
@_date: 1997-12-07 18:04:50
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Singapore 
And thus there is no true freedom of speech and such in Germany. I can
either say "Fuck the Jews" or I can't. I can either say "Bill Gates can blow
me" or I can't. I can either post naked pictures of myself or I can't. (And
yes, this means that there is no true freedom of speech and such in the
United States either.)
Nice try.

@_date: 1997-12-07 20:01:43
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: No Subject 
I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to him.

@_date: 1997-12-09 03:27:48
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hmm. Okay, then.
I think Vulis needs each of us to send twenty copies of this back to him in
a horribly mutilated state.

@_date: 1997-12-09 10:45:40
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: "Kids Safe" calls for mandatory blocking sw; op-ed on summit 
"Oh my gawd! A nipple! I'm harmed for life! I'm going to hell! Jesus doesn't
like this! All for a nipple!"
Um, yeah. And the far-right wackos strike again, this time in the guide of
"Kids Safe."
And now in addition to paying for Windoze when you buy a computer you get to
pay for censorware which you don't want. What if my machine comes with Linux
preinstalled? Is censorware still mandated? What if I deliberately come up
with a way to purposefully break the censorware every time they release it?
What if I come up with a way to get around the idiotware...err, censorware?
What if I specify that I don't want them to even TOUCH my hard drive -- just
stick it in the case and hand me the CDs? But the  reason this is stupid is: What keeps me from using an ActiveX
applet to exploit the "everyone is root" "feature" in Windows to remove the
censorware or, better yet, check to see if it is installed and horribly hose
the system? Granted nothing keeps me from destroying the system as it stands
now, but this just gives people a reason to do it other than the standard
(and justified) "Windows' point and click crap has destroyed the network." And of course there are two ways to use the actual ratings for civil
disobediance. You can either rate porn as "acceptable for children" or you
can rate *everything* as "hard-core XXX with graphic gunshots to the head, a
bunch of blood, and people cussing." The same applies for filters; I can
obsfuscate trigger words (i.e. "fuck" as "fsck" or "fuq") or I can
deliberately strewn them all over my pages so that people are, in effect,
FORCED to turn it off to read everything from a technical paper to a FAQ for
One of these days these idiots are going to learn two things: 1) You can
successfully censor very little material, and 2) It pisses people off and
they go out of their way to offend and put up porn. Remember back during the
Exon debacle? Hell, porn was posted to Cypherpunks.

@_date: 1997-12-09 10:47:56
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: NYTimes oped: Federal laws better than censorware 
Or public school districts, which are arms of the government regardless of
the fact that many of them have the word "independant" in their name and
have a quasi-independant regulatory joke known as a "school board."
Strangely enough I'm taxed to provide Internet feeds in the schools, then
taxed to censor those feeds, then bitched at for not "thinking about the
children" when I post to USENET, then threatened with government regulation
for the same. All while the public school system is turning out people who
can't read or do basic mathematics.
And we still come back to the old question: Who determines what is "suitable
for children?" Since I, for instance, consider absolutely no material to be
"inappropriate for children" on basis of their age and I absolutely deplore
censorship in all its forms I would rate everything as "suitable for
children," even if that means that I have to rate a porn page as having "no
nudity," or a copy of a hack and slash novel with blood and gore all over
the place as "no violence." It's blatently obvious to a human that they're
walking into a porn page or a copy of The Terrorist's Handbook before they
actually transfer it. Since the sole purpose of automated filtering and
rating systems is to censor material which some censor decides is
"inappropriate" for a particular audience without any input from that
audience at all, and in many cases I'm the one paying for the network feed
to begin with, screw them. And I'll put whatever I want on my pages, even if
that is a ratings tag, thank you.
If Little Johnny is of such fragile mentality that he will be damaged for
life because he sees a penis or a breast, then he was screwed already. Think
of it as evolution in action.
Rate falsely and watch them load.

@_date: 1997-12-16 09:48:10
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Security of Encrypted Magic Folders 
How do we know this?
How do we know this?
How do we know this? How do we know this? And why are they trying to patent a mathematical
algorithm? (The fact they can do it is irrelevent. Patenting a mathematical
algorithm, much like patenting something like XORing pixels on a screen, is
stupid.) And is the fact that they're trying to patent it supposed to make
us feel safer?
Cool. But since we have to disassemble the program to figure out how your
program really handles keys...how do we know this?
FUD and smokescreen. Security through obscurity.
FUD and smokescreen. The fact that creating a password program allegidly
violates intellectual property and copyright laws in some country isn't
going to keep somebody from writing one.
I doubt it's much effort. For example it can take 3 weeks for a group of
programmers to write a copy protection algorithm for their new PC game and
about 8 hours for a cracker to break it.
Further, if they're patenting this algorithm it will be public.
FUD. Decrypt in relatively small pages and cache in memory. Since they've
apparently added an encryption/decryption layer between the filesystem and
the userspace libraries to begin with this shouldn't be too hard.
Well, then again, considering this is Windows which is probably the
worst attempt at an operating system this decade maybe it isn't.
Not an issue if the operating system and/or encryption program are/is properly
designed. Finally something which might actually be valid.
Unless these people have released source this program should be avoided. The
algorithm is unknown, they aren't telling what it is or how it works, it
hasn't been submitted for review by cryptographers (at least this list hasn't heard about it), and they aren't releasing source so you can see what's going on. They're hyping security through obscurity as a valid security method,
while simultaneously applying for a patent on their security method and saying "Well, if it's cracked we'll just change to another algorithm whenever we
get around to releasing the next binary-only distribution. Hope nobody gets
your data in the meantime."
Further, it is designed for use on an operating system which is notorious
for insecurity, where everybody and everything is root (except under NT,
where you actually have to make some syscalls to get admin privlidges from
an unprivlidged account), where nobody releases source for anything, and
where there is no source available for the OS so you can modify it to fix
security holes or "features," much less add security enhancements of your own.
This entire thing reads like this: "We've developed our own proprietary
encryption method which nobody has ever heard of. We don't really know how
good it is, but you should believe us when we say it's really, really good.
In fact it's so good that we're patenting it just like RSA! Nobody will ever
be able to break it because our algorithm isn't in wide use and we aren't
releasing source! However if somebody actually does break it your data won't
be in the open for long because we'll use some other algorithm which is just
as good as the one we came up with originally and got a patent on. Hope you
didn't need security in that interim and we hope that when somebody breaks
this algorithm they'll tell us rather than taking advantage of all the (for
them) plaintext data laying around."

@_date: 1997-07-02 03:33:09
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: NRA and National Online Records Check bullshit 
Citizen-Unit May is coming dangerously close to thought-crime in this
message. The politically correct phrasing is as follows:   "Since convicted felons lose their rights to vote and to have guns, surely there is no reason why they shouldn't also lose their rights to free speech and religious freedom. We must protect the children from such dangers."
  This issue provides clear support for our long tradition of compromising
with the government on important issues - had we taken a "no compromise"
stand on felon's rights to vote and own guns then we would not now be able
to use that as justification for restricting further rights, just as prior
compromise on the First Amendment rights of "child pornographers" has given the government a neccesary stepping-stone for restricting freedom of speech of adult pornographers and other authorized enemies.

@_date: 1997-07-02 12:14:25
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Degaussing 
Could someone please point me to a FAQ or somesuch about degaussing
magnetic media? Thank you!

@_date: 1997-07-02 12:20:39
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Internet - Good & Bad [CNN] 
The article lost credibility in the first sentence. Is that a record?

@_date: 1997-07-06 06:52:10
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: procmail and hashcash 
* ^X-Hashcash-Coin:.*
* 1^1 ^From:.*president at whitehouse.gov
$status = 0;
$use_db = 1;
$validity = 28;
$num_bits = 19;
$hashcash_coin = "";
$hashcash_db = "$ENV{'HOME'}/.email_hashcash.db";
$hashcash_exec = "$ENV{'HOME'}/bin/hashcash";
$resource_name = "nobody\
while(<>) {
exit 1 if(!$hashcash_coin);
if($use_db) {
} else {
$status = $status / 256;
exit $status;

@_date: 1997-07-09 17:13:23
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: The Vulisbot 
Re: Liberating the Bits
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM blathers:
Yup. Like we believe you when you deny the Vilusbot. get over it, Kook.

@_date: 1997-07-15 07:35:38
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Campingsport Amsterdam 
For those planning to attend HIP97, there is already a
cypherpunk party coming from the West coast.  Some details
can be seen on the hip website People making other arrangements may be interested in this
tidbit from the NL tourist board.
X-From: I.Princen at inter.NL.net Mon Jul 14 12:33:37 1997
X-Sender: iprincen at solair1.inter.NL.net
Good afternoon,
Please contact:
Campingsport Amsterdam
Jan van Galenstraat 271
1056 BZ Amsterdam
tel.: 020-6128911
fax : 020-6184509
Kind regards,
Ingrid Princen
Netherlands Board of Tourism

@_date: 1997-07-16 08:34:32
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: [FC97] Anonymous Networking? 
Can someone summarize McCoy's `Anonymous Networking and Virtual Intranets'
from FC97 plz?

@_date: 1997-07-28 08:47:36
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: NSA leak (fwd) 
Not within a few million miles of here, and they'd be hard to conceal.
A few GW is fairly easy, by several methods.
Terrestrial fusion is not a serious contender yet, and I doubt
it will be for a long time.
I agree.  The 'something else' could be info about RNG flaws I suppose.
This guy couldn't be thinking about DES could he ?

@_date: 1997-07-29 04:31:33
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: NSA cracker - how many TW 
iang at cs.berkeley.edu
I've extracted some figures from an industry publication
and arrive at a worldwide electricity generation capacity
of 1.6 TW.  Assuming that 1% of that power is smuggled into
the deep space cracker we're not even close to 33 minutes,
and it doesn't matter whether we're looking at a one-off
every so often rather than a continuous 40 a day.
And that's still on optimistic assumptions including
1)  testing keys for free
2a) running on earth at 3 K rather than 300 K
2b) no bother transmitting power & signals into space
    (Like if the cracker had been secretly installed on Voyager 2
    that'd be your 33 mins gone waiting for the radio.)
IBM have published a communications scheme that claims to recover
energy normally lost - it was on their website a few months ago.
I skipped reading it at the time because it sounded dotty.

@_date: 1997-07-29 18:12:09
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: NSA leak (fwd) 
I'm talking continuous generation - sustained for half an hour...
I'm still talking continuous generation - we'll leave out the H-bombs.
And of course I agree confinement is a major problem.
Last I heard from the cutting edge (early '90s) you could get
2MW out of a fusion reactor, but that was less than you put in
to start it up.  That was using Deuterium, being gentle in order
to preserve the reactor.  Predictions were that using D-T would
break even.  Even that isn't anywhere near a commercial scale
You know of better results ?    There certainly are a number
of approaches, but I think I'd know if commercial fusion reactors
were working.
Are you ready to take this off-list ?

@_date: 1997-06-01 23:15:30
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: No Subject 
F-Secure SSH 1.0 Windows Client
pc_ssh.com - removes time-limit. Copy into SSH-directory and execute.
pc_ssh.com in ASCII:

@_date: 1997-06-11 22:57:56
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Untraceable Contract Killings 
And an incredible insight it was, also!  Imagine the mind it took to combine the notion of anonymity on the net with contract killings.  One boggles at the creativity, the depth, the sheer GENIUS.  We shouldn't worry too much about his petty desire to be remembered for his discoveries.
Of course, Bell did ADD a significant wrinkle, and deserves credit for his contributions.  May and Bell.  Names that will be remembered.

@_date: 1997-06-13 08:11:01
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Feds have lost battle against encryption 
I don't think the issue with china is key cracking.  The Chinese
supposedly used the supercomputers for weapons design and simulation,
which require significanly finer grained parallelism (and hence
lower-latency communication) than key cracking.

@_date: 1997-06-14 21:06:58
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Do reporters have special rights the rest of us don't have? 
Are you proposing the President can't choose who he meets?  Whether
such a meeting is called a "press conference" is irrelevant.
The legitimization of reporters through the use of "press credentials"
by the government can only occur when people operating the news
channels and their customers allow it to happen.
Panther Modern

@_date: 1997-06-14 21:08:02
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: FUCK YOU: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
"Trespass" is a misleading term.  The person "trespassing" doesn't
have to leave their chair.
What really happens is that somebody sets up a machine that will
transmit information when it receives certain combinations of bits.
Then the machine is made available to the whole world.
It is most reasonable to put the burden for security on the person who
wants to make their machine available to the whole world.
The legal approach has several problems.
1. It is ineffective and gives a false sense of security.
2. It undermines the demand for secure machinery.  (Intentional: the
people in governments believe secure machinery threatens their
3. It brings up problems with borders and seignority.
4. Such laws are expensive to enforce if we are to observe legal
customs like "innocent until proven guilty."
5. The legal prohibitions break down under the very circumstances when
we most want our systems to remain secure: times of war and times of
social unrest or revolution.
Panther Modern

@_date: 1997-06-15 03:48:26
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: IBM sues critics? 
According to a usually reliable contact in a position to know, IBM Friday
filed a liable suit against the 11 authors of the study
titled "The risks of key recovery, key escrow and trusted third-party
encryption" plus their employers and the Centere for Democracy and
Technology, which sponsored the report.  According to my contact, IBM
feels that the report directly targets their own key recovery system,
and falsely implies that it isn't reliable.  They are asking for
unspecified damages.
This means IBM is suing such people as Matt Blaze, Whitfield
Diffie, and Ronald Rivest, along with AT&T, Sun, Microsoft, and MIT
over the question of whether its key recovery system really works.
Considering that truth is a defense and the details of the
IBM system could be part of the defense's evidence, it should be an
interesting trial to say the least.
I have not seen the actual court papers and really have no idea
whether my contact is totally accurate.  Can anyone confirm the details?
I just read the study in question, and it sounds like IBM is totally
out of line and trying to intimidate its critics with threats of expensive
if frivolous lawsuits. On the other hand, some of the parties named
in the suit (Microsoft, AT&T) have their own armies of lawyers
to defend themselves, so it's hard to be sure of what's going on here.
I think the report is still at  or

@_date: 1997-06-17 09:42:24
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Homer on Terrorism 
Of course it was blackmail.  The reason people are confused about this is
they assume that blackmail is bad.
Blackmail is good.  The alternative is releasing the damaging information.
Blackmail gives the person who has something to hide a chance to keep the
information quiet.  He has more options than he would have in a system
where blackmail was impossible.
Laws against blackmail are even more senseless than laws against libel.
In the case of blackmail, the supposed victim is asking not to be allowed
to take actions which are in his own self interest, a classic case of protecting
someone from himself.
Fortunately, cryptography will liberate blackmail just as it will other forms
of communications.

@_date: 1997-06-24 10:38:05
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Child Porn 3 [JPG] 
Baayen, R. H., van Halteren, H. and Tweedie, F. J. (1996).  Outside the
Cave of Shadows: Using syntactic annotation to enhance authorship
attribution. Literary and Linguistic Computing, 11 (3). pp. 121-131.
Bailey, Richard W., (1979). Authorship attribution in a forensic setting.
D.E. Aeger, F.E.Knowles & J.Smith (Eds). Advances in Computer-Aided Literary
and Linguistic Resaerch. Proc. 5th Intl. Symposium on Computers in
Literary and Linguistic Research, Birmingham, 1978.
Brainerd, B., (1974). Weighing evidence in language and literature: a
statistical approach. University of Toronto Press. Toronto.
Brainerd, B.  (1988).  Two models for the type-token relation with time
dependant vocabulary reservoir.  P. Thoiron, D. Serant & D. Labbe (Eds.).
Vocabulary structure and lexical richness.  Champion-Slatkine.  Paris.
de Morgan, Sophia, E.  (1882). Memoir of Augustus de Morgan by his wife
Sophia Elizabeth de Morgan with selections from his letters.
Longmans, Green, and Co.  London.
Ellegard, A.A.  (1962). A Statistical Method for Determining Authorship:
The Janus Letters, 1769-1772.  University of Gothenburg.  Gothenburg.
Fucks, W.  (1952). On the mathematical analysis of style.
Biometrika 39.  pp. 122-129.
Grayston, K. & Herdan, G.  (1959). The authorship of the Pastorals in the
light of statistical linguistics.  New Testament Studies 6. pp. 1-15.
Holmes, David, I.  (1994). Authorship attribution.  Computers and the
Humanities 28.  pp. 87-106.
Holmes-Higgin, P.R. (1995). Text Knowledge: the Quirk Experiments.
Ph.D. Thesis, Dept. Mathematical and Computing Sciences, University of
Surrey, Guildford, England.
Honore, A.  (1979). Some Simple Measures of Richness of Vocabulary.
Association for Literary and Linguistic Computing Bulletin 7.
pp. 172-177.
Hubert, P. & Labbe, D.  (1988). A model of vocabulary partition.
Journal of the Association for Literary and Linguistic Computing 3.
pp. 223-225.
Ledger, Gerard R. (1989). Re-counting Plato: A Computer Analysis of
Plato's Style.  Clarendon Press.  Oxford.
Matthews, Robert & Merriam, Thomas V.N.  (1993). Neural computation in
stylometry I: an application to the works of Shakespeare and Marlowe.
Literary and Linguistic Computing 8 (4).  pp. 203-209.
Matthews, Robert & Merriam, Thomas V.N.  (1994). Neural computation in
stylometry II: an application to the works of Shakespeare and Marlowe.
Literary and Linguistic Computing 9 (1).  pp. 1-6.
Mendenhall, Thomas C.  (1887). The Characteristic Curves of Composition.
Science IX.  pp. 237-249.
Orlov, J. K.  (1983). Ein Modell der Haufigkeitsstruktur des Vokabulars.
H. Guiter and M. Arapov (Eds), Studies in Zipf's Law, Bochum: Brockmeyer,
pp. 154-233.
Ratkowsky, D.A. & Hantrais, L.  (1975). Tables for comparing the richness
and structure of vocabulary in texts of different lengths.  Computers and
the Humanities 9.  pp. 69-75.
Sichel, H.S.  (1974). On a distribution representing sentence-length in
written prose.  Journal of the Royal Statistical Society (A) 137.  pp. 25-34.
Sichel, H.S.  (1986). Word frequency distributions and type-token
characteristics.  Mathematical Scientist 11.  pp. 45-72.
Tweedie, Fiona J., Singh, S. & Holmes, David I.  (1994). Neural Network
Applications in Stylometry: The Federalist Papers.  Proceedings of the
3rd Conference on the Cognitive Science of Natural Language Processing,
Dublin City University, Dublin, 7-8 July 1994.
Tweedie, Fiona J., Baayen, R. H.  (1997). Lexical `constants' in
stylometry and authorship studies.  To appear.
Yule, George U.  (1938). On sentence-length as a statistical characteristic
of style in prose, with application to two cases of disputed authorship.
Biometrika 30.  pp. 363-390.
Yule, George U.  (1944)
The statistical study of literary vocabulary.  Cambridge University Press.

@_date: 1997-06-25 02:17:29
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
Too simple.  Escrow for ecash isn't to allow forging cash, or stealing it.
It allows tracing it.
If you tell financial experts that making ecash traceable under court order is
goint to make electronic commerce impossible, they'll laugh.  They already
use systems which are even less private than that.

@_date: 1997-06-27 23:32:46
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Bomb Making Info to be Illegal 
Surely oranges would be a better choice for MPs? Hell, dress them
up in stockings and suspenders first and they'd probably write it off
as accidental death.

@_date: 1997-05-29 21:15:34
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: pathology 
This was taken from the Alameda County District Attorney's Office
publication "The Point of View":
In a murder trial, the defense attorney was cross examining a pathologist.
Here's what happened:
ATTORNEY:  Before you signed the death certificate, had you taken the pulse?
CORONER:   No.
ATTORNEY:  Did you listen to the heart?
CORONER:   No.
ATTORNEY:  Did you check for breathing?
CORONER:   No.
ATTORNEY:  So, when you signed the death certificate, you weren't sure the
           man was dead, were you?
CORONER:   Well, let me put it this way.  The man's brain was sitting in a
           jar on my desk.  But I guess it's possible he could be out there
           practicing law somewhere.

@_date: 1997-05-30 03:25:59
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: US grants export license for PGP 
Well that sure got buried by the "Truth Above All Else (tm)" press. Not
surprising however.
We have so many laws in this country, doesn't one of them prevent
"discrimination" based on dollar value of corporation? ;)
How about extortion... "You must be a large company paying buttloads in
taxes and making sizeable contributions to the administration to receive
license to use PGP overseas..."
Can't we use this against them and force the license to be extended to

@_date: 1997-11-02 14:06:49
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: democracy?! (Re: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT (fwd) 
It's not hard to believe that this was the case in some places and in
some times, but a term like the "Wild West" covers a lot of time and
For example, in San Francisco in the early 1860s there was a very high
murder rate, something like 1000 people were killed in one year and
nobody was convicted.  (Forgive minor factual errors as I haven't
studied this in awhile.)  I have also read reports of substantial
violence in the mining communities of Nevada and California with
minimal enforcement action taken.  It seems likely to me that the low
murder rate claim has some exceptions, even if we ignore the mutual
atrocities between various native groups, Americans, and Mexicans.
I would also like to see how pervasive the temperance movement was in
the Wild West.  By the late nineteenth century my impression is that
it was going strong in the Wild West although it possibly hadn't
grasped the levers of power yet.
I'm pretty sure there were gunfights, but that they happened a lot
more quickly and a lot less formally than we see on TV.  But, I could
believe that overall they happened infrequently.  Anybody have a
I am told that knife fighting was a lot more common than is widely
known.  A lot of poor runaways showed up to work in various mining
towns and they were unable to afford expensive toys like guns.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-03 05:38:51
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: cute. 
Uhhh... that's what I meant to say.  (Although I can't think of a
circumstance where the fingerprint matters if the reputation is bound
to the key only.)
While we're on the subject, why are key IDs used anyway?  People don't
really use them for anything.  Software might as well use the complete
description of the key internally.
For that matter, I'm not sure the the e-mail address and user name are
good things to associate with the key.  The e-mail address changes all
the time.  The user name should be assigned by you as part of the
authentication procedure, not by the person offering the key.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-03 08:27:32
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Speech as co-conspiring? I don't think so. 
When Attila says "I have this message from the list" and it has a
valid signature, it makes things considerably more interesting because
we don't have to trust Attila very much.  For instance, it may give
the owner of the signing key incontrovertible proof that his machine
was compromised.  If we have several examples of messages which are
slightly different from each other and are signed by the list key, we
know that an attack was mounted, although we may not know by whom.
I phrased that badly.  What I meant to say was that the person who
compromised the machine may be able to sign messages, but he or she
will still have to sign all the messages going out.  Which means that
they can be compared later, which may show incontrovertible proof that
Something Is Wrong And It Is Wrong In A Most Interesting Way.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-03 18:04:53
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: A Legal Strategy 
Let's say you are James Joyce and you are writing "Ulysses" on your
nice little Linux machine.  Because you fear persecution, you use
encrypted virtual disks.
Because you are clever, you have ten such disks.  One contains your
drafts of "Ulysses", four contain harmless information, and five
contain noise.
The jack booted thugs kick down your door and drag you to jail.  The
Judge orders you to produce the pass phrases of all the disks or be
penalized for contempt of court.
Now, you are in an interesting situation.  You can't give the
passwords for half of the disks, but you are unable to prove this.
This means you have nothing to gain by giving the pass phrase to the
"Ulysses" disk - you will always be seen as holding out.  Even if you
convince the Judge that some of the disks are noise, you have no
reason not to include the "Ulysses" disk in this set.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-04 01:35:05
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Speech as co-conspiring? I don't think so. 
True.  I think the majority of the Hollywood community is on our side
in this one.  Folks likes Clint Eastwood have made a sincere effort to
expose the BATFucks for the thugs they are.  Some of you may recall
that Clint has become a vocal critic of the seige at Waco and spoken
out against it on several occasions.
Yes, imagine having to be related to such a creep.
Though not a panacea, remailers do create some interesting possibilities
for the freedom of expression.

@_date: 1997-11-13 14:18:43
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Think how difficult it must have been to publish a pseudonymous writing back
in their day.  And compare how easy it is now.  With a basic Internet
connection and some software I can post this message under the name Nerthus,
and anyone who took the time to save my public key in their keyring can
verify with almost complete certainty that "Nerthus" wrote this.
But as we progress on some fronts, we digress on others.  The tools which
can empower the individual are readily available, but the individual is
quickly becoming an automaton, a shell of the man he used to be.
"I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death." -- Patrick Henry
What is life without liberty?  Abject slavery.  Any sane man would rather
die than be a slave.  But what is this slavery?
It is the state in which we live our lives.  More often than not, our
oppressors are our own selves: our fears, our imaginings, our hatred.
Everyone does this: the "right-wing-gun-nut" who detests the actions of
the BATF, the Christian zealot who detests the pro-abortion crusaders/
Zoroastrians/creationists/NWO types, the IRS agent who detests the "tax
protestors", the treehugger who detests the corporate greed/profit
machine that is destroying the planet... I could go on but I think you
get my point.
Injustice happens everyday.  The next time you find yourself at Burger
King stuffing yourself with greasy slop, think of the millions of people
in Africa who are slowly starving to death.  Injustice, yes, but what
are you going to do about it?  Anything?
The fact is you can't do anything, even if you wanted to.  And because
of that we all become reactionary, angered, resentful, violent.  We
perpetuate the disintegration of mankind, of ourselves.
No people in their right mind should bow down and lick the boots of their
oppressors.  But neither should they kill them either.  The intelligent
action is to show the oppressors the errors in their ways.  Every human being, even our "enemies" have a mind that is not completely devoid of
reason.  The sooner we show them a better way of living, the sooner we can move toward it.  Then the possibility for an end to the injustices that
surround us becomes more available.
I leave you with a quote to ponder:
"My country is the world, and my religion is to do good."
Any idea who the pinko-liberal, NWO cocksucker was that said this?
It was Thomas Paine in his book "Rights of Man".

@_date: 1997-11-17 19:45:40
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
I took this statement at face value, but out of curiousity I decided to find
out who this guy Foucault was.  The things I read about him lead me to believe otherwise.
Some quotes from Michel Foucault:
 "The judges of normality are present everywhere.  We are in
  the society of the teacher-judge, the doctor-judge, the   educator-judge, the 'social worker'-judge."
 "Prison continues, on those who are entrusted to it, a work
  begun elsewhere, which the whole of society pursues on each
  individual through innumerable mechanisms of discipline."
How quick we are to condemn those who step out of the "norm", no?  As soon as someone says something even slightly controversial, our inner censors rush in to separate ourselves from that person, to chastise him, to condemn him, regardless of the relationship we have developed with him in the past.
There is this unfortunate property in man that leads him to disassociate himself from the ideas he holds true if it is convenient, and especially if it will allow him to avoid the ridicule, hatred and disdain of others.  In the never ending "pursuit of happiness" we seek to make our lives so comfortable that we will give up that which we hold dearest.
 "The work of an intellectual is not to mould the political   will of others; it is, through the analyses that he does in   his own field, to re-examine evidence and assumptions, to   shake up habitual ways of working and thinking, to dissipate
  conventional familiarities, to re-evaluate rules and   institutions and...to participate in the formation of a   political will (where he has his role as citizen to play)."
In other words, to make people think.  This is the goal of the intellectual. To subtly influence the mass of humanity by appealing to their minds, their reason, instead of their base instincts and emotions.  Tolerance and acceptance are results brought about in us by communion with the mind, that which is greatest in us.  Hatred, persecution, violence are what we fall back upon when we cease to live to our fullest potential.  We degenerate into the animals we once were.
Perhaps one way of looking at it is that if you can't see the black and
the white, you're missing the whole picture.
After all, who would think that one would need to use an anonymous remailer
and a pseudonym to express oneself in a free and open society such as ours?

@_date: 1997-11-18 00:16:28
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Overcoming War with Information 
Monty Cantsin wrote elsewhere:
War is often used to justify the existence of government.  If politicians can convince the people that they have an enemy that must be destroyed, the people willingly give their lives and livelihood to the government to fight this assumed enemy.  War feeds the expansion of a government's power over its citizens.  After the war has ended, the government maintains this newfound power.
Interestingly, the 20th century, which has been the bloodiest in recorded history, has also been the century of failed experiments in large-scale government.  The former Soviet Union and Yugoslavia are clear examples of what happens when different groups of people (who would rather not be associated) are forced to live together at the point of a gun.  The disolution of the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia, and the subsequent violence and unrest clearly illustrate the results of forced association.
Governments are impedements to the free and voluntary interaction among the world's people.  Look how vehemently governments attempt to block the flow of certain types of information to their people.  Trade barriers, censorship and control of communications channels are three of the tools governments use to restrict a free global society.
The trend now is toward smaller political units.  The recent dissolution of former socialist nation-states is one example.  The growth in the "State Sovereignty" movement in America is another.  "Those in the center", as Steve refers to them, may not have any choice about giving up what they have.  Their only hope would be to spread enough lies (via the mass media channels) to convince the majority of people to back them, in another war of We must remember that people are reluctant -- and for good reason -- to go to war.  Common sense prevails, though it may not be exercised all that
often.  War can be avoided if the truth of the situation is revealed to the
populace: the spotlight shone on the puppetmasters.
At the same time, clear solutions to the problems that have accumulated due to blind faith in an unworkable system have to be presented and implemented. The transition will not be easy.
We have our work cut out for us.

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:56:15
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Overcoming War with Information 
So whose files and communications do "we" have access to?  And who
is "we"?

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:28:41
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Further costs of war 
Hash: SHA1
True, but a lot less citizens were paying income taxes in 1914 than in 1941.
Following are some figures that I extracted from the "Historical Statistics of the United States, Colonial Times to 1970", published in 1975 by the US Dep't of Commerce's Bureau of the Census:
[Note: in a previous post I had said that the initial income tax was 1% on any person earning more than $4,000 per year.  This is incorrect.  It was 1% on any person earning more than $20,000 per year, or roughly $400,000 in today's money.  Hardly the makings for a public outcry to the new "constitutional amendment."  Let's face it: the American public was just as complacent toward unconstitutional legislation then as it is now.]
In 1916, this figure was increased to 2%.  The total US gov't income tax revenue for that year was $68 million.  By 1940, the first income tax bracket had reached 4.4% on any person earning more than $4,000 per year for total yearly income tax revenue of $982 million.  The numbers increased dramatically during World War II:
Year		%	Income	Total Individual Income Tax Revenue

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:29:50
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: The Illusion of Freedom 
Clearly not.  Let me rephrase what I said since it appears it was not as obvious as I had thought.
Those who wage war (the politicians/"kings") are rarely the slaves.  Those who die (the soldiers/citizens) usually are.
The soldiers and citizens are the pawns and other chessmen on the chessboard who are sacrificed to protect the king of their color while attempting to checkmate the king of the other color.  All chessmen are expendable, except the two kings.  When one of the kings is checkmated, the game is over.
Note: the king can be checkmated without the loss of a single chessman, though it is rare.  However, the possibility exists.  Think about it.

@_date: 1997-11-30 07:28:10
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: GAK 
This is a bad thing? In the Land of the Freeh "children" are defined as
"anybody under 18 years of age." A 16 year old is a "child" according to the
government but obviously isn't such. The "before 18 they're too immature" argument doesn't fly too well. At 18
they don't suddenly become "mature." If they aren't "mature" by about 14,
think of it as evolution in action.
As for homosexuality and/or uniqueness, this is supposed to be protected. Of
course it won't be if Klintonkov gets his way.

@_date: 1997-10-29 12:20:28
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: rescue Mrs Allen from the Feds (Re: Tim's worst nightmare.,..) 
Question: Are the Feds involved, or is it just the State of Illinois?
If the Feds really are involved, what possible justification do they
The best way to help Mrs. Allen is to find ways for her to communicate
with the civilized world.
Maybe use a model airplane deliver a CB?  Or a spread spectrum radio?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-31 00:09:38
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
Tim no doubt already knows this, but I'm going to mention it anyway.
The FDA has other reasons for existing such as protecting the major
drug cartels from competition and providing wonderful employment
opportunities for former FDA employees in said drug cartels.
The choice of medical products and services as a choke point to
exploit is a particularly evil one as the link between government
imposed oligopoly profits and people's lives is very clear.
And, of course, this is worst of all for poor people because they are
least able to manage their situation.
I have my doubts as to whether it is possible to set up a really good
anonymous insurance scheme.  At some point the customer must
physically be matched up with the policy.  The damage may be minimized
by putting a hash of the customer's DNA markers in the policy instead
of the markers themselves.  But, when the customer wishes to draw on
the policy, his or her markers will have to be taken.
If there were a way for the representative of the insurance company to
absolutely verify the DNA markers such that the customer could be
absolutely certain the information didn't leave the room, a really
good anonymous policy would be feasible.  But, I can't think of a way
to do this.
The really good way to protect your medical privacy is to self insure.
Most people are happy with policies that tap out at $1 million.  If
you would be happy with such a policy, then all you need is $1 million
to protect your privacy.  It is likely that this $1 million will not
ever be consumed by health care costs.  (Probably much less likely
than that a policy holder will hit that limit.  People tend to spend
their own money more responsibly than somebody else's.)
One of the most important criteria for issuing insurance must be age.
Is there anyway to unambiguously determine somebody's age?  I know how
to do it with trees, but it doesn't work with people.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-31 04:41:22
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Government violates 3rd amendment 
Sunday 10/26/96
Roby II
Town Hall Meeting
The Town Hall Meeting convened at 2:00 PM as promised at the
Community Center in Auburn, Il. nearly 6 miles east of Roby.
The Community Center was packed. Neighbors from far and wide attended
the meeting which lasted for several hours. At least one attendee, a
City Councilman was so incensed after hearing from the neighbors of
Shirley Allen, he offered to contact Judge Slatter in hopes of having
court order withdrawn.
Attended by numerous members of the media, this Town Hall Meeting
produced several local neighbors speaking on Shirley's behalf. Even the
lone State Trooper seen "taking down license plate numbers" during the
meeting did not mar this event.  Reportedly, Carolyn Trochman dialed
911 and reported a "suspicious individual" roaming around the vehicles
and demanded that an officer be dispatched to help.  That lone trooper
after seen "talking on his radio" was observed to quickly ceased that
Speakers onhand included John Trochman and Joyce Riley with impromptu
ballads supplied by singer/songwriter Dave Riddell. Reports indicate a
Ballad For Shirley was born during the meeting and performed by Dave
The Auburn Town Hall meeting was dubbed a success and several neighbors
owning property adjacent to Shirley Allen spoke in her defense so
that afterwards it was agreed to reconvene at a home NEXT DOOR  to
Shirley Allen.  This caravan, including at least one motor home then
to converge at the neighbors home with his invitation and the local
had little choice but to allow them into the outer perimeter.  The
meeting was
peaceful and included at least 75 from the Auburn Roby 2 Town Hall
Spirits were lifted near Shirley's home as the second session of the
continued into the darkness of dusk.  Chants were born and at least one
being shouted by all at the gathering could not help but help the
on duty realize that this was indeed an effort to help relieve tensions.
The chant born yesterday afternoon was  "BAD COP.....NO DONUTS
..... BADCOP......NO  DONUTS".  Troopers were seen not able to keep
their  "terse" expressions during these chants.
What was accomplished?  "A Lot!" exclaimed Joyce Riley.  "We have at
least one City Councilman whom has since contacted other councilmen and
they will be visiting with Judge Slatter Monday Morning.  The local
support for Shirley is overwhelming.  With this kind of support, we can
go uphill from here."
More Later on the Success of Roby II
Johnny Johnson
Houston, Texas
(281) 530-5511

@_date: 1997-11-01 14:28:36
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
============================== START ==============================
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Perception, not reality, is what is important here.  A wealthy
appearing person will generally fare better.
It's true, however, that you are probably better off with proof of
insurance than an expensive watch when being wheeled into the
emergency room.  (Except for your privacy, that is.)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-06 10:25:47
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Dianaism Was: Re: Di and Dodi Run Over A Land Mine 
They'll be lonely if we don't fill in the Pantheon:
God of Messages and Pathways:     Alan M. Turing
God of War:                       William Colby
God of Justice:                   Alfred Nobel
Goddess of Love:                  Muriel Hemingway
God of Vengeance:                 Jim Bell
Presidential Gods:
The Kitchen God:                  Harry S. Truman
God of Mischief and Deception:    Richard Milhous Nixon
God of Laughter and Forgetting:   Ronald Wilson Reagan
Court Jester:                     Jerzy Kosinski
Patron Saint of Lost Causes:      Dorothy Denning
The All Powerful God:             Rover from "The Prisoner"
The Olympians:
John Bonham
Curt Cobain
Jimi Hendrix
Janice Joplin
John Lennon
Jim Morrison
"Oh Lord Turing, please hear my prayer.  I do beseech thee for a one
way function whose inverse is NP complete.  Please do graciously
accept my humble offering: 10109AlanMathisonTuring11cfea22ef8c1166"
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-07 23:01:37
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Mandatory key escrow bill text, backed by FBI 
How many divisions do we have?
You have probably done more with the Eternity Service already than you
can ever hope to do with weapons.
Our strong points are ideas both those expressed as code and those
expressed as English.  Ideas catch on with other people and then they
replicate.  Ideas are hard to subvert.  Ideas are what we are good at.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-12 04:06:23
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Major Political Appointments 
Freeh denied reports that Froomkin, Junger, Broiles, Karn and Shostack had
large vacant portions at the back end of their calendars, or that Crispin
and Toto had not even bothered to order one for next year.
