
@_date: 2001-04-04 22:29:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
In light of recent "situations" involving cpunks and the courts, I've been thinking about the 5th Amendment.
I pose two questions:
If called to testify in a criminal case, and asked the question "Are you known by any other names" (or a derivative of that question), could one plead the fifth in order to prevent the disclosure of a pseudonym?
If asked the question "have you ever communicated with [third party]", could one plead the fifth if that communication was made through a pseudonym, and tying that pseudonym to oneself could potentially be

@_date: 2001-04-05 20:22:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dear Tony 
You know, sometimes some really wacky weird shit gets posted to this list.

@_date: 2001-04-10 01:23:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: plazmoid balls any microwaves 
I missed that one, but recently tested out the "grape in the microwave" experiment, and found it to be quite impressive.
Take a seedless grape, and slice it in half (down what could be considered the equator of the grape.)
Leave a centimeter or so of skin connecting the two halves.
Dab off any excess juice with a towel.
Place sliced-side down on a plate.
Put in the microwave and nuke on high for 10-15 seconds. (I tried this in my girlfriend's microwave. It appears to still function properly.)

@_date: 2001-04-12 04:18:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: tcs-gateway13.treas.gov 
Yes, actually, I am from around here. That's how I know that both the IRS and the ATF, and presumably other Treasury Dept. agencies, use that domain. What's "tcs" stand for?
Would someone other than Jim care to speculate about this? Perhaps someone who knows? Jeff Gordon, you out there?

@_date: 2001-08-03 03:32:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pi 
This would let us "whiten" entropy with confidence.  Now we just
assume without really knowing that feeding everything through SHA1 is
a good idea; that is, the mapping of input strings to the resulting
hash string is even.  (This is different from the "can't find a
collision" property.  Even if that property doesn't hold, so long as
the probability of each resulting hash is about the same, it will work
fine as an entropy whitener.)
The term "random" may be misleading.  What they are likely close to
proving is that the occurences of any given string of bits is evenly
This does not mean it is a good encryption algorithm.  For example, if
it turns out that given a sequence of bits it's easy to find the
places in pi where they appear, you have a good known plaintext
However, if in addition it was shown to be impossible to do this, we
would have something neat and very important - a provably strong
encryption algorithm.  My guess is that this is a ways off, if it's
even possible.

@_date: 2001-08-06 05:49:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDR Suggestion 
One thing that would be really helpful is if somebody sent information
about the CDR to the list once a week.  An explanation of what it is,
how it works, how to unsubscribe, how to subscribe, and a list of
nodes participating would be a blessing.
For each node it would be nice to know:
Operator (optional ;-)
Subscription Address
Help Address
Posting Address
Message Modification Policy
Filtering Policy
Privacy Policy (*)
(*) Is the list of subscribers publicly available?  (And, if so, why?)

@_date: 2001-08-09 10:37:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mixmaster Message Drops 
Hear, hear.
The quick and dirty way to do this is to sign and encrypt traffic
between remailers with gpg.  But, I doubt this will be necessary.  (At
some point something like this should be done, however, especially as
the added encryption makes flooding attacks much harder.)
It would be dumb for an adversary to attempt sabotage by causing
message drops because we can definitively solve the problem and in
doing so we may detect it, thus revealing the operation.  For example,
two remailer ops could collude to the extent of keeping checksums of
their mutual traffic and comparing offline.  This is indetectible to
the active attacker, but his or her presence will be revealed.  Once
revealed, the ops can methodically and quietly track down how the
attack is being performed.  This would be big news.
Far more effective is for an attacker to run a remailer perfectly, but
quietly watch everything going by.  (Hope nobody's taking notes! ;-)
This isn't necessary if you have identified a working set of
remailers.  When they just work, you don't have to identify the bad
ones.  (Trust and reputation might be a faster way to get there than
The level of reliability specified, roughly 1 in 5000 messages
dropped, is barely detectible and is thus a good value.  If you send
10,000 messages in a month, that's about 330/day.  For example, you
might be feeding a few newsgroups through the mixmaster network to a
friend.  If the "packets" are sequenced and none are lost, then the
goal has been achieved.  This test could be performed as a side
benefit of some other activity.
Also, if the 1 in 5000 figure is truly independent (a stretch,
perhaps), sending the message three times gives you less than one in a
billion chance of failure.  Good enough for government work.

@_date: 2001-08-12 08:05:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mixmaster Checksums 
The latest mixmaster sources are not signed.  Are these
checksums right?
Length: 1515625 bytes
SHA1: c166dc0e 9aa6d492 54448332 1bf74724 0deb9b87
MD5:  72b4b9b9 b356017d d34a9eb0 36090075
mix-2.9b23.tar.gz Length: 376334 bytes
SHA1: 492499a4 26e91444 ed8c4549 83f38ec6 a3f84854
MD5:  ca4e402b ff488b90 93807939 14769220

@_date: 2001-08-21 15:20:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Offender Registration: Duty to Register 
Offender Registration: Duty to Register
DMCA Offenders and WIPO Offenders
It is a crime to fail to register. If you have been convicted of a DMCA
offense or WIPO crime, you may be required to register with local law
enforcement under California law. If the offense was added to the
registration law after the date of your conviction, you may not have
received personal notice of your duty to register as a DMCA or WIPO
Check with your local law enforcement agency to see if the offense for
which you were convicted requires registration. To register, go to the
police department in the city where you live or are located, or the
local sheriff's department if you are in an unincorporated area.
If you have questions about your DMCA offense or WIPO conviction, or
need to know whether your out-of-state conviction is the equivalent of a
registrable offense in California, contact the DMCA and WIPO
Registration Program in the California Department of Justice by e-mail
at sotp at doj.ca.gov, or the address below:
DMCA and WIPO Registration Program California Department of Justice P.O. Box 903387 Sacramento, CA 94203-3870

@_date: 2001-08-22 02:04:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
What, are they still posting to this list? ;-)
John, killfiles work great.  Once you try it, you'll never go back.

@_date: 2001-08-22 02:53:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Arresting Henry Kissinger 
The Village Voice has an article which approaches the question of how
to make a citizen's arrest of Henry Kissinger:
The article is apparently hostile to Kissinger, but plays down the
horror and extent of his crimes.  Boilerplate excuses are offered.
Outrage at murder and kidnapping is curiously absent.
"Kissinger was simply a very loyal, opportunist subordinate."
  -- Daniel Ellsberg
Does this exonerate other criminals under our laws?  No.
Is it the truth?  No.

@_date: 2001-08-30 23:00:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wuss-ninnies object to discussions on the list 
I know for sure that there's more than one.
"Any message posted to cypherpunks via an anonymous remailer gets an
automatic +2 on hit points, for it practices what it preaches."

@_date: 2001-12-10 23:47:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: in praise of gold 
[A repost of an earlier message regarding gold]
If you really want to look at 100 year time scales, gold is completely
unsuitable as a standard of value.
Over the next 100 years it is highly likely that we will develop new
technologies which will totally change what we think of as valuable.
Nanotechnology and similar methods will allow atom by atom restructuring
of matter.  Gold and other elements can be extracted from sea water
or from the soil.  Space mining will open access to mineral stores on
other planets.  Low cost, solar powered low-energy orbits can bring
these resources back to earth.
With all the changes that we are going to be seeing over the next
100 years, what are the chances that one particular metal is going to
turn out to have anywhere near the same value that it has today?  It is
far more likely that the relative prices of all the elements will vary
greatly from what we have known in the past.
Look at a chart of the abundances of the elements in the earth's crust,
and in the terrestrial planets.  These represent "supply" of matter in the
future.  Demand will come from how useful these elements are in supplying
people's needs.  Carbon may well turn out to be a highly valuable element
due to its great flexibility, strength, its biological role, and its
relative rarity.  Diamonds will be no more valuable than soot, of course,
but both will be excellent raw materials for nanotech construction.
Or they may not.  We don't know enough now.  But we can certainly say
that any money based on the rarity of an elemental commodity faces the
prospect of being highly unstable as we move into the nanotech regime.
On the other hand, fiat moneys can be based on contract and mutual
agreement.  With cryptographic protection, account balances are
transferred securely.  And as multiple money issuers (the US Fed among
others) compete in an international market, the global money supply will
be self adjusting, as predicted by economic models.
This is the true foundation for an economically stable future.  Atoms are
the past; bits are the future.  Money is becoming information, with
checks and balances already in place to control the global money supply.
In contrast, basing the future economic system on the spatial distribution
of metallic atoms would be foolish.

@_date: 2001-12-11 04:54:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FreeSWAN Release 1.93 ships! 
The latest releases of both Suse and Mandrake are both able to install kernels with Freeswan already integrated.  It's a little newer addition to Mandrake, so you may want to use Suse.  Suse makes it easy to set up encrypted file systems and other nice features.
The major problem that holds back the development of FreeS/WAN is with its management.  [Management that cares more about sitting on its pulpit, than getting useful software into the hands of people.] Unless things have changed recently, they still won't accept contributions from the US.  This makes no sense.  GPG is shipping with every Linux distribution I know of, and the German's take contributions from the US.
The primary kernel developers have been willing to integrate crypto into the kernel since the crypto regs were lowered.  It's the policy of no US contributions that's holding back Linux IPSEC.
IMHO:  If Freeswan had never been created, an alternate, more mature implementation would already exist in the mainline Linux kernel.

@_date: 2001-12-11 05:52:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: eCash reported mortally wounded... 
No need to wait so long for ecash implementations.  Ben Laurie's Lucre
software uses Wagner blinding, which is a non-signature based blinding
system.  The coin can only be verified by the bank, contrary to the
definition of a digital signature, so the blind signature patent does
not apply.  Read more at

@_date: 2001-12-15 01:28:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
It's a myth that remailers don't distinguish between inter-remailer and
outside traffic.  Actually, remailers generally have built-in knowledge
of every other remailer, and mail from them is handled specially.
The reason is because of flood detection and prevention, which is a
feature of modern remailer software.  Attacks against the remailer network
in the form of message floods have been a common nuisance in recent years.
As a countermeasure, current remailer software detects and automatically
blocks addresses which provide excessive quantities of mail.
Unfortunately, the most common cause of large incoming volumes is
that the other sender is itself a remailer.  Hence it is necessary to
maintain a database of all extant remailers and disable flood detection
for those addresses.  This is a common practice for remailer operators.
It's also one of the main reasons why certain remailer chains
"mysteriously" fail to work.  With the set of remailers changing
frequently, especially in recent months, it takes time, often weeks,
before all the remailers get around to updating their databases to
reflect the current set of addresses.  Until then you have a failure
with any chain which goes from a remailer to another remailer which has
not yet added it.  You end up with these strange situations where A can
send to B which can send to C, and C can send to A, but any chain where
A sends to C fails.
At one time there was a somewhat romantic and idealistic notion that
remailers would all operate independently, with no need to be aware
of each other's existence.  Experience has proven that this is not
the case.  Remailers do know about each other, they need to know about
each other, and they coordinate their efforts via various mailing lists
and newsgroups.
Given this reality, it is time to consider a different approach to
remailers, one in which all remailer operators work together in a peer
to peer network.  It's crazy for remailers to use RFC2822 email to
communicate with each other, with all of its problems with reliability
and the many layers of software which mail goes through to and from the
remailing functionality.
Remailer operators should have permanent encrypted links to one another,
with constant (or at least message-uncorrelated) traffic volumes.
They can still use latency, message pools, and other features, of course.
But when it comes time to deliver messages to the next remailer in the
list, that should be done with a reliable and direct connection that
doesn't have to depend on the vagaries of sendmail, procmail, Microsoft
servers or the many other layers that get in the way.  This would both
increase the reliability of the remailer network and improve its security
by hiding inter-remailer traffic.

@_date: 2001-12-15 17:11:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Feds Go Cow Tipping... 
I'm having a hard time believing this isn't a put on. If not, everyone at cDc should be hunted down and made, like their name -- dead!

@_date: 2001-12-17 01:50:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: OBL's public key 
There are at least four keys on the PGP public key servers for OBL:
Type Bits KeyID    Created    Expires    Algorithm       Use
pub  1024 7D6B7194 1999-05-01 ---------- DSS             Encrypt only   sub  3072 A467CF86 1999-05-01 ---------- Diffie-Hellman                 uid  Osama Ben Laden pub  1024 E26E586C 2001-05-01 ---------- DSS             Encrypt only   sub  2048 6603204E 2001-05-01 ---------- Diffie-Hellman                 uid  Osama Bin Laden
pub  1024 54A68C12 2001-10-13 ---------- DSS             Encrypt only   sub  1536 CA5B39D2 2001-10-13 ---------- Diffie-Hellman                 uid  osama bin laden pub  1024 7AD74ED0 2001-10-23 2002-10-23 DSS             Encrypt only   sub  2048 8F6E73AA 2001-10-23 2002-10-23 Diffie-Hellman                 uid  Osama Bin Laden

@_date: 2001-12-17 03:33:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
I am seriously considering to fund printing of inet-one digest in local newspaper/rag that CJ can pick up. On a weekly basis.
I'd like to see if pigs will dare fuck him for reading newspapers.
Any pointers to local papers appreciated.

@_date: 2001-12-23 04:12:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: More on remailers 
What do you mean, "no client software"?  How do you propose to get secure
anonymous mail without client software?
A form of 2-way communication is possible already; this exchange is an
example.  Private (one to one) 2-way anonymous communication is harder,
but in many cases it will be practical to use a group as a mediator.
See the various PGP-encrypted posts on sci.crypt to Beale Screamer,
who broke a Microsoft digital licensing scheme.
Exitence of socially beneficial uses is good for political reasons and
perhaps for getting people to run remailers, but has little impact on ease
of attracting users.  Users will be attracted for their own purposes,
whether they are socially beneficial or not.  Harrassment or anonymous
love letters may not be socially beneficial but they are part of what
people want to use remailers for.  You seem to be implying that people
won't want to use remailers for some good purpose just because they have
a bad rep.  Do many people really think that way?
No, but "communicating anonymously" is a *very* important addition to
those other compelling applications you list.  As the RIAA and governments
crack down, people will want a way for people to trade music or porn
without putting their IPs out on the net.  Of course, email is not the
appropriate transport for these applications.  Maybe the conclusion should
be that anonymous email should be seen as a special case of anonymous
communications.  Don't solve anonymous email, solve anonymous comm.
A recent message on coderpunks proposed an alternative way to do
anonymous mail: use pipenet as a transport for ordinary SMTP email.
It was pointed out that timing information could link up the inward and
outward connection in pipenet (a problem for any low-latency, transient
connection).  This could be addressed in part by maintaining several
always-on, constant-traffic dummy channels into the pipenet.
In fact, many remailer users do preferentially choose low-latency
remailers (partially because there tends to be a correlation between low
latency and high reliability).  And it makes online exchanges easier.
Our various "Nomen Nescio" commentators are going through a remailer with
only 5 minute latency.
The problem is that low latency, low enough for chat, file exchange,
web browsing etc. introduces many new technical challenges in terms of
preserving anonymity.  Still it is so much more useful that it would seem
that working on solving those problems would be a better use of effort
than doing anonymous email better.  And as noted above, a remailing
system might result for free.
Again, true with the proviso that it is not anonymous email you want,
but a general form of anonymous connectivity.

@_date: 2001-12-29 03:00:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Afghans Demand End to Bombing 
Heard on the news tonight that the "interim Afghan government" was
demanding an end to the bombing in 3 days, and that all troops
leave in 6 months. Some US general asshole then announced from
Dubbya's ranch in Texass that "we will decide when we'll stop
bombing, and nobody else" and Dubbya says the troops will be
there for a long time.   I love it -- won't it be fun when the Afghans all start killing Yanks? Anybody want to bet on how long it will
be before the first Americans are killed by non-Taliban Afghans?

@_date: 2001-12-29 03:45:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NTBugtraq author says virus authors "terrorists" 
"We need to do this, if for no other reason than to show it's possible (to track virus writers)," Russ Cooper,
editor of security news list NTBugtraq, said. Forget that it may be problematic to extradite the individual, or that they may be young, or claim to be
doing 'research.' We need to catch them, and place them in a position whereby they are seen for what
they are -- a terrorist," Cooper said. "The cost to our businesses, not to mention our way of life, is simply
too high to not pursue these individuals."

@_date: 2001-07-11 20:37:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
Russia sucks.  For one thing, it's damned cold.  Still, if you are
doing something which is annoying to the USG and not the Russians,
Russia is a better deal.  Maybe not the best deal.
It's not the case that all world governments have perfectly
synchronized their witch hunts.
The point is that even in the most important case the FBI handled in a
decade, they couldn't do a basic surveillance job in a friendly
foreign country.  Implication: the same applies to less important
people.  Sheesh.
No standing army, either.  What's the tax system like?  Can people
shoot guns legally?  Net connection?  Will you visit soon?

@_date: 2001-07-18 03:31:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Condit Censured, To Be Flogged 
WASHINGTON, D.C. July 17 (Reuters) - Rep. Gary Condit's popularity
rating took another dip today when the U.S. House of Representatives
voted to censure the errant Congressman and, in a surprise move, to
have him publicly flogged next week at the George Washington Memorial
Whipping Post in the Washington Mall.
"We needed to send a message to the American people that we will no
longer tolerate murderers in high public office in the United States.
We hear what the American people is saying and we want to communicate
in the clearest way possible that the Clinton Era is over." said House
Majority Leader Dick Armey (R.).  "Gary has been asking for this in so
many different ways that I almost think he wants it.  That is my only
Condit has not yet been convicted of murder, so the House acted under
an obscure provision originally intended to keep minors out of the
prison system.  The Congressman will receive ten lashes from a trained
employee of the Bureau of Prisons at high noon, July 23.  After each
stroke, one of the Ten Commandments will be read to, and then repeated
by, Condit.  Should any errors occur, the count will start again from
the beginning.  Government spokesmen were unsure whether the
Commandments were to be read from the King James version of the Bible
or in the original Hebrew.
After the flogging, Condit will be confined to the public stocks for
eight hours to be taunted by the crowd and pelted with rotten produce.
"I don't like Mondays" was Condit's only comment on the sentence.
The family of Chandra Levy, Condit's suspected victim, declined an
invitation to VIP seating at the event.  "We appreciate and empathize
with the sentiment of the U.S. Congress in this matter, but we would
prefer to see the process of law properly followed.  Condit is being
punished for being another lying Bible-thumping scumbag, but he should
be tried and punished for his actual crime.  We would like to know
what happened to our daughter." said Levy's father.
The Levy family has been critical of the handling of the case by the
Washington, D.C. police who are widely seen as having treated it
differently from others.  A D.C. police spokesman has hotly denied
that interpretation, stating "It is the standard practice of our
department to delay searching the home of a prime murder suspect with
political influence for two months and then try to pin the crime on
some black guy, or possibly claim the victim killed him or herself.
Nobody is receiving special treatment."
Condit spokesmen maintain that Condit has been falsely accused and is
the victim of mass hysteria.  "It would be hard to murder any young
attractive woman in this city without finding a squirrely Congressman
somehow involved who would lie about his relationship with her."
Civil libertarians have expressed concern that Condit's punishment
erodes the division between Church and State, a treasured American
tradition.  The ACLU has proposed that the Bill of Rights be
substituted for the Ten Commandments, but has declined to challenge
the punishment in court.  Said a spokesman, "We have defended Nazis,
Klansmen, child molesters, and Communists, but Rep. Condit has sunk so
low that not even the ACLU is willing to touch him no matter what the
merits of the case."  The ACLU is rumored to be considering a
challenge on the grounds that it is "cruel" to permit the Congressman
to keep his life.
The Bill of Rights proposal received a cool reception on Capitol Hill
amid suggestions that Condit is not the only Congressman who would
benefit from learning its provisions in a like manner.

@_date: 2001-08-01 05:28:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Do not taunt happy-fun-court. 
============================== START ==============================
Black Unicorn said:
There are a few cypherpunks probably listening to this who've been smacked
with subpoenas for running remailers.  I think you'll find that the
government is pretty persuasive to third parties like these.  The only
defense (which one administrator of a remailer I won't name was clever
enough to set himself up with) is to say (my paraphrasing) "I don't have
access to those logs or any of that data.  I don't keep such logs and I
never have because it's too much overhead and work."
I suspect I'm the remop being referred to here, so I'll comment:
That defense is valid because it is true. It isn't a contrived excuse for not keeping logs that I conveniently pull out of the wings to protect the anonymity of my users. Keeping logs really is too much of a resource drain on my system.
At some point I will probably begin keeping logs that expire after a period of several hours, so that I can identify and block spammers. I'm interested in your thoughts on this, Uni. Is the defense "I never retain logs longer than 2 hours; they are automatically deleted out of disk space considerations" as string as the first one? (This is how many remailers are configured. But even if the remailers all kept logs, if users are chaining their messages through multiple remailers, anonymity should still be preserved.)
Regardless, I haven't had the time to implement such a system anyway.
My point here is that, if you are going to be using the "off-shore
attorney" system of preserving your data, I think it would be helpful if
there was a legitimate reason for placing your information in the hands of
this other entity (other than protection from the US courts.)

@_date: 2001-06-22 21:02:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Louis Cypher <cypherl@hotmail.com> 
The guy caling himself Louis Cypher is apparently connecting to the Internet from within Mitre.
X-Originating-IP: [129.83.19.1]
Who have you pissed off, Sunder?

@_date: 2001-11-06 19:44:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stun Guns a Firearm? 
What! Care to elborate a bit more on this? When did this get passed,
and what else was made illegal? Paintball guns? Pellet guns? Rocks? Or
only rocks in a sock?   Tim is only too right -- this country is totally fucked.

@_date: 2001-11-07 20:12:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Osama Says 
He should keep his mouth shut. Or at least copyright his speeches and
prevent unauthorised translations.
He seems to be a cross between primitive religious dickhead of the TV-evangelist
sort and a texan politician. But he never got his show, so ...
The fact that a bigot like this can attract some sympathies from the "west"
dissidents (and that's what most cpunks are) tells how bad it became in our
cherished western part of the world.

@_date: 2001-11-11 19:41:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sedition 
Looks like the announcement of the new use of
sedition laws sure put
a damper on the cypherpunks list, eh?

@_date: 2001-11-12 05:35:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sedition 
Whew! I was getting a little worried. Went out and dug up my silenced MP5, then went back and buried it again, did that 3
fucking times this weeked.

@_date: 2001-11-12 05:35:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sedition 
Meditation is very much a part of weapons control. Read Musashi's
"Book of the Five Rings." Many of the Samurai were Zen students, and more than a few were actually Zen masters. Also read Jocho
Yamamoto's book, "The Hagacure", he was a 16th Cent. Zen Samurai/monk.
The book later came to be used as required reading for the glorius "Spirit Wind" pilots in WWII.
   How more noble can a man's life end, then to love his country, or
his cause, his family, his friends -- more than himself?
BlackWing

@_date: 2001-11-24 04:38:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
It's not a matter of unnamed cypherpunks doing a favor, but rather a
proposal offered to see if there is support.  If a few people spoke
up with agreement that such an effort were worth doing, the next step
would be to put together a project, perhaps on sourceforge, and get
some code into play.  But if you run the flag up and no one salutes,
then you should wait for a better idea.
This is the problem of initial distribution.  Ideally there would be some
way to give every person a fixed initial allocation, but in practice this
will allow people to create new identities ("nyms") and get more than
their share.  It seemed that part of MojoNation's reason for backing away
from mojo-as-money was the problem of fairly giving an initial allocation.
Here's an idea which has been proposed before: use hashcash to purchase
e-coins.  Hashcash is a hash collision generated by a certain number of
standard CPU hours of work.  To enter into the ecash economy you could
generate hashcash and send it to the server, getting ecash in exchange.
Ecash is more suitable than hashcash as a form of currency as it can
be transferred and exchanged at the bank with little effort or expense.
But the problem is acquiring the initial ecash without the overwhelming
inflation that Greg Broiles implicitly warns against.  By basing ecash
on hashcash which involves a significant expense to generate, you avoid
In this system, the ecash "bank" would not be a bank at all.  It would
have two functions: give out some ecash given hashcash; and give out
some (fresh) ecash given other ecash.  The latter would use the double
spending database and all that.  If you received some ecash as payment
you would immediately exchange it at the bank which will simultaneously
verify that the cash is good and give you fresh coins for later spending.
The ecash server is simply an exchanger.
These are serious proposals.  With Ben Laurie's lucre library and a
berkeley db for the double spending database, a basic server could be
put together in a few hours' work.  Adam Back's hashcash software can
be used as a client to generate the initial requests.  The basic pieces
are all here, no magic fairies required.
The main question is again whether there exists an initial market which
could be enticed into trying out this package on an experimental basis.

@_date: 2001-11-25 00:33:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? 
Are you aware that fairly explicit instructions were just last week
published on the internet for building basement nukes? Sorry, you are
dead wrong -- the First Amendment has no limits. And anyone who thinks
so plainly needs killing.

@_date: 2001-11-27 03:24:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymizing Scam 
The following message by Lance Cottrell responding to John Young's
accusations was sent to the cypherpunks list but apparently never
appeared here.

@_date: 2001-10-28 10:17:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ignore Me. Really... 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 347 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2002-01-01 22:23:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: plumbing attack 
A high-pressure water cleaner puts out ca. 100 atmospheres of
pressure, and on the other end, can also flatten a hose if the water supply is shut off and the pump is running.
John Y or 100K other structural engineers/architects can probably explain about the multiple-level tanks used in skyscraper hydraulics.  As with microbes, the most insidious poisons are the ones that
take a long time to show symptoms.
Butyric acid squirts from vocal, immature lone wolves is the least of your problems.
Damn, but Empire is expensive.

@_date: 2002-01-01 23:17:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Paris cops raid cybercafes 
Paris cybercafes raided in
shoebomber inquiry By Verena Von Derschau in Paris
01 January 2002
The Paris prosecutor's office opened a judicial inquiry into
Richard Reid, the man accused of trying to blow up an aircraft
with explosives hidden in his shoes, and investigators have
confiscated computers from Paris cybercafis he visited.
The inquiry into a possible charge of "criminal association in
relation to a terrorist enterprise" would cover anyone suspected
of having acted as Mr Reid's accomplice, officials said.

@_date: 2002-01-03 04:45:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Faustine's paranoia index 
What state do you live in?
Your claimed paranoia level goes is beyond most former Intel physicists'.
Have you discussed this with your psychiatrist/handlers?

@_date: 2002-01-07 07:42:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Orange crush 
Total bullshit there crock dog. TCDD is also a breakdown product of both poly-chlorinated phenols like 2,4,D and 2,4,5-T and poly-chlorinated
bi-phenols (PCBs). It really doesn't matter what level tcdd (dioxin) is at time of manufacture, even boiling coffee watere with 245T in it can give
you a load of dioxin.    The agit/prop that we *need* herbicides to produce enough food is
patently absurd. They didn't even exiest 50 years ago, and most farmers
in the world still don't use them. Only the chemically dependant brainwashed, braindead amerikan farmer does, which is why he's quickly
becoming extinct.

@_date: 2002-01-08 03:02:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Orange crush 
cubic-brain drooled:
    Total, absolute, unadulterated bullshit! You must work for the
feds to be able to lie that baldfacedly. There were no agri-chemicals
before WWII. They tried using asenic as an insecticide early on, but gave up on it rather quickly. At any rate, there were certainly no
herbicides before WWII.
  Sounds like the chem lab experiments you did in high school did
a number on your forebrain.   Or maybe you can give us a cite?

@_date: 2002-01-08 04:05:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Spooky noises 
Petro spoke:
   Why wouldn't you keep loaded guns in the house? Guns should always be loaded, and everyone made aware of it. My kids were raised knowing they
were always loaded, and they were never "hidden" or locked up. They also
were allowed to shoot them, and often. They also had guns of their own
which they could shoot and were allowed to play with under supervision.
  I've never, in all my life, as far as I know, ever lived in a house without loaded guns in it. At least as far back as I can remember, my
Daddy's guns were loaded, at least the pistols. Mine always have been,
and always will be. If you raise your kids to be stupid about loaded
guns, or any other dangerous tool -- well, I guess Darwin had a point.

@_date: 2002-01-12 15:56:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gov Deep Net Monitoring 
John, this is hardly worth mentioning and looks just like a smoke cloud
to divert attention from the good old echeloning.
Why a smoke cloud ? Because this lawless monitoring can be "rectified",
banished, and then everything will be OK, right ?
Make no mistake, usg has been sucking *all* the bits from MAE{west,east,*}
for years. The only thing they may need now is justification for collected
information. Decoys a la carnivore and what not.

@_date: 2002-01-15 19:15:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: All your addresses are belong to Microsoft 
in the
course of discovery for the ongoing lawsuit instigated by
Microsoft against Lindows.com, the company was "compelled to disclose your
email address to Microsoft." The email addresses aren't just those who have
submitted product names with a connection to "Windows", but rather "everyone
who had submitted their address asking to be signed up for the Lindows.com
mailing list since we turned on the website," according to email from Robertson.
He adds: "The information which Microsoft received in the list was name, email
address and physical address. It was not just people that posted to our forum,
but basically every address for every person that we had collected."
