
@_date: 2002-07-10 02:12:01
@_author: anonimo arancio 
@_subject: cypherpunks@lne.com 
On reflection, I did not make my situation clear.
I made a fair bit of money in my home country, despite a corrupt kleptocratic government that that does its best to prevent people from earning an honest living.  I came to the US, became a green card holder and made a fair bit more money, and now would like to return to my home, where the cost of living is way lower, the food is much better, the skies are bluer, the ocean is warmer, the girls are prettier, and there is now no way whatever to earn an honest living.  Fortunately I can afford to retire young.
I am considering becoming a US citizen immediately before I leave.  My concern is that if I become a US citizen, the IRS might want to tax me wherever I go.

@_date: 2002-07-11 18:37:52
@_author: anonimo arancio 
@_subject: IP: SSL Certificate "Monopoly" Bears Financial Fruit 
Damn those equestrians and their great horse sense!

@_date: 2002-10-10 02:28:26
@_author: anonimo arancio 
@_subject: Echelon-like... 
This relates to an issue I've wanted to discuss with "Cypherpunks" for several years.
Over the years, I've seen several commentators (including Timothy May) appear suprised when discussing the US's encryption export policies.
The basic argument is that, if good encryption is available overseas or easily downloadable, it doesn't make sense to make export of it illegal.
On the surface this would seem a sensible argument.
ANd, it would seem a purely beaureaucratic (I'm sure I spelled that wrong) error.
But I am wondering if Cypherpunks have mentioned the 'obvious'.
The government knows exactly what it's doing. It wants to discourage the use of encryption by any means necessary, because of sheer numbers.
Basically, the more messages that are encypted, the more hardware (and therefore $$$) will be needed to decrypt them.
Therefore, the only way they can stay ahead of the game is to keep the numbers as low as possible, so they can continue to "outspend" the problem.
This is, from their perspective, a perfectly reasonable approach to decrypting large numbers of messages, a small fraction of which may contain "interesting" information.
Is the above statement a) wrong, b) obvious c) mentioned previously on the cypherpunks boards, or d)"hey! We never thought of that"
