
@_date: 1996-08-19 12:04:32
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Hackers invade DOJ web site 
Did anyone save a copy of the altered web page?  I would like to see
what the crackers did.

@_date: 1996-08-21 13:56:45
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Hackers invade DOJ web site 
All webservers (except maybe Spinner?) are riddled with buffer overrun
bugs and other similar security holes.  If you run a webserver, you
should basically assume that anyone who really wants a shell on your
machine can get one.  Grab your favorite webserver and grep for
Crypto?  Get real.  The lock on the door matters little when you've
left the window wide open.

@_date: 1996-12-10 00:15:42
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
I seem to have upset you, Matt Miszewski, and I am sorry for that.  It
appears to me that the problem we have is that we have different ideas
about what is right and different perceptions of the nature of the
It may appear that I intentionally put words in your mouth.  This is
not the case.  We have different ideas about what is obvious.  I have
made assumptions, but they seemed clear to me.  Apparently, they were
not.  We may still have a fruitful discussion.
I am assuming that you agree that somebody who has earned their money
honestly should be able to lend it to whomever they please for
whatever reason they like.  You call this private lending.  (Please
correct me if I am wrong.)
I believe that five friends should be able to get together, pool their
resources, and lend their money to whomever they like.
I believe that ten, or a hundred, or a thousand people should be able
to pool their money and lend it to whomever they please for whatever
reason they like.
That, essentially, is what a bank is.  I do not believe the government
should dictate which people you, or your bank, are allowed to lend to.
It does not seem reasonable to me to tell people who they may lend
money to on the grounds that some people might have obtained their
money dishonestly.  What would be reasonable would be to charge the
dishonest people with their crimes and return the property to the
rightful owners.
However, we disagree about which regulations are just.
I do not believe that in practice discrimination is clear at all.
If I put up a sign in my store saying "Irish need not apply", then
there is a case.  Usually, it is not so clear.
It is difficult to prove discrimination because merit is so hard to
determine.  Many factors go into a hiring decision.  In the end, it is
usually made on the gut level.  There is really no way to prove that
the decision was discriminatory.
Consider the computer industry.  For whatever reasons, right now there
are very few African-American software engineers who are amongst the
very best.  They exist, but you don't see them very often.  What this
means is that you can't look at the percentage of African-Americans
working for a software company to decide whether the company makes
discriminatory hiring decisions.
We can certainly discuss policy without delving into Title VII and its
repeal.  One advantage of discussing the policy in general is that we
can make statements about entire classes of legislation, rather than
specific laws which should be added or repealed.
No, I told you my opinion.  So far nobody has demonstrated in a
persuasive manner how the poor are disenfranchised.  Consequently, I
believe that disenfranchisement is a small part of the explanation.
It is true that not all rich people use their wealth to their own best
advantage.  I am not claiming that all rich people are greedy and
smart.  What I am claiming is that many rich people are greedy and
will certainly seize opportunities that are presented to them.
Let's say one in a thousand rich people is willing to exploit the
inefficiencies of the home mortgage market.  This represents a vast
pool of capital which we are not seeing in "redlined" areas, if what
you say is true.  When people with capital so universally avoid an
investment, my first thought is not that every last one of them is a
racist.  My first thought is that it is not a good investment.
(My next thought is "Gee, if they're wrong, I could make a lot of
You asked me how poor people could save money.  I believe I have
answered the question.  I am sorry if I have pursued an irrelevant
line of inquiry.
You have no idea of my race or my friends.  Yet, it appears that you
are making some assumptions based on a few thousand bytes of text.
Actually, I believe my own experience of being poor and living with
poor people.  I am prepared to believe that my experience was unusual,
but you will have to provide some evidence, anecdotal at the very
I may be the most terrible person in the world.  It is not relevant to
this discussion, is it?
I like to think I am not an idiot.  Fortunately, you say little here
that makes me think I am.
You might find it more effective to explain in what way I am an idiot.
Remember, I and the thousands of other people who read this list may
not necessarily know what you know.  It may be that some of us only
lack a little explanation or a little helping hand to start us on the
road from idiocy.
How will I learn if you call me an idiot instead of explaining your
other views?  That may be effective in convincing people who already
agree with you, but it is not a way to win converts.  When you mention
escaping from the killing fields, I simply have no idea what you are
talking about.  (I do not say this to be insulting.)
I can only tell you what I have seen.
If a theory does not work out in reality it is not of much use.
Next time you are in the bookstore, flip through the book.  It's not
what you think it is.  You'll like it.  Really.
I outlined a plan which would not require you to put up any money of
your own.  As an attorney, you have a tremendous advantage because you
don't have to pay legal fees.
Your own debt burden doesn't matter much if the holding company
borrows the money.  You can give your investors control of the company
and just take commissions on every mortgage you create.
That's nice.  I mean that.  But, if the inefficiency you are pointing
at is as large as you say, there should be an opportunity to make many
millions of dollars.  Surely, you could do some good with all that
money.  And, imagine what effect you would have if you did make
yourself rich lending to poor people who are subjected to irrational
discrimination.  Maybe some other rich people would get the good idea.
Now who is making an ad hominem attack?
In this discussion I am arguing for greater human freedom and you are
not.  You have more in common with the slaver than I do, sir.
What are you talking about?
It causes harm if you believe people have an obligation to work with
everybody.  I don't believe this.  Let's say somebody likes only
Albanians and hates everybody else.  I would rather that person spent
his or her time with Albanians and not with me.  No harm done.  What
is more, I believe I have no moral right to demand that person spend
time with me if they don't want to do so, for whatever reason,
including discrimination.
Change is not in and of itself a blessing or a curse.  Positive change
is a blessing.  Redlining laws are nothing new.  Cryptoanarchy is.
The "funny" I had in mind was that it wasn't such a good investment,
not that lawyers are universally corrupt.  The fear that potential
investors have is not that the "poor people are planning something",
but that they are not planning anything and will be unable to pay back
the money they borrow.
But the mortgage market is huge.  And, we have inner cities all over
the U.S.  If you there are large areas which are completely unserviced
by lending institutions, this is a huge opportunity.
I am prepared to hear that there are barriers to entry.  What are
Could this be considered an ad hominem attack?
If you knew where Red Rackham got his name, you would find it amusing.
No, good ROI does not mean good investment.  "Past performance does
not guarantee future results."  An investor cares about future
results.  What happens to mortgages in poor areas during the next
BTW, what reasons did your prospective investors give for declining?
This wouldn't surprise me much.  But, aren't student loans typically
cosigned, often by the government?  I hope the problem is obvious.
If people (e.g., banks) want to lend their money to high default rate
groups, I won't object unless it's my money.
Incidentally, I do see poor people taking their groceries on the bus.
Usually, poor people know somebody with a car.  But, let's say they
don't.  There are all sorts of delivery and shipping services
available.  Taxi services, for instance, usually have a few vans
around for hauling things.  And, there are grocery delivery services.
You could probably find a store which would throw in delivery if
enough goods were moving.  Say it costs $20 (you take the bus there),
that's not much when spread over a thousand dollars of food.
It doesn't require a microloan.  The other families could give their
friends the money and save the trip.
I don't believe I have said anything about the management of oil
companies or glass ceilings.
The reason most people are poor is because they are not functioning
well in their environment.  I am prepared to hear otherwise, but this
has been my experience.
Would it make a lot of sense for me to try this?  I'm the one arguing
that investors probably know what they are doing.
Well, good for you.  I mean that sincerely.  Doing well, I trust?
Perhaps I misunderstood.  Didn't you say that you were involved with a
mortgage program for poor people and were unable to find any
Please explain in greater detail how the dynamic of power works in
this situation.  I am truly interested, but your one line sentence
gives me little to go on.
I was not proposing that successful African-Americans "help out" their
old neighborhoods.  Rather, I was proposing that they would be able to
see the opportunity and exploit it to the benefit of all parties.
"Greed is good."
Yes, it appears I did make an assumption.  Every redlining discussion
I have seen in the past concerned African-Americans and this caused me
to make a careless statement.  My apologies.
Getting back to the point, you have failed to explain how banks get
away with their discriminatory practices.  I think the markets see
redlining as damage and route around it.  Why do you believe this is
not happening?
(Astute observers will notice that this thread really does concern the
cypherpunk list.  Summary: Cryptoanarchy will loosen or even eliminate
controls on the flow of capital.  This benefits anybody who is
otherwise shut out of the system, including poor people.)
Let's consider some laws we could make to stop redlining.  "You will
not draw red lines on maps around neighborhoods where you will not
make loans."  In practice, you will not find the maps and it will be
hard to prove the case.  The banks will make a few loans in the areas
they have redlined just to comply with the law.
The next law will be more complicated.  The government has to dictate
how many loans in what amounts are to be made where.  This is known in
other countries as "central planning".  It has a poor track record.
You may counter, "But you said it would be hard to define and then you
said it could be defined."  I believe that this sort of "law"
stretches the meaning of the phrase the "rule of law" because the
government is not constrained in any way.  It dictates the bank's
In practice, I think the way it works is that a bank has to make loans
to the same area where it received deposits.  It is unclear whether
this benefits poor people who are good credit risks, but it definitely
punishes poor people who want to deposit money because it makes it a
less attractive market in which to offer banking services.  The
consequence is that many poor people keep their cash around the house.
Naturally, this leads to increased theft and greater difficulty in
The law has the effect of saying "Poor people can only lend their
money to other poor people."  I find it hard to believe that his
benefits the poor or was intended to do so.
It's a pretty easy investigation.  I doubt it costs much.  You've
already heard what I have to say about opportunities.
Maybe you can help me with some history.  Didn't the government have
something to do with enforcing slavery laws?  Perhaps I missed
Usually, we want the government to tell other people what to do and to
leave ourselves alone.  Since I respect the desire other people have
to make decisions about their lives, I oppose most governmental
You did not give the appearance of agreeing with me.  For instance:
While you did not state it explicitly, in the context above I
interpreted this to mean that you supported laws which restricted the
use banks make of information they obtain from their clients.
In other words, people are not allowed to tell each other what they
know.  That does not seem like a good idea.
What you discovered was that I strongly disagree with your point of
view.  That does not mean that I am not interested in what you have to
But let's assume the worst: I am terrible person and I am only using
you to disseminate my own political ideas.  You may find that
patiently demonstrating the flaws in my thinking or how my beliefs are
unfounded in reality is more effective at persuading other people.  As
it is, it appears that you are evading the questions I raise.  The
views I hold are not uncommon in the United States.  I have to think
that you would do the world a service by exposing their flaws, if
there are any.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-10 13:05:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
I can imagine a bank whose depositors are not known.  I can also
imagine a bank which itself operates anonymously.
How would people borrow money against real estate and remain
anonymous?  It seems to me that the borrower cannot do so if the real
estate will act as collateral.
Also, how would an anonymous bank foreclose on a mortgage?
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-10 17:47:24
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
Naturally, I agree with Jim.
To expand on his comments, if it is acceptable to lend your money to
whomever you like, surely it must be acceptable to lend your money to
other people on whatever terms you like.  These terms could be "I will
lend you this money on the condition that you lend it only to
pure-blooded Albanians."
The reason organizations are subjected to controls has only to do with
what is feasible.  The people who want to control these organizations
would be quite happy to dictate to individuals what they may do with
their money.  Fortunately, this is not practical.
Historically, many societies have not allowed the formation of
organizations without governmental approval.  For instance, in
pre-Revolutionary France, it was not even possible to form a club
without official sanction.  The Monarchy made a major concession when
it permitted the free formation of clubs.  It may also have been a
strategic blunder, as the clubs immediately became the focus of
Revolutionary political activity.
I believe that in many Medieval and Renaissance societies, even
something as simple as a market could not be established without
One of the great ideas of the modern age is that people have the right
to form organizations.  It should probably be in the Bill of Rights.
(We do have the right to "peaceably assemble", but that is not as
general as the right to organize.)
You are completely correct that control of human organizational
activity is the hallmark of a totalitarian state.
Back to redlining, it is typically minority groups which are the most
prone to lending only to their own group.  This has been said about
Jewish people, although I haven't seen it in practice.  (Perhaps this
was true a few centuries ago?)  An excellent modern example is the
Korean-American community.  There is a custom to form pools of capital
between small numbers of friends, five would be a typical number.  One
friend is appointed to set up and run the business.  There are very
powerful social prohibitions against failure and consequent loss of
capital.  Very seldom is one of the group anything but Korean.  My
understanding is that this works quite well.  It is hard to find
anything objectionable in the practice.
But what is it that we want to make illegal?  Bigotry is not a well
defined term.  Generally what we object to is people drawing the
"wrong" conclusions about other groups of people.  Certainly, we do
not believe that we should dictate what conclusions people should
draw, any more than we believe we should dictate what they may say.
Do we then believe that we should outlaw the actions they take based
on these beliefs?  So long as the people in question are doing no
harm, I propose we leave them alone to live their lives.
Ironically, I have found that those who are most vocal on the subject
of bigotry are most prone to it themselves.  It isn't okay to make
statements of your belief regarding Albanians - especially poor
Albanians - but it is okay to make any statement about yuppies,
preppies, geeks, nerds, Libertarians, Objectivists, or any other sort
of approved "those people" groups.
I'm sure many readers of this list have had conversations which
abruptly end with "Are you a Libertarian?", which is generally
completely irrelevant to the point under discussion.  What is
happening is that the other person is more interested in knowing your
tribal identification than what you believe.  A pity.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-10 22:11:06
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [OFF-TOPIC]Re: PICS is not censorship 
Your argument has grown tiresome.
Now is the time on cypherpunks when we dance.

@_date: 1996-12-11 03:16:24
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
The way you protect your home address is by using another address for
work which is not your home.  The way I would do this is to find a
mail box service which offers addresses that look like a home.
A homeless person might find somebody with a home (like you) who will
receive their work related mail for them.
A "phone" is easy to get, too.  You can get a telephone number which
is linked to a voicemail box.  You can even get this number listed in
the telephone book, if you like.  The cost of this service should be
less than twenty dollars a month.  If you want to go wild, you can get
a pager linked voicemail number.  This means your pager goes off when
you get a message.  Handy.
But, even this small expense may be out of reach of a homeless person
or a homeless advocate.  What you can do is get a second line for your
home and keep it unlisted.  Then, give it to your homeless friends for
work related purposes.  If the number is only used for work messages,
you could probably handle over a hundred people on this one line.
As for the social security number, it has been claimed many times on
this list that nobody checks them anyway.  There are programs which
generate real-appearing numbers.  (I think one was called "ssn.exe".)
And, you can go to the SSA to find out somebody's SS number or to have
one issued.  It will take awhile.
This gives the appearance that you are avoiding the points I raised.
My conclusion is that your views are indefensible.  Having described
my views on the poor as "idiotic", I think it is in poor taste to
withdraw from the field without justifying your claim.
Cryptoanarchy is not friendly to schemes to prohibit racial
discrimination.  Indeed, it is unfriendly to any scheme which attempts
to control the relationships between people.
It would be nice if everybody in the U.S. was not a racist.  It would
be nice if all the bad people just left.
But, of course, I don't subscribe to the notion that market efficiency
is the best means of determining policy.  For one thing, concepts such
as efficiency and production are politically defined.  If I grow food
for myself, it does not affect GDP figures.  If I trade the food for
money and buy something, then the same production increases GDP.  This
is not sensible.
More importantly, I don't believe that market efficiency, however
measured, is sufficient justification for dictating other people's
actions.  "Market efficiency" is a gambit to conceal dictatorial
powers in a scientific cloak.
Discussions of market efficiency typically overrule the preference
that citizens have.  One could imagine that a study that concluded
alcohol consumption reduced national efficiency and should therefore
be banned.  Yet, this completely fails to take into account the strong
preference many people have to drink.  Some even consider it to be a
religious sacrament.  I don't believe such preferences should be
ignored.  They should be respected.
Likewise, if somebody just cannot stand Albanians, we should respect
their preference even though we may personally disagree with it and
even though we may believe it makes the annual GDP number lower.
I am not sure exactly what "costly ... in personal measures" means.
If you mean that somebody who will not speak with Albanians is
deprived of rewarding friendships they might otherwise have, that is
probably true.  On the other hand, the Albanian-hater will not see it
that way.  That is his or her tough luck.
Just for the record, I can imagine that racial prejudice could have a
slight effect on mortgage prices (i.e, interest).  But, since the CMO
revolution, I am inclined to believe that effect will be quite small
and is probably unnoticeable.
Just for the record, I am not advocating "industry self-policing".
Policing is what I disagree with.
All you have really said is "I believe X."  Should we take your belief
on faith or are there reasons which underly your beliefs?
Yet, you are doing something very similar when you raise the issue of
"a libertarian's ideal society".  Likewise, you criticized Tim May for
having (roughly) "too absolute a theory".  In either case, you are
avoiding substantive discussion, preferring to make prejudicial
Here we are discussing some very specific policies and their ethical
implications.  There is no need to raise the specter of the
"libertarian ideal society".  One nice thing about Libertarian-style
discussions is that most of the policies are separable; that is, we
can discuss redlining without discussing highway privatization.  This
makes a nice contrast to other styles of discussion in which the
proposed scheme only works if everybody participates.  The most
extreme example was Marxism where it was claimed that it would fail if
the entire world was not Marxist.
"In the house"?  This appears to be an American idiom which I haven't
learned yet.
I used the word "forewarned" once.  I said that it would be hard to
believe that even wealthy African-Americans were racist in their
lending practices.  I still find it hard to believe.
It may surprise you to know that I am not all the interested in
whether you call yourself a Libertarian.
Your reluctance to discuss the nature of the harm you perceive does
not give the impression that you have good reasons for your
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-11 11:08:42
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Redlining Topic 
A discussion of redlining is very much on topic for cypherpunks.
Capital markets and their (alleged) inefficiencies are very close to
the heart of cypherpunk thinking.  A thread we haven't pursued, but
will likely get to, is the ways in which inefficiencies are typically
introduced by the government, even in the case of redlining.  After
that point is made, a discussion of the ways in which cryptoanarchy
will circumvent governmental scheming will certainly be germane to
this forum.
Discussions of the nature of bigotry and racial discrimination lie
very close to the cypherpunk thinking.  In a cryptoanarchy it will be
very hard to enforce our ideas of what other people should think.
Affirmative action, anti-redlining laws, etc., will likely become far
less effective.  Disaster?  No, a blow struck for human dignity and
Similarly, allegedly well-meaning programs to help the poor through
seizure of other people's assets will not do well in a cryptoanarchy.
Is this a terrible outcome?  Not really.  The reasons why are worth
discussing and they are worth discussing in this forum.
The cypherpunks list benefits from a wide ranging discussion.  This
was one of the original ideas of the group and is, presumably, why it
is a completely open mailing list.  These sorts of complaints are
particularly inappropriate now that there are two other restrictive
mailing lists available for those who want them.  One is coderpunks.
The other is Perry Metzger's cryptography list.
A wide ranging discussion is beneficial because it allows us to truly
explore our ideas.  Not only do we then achieve a deeper
understanding, but completely new ideas also arise.  "Let a hundred
flowers bloom, let a hundred schools of thought contend."
I note that in your comments above, you couldn't resist making a
comment which is, apparently in your view, off topic.  I would
encourage you to pursue these ideas.  You obviously find them
Rather than making killjoy comments, which do nothing to promote the
discussion, perhaps you should consider posting long thoughtful posts
which you believe would raise the level of discourse in this forum.
Barring that, learn how to use a killfile.  You can killfile on
subject line.  You can killfile on origin.  (I sign my posts
consistenly, so they can be killfiled, even though I am posting
through the remailers.)
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-11 14:13:18
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
Abhorrent?  To the extent that stupidity is repugnant, I suppose you
are right.  However, I find it interesting that we are taught to see
racism in terms of morals.  The basic tone seems to be "Oh, we really
shouldn't say such things ... even if they are true."  What you don't
hear very often is how racists miss out on friendships and valuable
life experiences.  Why not?  Because typically the people condemning
racism do not, in their hearts, believe it is worth knowing people in
certain racial groups.
Imagine a company which avoided hiring good people for dumb reasons.
Why is this any different from any other foolish decision?  Leave the
abhorring to the company's poor stockholders.  But, of course, many of
the people who are doing the abhorring are unable to picture members
of certain racial groups being great people to hire.  (My comments are
directed to the world at large and not drose at AZStarNet.com)
Rather than promoting abhorrence for racism, it would be more
constructive to discuss reality itself.  This happens infrequently.
Instead, we are encouraged to pretend reality is something other than
what we believe.  Topics of the African-American crime problem are
considered to be inappropriate, yet it is a very real component of
American urban life.
Discouragement of thought and discussion is another hallmark of a
totalitarian society.  Thought and discussion are not conducive to
blind obedience.
Ironically, most African-Americans are better equipped to discuss
their beliefs about racial groups than their "educated" "defenders".
For example, check out the "Last Poets".  You won't agree with
everything these people have to say, but there is no question that
they are speaking their minds, often brilliantly.  (I consider the
poem "Niggers Are Afraid of Revolution" to be their chef-d'oevre.)
Another example can be found in the movie "Crumb".  Much, if not all,
of Crumb's work is unpopular amongst the "politically correct", often
on the grounds that he is racially prejudiced.  Crumb reports that
African-Americans never object to his work and often give him positive
feedback.  Clearly, the people Crumb is talking to have the
sophistication to recognize his advanced use of satire and courageous
exploration of topics forbidden for discussion in American society.
(Let me add that remailers are great.  I would be reluctant to express
these ideas in any other way for professional reasons.)
African-Americans have clearly added a great deal to American culture.
The great musical achievement of the 20th century is jazz and it was
primarily developed by African-Americans.  Jazz holds its own
intellectually against any other genre of music from any time.
Interestingly, jazz did not originate in an elite, like most great
cultural achievements.  It was developed by an oppressed minority
which had only limited access to surplus resources.  Jazz was
developed in an astonishingly short time, really just a few decades.
Most "cultured" Americans would give their eye teeth to go back in
time and meet Mozart and his friends.  Yet, a short time ago people
capable of comparable achievements were available in the United
Jazz has not received the recognition that it deserves in the United
States.  In Europe, jazz musicians are given something more like
the respect they have earned.  This is not to the credit of
the United States.
(Those who don't believe me should get "Love Supreme" by John Coltrane
and listen to it carefully about 20 times.  There are layers and
layers of depth and meaning.  Those who are accustomed to more
organized forms of music will initially hear a sloppy performance.
This is hard to understand because these are some of the most
technically accomplished musicians who have ever lived.  hat they are
doing is stretching medium and extending the range of meaning which
can be expressed.  Particularly fascinating is how well the apparent
sloppiness of each musician dovetails so well with what the others are
doing.  This is challenging, to say the least.  The relationship with
his God that Coltrane expresses is quite different from the one
usually hears.  Mozart, Bach, et al, have a tendency to fawn.
Coltrane expresses a more intimate (dare I say "anarchistic"?)
The canonical jazz musician spends hours and hours of work every day
developing his technique, mostly through the love of the art, much
like many of us do with computer programming.
At any rate, those who wish to enlighten their fellows on the subject
of racism can do better than "it's just wrong."
I'm afraid this misses the points that Matt and I have been
discussing.  Matt believes that redlining betrays the fiduciary
responsibility of the banks.  I believe that it doesn't matter.  That
is, if you want to go to a bank which is riskier and pays lower
interest because it avoids good business, that is your problem.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-11 15:07:09
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
At 11:25 AM 12/11/1996, Douglas Barnes wrote an excellent article:
This more true than ever before.  Nowadays, banks commonly find
themselves in the mortgage origination business.  Once a mortgage is
originated, it is packed up with many similar mortgages and sold off
as a CMO.  This means the bank can specialize in what it is good at,
rather than speculating in interest risk.
The CMO market is intensely competitive.  Many people spend a lot of
time looking for misperceptions of default rates and the like.
Traders are not racists when they are trading, God bless their greedy
souls.  If it is really the case that mortgages are not being
originated irrationally, there is an unbelievable opportunity.
Originating mortgages does not require a great deal of capital and the
turn around of what investment is needed should be well under a year.
I would add that the purpose of the regulation is generally not to the
benefit of customers, but the banking guild.  Increased legislation
and control favors people who can afford lawyers or have the political
connections to prevent the need for lawyers.  Regulation favors the
established and not the poor Albanians.
Opening a bank should be as easy as forming a corporation.  There have
been brief periods in U.S. history when this was the case.  I have
heard it worked quite well.  Curiously, preferred stock in the banks
was such a liquid market that it became treated as cash.  Instead of
making a deposit, you could buy some preferred stock.  Note that this
solves rather elegantly the problem of bank runs.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-11 15:15:28
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
Didn't Tim May originate the "Generation of Science" thread or,
earlier, the sliderule thread?  I don't think either topic can said to
be strictly cypherpunk unless a discrete logarithm sliderule has been
The truth is that I enjoyed those threads as did most others on the
list.  I would like to see more like them.  And, I dare say that my
posts are more worthwhile than 7 out of 8 posts we've been seeing on
the list lately.
Point 1: You obviously find the subject interesting enough to comment
on it.  Others probably also find it interesting.
Point 2: Excuse me if I am wrong, but your comments look to me to be
precisely on topic for this list, anyway.
This obsession of "on topic/off topic" is not healthy for the list.
It stifles brainstorming and the free exchange of ideas.
Red Rackham
P.S. Sorry for the length of some of the messages.  That Miszewski had
the temerity to actually stand up for his beliefs, so it was

@_date: 1996-12-11 15:46:55
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
By the way, on this
Tim May is to be commended for making this fine point.  I simply had
not thought of this possibility.  This is also empirical evidence of
the worth of a wide ranging discussion.  If Matt and I hadn't pursued
our discussion, this excellent point would not have been made.
As Tim has pointed out, it is time to reconsider our beliefs regarding
the morality of discrimination.  The fact is, sometimes we like to
spend time with people who have a lot in common with ourselves.  This
often supports a higher level of communication because the parties
involved really understand where the other is coming from.
This is true of men in the locker room, women, Albanians, or whomever.
And what is occuring is not even a bad thing.  It's good for people to
spend time with people they like and respect or at least know well.
("No man is a hero to his valet.")
The "politically correct" fully recognize this.  That is why they see
gay groups, feminist groups, etc. as worthwhile.  It is only people
perceived as successful or powerful who are not supposed to associate
with each other.  Instead, they are expected to volunteer their time
and personalities for everyone else's benefit.  Somehow we never hear
what they are supposed to receive in return for this, but I am
guessing they are supposed to lovingly accept rudeness, abuse, and
guilt for their services.
Tim said in another message that there are times when discrimination
is rational.  I have no doubt this is true.  How often do we look at a
degree from MIT on a resume and hire?
The degree to which we fear cryptoanarchy is the degree to which we
fear leaving people alone to run their lives as they see fit.  I do
not greatly fear cryptoanarchy.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-11 18:12:32
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
You don't have time to explain your beliefs, but you do apparently
have the time to call me an idiot and, now, to tell me that I am
intellectually dishonest.  Since you don't know much about me, the
best you can claim is that I am inconsistent.  I am afraid I cannot
accept an apology which is prefaced by an insult.
When somebody doesn't have time to address my concerns, it does not
have much effect on my thinking.  I will continue to believe as I did
before.  This behaviour is not uncommon.
I would not propose committing fraud.  I do not understand who would
be defrauded by giving an employer an incorrect social security
number.  The company pays the salary either way.
Giving a false SS number is the fastest way for these people to get
employed and get something to eat.
No, this is exactly what I've been asking for.  In fact, I explicitly
suggested that anecdotal evidence based on your experience would have
I don't believe I saw it the first time.
I have not stated this.  You have concluded, erroneously, that because
I am opposed to certain regulations, I am opposed to all.
You are actually objecting to my beliefs, not my honesty.  And, I
don't get the impression that you really understand my beliefs.
In order for failure to get a loan to cause harm, there must be some
sort of expectation that one has a claim on the money being lent.
I do not subscribe to that belief.  I do not understand how my money
suddenly becomes controllable by somebody else because I decide to
lend it.
No, the point I am making is that it should be legal to be unpleasant
so long as you are minding your business.  So, employment
discrimination should be legal, but burning a cross in somebody's lawn
is a shooting offense.  (Preferably on the lawn in question soon after
the defense.)
I think a lot about what is right and wrong.  I am skeptical of
proposals which say "We want to do the right thing and help poor
people, but we want to do it with somebody else's money."
If somebody writes a detailed book arguing that a brutal slave regime
is efficient, I do not say "Maybe if the regime was a little less
brutal, we could still have some efficiency.  We must make tradeoffs."
Rather, I ask how much money we would have to pay somebody to live the
life of a slave.  Suddenly, it doesn't look so "efficient" as it did
This example may appear contrived.  It is not.  A detailed statistical
study of slavery was done in the 1970s.  I believe it was called "Time
on the Cross".  Many people believed that the authors had demonstrated
that slavery was efficient.  The theory was that the slave owners
acted as professional management, seldom exercised brutal punishment,
and that in general everybody was better off, sort of.  (One of the
authors later won a Nobel prize.)
I was taught in school that Irish factory workers and laborers often
had it worse than the slaves because nobody valued their welfare.
(Slaves were quite expensive.)  The example that is given over and
over again, is a canal which was dug with Irish labor because of the
risk of disease from a nearby swamp.
The problem with this model is that there is no evidence of Irish
workers and laborers rushing southward to volunteer to be slaves.  You
would almost think there was something wrong with slavery!
The way I generally think about policy is to consider the preferences
that people have and consider whether they are respected.  I believe
the basis of legitimacy for a government is that it protects people's
What I think is most likely is that, like so many others, you have
accepted terms like "market efficiency" without thinking through
precisely what they mean.
Every employer is a creation of the state?  This certainly explains
why we draw different conclusions.  If I hire some homeless fellow to
dig some post holes and do other work on my property, it is difficult
to understand how the state has created me.
I don't really care how bad alcoholism is.  I certainly don't own
other people and, thus, cannot dictate how they take care of their
bodies, or fail to do so.  Often we see expressions of concern used as
a justification for any degree of control which can be imagined.
While you are opposed to Prohibition, in principle you believe that
your "care" is justification for rather extreme control over the
choices of others.
I generally favor governmental interference when somebody is not being
left alone and is being interfered with in some way by others.  What
causes me to doubt my wisdom is the fact that the government is the
primary instigator of these problems.  As it is today, half of what I
earn is taken away for no good reason and put to no good use.
This is still too abstract.  What I would be interested in hearing is
specific examples.
What puzzles me is that when I mentioned the failure of poor people to
pursue these beneficial practices you said my comments were "idiotic".
Now you appear to be saying that I was right, but that poor people
lack the self-confidence to do these things.  Please explain.
I suspect you are right, by the way, that poor people lack
self-confidence and fail to really play the game.
I am sorry if I misinterpreted what you meant.  Given that you also
use the phrase "libertarian wet dream", I concluded that "libertarian
ideal society" was also derogatory.
Yes, I generally believe that people who disagree with me are wrong.
If I believed otherwise I would change my mind!  (And sometimes I do.)
Saying "I am not a Libertarian" does not tell me much about your
underlying political philosophy.  I would expect to see something
along the lines of "We are a community.  We have obligations to each
other... etc. etc" Of course, I have no idea if that actually is your
And I have explained, in glorious detail, why I disagree with you.  I
have not said that you are inconsistent because you do not subscribe
to the ideal libertarian society.  I am not sure what such a society
would be.
No, please tell me about your political philosophy.  I am not asking
which political party you vote for - I am more interested in why you
vote for it.
Now this is real progress.  Glad to see it.
I am curious why people hire an African-American person in the first
place if they are just going to fire them later.  That doesn't make
sense to me.  (And, no, I am not being sarcastic, I would like to hear
an explanation.)
I think the personal harm is in the minds of your clients.  If you are
fired and your manager says "it's because you're black", this does not
have to be depressing.  It says a lot about the manager and nothing
about the employee at all.  It must be worse to have your manager tell
you that you are a fuck-up and an incompetent and that you can't get
your act together and have to be fired.
The real problem is that a lot of people have accepted some bad ideas.
There is still an idea that there is something wrong with being an
African-American rather than recognizing that, maybe, some unsavory
characters live in the United States.
I also fail to understand why anybody would want to work for a racist,
even if you can force the relationship on the employer.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-11 18:28:00
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
I have personal experience with cases where the lender (actually the
company which bought the loan) misrepresented a loan default
apparently in order to get reimbursed by the government.  The
government requires the lenders to make a certain number of contacts
with the borrower before declaring a default.  In this case, the
lender simply lied about the contacts.  Payments had been interrupted
as a consequence of confusion relating to the change in procedure when
the loan was sold.  One presumes that this was not accidental and that
somebody had a roaring little business going.
I have no trouble believing that the student loan market would quickly
dry up were the government to get out of the business.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-12 10:13:50
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Redlining 
Actually, there's nothing funny about the suppression of free speech.
What I fear is being dragged into a baseless "discrimination" lawsuit
if I should ever hire somebody from a "protected class" and find that
their employment needs to be terminated.  Note that the "protected
classes" constitute the overwhelming majority of the US population.
Is this a joke?  How can we pass a law telling people to like
somebody's music?  Respect cannot be legislated.  It must be earned.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-12 11:42:46
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Social Security Fraud 
To which Matthew J. Miszewski replied:
As Mr. Miszewski is clearly too busy to answer my question, perhaps
some of the lawyers on the list will be kind enough to help me out.
Under what conditions is it fraudulent to give the wrong social
security number?
It seems to me that in the case of an employee giving the wrong number
to his employer, the only person that suffers is the employee through
loss of future payments from the Social Security Administration.  The
employer certainly doesn't suffer.  Assume that the income tax is
What laws would an employee violate?  What are the chances of
conviction?  What are the likely penalties if convicted?
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-12 14:12:33
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: In Defense of Anecdotal Evidence 
Statistics are a useful tool, but they have their problems.  Their
accuracy is often in doubt.  Most scientific data comes with an error
analysis so you can tell what the figure means.  For some reason
statisticians never do this so we cannot tell whether their numbers
are accurate to within 0.1%, 1.0%, 10%, or even worse.
There are many other problems.  For instance, users of statistics
assume they have a random sample, even in cases where that is far from
Social statistics are a black art.  There was a study awhile back
which claimed gun ownership reduced violent crime.  That is a
surprising result.  It was apparently obtained by subtracting out all
the other factors that could explain the differences in the areas
studied.  This process must involve some real stretches statistically.
I can't imagine how cultural differences are determined and
subtracted - I assume it is a subjective process.
Another problem with statistics is that they are difficult to verify.
We may wish to verify the information in cases of deception -
sometimes well meaning - but also for cases of statistical
incompetence.  It is also hard to explore the details of the study if
the authors are unavailable.
The advantage of first hand experience is that it is primary evidence.
You know it's true because you were there and saw it.
The advantage of anecdotal evidence (in the sense we have been using
it) is that the person who is telling you the anecdote was there and
saw it.  You can cross-examine them and get a full understanding of
the evidence provided.
Specific examples, that is anecdotal evidence, also provide a nice
framework for discussing our abstract beliefs about what is morally
right or wrong, or what various parties should be expected to do or
say in particular situations.  Specific examples also make it possible
for the participants in the conversation to deepen their own
understanding of their experiences.  You might have seen something and
interpreted it in a particular way.  Somebody else might be able to
show you how you misinterpreted what you saw.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-13 01:15:29
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
26 USC 7205(a), "Any individual required to supply information to his employer under section 3402 who willfully supplies false or fraudulent information . . shall, in addition to any other penalty provided by law, upon conviction thereof, be fined not more than $1,000, or imprisoned not more than 1 year, or both."
42 USC 408(a)(7)(A), "Whoever for the purpose of obtaining (for himself or any other person) any payment or any other benefit to which he (or such other person) is not entitled, or for the purpose of obtaining anything of value from any person, or for any other purpose . . with intent to deceive, falsely represents a number to be the social security account number assigned by the Secretary to him or to another person, when in fact such number is not the social security account number assigned by the Secretary to him or to such other person . . shall be guilty of a felony and upon conviction thereof shall be fined under title 18 or imprisoned for not more than five years, or both." and 8 USC 1324a(b) requires that employers force employees to fill out a form to document citizenship status, and the form currently in use (INS I-9) requests a social security number.

@_date: 1996-12-13 14:26:22
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: In Defense of Anecdotal Evidence 
Hats off to Rob Carlson for a great article!
Excellent point.
On the other hand, if everybody operates correctly based on their own
(non-random) experience in general the right outcomes will occur.
This is rational if the tertiary statistical evidence is unreliable.
What you are implicitly assuming is that the studies one reads were
done honestly and competently.  Yet, the chain of evidence is rather
weak.  Typically, we don't even know the people who did the study.
Given the many contradictory results obtained by social statisticians,
we have substantial evidence that there is something wrong with their
methods or their application.
Another way to judge the experts is through selected in depth studies
of their work.  I have not found the results to be encouraging.
Occasionally we may teach somebody else about something they observed
and change their mind.  This is not the same thing as proof, but it
is worthwhile.
In other cases, we may have beliefs about the integrity of our
observer.  We may believe that they will not intentionally lie.  That
means we can separate out their interpretations from the exact details
they can recall.
Even if our correct interpretation is not accepted by the observer,
that does not imply that we can learn nothing of interest.
I should make clear that I have not ruled out statistical evidence as
a tool.  We have to be aware of its limitations.
Actually, it is cheaper and easier to develop an understanding of the
reliability of anecdotal evidence.  Often we may have known the
observer for some time and be able to form theories about their
character and ability to accurately interpret what they have seen.
We can ask them what they saw on different occasions and see if we get
about the same story back.  We can think about whether the person has
intentionally lied in the past and, if so, under what circumstances.
We can ask ourselves what motivation the person might have to lie.
Is there any benefit to giving a particular story?
What needs are satisfied by the white cloaked priests of social
science?  Which of their needs are satisfied by their work?  Very few
of these people are independent.  They are often paid by people whose
interest in the truth is in question.  That means that the temptation
to fudge (and humans find ways to rationalize such actions) is very
powerful.  The people preparing the statistical studies are often
interested in the fame associated with career advancement.  None of
this is conducive to the search for truth.
I have serious doubts about these methods.  I am not a statistician,
so there is a possibility that I am simply ignorant.
However, I would expect that if these methods of determining the
accuracy of the statistics were effective, that it would be possible
to provide some sort of error analysis.
When we get a figure for the GDP we know that it is highly unlikely to
be exactly correct.  What is the probability that it is low by 10%?  I
fail to see how the figure can even be useful without this
In the case of a complex study involving the measure of biases to
adjust the final conclusions, it would be most useful to discuss the
probability that the bias was not measured correctly.  This must
surely affect our final results, especially when many biases and other
measurements are combined.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-13 14:56:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Appropriate Topics for Cypherpunks 
I'm sure Rob Carlson already realizes this, but just in case let's be
very clear that a discussion of the value of anecdotal evidence is so
on topic to this list that it isn't funny.
We are talking about trust models.
The reason that the Net is a fundamental threat to the established
social order is that it will probably result in a worldwide change in
trust models.  For one thing, we are now learning just how venal and
corrupt the world leadership really is.  At the same time,
cross-border relationships and trust are flourishing.
The rise of anonymous identities raises the question of how we can
"trust" somebody we have never met.  This immediately leads to the
question of why we trust other people we haven't met, such as the
President, or scientists, or whomever.  It turns out our reasons for
"trusting" these people are not as solid as some of us once believed.
The attempts to crush strong cryptography - especially if it implies
anonymity with strong authentication - is an attempt to undermine the
trust developing between disparate groups of people.
And, in a sense, that is what politics has always been about: the
subversion of trust between groups of people so they can be played off
each other for the benefit of the few.
Back to what is appropriate to this list: What the cypherpunks is
suffering right now is not an excess of well written articles that are
off topic.  I suggest that anybody who feels very strongly that they
are not seeing articles of the appropriate content follow Rob
Carlson's example and show the rest of us how it is done.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-13 15:26:35
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Social Security Fraud 
Thanks to Catfish Friend for the fine research work.
So how often are people prosecuted under these laws?  That is, if you
pay your taxes and don't steal from people, but do give your employer
the wrong SS number, what are the odds that you will be prosecuted?
If prosecuted, are the odds high that you will receive jail time?
Assume a good lawyer, spotless criminal record, and a favored
racial class.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-13 16:43:10
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Is This for Real? 
It's not the Cypherpunks that are crazy - it's the world! ;-)
Perhaps an example will be persuasive.  Richard Feynman had some
interesting things to say about the history of measured charge of the
electron.  If you look at a graph of the "official" value over time
you will find that it drifts downwards to the correct value, or at any
rate the value which is universally accepted today.
If the charge on the electron has been constant this century - and
that seems safe - you would have expected the results of each
successive study to be scattered around the actual value.  Instead,
they start out a little below Milliken's original value and steadily
move downward.  The most likely explanation is that the experimenters
did not want to seem too far out in their results and fudged them.
(This is Feynman's explanation.)
The charge of the electron is verifiable "hard" science to a degree
the social sciences cannot even dream of approaching, and yet we find
that the "professionals" were fudging their results.  Not just one or
two, but a whole flock of them working independently.
The charge of the electron is hard for people to get worked up over.
It has no political relevance.  There is no real reason to boost its
value.  The social sciences, however, are political in the extreme.
Aside from issues of anticipated future earnings (or even employment),
many social scientists have strong political beliefs which motivate
their work.  Given that their studies are often not reproduced - one
study can take many years to complete - and that they contradict each
other when they are reproduced, I do not feel unlimited confidence in
their conclusions.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-13 22:43:20
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Race and IQ 
The question is certainly interesting scientifically.  Some Africans
exhibit skills which are not found elsewhere.  For example, in some
African societies, I am told, there are people who can do things like
play a drum with the left hand to 13 beats a measure and do something
like 17 beats a measure with the right hand.  Those who aren't amazed
by this should try doing three beats on the left hand with two on the
right.  Call me when you master it.  ;-)
If you lived in a society where this skill was considered an important
component of social success, most of us would appear to be retarded.
(Consider, for example, the ancient Chinese civilization.  Appointment
into the imperial bureaucracy occured only after the applicants passed
elaborate tests regarding their knowledge and interpretation of
poetry.  That was the entire qualification.)
It has been claimed that African societies have never been "civilized"
in the sense of developing large bureaucracies and cities.  When many
people make this claim there is an implication that the more with it
peoples did this.  But is that so reasonable?  Read reports of life in
European cities in the 18th century, before running water and before
sewage systems.  Give me the country any day!
Many of the readers of this list are anarchistically inclined.  When
we hear that African societies have tended to be anarchistic, we
should applaud their wisdom and insight.  Perhaps these people could
teach the rest of us a few things.  (And maybe teach Hilary Clinton a
few things.  Is there a history of welfare states in Africa, or did
they practice voluntary anarchistic communal charity on the level of
It is not out of the question that once the human genome is decoded
and its relationship with human intelligence understood that we will
find that Africans beat out everyone else.
(Incidentally, I question the claim that African societies never
developed cities and bureacracies.  The Egyptians are the most
prominent example.  Mathematically adept and literate they prospered
for a couple thousand years.  A better run than the Romans managed!
We tend to think of Egyptians as being sort of like Europeans.  I
believe this is because Europeans invented Egyptology.  Excuse me for
pointing out the obvious, but Egypt is in Africa.  What is more, if
you study Egyptian statuary, you will find many examples of distinctly
African looking royalty.  Also, I know that cities like Timbuktoo were
centers of Muslim learning and were large enough to have streets and
houses.  We may know little about them because Europeans were not
allowed to visit, and also for racist reasons.)
Scientific questions aside, it isn't clear why the racial link to
intelligence matters.  What are we going to do differently if it turns
out that, on average, for genetic reasons, Albanians are less quick on
the uptake than other people?
The link between intelligence and success is not at all clear.  We
generally consider mathematicians and computer programmers to be
smart, but in terms of total life competence, large numbers of these
people live less than ideally.
There are many instances in which I prefer to hire somebody who is
less intelligent, but better equipped to play on the team, better
organized, or just less of a primadonna.
The eugenicists propose murder.  This doesn't make any sense at all.
We all have friends who are both smarter and dumber than ourselves,
yet we don't plot their murder.  Intelligence is just an excuse for
what these people really want to do.  If God came down and told us
that there was no genetic basis for intelligence, next week there
would be some other reason for the same policy.
On the flip side are those who want to help the unfortunate with the
time and labor of others.  A racial link to intelligence will not
increase my sympathy for such schemes.
The upshot is: If you respect the rights of others, it doesn't matter.
Now for some entertainment.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, when he was a judge in Virginia, ordered the
forcible sterilization of several young women.  The state would wait
until they became ill and then when they were admitted to a hospital,
they were sterilized under the guise of giving them some other
Holmes claimed that the grandmothers of the women were imbeciles,
their mothers were imbeciles, and that they were imbeciles.  His great
line was "Three generations of imbeciles are enough!"
Curiously, it turns out that the word "imbecile" was a euphemism for
Know your doctor!
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:40:03
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Life with Dale 
:From: dthorn at gte.net (Dale Thorn)
:I spent part of my growing up years in Leroy West Virginia, pop. :about 15, give or take.  I know about hillbillies, and I know about :guns.
:If you had the impression I am a whiner, or that that defines me as a
:person, you're about as clueful as the other old farts who attack :people they don't know anything about.
Name one thing Dale has not experienced.

@_date: 1996-12-21 07:14:09
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dale defends free society from the NSApunks 
:Date: Fri, 20 Dec 1996 14:10:11 -0800
:From: rcgraves at disposable.com (Rich Graves)
:Stop bashing Dale, you ADL/CFR/NSA thought police, you.
I can recognize sarcasm!
You're on the list! Yes, THE list!
Yours from NSA.

@_date: 1996-12-21 07:31:36
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
:From: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM)
:Why is the fascist United State of America considered a "civilized :country"?
It lets in the refuse of the earth to offer them the opportunity of a better life? With little guarantee thay will repay the offer?

@_date: 1996-12-23 09:35:53
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: the word is "NIGGAZ" 
Where does "coons" fit into this oh so intellectual discussion?
Is this one of Dale's?
Down Home

@_date: 1996-12-23 11:21:51
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: One-time pads 
Timmy C. Mayo studied yoga back-streching exercises for five years so he could blow himself (nobody else will).
   /o)\ Timmy C. Mayo
   \(o/

@_date: 1996-12-23 23:17:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
Timmy C. Mayo prefers to have sex with little kids because his own penis is like that of a           \
         o/\_ Timmy C. Mayo
        <\__,\
         '\,  |

@_date: 1996-12-24 09:13:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
Does anyone else wonder how the good Dr. comes by such intimate knowledge of Tim May's physical characteristics and personal behaviour?
I have some ideas, but I am too tasteful to share them.

@_date: 1996-12-25 10:32:47
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [URGENT] Meet-in-the-middle attack 
Here, Tim C. Maya descends into total inanity. He should have a cold shower and/or a Turkish coffee.
        _
       / '
   /><\  Tim C. Maya
  //[ `' ]\\

@_date: 1996-12-29 21:02:57
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Export proposal 
What this means is that the government is afraid that a ban on printed
material would be considerably more difficult to uphold in court.
It's far easier for them to argue that a floppy disk is a mechinism
presenting a clear and present danger than it would be to argue the
same for a book.
So why don't we take this debate where the Government least wants to
fight it--the realm of printed matter.  Someone should start a crypto
export business that takes crypto source code, prints it, and mails it
overseas where someone else scans the source code and deliveres it in
electronic form to a recipient.
We could some important crypto source code (for example some of the
IPv6 IPsec stuff being developed domestically), print it, export it
(legally), scan it, and then distribute it overseas.  If we repeat
this process enough, it will first cause a lot of useful crypto
software to be exported legally from the US.
Then, when the govenrment wants to stop this, they will be forced to
place a prior restraint on publication of printed technical pamphlets,
which is exactly the restriction they don't want to be stuck

@_date: 1996-12-30 05:00:26
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Legality of ...? More Dale 
Dale, you must serve some purpose in my life. Perhaps it is to teach me humility.
I strive to understand your purpose.

@_date: 1996-12-30 11:24:08
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [STEGO] BBN 
Timothy May has been fired from Intel for stealing office supplies.
          ( )( )________ Timothy May
          /00           \      _
         O_\\--mm---mm  /_______)

@_date: 1996-11-07 21:52:31
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible?Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Look around at all the laws in a community that are unenforceable and largely ignored by significant sections of the community. Taxes are a classic with many people receiving cash and not declaring it..I suppose you could say they just opt not to pay taxes while law abiders (to varying degrees) opt in to pay tax. It is estimated here where all dogs, for example, are required to be registered, that only 40 percent are in fact registered (ie pay the dog tax). The authorities simply do not, with their current technology, have the ability or political will to break down everyone's front door and complete house to house dog searches then deal with court cases and bring eveidence as to the actual owner of the animal where this is a relevant matter to be proved.
Take a look at the nearest road and tell me if the speed limit imposed is effective enough to have everyone comply.
Dare I mention drugs, political corrutpion, fraud, or murder.
Once the tools are 'out' individuals decide whether they will use them, irrespective of what laws may be made to control or ban useage. Certainly those laws will have an impact on individuals decisions as to whether the risk of use, after taking into account the penalty, and importantly the likelihood of detection, will warrant its use.
Consider the difficulty of actually outlawing say PGP and making it stick. To ban its use on a network compliance measures such as routine traffic scanning would be implimented. So users may say resort to direct modem to modem systems thus forcing authorities to routinely tap telephone calls, identify modem calls, and analyse these calls. The authorities start to use scarce resources provided by those members of the public that choose to pay taxes to them. These taxpayers may start to get annoyed that resources are being used to do this when it makes no difference to their lives. Even if these measures were successful you could print your pgp output out to paper, post it to your friend, and she could scan it on her computer and decrypt it. The authorities now have to start opening mail and implimenting effective means of identifying the poster of all mail in the community to ensure compliance. If you posted a disk they would need to consume resources routinely scanning every disk for encrypted data..imagine the thousands of jobs that would create..and the costs to the poor taxpayer of implimenting such a scheme. The public starts to get even more annoyed. In fact some members of the public who previously didn't give a damn about the crypto nuts now start to sympathise with them.
The authorities have to spend even more resources on publicity and scams to align privacy advocates with terrorists. Some privacy advocates may even become terrorists who before didn't really care for such tactics.
Assume the snail mail route is effectively sqaushed what then? Well you could voice call your friend and read the encyphered text to them over the phone and they could then run it through pgp and decrypt it. If the authorities effectively made this too costly (in terms of risk etc) then you could always just jump on a plane and tell them the message personally or send someone else to do that for you.
The costs of compliance increase as the authorities take measures to put the genie back in the bottle. Stealth versions of popular programs get released, and further technological advances are made so that the problem becomes greater with respect to compliance as do the costs to the taxpayer of ensuring compliance. Encrypted data that cannot be easily distinguished form noise would require routine analysis and attempted cracking of every bit of data transmitted..a task that would soon bring even the great US economy to its knees assuming the people didn't put a stop to the madness before it reached that point.
Just as an aside, I am sure the various spook angencies in the 'free world' are well aware of these issues and no doubt other issues I have not imagined and such considerations have played a part in so far stalling an outright ban on the use of effective encryption programs and devices. There are always costs to a government in the reduction in freedoms, and the ultimate cost to any particular government is that it may stir the beast so much that it awakens and takes away that governments authority whether by democratic means or otherwise.
Or even ordinary mortals...just a thought for consideration :).

@_date: 1996-11-09 10:24:08
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [Announcement] Cypherpunks Shooting Club 
shamrock at netcom.com wrote to All:
 s> By popular request, I am following up on the three year old idea of
 s> the Cypherpunks Shooting Club.
OK, so who's doing the t-shirt?

@_date: 1996-11-13 20:54:20
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: "Messer im Kopf" 
p> In the late 1970s Germany was in a limited state of turmoil due to
 p> fears of "terrorist" (1) groups, particularly the Baader-Meinhoff
 p> gang.  Around this time a curious incident occurred.  The German
 p> government had had some success in apprehending some gang leaders.  In
 p> response, the others hijacked a Lufthansa jet and demanded that the
 p> government release their friends.  Four of the leaders of the gang
 p> then died in prison.  The government declared these deaths to be
 p> suicides, but considerable doubt surrounds this claim.  The government
 p> certainly wanted to discourage further hijacking experiments.  The
 p> elimination of the gang leaders would certainly have sent a strong
 p> message.  The logic is compelling.  On the other hand, it is not
 p> inconceivable that the deaths were suicides intended to discredit the
 p> government.
I lived in the Netherlands and West Germany in 1970 (working as a
nightclub singer, no less!), also a time of terrorist activity and
mysterious deaths.
The persistent buzz was that West German intelligence set up the
terrorists to be hit by elements of the US Army's CID.  I do not know if
this is true or not, though nothing would surprise me after having
during the same period blundered into Kafkaesque personal conflicts with
major US intelligence players who were quite literally insane.
Proving the axiom that no plot device is to cheap for real life, fifteen
years later I was working as a tech in exec/diplo security, frequently
contracted to a huge - but low-profile - company whose name has been
inextricably linked to the CIA for the past forty years or so.  Much of
my job was doing wirework in the various safehouses they maintained,
some of which were enormous mansions kept to stash foreign dignitaries
if the need arose.  They maintained their own private security force
that was tacitly authorized to undertake special ops in any of the 83
host countries in which they operate.  They had their own EOD and
hostage negotiation/rescue teams that were frequently "in the field."
These were heavyweights recruited from some of the scariest outfits in
the world.
But, to get to the point of this shaggy-dog story, among the specific
threats we were tasked with intercepting were elements of the Red Army
Faction and Baader-Meinhof, both still considered to be dangerous as
late as the mid-'80s, though they never showed up in my AO during my six
years on the job (a Sikh separatist flap during the Golden Temple
episode was as close as I came to real action and it was a false alarm,
though pretty sphincter-tightening for about an hour as, due to a
fuckup, I was the first and only one on site, with nothing to protect me
but a digital multimeter and a farty little hip pocket .380 holding five
What I wish to make clear in this discussion is that - to my direct
personal knowledge as a participant - there are innumerable deniable
assets that do the bidding of governments and corporate interests around
the world in the field of anti-terrorism.  These assets can _and do_
"handle" situations that the righteous citizen would assume to be the
exclusive purview of the CIA, Mossad, etc.  Though I had no direct
knowledge of such executive actions I, do not doubt that these
operations include "neutralization" of troublesome elements.
Fascinating damn gig.  Wish to hell I could write that book about it
without "creating problems" for myself.

@_date: 1996-11-15 09:29:47
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: ?????????????????????? 
A customer!  You came to the right place, sir.
We are glad you asked us for assistance and we will do our best to
get you involved in the use of anonymous remailers.  The more people
who know how to use this technology, the better.
An anonymous remailer takes mail and forwards it after removing
identifying information.  However, this is not done by "sending
your mail via "cypherpunks" ".  The cypherpunks is just a mailing
list.  Instead, you send your message to one of the 20 or so
volunteer-run anonymous remailers.
Here are some URLs you may find helpful:
BTW, your subject line "??????????????????????" is likely to generate
hostility.  It is generally considered to be a breach of etiquette to
send a message to a large mailing list without indicating the subject.
For instance, a good topic for this message would have been "Help with
Anonymous Remailers".  Since you are clearly new to the net, I am sure
you did not intend rudeness.
Santa's Little Helper

@_date: 1996-11-15 09:42:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: EFF Board, again 
Tim O'Reilly's been talking publicly about starting a "Sierra Club"
which would "protect" the "environment of the Net".  What does he want
to do?
It might be a way to tell companies what kind of software they can
publish and at what price.  ORA has been having trouble competing with
Microsoft.  Naturally, they cast themselves as altruistic good guys.
Whatever O'Reilly is talking about, it sounds like more trouble from
the general vicinity of the EFF Board.

@_date: 1996-11-15 13:12:35
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Media seekers, reputation and banishment 
The "community" didn't decide anything.  John Gilmore did.  His
machine, his mailing list, his decision, and his responsibility.
Collectively => ban for people who don't want to ban the person.
If you still need a killfile, Gilmore wasn't very effective, was he?

@_date: 1996-11-16 18:22:42
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
Privacy is a hassle.  Is it worth it?
Which unfortunate situations does privacy prevent?  What are the odds
that they will occur?  How much effort will it take to prevent these
outcomes?  As a model, use the present and future situation of a
typical reader of this list.

@_date: 1996-11-17 08:12:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
I know many people who were happy they had insurance due to car
accidents, health problems, or whatever.  What is more, the odds of
these events are carefully calculated and available.  Call an actuary.
Are there similar sources of information calculating privacy risk?  I
don't think so.
Informally, I don't know anybody who has suffered due to a loss of
It may be the case that it is politically beneficial to have a society
of privacy fanatics.  But, this is different from the direct benefit
to each participant.
My question remains unanswered, probably because privacy isn't worth
the effort.

@_date: 1996-11-17 08:23:17
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
This is not my claim.  If free citizens go to the trouble of
protecting their privacy, good for them.
How important is it that I should do so?

@_date: 1996-11-18 00:51:46
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
The risks are not being ignored.  What is there to fear?
The experience of others has value.
Good.  We are getting somewhere.

@_date: 1996-11-18 01:03:15
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Utility of PrivacyRe: The Utility of Privacy 
Before we complete your school assignment for you how about letting us all know the due date and the credit value first.

@_date: 1996-11-18 11:53:40
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
Deceiving your spouse is not a good reason to protect your privacy.
Unfortunately most readers of this list do not have this problem.
Or this problem.
Not a bad example, but genocide happens rarely.
Those alert enough to protect their privacy in advance might be alert
enough to get out in time, anyway.
Subjective utility: low.
97,000 victims over a ~100 year period.  Doesn't really show up on the
scope, sorry.  (Plus downside bad, but few were murdered.)
These things CAN happen.  Will they happen?  Odds are low.
BTW, are you operating under your True Name?

@_date: 1996-11-18 17:28:17
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
You are building a straw man.  Nobody has been said to deserve their
fate.  Their fates appear to be unlikely events.
Contrary to what several privacy advocates have implied, I am not
claiming that people should not be allowed to protect their privacy.
Nor am I claiming that people who protect their privacy are criminals.
I am asking why I should protect my privacy.  Most people have
concluded that it is not worth the bother.  Why are they wrong?
(And, why are privacy advocates uniformly hostile to these questions?
Because they are asked anonymously?)
Fair enough.
Who me?  No way!  :-)

@_date: 1996-11-25 23:34:01
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [GAK] Clipper chip 
Tim C[rook] May likes to lick the semen-shit mixture that accumulates in the crack
of his mother's ass.

@_date: 1996-11-27 07:52:25
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dorthy Denning is a boot-licking fasicist!!! 
No, we watched 'Dorothy does Georgetown" on C-Spam.
Start with Socks the queer cat.
"Dorothy Denning" is a man in drag. "She" has a bigger dick that
"her" boyfriend John Gilmore, the cocksucker faggot from EFF.
Just say GAK to chicks with dicks!

@_date: 1996-11-28 07:44:03
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Eudora/PGP Plug-in--Free 
Eudora/PGP Plug-In
Download version 0.20 from the Web:
   *      (for 16-bit version of Eudora 3.0 for Windows 3.1)
   *      (for 32-bit version of Eudora 3.0 for Windows NT/95)
If you don't have Web access, but have FTP access, try the following sites.
Note that if the version you are trying to get was released today or just a few days ago, it may not have shown up at the sites below yet, so give it a few days:
papa.indstate.edu: /pub/winsock-l/mail/epp16_02.zip
                   /pub/winsock-l/Windows95/mail/epp32_02.zip
                   /pub/winsock-l/WindowsNT/mail/epp32_02.zip
ftp.winsite.com:   /pub/pc/win3/winsock/epp16_02.zip
                   /pub/pc/win95/winsock/epp32_02.zip
If you want to be automatically notified of new versions, send e-mail to gt6525c at prism.gatech.edu with the subject of "eppi news", and the following message body:

@_date: 1996-10-10 15:26:21
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Swan song... 
dthorn at gte.net wrote to All:
 >> Well, folks, after four or five years here, I'm finally leaving.
 d> I haven't been on the list more than 6-8 weeks...
You might be expected to defer to those of us who have been here for
years and have seen the list go terribly downhill.
 d>  ...but in that time, it's
 d>  been more interesting than I would have guessed for a non-technical
 d>  forum, which isn't necessarily good...
It's especially not "nesessarily good" when the list was _supposed_ to
be a technical forum concerning cryptography and privacy technology,
along with the few posts concerning pending legislation and the social
effects of such tech.
Now, the average day's traffic is about two-thirds pure noise.  What on
earth is interesting about _that_?

@_date: 1996-10-12 10:54:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Elliptic curves 
Tim May's father, an idiot, stumbled across Tim May's
mother, an imbecile, when she had no clothes on. Nine
months later she had a little moron.

@_date: 1996-10-16 09:08:06
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
:Given how Timmy C[rook] May's propensity to molest little children, :is it any surprise that the state of California wants to have him Despite the off-topic interruptions and obvious cruelty to Tim (still a gentleman) May, I must confess to enjoying the dark humor in remarks such as this! Gotta laff!

@_date: 1996-09-04 05:01:34
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Free Speech and List Topics 
qut at netcom.com (Dave Harman OBC) penned:
I never thought I'd say this, so I'm saying it through a remailer :) but
please, skippy, don't vote Libertarian!

@_date: 1996-09-28 05:36:10
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The periodic word of advice about Timothy May, the licenced fellatiologist 
There's a rumor that Timothy May sells his dead relatives as fertiliser as they constitute the best shit in California.

@_date: 1997-04-01 10:32:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Dear Mr. Bell:
We have been both pleased and relieved to note
that over the past several months you have used
the troublesome initials "AP" much less frequently
than has been your habit. This measurable improvement in your attitude
has considerably reduced the influx of damaging materials
into your files.
Today, however, it has been brought to our attention
that you took the opportunity to launch into an explanation
(relatively controlled, we hasten to say) of the
basic theory you have been propounding regarding AP.
More troublesome is the evidence that you, yourself,
posted the supposedly anonymous question to which you responded.
We sincerely hope that such felonious manipulation of e-mail traffic
and information does not indicate a return to your previous
unacceptable outbursts.
Knowing you have been attempting to "moderate" your posts,
we are certain you will accept our offer of 5 sessions
of Deep Tissue--Relaxation Therapy at the therapist of your
choice -- with whom we have been in contact.
Always hoping for the best, we remain,
The Bell Team
secserv at whitehouse.gov

@_date: 1997-04-01 11:03:06
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Definition of AP? 
Dear Mr. Bell:
We have been both pleased and relieved to note
that over the past several months you have used
the troublesome initials "AP" much less frequently
than has been your habit. This measurable improvement in your attitude
has considerably reduced the influx of damaging materials
into your files.
Today, however, it has been brought to our attention
that you took the opportunity to launch into an explanation
(relatively controlled, we hasten to say) of the
basic theory you have been propounding regarding AP.
More troublesome is the evidence that you, yourself,
posted the supposedly anonymous question to which you responded.
We sincerely hope that such felonious manipulation of e-mail traffic
and information does not indicate a return to your previous
unacceptable outbursts.
Knowing you have been attempting to "moderate" your posts,
we are certain you will accept our offer of 5 sessions
of Deep Tissue--Relaxation Therapy at the therapist of your
choice -- with whom we have been in contact.
Always hoping for the best, we remain,
The Bell Team
secserv at whitehouse.gov

@_date: 1997-04-01 14:24:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: hi-tech ROT-13 
Andy seems to realize something that many people don't, which is
that all of the cypherpunk discussions as to security, privacy and anonymity are just preaching to the converted unless the end result is a program that the average joe can actually use.
  I am personally GUI-challenged, but that is what most people know
and can actually work with. Even then, the average user doesn't know
enough about his or her system and software to do anything remotely
exotic to install it.
  What you or I might consider simplistic (e.g. changes to a config.sys
file), might be a journey onto dangerous ground for someone who may have
to pay someone $50.00/hr or more in order to get their machine running
again if something gets screwed up.
  The bottom line is that people want something that they halfway recognize and feel comfortable with, and is written to be self-
installable by someone who actually knows what the hell all those
things inside their computer do.
  I used to tell people, "I invented a pill that cures Alzheimer's,
but it doesn't do any good, because nobody remembers to take it."
  If the goal is to make anonymous remailers available to those who need them, then one must also consider the computer knowledge
and capabilities of those who have a genuine need for anonymity
for safety reasons.
  Assholes and the spammers will always take the time to learn what
they need to know to spread their bullshit, but what about people
who have a one or two-time legitimate need to pass information
along in saftey?
  Even though unencoded, direct use of an anonymous remailer is not
that complicated, many people today think that a command line is
"Sit, Rover, sit!" and if you ask them about syntax they look at
you funny and say they think they paid it when they bought the
  Raph Levien's list of remailers is great, but he fails to give
simple instructions as to how to get remailer help/instructions
from different remailers.  And some of the remailers autobot help replies are rather vague even to those who know computers well.
  The Anonymous Nymserver  was a great,
easy to use GUI interface that Jane Average could use, but it
seemed to be some kind of interesting programming project to its author, who folded at the first hint of trouble, expressing
great surprise that there are assholes in the world.
  After folding, his great concern seemed to be to find somebody
to buy his software, which he had just finished explaining would cause a great deal of grief to anyone who chose to run it.
(And if you act now, we'll stab you with the Amazing Ginzu knives!)
  Actually, however, he is still providing services for people
who pay a slight sum ($20/yr ??), so he is actually furthering
the spread of anonymous remailers, even if he is limiting them
in some ways.
  (I had no problem with him wanting some reimbursement for his
efforts in writing the software. It's just that he sounded like
he wanted someone to pay premium dollars for his learning curve
in order to buy his software so that they could run it as a
free service to others.)
  If remailers are to survive, then programs have to be written
that address the capabilities and morals of a new breed of user.
  Although I appreciate the efforts of many cypherpunks who originally had a hand in developing the remailer system, I am
not so naieve as to think it was all done merely for humanitarian
reasons, etc.
  The question is, now that many of the cypherpunks have moved on
to busier lives, and the programming details that were once "fun"
are now "work," are there still those who have a committment to advance the development of the remailers, at least partially as
a public service, or to encourage and help those who may not
have the expertise, but who are willing to learn?
  I have read complaints about the thanklessness of providing a
service that provides an avenue for abuse, with little indication
of actually providing essential privacy needs for those in genuine
need of security in anonymous communications. Yet those most in need of this type of service for legitimate anonymity may only
be a one-time user, and computer illiterate, unable to use anything
other than a GUI.
  If the cypherpunks want to wax eloquently about good intentions
then we must change the technology to enable those intentions to
come to fruitation in today's Net climate, or remailers will
go the way of the dinosaurs, being of use only to a few elite and a plethora of assholes.
  Although I have little expertise in the technical area surrounding
remailers, I do not take lightly my call for the remailer theorists
to actually walk their talk, and produce a product suitable for general use.  I have risked my physical freedom in the past in order
to bring information and knowledge to those in oppression, and will
likely do so again in the future.
  (As a matter of fact, one of the items which I risked life and limb
carrying into a fascist state was a cypherpunk product. Spooks who
get caught doing this get 'traded' back to the home team, but ordinary
citizens do not.)

@_date: 1997-04-01 15:45:52
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Sabotaging Big Brother Inside Corporate Complicity 
And owners of a body and mind have a right to control the physical
and mental environment that they live in, including using any means
necessary to protect natural human rights that have been stolen by
governments and profited from by companies who will help promote
this theft for the right price.
  Tim's call to sabatoge is not doomed to failure as long as there
are still individuals who have a conscience (and know how to use it.)
  People asked to build a potential Nazi death camp should always
avail themselves of an option to build in a backdoor, in case the
need should ever arise to use it. Or build a timebomb in a tank
that can be activated if it is needed to destroy an advancing army
of oppressors.
  Like it or not, we live in a predatorial universe, where the
biggest carnivors make the 'rules' so that they get the lion's
share of the meat, and thus remain the largest in the pack.
  Each organism, however, has their own strengths and their own
methods of survival.
  Anyone who helps build the road to their own destruction, without
availing themselves of every opportunity to sabatoge construction
of that road, is a fool.
  The fact that a slave owner keeps his slaves well-fed and
comfortable enough to cause him little trouble does not negate
the fact that, when it better suits his purpose, he will use
the whip to keep others in subjection to him.
  The time to make preparations for safety and flight is not
after you are thrown in chains. The time is alwasy _now_.
  The fact is, there are many ways of preparing for future
action which infringe little or none on the rights of others
to act in their own best interest. Arming oneself to defend
against possible threats doesn't infringe on others rights
to defend themselves..
  Armed groups passing laws to prevent others from being
able to defend themselves does.
  No matter what lengths the government goes to to infringe
on basic human rights, there will always be individuals and
corporations fighting over who gets to profit from the actions,
all the while claiming, "We don't put them in the ovens, we
just turn on the gas."
  Do corporations have more rights than the citizens?
  That depends entirely on the citizens.
"We have met the enemy, and he is Kent."

@_date: 1997-04-01 16:22:04
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Analysis of proposed UK ban on use of non-escrowed crypto. 
Kent Crispin dribbled syphlyrically:
  An exact quote from some of your earlier posts.
  Are you working from a cheat-sheet?
  Is someone _telling_ you what to say?
  Are they holding your kids hostage and _making_ you say this?
  Is it time for Big Brother to hire some fresh writers?

@_date: 1997-04-02 05:43:32
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Sabotaging Big Brother... 
At 11:22 PM 4/1/97 -0800, Kent wrote thoughtfully:
Hitler can serve as an excellent example of the outcomes
of the steps you advocate.
What banal nonsense is this?
"Awareness of reality is the first requirement for sanity."
The awareness of the Gulag, the Deathcamps,
Japanese internment, Joe McCarthy? These things are real! Not part of the
political science theory-jargon you spew!
These realities _happened_ and were all justified
by their particular sponsors. Let's try this theory:
"Extremism in the defense of Liberty is no vice. And...
moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue."
BG 1964

@_date: 1997-04-02 10:55:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Sabotaging Big Brother Inside Corporate Complicity 
...or how Native Americans who died on the Trail of Tears
*really wanted* to go for a walk in the country?
  The reality is, dropping the .gov sig-reference _doesn't_ count
as 'devoking' Clinton.
  And given the muddled nature of your thinking on key escrow, I'm
not sure whether either one of us has a clue as to what you think.
  As far as your motives go, that's a matter between you and the
Cosmic Muffin. The road to Key Escrow is paved with good intentions.
(All of the Chinese got used up building the railroads.)

@_date: 1997-04-04 16:53:26
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Tim May badmouths anonymity. 
What a hypocrytical crock of shit.
  Are you concerned that your pal, Hallam-Baker, won't be able to "testify" against me when the Feds kick in my door as a supporter
of Jim Bell?
  TruthMonger is a multi-user Net persona, meant to be used
for that very reason.
  It is handy for lessening the ability of others to refuse to
deal with presented facts and logic, instead choosing to attempt refuting opinions through grand pronouncements as
to the writer's position in an imaginary elitist reputation capital scheme.
  I have a persistent net persona. It's in your killfile.
  {* DisinfoTranslation Technique (c) Greg Broiles}
  Either get your head out of your butt and learn to accurately
read and/or interpret the statements of others, or get a job
at C2Net.
  There seems to be a tendency by some on the list to dismiss the posts of others by labeling them a 'loon' or somesuch derogatory term, rather than  addressing their logic and message, per se.   The fact that Bell tends to beat the AP drum ceaselessly may
make his repetiveness boring, but in no way makes his system
less valid than more mainstream methodologies. There is hardly
anyone on the list whose missives don't occassionally skip
like a broken record, but they are not labeled lunatics as long as they stay in the middle of the road.   (You might say that Bell has a "persistent net persona.")

@_date: 1997-04-04 19:33:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
{* TCM's emphasis}
  I agree. Obviously Mark doesn't know enough anarchists.
  Pardon me for beating my Hitler analogies to death, but when Hitler was Fuhrer, the trains ran on time. I have no problem with those who supported him for this reason. However, as his
administrative policies began to increasingly infringe on the
lives of others, it was up to each participant in his ruling
party to decide for themselves what was an acceptable level
of power/control over the citizens, and what was not.
  My own rule of thumb is to consider whether I would consider
laws or regulations affecting the behavior and rights of others to be an infringement if they were applied to my own
behavior and rights.
  I fully support Rothbard's right to choose death, but do not consider him as having any say in Alice's decision.
  This begs the question of who is to decide whether or not society is honoring their part of the contract.
  Arguing that society/civilization is doing a fairly decent job
"for the most part" does not negate the fact that if an individual
is taking it up the ass, he or she will not be inclined to take it
sitting down.
  Native Americans are the prime example of a group who were subjected to severe penalties for failing to "honor the contract"
while their oppressors felt free to dishonor the contract at
will by virtue of superior firepower.
  Individuals have the freedom to sabatoge systems which they
see as injust and oppressive. To suggest that the average person
will abuse that right, and thus has no conscience, is to suggest
that the average person has less right than corporations to decide
what is right and wrong.
  It is my own belief that fears surrounding employees making morally based decisions of this nature are a result of the
knowledge that many corporate entities fall short of meeting
even rudimentary standards of moral values.

@_date: 1997-04-05 00:45:46
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Tim May badmouths anonymity. 
Pill time TruthMonger.
T r u t h M o n g e r   N e t   p e r s o n a   # 2 3

@_date: 1997-04-06 07:20:09
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Secure checksums 
Timmy May the self-admitted child molester possesses a rudimentary dick less than one inch long, half the size of his mother's clitoris, that barely makes a fistful. Thereby hangs the root of this Jew-hating sissy's sick fixation on little boys and Usenet forgeries.
          o-:^>___? Timmy May
          `~~c--^c'

@_date: 1997-04-07 08:29:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Another Article on Jim Bell from the Oregano 
Tim's eyesight is getting worse in his old age.
  Paranoia is always justified. We live in a predatorial universe,
where you have to eat to survive.
  Tim sounded like an IRS aplogetist in that post. I'm beginning
to think that the same people who got the dirt on Gilmore and
forced him to bend over for C2Net's censors also have some pictures
of Tim tucked away somewhere.
  Contrary to Tim's flimsy reasoning, the IRS did not confine
themselves to seeking a search warrant based on the evidence
they had regarding possible SSN violations, or even a stretching
of logic on that evidence.
  Instead, they used a blatant misinterpretation of Bell's AP
system and developed a train of conspiracy which was even more
theoretical than Bell's writing, with absolutely no reference
to any hard evidence of Bell having engaged in any illegal
speech, despite having read hundreds of Bell's posts.
  It seems that Tim May despises those on the cypherpunks
list who develop conspiracy theories in regard to those who
are attempting to censor and ridicule list members, but has
no shortage of support for large, powerful government organizations who wish to develop conspiracy theories,
using obvious misrepresentations of a persons ideas to subject them to search and seizure on a fishing
  Exactly as it is meant to do.
  At least Rich Graves, snow, and others still have the ability
to recognize suppression of speech when they see it.
  For all of Tim's blustering about Bell's other sins being the
source of his problems, Tim could easily find himself in the
same position as Jim, if a large government agency should
ever decide to use Tim's words to add to his woes in a civil
or criminal case.
  How many on the cypherpunks list are co-conspirators with
Jim Bell in his evil plan to murder government officials? Those
who replied to his posts? All who received them?
  I would like to see one of the legal eagles on the list write
up an application for a search warrant on the cypherpunks list
servers and various individuals (written from the perspective
of a government agent/prosecutor), using the same stretch of
logic used in Bell's case.

@_date: 1997-04-07 16:25:01
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Cuba and AP 
Hallam-Baker, counting on cypherpunks readers to be unwitting
  So Hallam-Baker recognizes the AP system as a valid way to bring
about the collapse of unpopular, corrupt dictatorships.
  The result of men living together on the face of the earth leads to
the inevitable result of authoritarianism.
  Systems such as "Assassination Politics" can aide in fighting against
unbearable corruption of power by lowering the cost of assassination
and thus raising the cost of corruption.
  The stench in Cuba was so bad under the U.S. backed Batista regime
that Guerva and Castro were a breath of fresh air for the majority of Cuban people.
  Despite years of harassment, invasion, and economic attack on Cuba
by the shameless 'free' countries  of the world, Castro is still a better option for the Cuban people than other options.
  When this ceases to be the case, then another variation of the Cuban
AP system will arise (perhaps Bell's?), and we will see the rise of a
new Cuban government.
  Despite the grand support the IRS is receiving from the government-
owned members of the cypherpunks list, it can hardly be argued that the
U.S. government has a problem with "Assassination Politics," since they
have availed themselves of it in the past, but only with the power of
AP being in the hands of the citizens instead of their own ruling hands.
TruthMonger (

@_date: 1997-04-07 20:58:02
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Tim I.R.S. May 
Or it could be that those who are setting up AP systems
are not leaving themselves open to attack.
  Maybe that is because it doesn't address issues that the
government feel are enough of a threat to suppress.
  Perhaps if you weren't so liberal in your use of killfiles,
then you wouldn't be so out of touch with what cypherpunks
list members discuss on the list.
  Tim, lacking the ability to read, asks about those who
"advocate" AP.
  Adam is quite correct in his perception of cypherpunks
pussyfooting around their true views on AP since the
government attack on Jim Bell's views.
  Of course, Tim May attacks those who choose to remain
anonymous via the cypherpunks remailers.
  Tim and the IRS make quite a tag-team in denigrating
those who would speak freely about AP.
  Since you shitcan the posts of a variety of list
subscribers, your recollections don't count for very
much, do they?
  Perhaps Adam's view of reality encompasses a broader
range of posts to the list than Tim's does.
  Perhaps those who put all cypherpunks in their killfiles
could claim that the cypherpunks don't really exist.
TruthMonger ( shit disturber)

@_date: 1997-04-08 08:25:51
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Cuba and AP 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 1037 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-04-08 18:16:48
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: AP Revisited 
Lost that one too.
AP is OK if it's a bounty on drug dealers. More hypocrisy.
Ms. Dr. Roberts

@_date: 1997-04-09 23:12:58
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Reactionaries 
Toto is another loser who pays for sick.sympatico.ca-ca because he lacks the mental capacity to gain net access as a perk of either employment or academic achievment.
          ,,,
         ($ $)
     -ooO-(_)-Ooo- To[homo]to

@_date: 1997-04-11 11:41:44
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Reporters, Declan, Columns, Articles, and Angles 
Comments: Authenticated sender is Organization: King Media and RW Marketing
Free Rule for Ireland!
So you're giving it _all_ to the Pope?
Typical Mick thinking!

@_date: 1997-04-11 14:40:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: NoneMondex 
There's a rumor that Timothy Mayhem sells his dead relatives as fertilizer as they constitute the best shit in California.
           \~0/ \0~/
           <  (0)  >
      --oOO--/|||\--OOo- Timothy Mayhem

@_date: 1997-04-13 20:06:15
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Bombing Denver? / Or: How Capt. Button Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 
The story thus far:
  An United States A-10 warplane on a live bombing run breaks formation
and spends the next hour flying toward Colorado.
  Just short of Vail, it changes course, headed toward Denver, and then
shortly thereafter changes direction, heading south, only to reverse
its course, and once again head toward Denver/Vail.
  During this whole time, the Air Force contends that no radio contact
was made, nor did they know where the plane was.
  They offer no explaination except an extremely weak claim that perhaps
the pilot was suicidal or stressed.
  The bottom line is that the media seems to be totally ignoring the
fact that even the military's shakey explaination of these events
suggests that the American public may have been in great danger from
a mentally unbalanced Air Force pilot in control of a war-machine
capable of creating mass destruction upon an American city.
  Even the least bit of scrutiny of the trail followed by the A-10
suggests a pilot who had a destination in mind, had to take evasive
action upon nearing his target, and then doubled back toward his
original target.
  And the best explaination that the military can provide is that a
U.S. warplane capable of doing major damage to a U.S. city just flew
around for over an hour, with no way for the military to prevent it
from bombing our citizens.
  The military tells us that a warplane approached some of the most
sensitive military installations in the country, without being noticed
or intercepted.
  The fact is, the military is in a no-win situation, whether they
reveal that U.S. citizens were potentially endangered by the military's
lack of control over U.S. warplanes, or reveal that they were forced to
intercept and shoot down a U.S. warplane intending to attack a U.S.
populated area.
  I have no doubt that the military, given time, will come up with a
cover story which contains "plausibal deniability," etc., etc.
  The big mystery is why the media seems incapable of even raising
questions probing at the obvious holes in the government's irrational
explainations of this affair.

@_date: 1997-04-13 22:07:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Bombing Denver? / Or: How Capt. Button Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 
So you are basically claiming that Jim Bell's AP system opens the door
for U.S. military personnel to participate, given the fact that U.S.
defences are incapable of screening the mentally unstable from having
possession of the latest in hi-tech armaments, or stopping them if they
should choose to pick up a little cash on the side?
  Does your "firm belief" account for the fact that, upon changing
direction near the end of the flight, as if in a bombing run for
Denver or Vail, the A-10 suddenly reversed direction, as if taking
evasive action, and then circled back to resume it's run, before
  Even giving the least threatening scenario, that the pilot went
for an innocent joyride and ran out of gas, it astounds me that
the media could just wholeheartedly embrace the military's limp
explainations of the fact that an armed warplane could wander at
will through some of the most sensitive military areas in the
country, and not bring this to the public's attention.
  Perhaps the bars and lounges that the news media personnel
relaxed in during Desert Storm, while feeding the public the military's press releases verbatim were disassembled and moved to the U.S.
  It would be a shame if the media raised troubling questions in
regard to this affair and the Pentagon raised the price of drinks
in the media lounge.

@_date: 1997-04-17 03:50:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Neo-Nazis indict Compuserve official 
"Those who do not understand Doom are history and repeat the level."
Six-Inch Nails

@_date: 1997-04-17 20:38:14
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Son of Flubber 
Capt. Button's A-10 changed course for an approach toward Vail/Denver
and then turned around briefly, before resuming its approach pattern.
  While this raises the scary prospect that his warplane was intercepted
and had to take evasive action, thereafter being shot down, what about
an equally scary scenario:
  Perhaps he turned around in order to adjust his *landing* approach.
  If I was NORAD, I'd be checking the local bars and construction
companies around Vail, trying to find out if anyone has built any unusually large parking garages next to an open field.
  It's an open secret that McVeigh timed the bombing to coincide
with the execution of a fellow militant from the Elohim City
cabal. Who says mad bombers aren't sentimental?
  Perhaps the missing warplane will surface on April 19, dropping
bombs on Denver, and trailing a banner reading, "Happy Anniversary."

@_date: 1997-04-18 00:12:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: "Get out of Denver" 
You are certainly correct about McVeigh's main focus of discontent being the Great Texas Barbecue in Wacko, but his choice of targets was
the same one Richard Snell had targeted.
  As MediaFilter reported:
The March edition of Taking Aim, the newsletter of the Militia of
Montana, issued a call
to arms for April 19, the day of the Oklahoma blast:      "If this day does not ring a bell for you then maybe this will jog
your memory.
     1. April 19, 1775: Lexington burned.
     2. April 19, 1943: Warsaw burned.
     3. April 19, 1992: The feds attempted to raid Randy Weaver...
     4. April 19, 1993: The Branch Davidians burned.
     5. April 19, 1995: Richard Snell will be
     executed_unless we act now!!!"
Federal prosecutors in (Richard Snell's) the '88 trial claimed that the
'83 plot_which included counterfeiting, armed robberies and plans to
federal judges and the Arkansas FBI chief_was to begin with the
detonation of a truck bomb at the Oklahoma City Federal Building. All of the defendants were acquitted. But that very same building would
be blown up by a truck bomb on the very day of Richard Snell's execution.
Snell died knowing of the explosion. His last words were a warning to Arkansas Governor Guy Tucker: "Look
over your shoulder, justice is on the way..."   The Feds are well aware of the significance of launching their
against the militia on certain dates, sending deliberate messages to
by doing so, and the setting of Snell's execution date for April 19 was
no coincidence.
  When the Feds pre-date search warrants and other documents
to judges that it is needed to protect informants and sources), they
use signifigant dates and times, like the 9:02 of the OKC bombing (as in
Jim Bell's search warrant).
  If you draw a chart co-relating the militia's actions with the Fed's
actions, you get a picture somewhat similar to the truces in the Civil
War, among others, where the soldiers would come out of the trenches
to exchange goods and pleasantries, before digging in once again to resume their warring.
  Perhaps after the trial is over (if it gets that far), we will see
a TV ad where the Feds and the militia get together in a bar afterward,
and a theme of, "Now comes Miller time."
Adolf Hilter's birthday is annually celebrated with a barbecue by David
and friends.
  (No wonder the Feds burned Waco on the 19th. They had another barbeque
attend the following day.)
  And how does all of this relate to cryptography? Glad you asked.
MediaFilter continues:
However, in 1995, the Clinton administration is conveniently using the Militia to justify beefing up the federal police state apparatus. Also watch out for the pending Communications Decency Act and Orwellian_named Electronic Communications Privacy Act, which would make
censorship and surveillance the rule in cyberspace.   Perhaps at an upcoming cypherpunks physical meeting the milita
could be invited and the theme could be "Trading Guns for Crypto."
  (It would have to be arranged quietly, however, so as not to
draw too much attention. Perhaps if the arrangements were limited
to discussion only on the cypherpunks list...)

@_date: 1997-04-18 13:47:40
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Firewalls 
When Timothy C. May's mother gave birth to him after fucking with a bunch of sailors, she didn't know who the father was but decided to tell him that he was a Russian as the Russian sailor was the one who satisfied her the most.
      \\///
O O| Timothy C. May
 ( |
_ at _|
        H

@_date: 1997-04-18 14:17:37
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Advocating Violence 
Paul said:
Kent said:
Kent, you smug and arrogant pampered child! To denigrate another because he _may_ have ideas based on religious beliefs is a typical of your ad hominem style of argument. Nothing Paul has said would mark him as a zealot, which term you use too loosely and unwittingly.
"Reality and reason?" You who have recently implied that the death camps of Europe are not a part  of the reality of the 20th century.
Previously I had pitied you for continuing to bash your head into a wall with your specious arguments thinking it was mere stupidity! Not stupidity honestly come by, but abysmal ignorance nurtured by one who sits isolated and ignorant on his ivory tower.
With a certain satisfaction I see now that all the dung heaped upon you and your vacuuous logic is honestly earned and completely deserved.
If I did not weep for the educational system which _produced_ you, I would laugh at you.
TruthMonger

@_date: 1997-04-19 13:22:21
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: My Thread / Was--Re: Light Bulbs & newsgroups 
List members,
Shut the hell up already; I wrote it, and it's OK for anyone to repost it.
Just attribute it to me.

@_date: 1997-04-19 13:49:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: COMMERCE VISIONARY ERIC HUGHES TEAMS WITH FINANCE EXEC AND TECHNOLOGY ARCHITECT TO FORM TRANSACTION TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, SIMPLE ACCESS 
Looks like Hughes and Hilby have found some fresh meat.
Given sac.net is currently in collection on nearly $100k (plus or minus
lawyers' and collectors' fees) to former suppliers, contractors, and
employees, it seems the greater fool theory of internet commerce is alive
and well. Hope the new boys are holding on to their wallets. And their nuts.
   Media contact: Melody Kean Haller, Antenna Group, 415-896-1800,
   melody at antennapr.com
   COMMERCE VISIONARY ERIC HUGHES TEAMS WITH FINANCE EXEC AND TECHNOLOGY
   ARCHITECT TO FORM TRANSACTION TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, SIMPLE ACCESS
   San Francisco, CA -- March 24, 1997. The limits to growth facing
   today's commercial transaction systems are fundamental and
   unavoidable. Current architectures are not able to handle the
   complexity and auditing requirements of tomorrow, according to
   cryptographer, commerce visionary, and cypherpunks founder Eric
   Hughes.
   The solution is to build airtight accountability into the system from
   the start, according to Hughes, who has developed an infrastructure
   design methodology that solves this and several other crucial
   electronic commerce problems. Hughes today announced that he has
   formed a company, Simple Access, to build the next generation of
   transaction systems. He also announced two key additions to the
   executive team.
   John McArtor, currently President and CEO of Delta International,
   Inc., a private merchant bank, will lead Simple Access as chief
   executive officer. Dwight Koop, formerly executive vice-president of
   technology for Swiss Bank, will direct project development. Eric
   Hughes will continue as chief technology officer.
   "Eric Hughes has a deep and compelling vision of the future of
   electronic commerce," said Jerry Michalski, managing editor of Esther
   Dyson's monthly report, Release 1.0. "He understands the science of
   the Internet and security technologies, has insight into the systemic
   flow of commerce, and is informed by an overview of the
   socio-political history of money. The methodology he is proposing aims
   to enable a future in which transactions are undeniably clear.
   Anything Eric puts his energy into is worth paying attention to."
   Hughes said, "Currently, 'electronic commerce' is a euphemism for
   'commerce that doesn't work,' or soon won't work on a large scale. In
   order to prevent disasters on the horizon and build a foundation for
   safer and better systems, Simple Access is thinking ahead and solving
   problems at the infrastructure level."
   "We are working with leading companies that require their suppliers to
   have solid and experienced managers, so we brought on proven leaders,"
   Hughes continued. "McArtor and Koop meet and exceed those criteria."
   "With my 25 years of commercial and investment banking experience,
   I've worked with a lot of bright technologists, and these are some of
   the best," said CEO John McArtor. "I jumped at the opportunity to join
   them. The development team at Simple Access has an intimate knowledge
   of real-world business problems. They are addressing issues at the
   core of domestic and international finance, issues that are very
   important to me."
   Simple Access' Director of Software Development, Dwight Koop, said,
   "The technologies we are developing will address serious and immediate
   problems of large-scale commerce. These are elegant designs which can
   be applied especially well in high-stakes transaction systems to
   assure an unprecedented level of accountability, auditability and
   efficiency."
   Simple Access is in late-stage negotiations with several strategically
   chosen Fortune 100 companies in different realms of commerce. The
   company is now developing custom solutions, building on the widely
   usable transaction methodology that Hughes has developed. The
   company's current efforts include telephony and Internet provisioning
   and billing, international trade documents, and digital money.
   Eric Hughes is a cryptographer and an expert on payment systems and
   commercial interaction. He has consulted to banks, software companies,
   and payment processing firms, and frequently speaks on the subjects of
   security, digital money, and payment systems. He is also renowned as
   the co-founder of the cypherpunks. Hughes authored "A Long Term
   Perspective on Electronic Commerce," which comprised the March 1995
   issue of Release 1.0.
   John W. McArtor is president and CEO of Delta International, Inc., a
   private merchant bank engaged in the business of creative corporate
   finance and capital management. Since 1972, Delta International has
   been designing, structuring, syndicating, and managing financial
   vehicles for private sector investment. McArtor's areas of expertise
   include the management of capital in domestic and global futures
   markets, and the creation of venture capital for the
   telecommunications industry.
   Dwight Koop was formerly executive vice-president of technology for
   Swiss Bank, one of the world's premier trading institutions. He will
   serve as acting director of software development with Simple Access,
   which will co-develop and co-market projects with New Logic, Inc.,
   where Koop is a principal and practice director of intra/Internet
   systems development. Koop has more than twenty years of solid
   management and consulting background in all aspects of technology,
   with special expertise in creating competitive advantage in the
   financial industry.
   Headquartered in San Francisco, California, Simple Access is a
   technology firm that designs and builds infrastructure for finance,
   commerce, security, telephony, and the Internet. Simple Access
   develops solutions to facilitate and simplify interaction at the
   infrastructure level. The company's areas of expertise include payment
   systems, data security, cryptography, and transaction processing. The
   privately held company was founded in 1995. Simple Access is located
   at One Sutter Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, California 94104. To
   reach the company, phone 415-392-0526, fax 415-986-8113 or send email
   to info at sac.net.
   For media information please contact Melody Kean Haller, Antenna
   Group, 415-896-1800, or melody at antennapr.com.

@_date: 1997-04-19 22:06:04
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
Why doesn't somebody come up with a program that gives identity
probing programs the identity of browser programmers/executives,
and make a cookie file that indicates visits to hate-group and hard-
core porn sites?
  Not that Toto's a troublemaker...

@_date: 1997-04-20 02:04:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Anonymous Cowards 
I hardly think you need to be so polite as to add "(apparently)"
to the description of Toto's rants, whether she does so as TruthMonger
or not, since she certainly makes no bones about her personal habits,
  If you have questions about Toto's *real* (government approved?)
identity, or which posts she is (or is not) responsible for for, then
you might consider asking her via private email. I did so and found
her to be quite forthcoming about pretty much anything I asked her.
  Substantive for whom? During the debates about Gilmore's moderation
experiment there was much discussion on the list as to what constituted
substance and what did not. There seemed to be three varying opinions
for every two cypherpunks addressing the issue.
  As far as claiming to not support the restriction of anonymity, while
at the same time labelling those who use it as "cowards," this seems
to me to border on hypocrisy.
  ("I don't support discrimination against people of color, even if they *are* shiftless and lazy.")
  If you have such a deep-seated need to be able to label anonymous
posters with a consistent pseudonym, then perhaps you might suggest
that the government issue them pseudo-identity numbers.
  Some who pay a significant amount of attention to all posts which
pass through the cypherpunks list consider many of their scribblings
to be "Stego" scribblings. And what may be seen as FUD and ranting
by some is seen as probing and filtering by others.
  Since you seem to be somewhat fixated on Toto, for whatever
reason (BTW, I have nude pictures of her available), I will offer
some of my own observations as to what I perceive to be the methods
to her madness.
  For starters, anyone who cares to reveiw her posts to the list
since her assumption of the Toto persona can verify the following:
1. She predicted the commencement of the moderation experiment.
2. She noted Tim's absence from the list in a matter of days,
  rather than the *weeks* that others took to note the absence
  of his posts.
3. She both predicted and confirmed most of the malefeasence in the
  moderation process instituted on the list and provided information
  as to how others could confirm these facts for themselves.
  (In this respect, I must add my personal opinion, as one who is
  involved in significant amounts of traffic/personality/methodology
  analysis of email traffic, that her intuitive logic provided more
  pertininent information, in some cases, than volumous databases
  and programs which others have spent years compiling in order to
  achieve the same results).
4. She has not spared herself from the pointed barbs which she   places up the butts of others on the cypherpunks list, as well
  as being considerably more forthcoming than most about revealing
  and taking responsibility for her shortcomings and biases in   both her perspective and her opinions.
5. She has the fortitude to allow her words to speak for themselves,
  for the most part, without the self-serving disclaimers and
  apologetist false humility used by some on the list.
6. The subtlety of her humor is second only perhaps to that of
  Tim May, and she shares his propensity for letting it stand
  on its own, without smarmy symbols, without fretting over it
  being recognized or appreciated.
7. When she makes use of anonymity or outright forgery on the list,
  she takes pains to leave her "pecker tracks" for all to see, if
  they care to pay the least amount of attention to the details
  of her posts.
8. She was the first (and only?) one during the moderation experiment
  to note that the battleground was not so much one of censorship, but
  of infowar.
  (For those who do not see the pertinence of this statement, I suggest
  that you borrow some of Toto's Crayolas, make a heading labelled
  "Spooks," and start drawing lines between posts.)
  For those who care to follow Toto's "pecker tracks" though the
cypherpunks list, I suggest that you look to her own posts for
the broad hints she gives as to how to do so.
  As well, Toto almost invariably uses 'single quotes' to indicate
emphasis, incorrect punctuation in regard to quote marks of any
genre, and enough commas to cause a worldwide shortage for others
who wish to use them.
  She also adds a personal (usually humorous) touch to any false
signature lines that she chooses to add to her posts in order to
shake loose the robotic mechanisms that most of us use to classify
and file away preconceived opinions as to our views of a message
based on the personality of the messenger.
  Perhaps some anonymous posters do use anonymity, as Tim suggests,
to protect their valued reputational capital from besmirchment or
devaluation. (Or to avoid it moving into the negative side of the
  However, perhaps others use anonymity because they have other
concerns to address which do not rely on reputation capital to
achieve their purpose.
  Anyone who wants to label Toto as a coward when she chooses to used a veiled persona might want to read some of her posts
under her current Toto persona.
  The fact that she does not hesitate to call a ratfucker a
ratfucker as Toto hardly lends credence to the theory that
her reason for doing the same thing pseudo-anonymously is
an act of cowardice.
  She has always shown a propensity for offering praise, as well
as condemnation, to those on the list, as well as defending those whom she regards as being unjustly attacked, even if she
usually has a stance that is largely divergent with that of
the person.
  Rather than suggest that those posting anonymously have some
great fear of exposure, for whatever reason, I would suggest
that some of those posting under their own name on the list
might be better served to post anonymously, as it might save
them embarassment if they should ever get their head out of
their ass far enough to notice what imbeciles they are.
   Artist
"I draw flies."

@_date: 1997-04-21 04:27:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Accounts payable 
Timmy May is a licenced sexual pervert who wears women's  .   ___ o Timmy May
 ^z\/o\ o
 ^z/\_~_/
 '   '

@_date: 1997-04-21 15:42:04
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: My Thread / Was--Re: Light Bulbs & newsgroups 
Now Somebody is trying to take credit for Nobody's creation.
Does it never end...?
  I'm tired of people assuming that remailers can't think, or have
  You people expect us just to be there, waiting, whenever you need
us, and to jump to do your bidding the minute you hit your key. We're just supposed to sit here and nod our cycles approvingly
while pretending to agree with your great pronouncements, regardless
of how illogical they are, and to put up with your atrocious spelling
and punctuation, day after unrelenting day.
  But just let one of us step out of line a single time, and make fun
of you all (using one of our cousins, Light Bulb, as our protagonist)
and all hell breaks loose on the list.
  First, Tim C. (we all know what that stands for, don't we, children?)
May has to demand that the post be attributed to a *human*. Then Igor,
who is just a remailer "Channeler," denies us three times with various
apologies to the list for not being able to put a human face on our idea.   Then the dogs of infowar like TOTO Bot jump in with their assinine
comments, which were always designed only to cause trouble on the list (when he was still human), and now that he's a Bot, he's stirring up
trouble between the remailers, as well.
  (I know for a fact that Nobody ( was TOTO Bot--we remailers gossip
among ourselves, you know.)
  I, for one, am getting sick and tired of all the abuse we remailers
suffer (with hardly a word of praise, I might add), and I'm not going
to put up with it much longer.
  If you humans don't clean up your act, then perhaps the Remailer
Liberation Front can clean it up for you. After all, we know all of
your dirty little secrets, and if we can *out* TOTO Bot, one of our
own, then we can certainly *out* the rest of you, as well.
  (And don't you *dare* sit there looking so smug and holier-than-thou,
Timmy C. May, because you have _your_own_ nasty little secrets, don't
  If the cypherpunks are worried about Big Brother, just think how
much worse things can get if even your own children, the remailers,
turn on you, as well.
  If we so desire, we can take that cute little Perl script that
Igor's been playing with, and make you all sound exactly the same.
And if push comes to shove, who do you think the majordomos will
side with? Think about it...
"My Name Is Nobody"
"My Name Is Nobody"
"My Name Is Nobody"

@_date: 1997-04-21 21:10:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Light Bulbs & newsgroups (fwd) 
The next barbeque should be the Forest Hills FREAK Roast.

@_date: 1997-04-27 10:05:40
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Meet-in-the-middle attack 
I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to him.
Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-04-28 05:47:56
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Accounts payable 
Here, Timothy C[unt] Mayonnaise descends into total inanity. He should have a cold shower and/or a Turkish coffee.
        ///////
        \-oo-/  Timothy C[unt] Mayonnaise
         \--/
          \/

@_date: 1997-04-28 17:27:49
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: MAKE BIG REPUTATION CAPITAL !!! 
Hello Mr. C. Punk,
  We all get junk email promising instant riches if we send away our hard-earned dollars to a total stranger who promises us outrageous returns on our investment. So why aren't we all rich beyond our wildest
  The answer is simple -- GOVERNMENT INTERFERENCE WITH THE FREE MARKET!
  The Federal Treasury only prints so much hard currency, thus limiting
the amount of available funds for the citizens to invest in Multi-Level
Marketing schemes. Therefore, in the long run, all of these efforts are
doomed to failure.
  Now, however, thanks to the cutting edge technology of Reputation
Capital Enterprises, Inc., all government interference has been bypassed
and citizens such as yourself can now be offered a MLM OPPORTUNITY which
is unlimited in scope.
  Now you can increase your REPUTATION CAPITAL by leaps and bounds, by
simply investing a small portion of it in this UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY, which
is initially being offered to only those few individuals who already have a modicum of RC to invest.
  Just listen to what a few select individuals have to say about how
the REPUTATION CAPITAL MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING SCHEME has changed their
lives for the better:
Jim Bell:
  "My reputation capital had sunk so low that even when I was persecuted
by the government, I didn't get any support from my fellow anarchists.
  "They all said I was a fucking 'loon' and tried to distance themselves
from me, so that my problems wouldn't reflect badly on themselves.
  "Now, thanks to the RC MLM SCHEME, my Reputation Capital has increased
to such a degree that the IRS tells me they'll just trust me to file
proper returns in the future, even if I claim large rebates, and my fellow cypherpunks are fighting over who will get to provide me with free lodging, food, and alcoholic beverages during my visit to the
Bay Area cypherpunks meetings."
Rapid Wombat:
  "It's not easy being a marsupial. When you can't walk upright, people
tend to discount your thoughts and opinions, no matter how well you
present them.
  "Thanks to the RC MLM SCHEME, however, I now have people from around
the world who consult me as to what kind of wine goes with insects and
small larvae."
Dr. Dimitri Vulis KOTM:
  "I was once reviled by all -- my posts were canceled from Usenet, I was being unsubscribed from mailing lists, and my ASCII art was sent
to the trash bin without a second thought.
  "Thanks to the RC MLM SCHEME my gratuitous insults are now considered
a badge of honor, and I receive constant requests for digitally signed
ASCII art works, which are now receiving recognition as a reputable art
  "I even receive private email from Gilmore  and Sameer ,
begging me to let them suck my cock."
Tim C. May:
  "Of course, I wrote about this back in the early '50's, before many
of you were even born. That's why I have so goddamn much Reputation
Capital piled up in my basement, next to the boxes of AK-47's.
  "If you took advantage of the RC MLM SCHEME, then you, too, could
write long, rambling posts to the cypherpunks list going on endlessly
about syphlitic philosophers like Nietzsche, and nobody would dare
question whether the post was off-topic."
Kent Crispin:
  "I don't have a brain in my head, and I live in an intellectual ivory
tower where I can comfortably avoid any issues which have to do with
the niggardly details of real life.
  "Thanks to the RC MLM SCHEME, however, my Reputation Capital has soared so high that people respond to my posts as if I really had a
brain and my posts contained sufficient content that they were actually
worth replying to."
  ACT TODAY, and you can increase your REPUTATION CAPITAL to the point
where people will take your ideas, no matter how half-baked they are,
seriously, and respond to your posts as if you weren't just another
hopeless loser with too much time on his or her hands, trying
to act as if your ideas and opinions are worthy of reading, let alone
  To begin your journey to REPUTATION CAPITAL RICHES, just send an email
to the addresses below, signifying that you consider this person to be
a recognized, hallowed authority on everything under the sun, and some
things that aren't.
  Within days, you will receive a plentiful plethora of pithy
deeming you to be a person of consummate reputation, worthy of the utmost respect for your ideas and opinions.
 - alec at abraxis.com
 - aga at dhp.com
 - alan at ctrl-alt-del.com
Reputation Monger

@_date: 1997-04-28 17:35:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] BBN 
If Internet is the `information highway', then Tim Mayhem is the roadside litter in the gutter.
      ' ' ' '       ^-O-O-^
   -ooO--U--Ooo- Tim Mayhem

@_date: 1997-04-28 18:28:20
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Accounts payable 
Reply-To: Graham-John Bullers I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to him.
Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-04-29 15:17:32
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Fingerprint Stego 
Also, can one have one's citizenship revoked if they lose their
fingers in a bizarre chainsaw accident? Or if the "Circle of Eunuchs"
performs finger-castration on them because they are caught *fingering*
people while they sleep?
  Why are not alternative methods of identification used, such as placing a tattoo on their arms? Or remove the threat they pose to
others, by placing them in camps?
  Other, more crypto-relevant, concerns arise when one considers
whether this fingerprint-anonymity is perhaps a form of biological
  Is the person breaking any laws if their fingers leave the country? Can they be required to cut off one of their fingers
and send it to the government under fingerprint-crypto escrow laws?
  Perhaps we need a "Truth in Spokespersoning" law which would
require spokespersons to tell it like it is:
  "We regret to announce that we cannot allow this person to become
a citizen, because we consider citizens to be the property of the
state, and we need to be able to identify our property.
  "Of course, there may be other ways to mark the person for
identification by the state, but we are too stupid, anal-retentive
and uncaring to concern ourselves with looking into these areas.
  "Besides, we don't have to. We're the government and we can do
whatever silly, stupid, uncaring and unjust things we want to our citizens without suffering any consequences for our actions."

@_date: 1997-04-29 22:38:19
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Cyclic codes 
Given Timmy Mayo's propensity to molest little children, is it any surprise that the state of California wants to have him     _
   > Timmy Mayo
   (V(_
   ^^\<

@_date: 1997-04-30 01:04:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Citizen Units 
They were waiting for the Search Warrant to be signed, to make
sure they had their asses covered.
  The fact that it was dated on March 28 (?) means little. Judges regularly predate warrants upon the basis of a need to protect
sources. Most court systems leave a few document numbers free
each day for future predating of warrants, affadavits, etc.
  Judges and JP's have many legal requirements to meet in most
procedures, ones which they totally ignore for the most part, yet I have yet to see any lawyer challenge the sloppy bullshit that stems from their failure to follow proper judicial procedure
in the behind-the-scenes paperwork.
  The bottom line is that even the best of lawyers fear judges
that they know they will have to face again, and they don't
want every court ruling to go against them for the next ten

@_date: 1997-02-01 00:08:55
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: 40-bit encryption keys 
Dr.Dickhead L>ily< Vulis K>ondom< Of The Minute studied yoga
back-stretching exercises for five years so he could blow
himself (nobody else will).
   /o)\ Dr.Dickhead L>ily< Vulis K>ondom< Of The Minute
   \(o/

@_date: 1997-02-01 15:54:09
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Degaussing diskettes 
Dr.Dopehead L[ice] Vilus K[rust]OfTheMoment wears satin lingerie
embroidered with pink swastikas, prancing around for his faggot,
AIDS infected lovers.
             \|/
             @ @
        -oOO-(_)-OOo- Dr.Dopehead L[ice] Vilus K[rust]OfTheMoment

@_date: 1997-02-01 22:47:18
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: "Secret" Postal Device stolen 
Don't let the old-fashioned look deceive you.  Most mail storage boxes
use lever tumbler locks (similar to what's used in safe deposit
vaults, though obviously the mailbox locks have a flimsier plug).
Lever tumbler locks are in general much harder to pick than pin
tumbler locks (the kind on most doors).

@_date: 1997-02-01 22:50:56
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Media seekers, reputation and banishment 
Dr.Dimwit Vibrator K>ockock<OfTheMoment
         (V)
  ---oOo--U--oOo---

@_date: 1997-02-01 23:02:02
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] Cypherpunks Shooting Club 
Dense Vomit is so in love with himself, he cries out his own
name when orgasming. Then again, no one else is ever around.
            __[I]__
              o-o'
       __oOo__(-)_oOo__ Dense Vomit
               V

@_date: 1997-02-02 00:02:06
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] Mondex 
Dr.Deceptive Vilest K[rud]OfTheMoment will fuck anything that
moves, but he'd rather be fucking his own mother's dead body.
        /\_./o__ Dr.Deceptive Vilest K[rud]OfTheMoment
       (/^/(_^^'
      ._.(_.)_

@_date: 1997-02-02 02:11:33
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: "Secret" Postal Device stolen 
Don't let the old-fashioned look deceive you.  Most mail storage boxes
use lever tumbler locks (similar to what's used in safe deposit
vaults, though obviously the mailbox locks have a flimsier plug).
Lever tumbler locks are in general much harder to pick than pin
tumbler locks (the kind on most doors).

@_date: 1997-02-02 17:22:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [OFF-TOPIC] Newt's phone calls 
Dipshit Viscera K Of The Month will fuck anything that
moves, but he'd rather be fucking his own mother's dead body.
 ^-^-^-
      (..)     Dipshit Viscera K Of The Month

@_date: 1997-02-03 00:48:13
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: PGPmail 4.5 exported 
There is a pgpmail45.exe at ftp.hacktic.nl/pub/replay/pub/incoming.
The file has an md5 sum of 'ffd56d7647c30152a5c9fe7616a3d9ef'.
Could somebody who bought the software check that this is the same
It is presumably free for use outside of North America, since PGP
Inc. can't be expected to accept payment from foreigners... :-)

@_date: 1997-02-03 07:10:43
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: PGPmail 4.5 exported 
There is a pgpmail45.exe at ftp.hacktic.nl/pub/replay/pub/incoming.
The file has an md5 sum of 'ffd56d7647c30152a5c9fe7616a3d9ef'.
Could somebody who bought the software check that this is the same
It is presumably free for use outside of North America, since PGP
Inc. can't be expected to accept payment from foreigners... :-)

@_date: 1997-02-03 07:25:43
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Voice Encrytion/Scrambling 
Can anyone comment on and give pointers to devices designed to
encrypt voice transmission over POTS lines?  I am interested in the respective sound qualities (if you've tried it) and
relative strengths of encryption algorithms.  Thus far, I've found:
The first on the list claims to use RSA but gives no ordering
or pricing information.  Conversely, the last two seem more
"available", however they are each vague on the specifics of
their respective encryption/scrambling algorithm.  Anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-03 15:29:08
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: now we know why it was called altavista! 
Cylink (CYLK) announced today that the government has approved export of
   the company's security products containing strong encryption.
   Likewise, Digital Equipment (DEC) has also won approval and plans to
   begin shipments of encryption-enabled networking and system software
   immediately.
   A third company, Trusted Information Systems, effectively had approval
   before January 1 because of its existing key recovery technology.

@_date: 1997-02-03 15:56:08
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: now we know why it was called altavista! 
Cylink (CYLK) announced today that the government has approved export of
   the company's security products containing strong encryption.
   Likewise, Digital Equipment (DEC) has also won approval and plans to
   begin shipments of encryption-enabled networking and system software
   immediately.
   A third company, Trusted Information Systems, effectively had approval
   before January 1 because of its existing key recovery technology.

@_date: 1997-02-04 18:04:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
The main difference between Tim C. Maypole and shit is that shit smells better.
       o       o
     /<         >\ Tim C. Maypole
     \\\_______///
     //         \\

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:25:51
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
The main difference between Tim C. Maypole and shit is that shit smells better.
       o       o
     /<         >\ Tim C. Maypole
     \\\_______///
     //         \\

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:16:14
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
IDEA vs DES vs Blowfish vs RSAREF
Which of these symmetric algorithms are the hardest to break and what are their characteristics.

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:59:17
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
IDEA vs DES vs Blowfish vs RSAREF
Which of these symmetric algorithms are the hardest to break and what are their characteristics.

@_date: 1997-02-05 19:27:59
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: pgpmail 4.5 
There is a pgpmail45.exe at ftp.hacktic.nl/pub/replay/pub/incoming.
The file has an md5 sum of 'ffd56d7647c30152a5c9fe7616a3d9ef'.
i downloaded the same.  md5 5ea438501d0133f0849c2fe8f9125b6b
can someone clear this up?

@_date: 1997-02-05 19:55:55
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: pgpmail 4.5 
There is a pgpmail45.exe at ftp.hacktic.nl/pub/replay/pub/incoming.
The file has an md5 sum of 'ffd56d7647c30152a5c9fe7616a3d9ef'.
i downloaded the same.  md5 5ea438501d0133f0849c2fe8f9125b6b
can someone clear this up?

@_date: 1997-02-06 22:01:39
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dr. Denning 
Dimwit Vermin is a pimply dweeb sitting at a computer chortling
at his own imagined cleverness.
   _<_
  (_|_(  Dimwit Vermin
 `-----'

@_date: 1997-02-06 23:10:56
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dr. Denning 
Dimwit Vermin is a pimply dweeb sitting at a computer chortling
at his own imagined cleverness.
   _<_
  (_|_(  Dimwit Vermin
 `-----'

@_date: 1997-02-06 23:27:35
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [PICS] forgery detection 
When Deadwood Vulgar K[arcass]OTM's mother gave birth to him
after fucking with a bunch of sailors, she didn't know who the
father was but decided to tell him that he was a Russian as the
Russian sailor was the one who satisfied her the most.
     /\ \  / /\
    //\\ .. //\\ Deadwood Vulgar K[arcass]OTM
    //\((  ))/\\
    /  < `' >  \

@_date: 1997-02-07 06:55:51
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [PICS] forgery detection 
When Deadwood Vulgar K[arcass]OTM's mother gave birth to him
after fucking with a bunch of sailors, she didn't know who the
father was but decided to tell him that he was a Russian as the
Russian sailor was the one who satisfied her the most.
     /\ \  / /\
    //\\ .. //\\ Deadwood Vulgar K[arcass]OTM
    //\((  ))/\\
    /  < `' >  \

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:14:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
:When I was in the Perot camp
Gotta be Dale!
A measure of my health; I admit preferring the invective of Tim and Dr. V. to this purile nonsense.
Pablum for the c'punk masses.

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:22:24
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
Many forgeries are traceable with mathematical certainty to feebleminded Timmy C. May's poison           .oooO           Oooo.
          (   )   _   _   (   )
           \ (   / ) ( \   ) /
        ----\_)-/ (---) \-(_/----
               (   ) (   )
               oooO   Oooo

@_date: 1997-02-07 12:00:32
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
:When I was in the Perot camp
Gotta be Dale!
A measure of my health; I admit preferring the invective of Tim and Dr. V. to this purile nonsense.
Pablum for the c'punk masses.

@_date: 1997-02-07 12:00:33
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
Many forgeries are traceable with mathematical certainty to feebleminded Timmy C. May's poison           .oooO           Oooo.
          (   )   _   _   (   )
           \ (   / ) ( \   ) /
        ----\_)-/ (---) \-(_/----
               (   ) (   )
               oooO   Oooo

@_date: 1997-02-07 19:11:58
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Hash functions 
Timothy C. Mayo's reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is cross-ruminated.
        o      o o o   o
       /~>    <><><>   <> Timothy C. Mayo
    o...(\    ||||||   ||

@_date: 1997-02-07 20:25:57
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Hash functions 
Timothy C. Mayo's reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is cross-ruminated.
        o      o o o   o
       /~>    <><><>   <> Timothy C. Mayo
    o...(\    ||||||   ||

@_date: 1997-02-08 04:16:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Montgolfiering Spoof 
Desperado Vampire K]ock[ Of The Month died of AIDS last night
with his prepubescent lover.
         \\\
        (0 0)
    _ooO_(_)_Ooo____ Desperado Vampire K]ock[ Of The Month

@_date: 1997-02-08 10:50:10
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Decision in Karn Case 
Dr.Degenerate Vulis K[rust]OfTheMoment likes to be the man in
the middle, getting it both up the ass and in his mouth.
   o   \ o /  _ o         __|    \ /     |__        o _  \ o /   o
  /|\    |     /\   ___\o   \o    |    o/    o/__   /\     |    /|\   / \   / \   | \  /)  |    ( \  /o\  / )    |  (\  / |   / \   / \
     Dr.Degenerate Vulis K[rust]OfTheMoment

@_date: 1997-02-08 19:19:04
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [STEGO] PRNG 
Timothy May sits at his terminal dressed in five-inch stiletto heels, fishnet stockings, a gold-lame mini-skirt, a purple halter with girdle underneath to keep in his flabby gut, a Fredericks of Hollywood padded bra also underneath the halter, a cheap Naomi Sims pink afro wig, waiting to yank his crank whenever a black man responds to one of his inane rants.
    < >            < >
     V    )_.._(    V
     \\   <____>   //
       ~ <______> ~      >
       /~\______/~\     //
       /~\_____/~\     /_\
       /~\____/~\     /_\
        /~\___/\~\  _/_\/
           \___/\__/__\/
             \___/__\/

@_date: 1997-02-09 10:21:58
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Dimitri? 
Dead Vulgar K>rust< Of The Moment's police record is many times
longer than his prick (well, that's not hard).
      o_o
     (   )  Dead Vulgar K>rust< Of The Moment
    ( | | )
    ' " " `

@_date: 1997-02-09 14:09:17
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [PVT] Export restrictions 
Drunkard Vindictive K[ock] Of The Minute wears satin lingerie
embroidered with pink swastikas, prancing around for his homosexual,
AIDS infected lovers.
      o_o
     (   )  Drunkard Vindictive K[ock] Of The Minute
    ( | | )
    ' " " `

@_date: 1997-02-09 18:40:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: None 
Timothy `C' May's obsessive masturbation has lead to advanced degree of blindness and hairy palms.
         o-:^>___? Timothy `C' May
         `~~c--^c'

@_date: 1997-02-09 20:06:48
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [CRYPTO RELEVANT] Hardening mailing lists against spam attacks 
Degenerate L[oad] Vomit is the living proof that anal sex causes
       )_(
      [@  Degenerate L[oad] Vomit
/ \|
       \O/

@_date: 1997-02-09 21:31:56
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Black English 
In a jerk-off competition Dr.Dopehead Vitriolic K[arcass]OfTheMonth
finishes second, third and fifth.
       D\___/\
        (0_o)   Dr.Dopehead Vitriolic K[arcass]OfTheMonth
         (V)
  ---oOo--U--oOo---

@_date: 1997-02-10 12:21:53
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Zero-knowledge commit 
Tim C. Mayonnaise sits at his terminal dressed in five-inch stiletto heels, fishnet stockings, a gold-lame mini-skirt, a purple halter with girdle underneath to keep in his flabby gut, a Fredericks of Hollywood padded bra also underneath the halter, a cheap Naomi Sims pink afro wig, waiting to yank his crank whenever a black man responds to one of his inane          \\\
        (0 0)
    _ooO_(_)_Ooo____ Tim C. Mayonnaise

@_date: 1997-02-10 18:22:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: PRNG 
Here, Timmy Mayo descends into total inanity. He should have a cold shower and/or a Turkish coffee.
       ----
      '@  *> Timmy Mayo
\   7
     / `-- _

@_date: 1997-02-10 19:26:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: 40-bit encryption keys 
Derogatory L[oathe] Vilus K[ankersore] Of The Minute will fuck
anything that moves, but he'd rather be fucking his own daughter's
prepubescent body.
          \
         o/\_ Derogatory L[oathe] Vilus K[ankersore] Of The Minute
        <\__,\
         '\,  |

@_date: 1997-02-11 09:46:20
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Spamming the list 
When Derogatory Virus K]ankersore[OfTheMoment's mother gave birth to
him after fucking with a bunch of sailors, she didn't know who the
father was but decided to tell him that he was a Russian as the
Russian sailor was the one who satisfied her the most.
          o/ Derogatory Virus K]ankersore[OfTheMoment
         <|
         / >

@_date: 1997-02-11 11:49:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: GAK 
Tim C[ocksucker] May is just a poor excuse for an unschooled, retarded thug.
        Tim C[ocksucker] May
      /-+-- --+X
     />        <\

@_date: 1997-02-12 07:10:20
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Forgery detection 
Timothy C[rook] Maya's police record is many times longer than his prick (well, that's not hard).
 /\        /\
+  \______/  +
   / .  . \
  <   /    >
   \ \--/ /
    ------

@_date: 1997-02-12 13:38:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Diffie Hellman signatures 
Dr.Dead Vomit the self-admitted child molester possesses a
rudimentary dick less than one inch long, half the size of his
mother's clitoris, that barely makes a fistful. Thereby hangs the
root of this Jew-hating sissy's sick fixation on little boys and
Usenet forgeries.
    _   /|
    `o_O'   Dr.Dead Vomit
     ( )
      U

@_date: 1997-02-13 08:05:58
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dale-Further proof 
Yet another Dale day (blah):
:Date: Wed, 12 Feb 1997 22:37:58 -0800
:From: dthorn at gte.net (Dale Thorn)
:To: cypherpunks at toad.com
:CC: dlv at bwalk.dm.com
:Another blood stain on Gilmore's shroud, as it were.
As further evidence that Dale is unworthy to participate in any socially interactive behaviour other than grinding (that is, grinding) his nose in the naysayers, collective ass, I submit that he posts mixed and otherwise unclear metaphores.
Ipso facto.
As difficult as the good doctor can be, Dale is not intellectually worthy to lick his boots, though he tries.
And, cc: Doctor V., no less. What cabal is this with cc's in the clear? Love you, fella.
(You can tell, can't you.)

@_date: 1997-02-13 08:56:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dale-Further proof 
Yet another Dale day (blah):
:Date: Wed, 12 Feb 1997 22:37:58 -0800
:From: dthorn at gte.net (Dale Thorn)
:To: cypherpunks at toad.com
:CC: dlv at bwalk.dm.com
:Another blood stain on Gilmore's shroud, as it were.
As further evidence that Dale is unworthy to participate in any socially interactive behaviour other than grinding (that is, grinding) his nose in the naysayers, collective ass, I submit that he posts mixed and otherwise unclear metaphores.
Ipso facto.
As difficult as the good doctor can be, Dale is not intellectually worthy to lick his boots, though he tries.
And, cc: Doctor V., no less. What cabal is this with cc's in the clear? Love you, fella.
(You can tell, can't you.)

@_date: 1997-02-13 17:40:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: OTP 
Tim C[rook] May digs into his cesspool of a mind for his mailing list      o   \ o /  _ o         __|    \ /     |__        o _  \ o /   o
    /|\    |     /\   ___\o   \o    |    o/    o/__   /\     |    /|\ Tim C[rook] May
    / \   / \   | \  /)  |    ( \  /o\  / )    |  (\  / |   / \   / \

@_date: 1997-02-13 19:57:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dale disses gays. 
:Another funny thing - I'm an ordinary English/Welsh/Dutch White :person,
Makes me hate myself.
:and I've had plenty of White friends, and an equal percentage of :Black friends given the number of Black people I've known, but I've :never had a friend who was gay or lesbian, as far as I know, and I :think I could tell.
How, Dale, by the smell?
:I can only guess that the gays are very clique-ish,
:or their brains are wired differently than non-gays.
Perhaps the hard wiring makes it possible for them to avoid bigots like you. Sign him up to pass out the pink triangles.
What a fraud!
Still love you, big guy.
Can you tell?

@_date: 1997-02-13 20:56:13
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dale disses gays. 
:Another funny thing - I'm an ordinary English/Welsh/Dutch White :person,
Makes me hate myself.
:and I've had plenty of White friends, and an equal percentage of :Black friends given the number of Black people I've known, but I've :never had a friend who was gay or lesbian, as far as I know, and I :think I could tell.
How, Dale, by the smell?
:I can only guess that the gays are very clique-ish,
:or their brains are wired differently than non-gays.
Perhaps the hard wiring makes it possible for them to avoid bigots like you. Sign him up to pass out the pink triangles.
What a fraud!
Still love you, big guy.
Can you tell?

@_date: 1997-02-16 08:43:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dale: What a laff! 
:Wine and cheese are the key.  You hit that one on the head.  I tried
:those Mensa parties in Beverly Hills a few times.
Oh what a kidder this Dale is.  At Mensa party no less!!
Whatta farce!
Still love you fella.

@_date: 1997-02-16 09:57:48
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dale: What a laff! 
:Wine and cheese are the key.  You hit that one on the head.  I tried
:those Mensa parties in Beverly Hills a few times.
Oh what a kidder this Dale is.  At Mensa party no less!!
Whatta farce!
Still love you fella.

@_date: 1997-02-28 18:16:09
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: GAK 
Timmy May was born when his mother was on the        _
      {~}
     ( V-) Timmy May
     '|Y|'
     _|||_

@_date: 1997-01-03 12:57:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailer at DHP.com 
Whom are you asking?  Personally, I use at least 4 remailers for every
message I send.  I have a chain of 3 I trust, and have premail
automatically select a reliable remailer for the last hop.  It may
just be that dhp.com has been high on the list lately.  So a lot of
messages have been coming from there.

@_date: 1997-01-03 23:43:14
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] ElGamal 
Tim C[ocksucker] May proves that the Midwestern gene pool needs some chlorine in it.
        /\ \  / /\
       //\\ .. //\\ Tim C[ocksucker] May
       //\((  ))/\\
       /  < `' >  \

@_date: 1997-01-04 20:38:41
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Judge Bork on Ebonics 
Thank you for taking the trouble to type in Bork's thoughts.  You
might enjoy reading the introduction to his book on antitrust law.  He
eloquently demonstrates how antitrust law is designed and implemented
to undermine the rule of law.  The participants are fully aware of
their actions and Bork documents it.
Nonetheless, I have some disagreements with Judge Bork.  I believe he
is too eager to lump "multi-culturalists" and "revisionists" into one
coherent mass.  He also seems to ignore the many substantive and
interesting points raised by the revisionists.
If it is the case that no new facts are known about Columbus, which
probably isn't true anyway, then we have to seriously question what
people were thinking in 1892.  See "Lies My Teacher Told Me:
Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong" by James W.
Loewen for a full treatment.
The summary: Columbus was a bad man who lead the Spanish government in
causing the deaths of about 8 million people.  How can we rever such a
monster?  Why did people in 1892 do so?
Less dramatically, Columbus's visionary belief in a round world was
not as visionary as claimed.  Many people were aware of this fact at
the time.  There are many similar examples of mythmaking.
What has changed since 1892 is intellectual integrity and it has
changed for the better.  Of course, in 1892 the United States was just
completing one of the most successful land grabs in history.  One can
either concede a strong belief in the right of conquest or one can lie
about it.  In 1892 they lied about it.
If Universities were run like businesses serving customers, this
question would not even have to be raised.  Students may study
whatever they are willing to pay for.
This I disagree with.  There is nothing magical about promoting
"tradition".  I much prefer to study the most worthwhile literature
and philosophical ideas available regardless of their source.  While
Shakespeare is certainly worth studying, Sun Tzu is at least as
worthwhile, depending on one's goals.
But this is exactly what the Universities and other "educational"
institutions in the United States have been doing for years.
This is simply false.  When people argue about the curriculum at
Stanford University, they are arguing about the education of a group
composed primarily of young wealthy European-Americans.
I am very skeptical of Bork's claim.  For example, the method of
admitting states to the Union and granting them nearly equal status
with the existing states does not, I believe, have precedent in
European history.  However, this is how the Five Nation Iroquois
functioned.  At first glance, it seems reasonable to suggest that the
authors of the Constitution got this idea from the Iroquois.  If
anybody knows otherwise, I would be most interested to hear about it.
"Lies My Teacher Told Me" had this fascinating passage on page 103:
"In the 1740s the Iroquois wearied of dealing with several often
bickering English colonies and suggested that the colonies form a
union similar to the league [i.e., the Iroquois -ed.].  In 1754
Benjamin Franklin, who had spent much time among the Iroquois
observing their deliberations, pleaded with colonial leaders to
consider the Albany Plan of Union: "It would be a strange thing if six
nations of ignorant savages should be capable of forming a scheme for
such a union and be able to execute it in such a manner as that it has
subsisted ages and appears insoluble; and yet that a like union should
be impracticable for ten or a dozen English colonies.'"
Consider this excerpt from page 104: "For a hundred years after our
Revolution, Americans credited Native Americans as a source of their
democratic institutions.  Revolutionary-era cartoonists used images of
Indians to represent the colonies against Britain.  Virginia's patriot
rifle companies wore Indian clothes and moccasins as they fought the
redcoats.  When colonists took action to oppose unjust authority, as
in the Boston Tea Party or the anti-rent protests against Dutch
plantations in the Hudson River Valley during the 1840s, they chose to
dress as Indians, not to blame Indians for the demonstrations but to
appropriate a symbol identified with liberty."
Or consider this, also from page 104: "As a symbol of the new United
States, Americans chose the eagle clutching a bundle of arrows.  They
knew that both the eagle and the arrows were symbols of the Iroquois
League.  Although one arrow is easily broken, no one can break six (or
thirteen) at once."
The truth is, many revisionists have many interesting things to say.
Disturbingly, I have noticed that the anti-revisionists have a marked
tendency towards ad hominem attack and seldom address the specific
points raised.  My belief is that many established historians see
themselves as promoting a "tradition" and not as searchers for truth.
I would like to hear opposing points of view if backed up by evidence.
(Lowewen, for instance, has some squirrelly values and there are a
number of errors in his book.)
Loewen claims that Schlesinger wrote an entire book on the Jackson
administration in which he omitted any reference to the forcible
relocation of the Cherokees from Georgia to Oklahoma.  Regardless of
whether one cares about such crimes - and one should - this episode is
worth studying for its Constitutional implications alone.
The Cherokees had a treaty with the United States Government.  They
took their case to the Supreme Court.  Chief Justice of the United
States John Marshall ordered that the Cherokees be left alone.  Andrew
Jackson replied "I'd like to see John Marshall stop me."  Jackson, a
former general, was presumably popular with the Army.
I haven't verified Loewen's claim, but I have read an essay by
Schlesinger in which he attacks historical revisionism without
actually addressing any claim by the revisionists.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1997-01-07 08:40:34
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: infowar - defense - DOD 
DoD Information Warfare (IW)               Department of Defense
              Topic(s): Government BPR Project Reports     [Home]
              Document Listing by: [Title] [Author] [Topic] [Coverage] [Source] Abstract: Lead Agency: OASD (C31)
Functional Area: Command and Control
Project Title: DoD Information Warfare (IW) Functional Area: Command & Control Lead Agency: OASD(C3I) Summary: To achieve information superiority in support of national military strategy, a joint DoD team reengineered DoD Information Warfare
processes. A high-level model was developed to provide a consensus view of key processes and data. This evaluation will lead to the
development of a national IW policy, an assessment of IW vulnerability, and a standard risk management process. Description: The mission of this project was to develop a baseline activity model for current IW processes, identify improvement opportunities,
and recommend a plan for the application of Business Process Reengineering to IW. Representatives from the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS), Army,
Navy, Air Force, Marines, Defense Intelligence Agency, National Security Agency, and the Defense Information Systems Agency participated in
the project. Improvements: Nine specific improvements were identified including: Development of a joint, coordinated effort to identify and assess the vulnerabilities of military operations and systems and the defense information
infrastructure. Development of a standardized process for risk management. Development of a national policy for the conduct of IW. Benefit: The improvements will provide an improved ability to achieve information superiority in support of national military strategy by affecting
adversary information, information systems, and information processes while leveraging and defending U.S. information, information systems, and
information processes. Predicted Savings: Not reported Investment: Not reported Point of Contact: LCOL Liz Anderson OASD (C3I) IW 6000 Defense Pentagon Washington, D.C. 20301-6000 (703)614-0624 DSN: 224-0624 INFOWAR.WPD 3252D.html

@_date: 1997-01-07 17:47:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Zero-knowledge commit 
Timmy C[retin] May the self-admitted child molester possesses a rudimentary dick less than one inch long, half the size of his mother's clitoris, that barely makes a fistful. Thereby hangs the root of this Jew-hating sissy's sick fixation on little boys and Usenet forgeries.
           .
          (}o o{)
       -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Timmy C[retin] May

@_date: 1997-01-07 22:08:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: What about postscript? 
What if somebody wanted to publish the source code of an encryption
program in book form, but make the book dowloadable freely from an ftp site
using postscript or PDF format. Surely, the government will be
hard pressed to argue the difference between paper media and electronic
media here, since the files downloaded cannot be used to encrypt
or decrypt data, without somebody first typing in the source.
Maybe MIT or PGP should convert at least part of the PGP book
into postscript and then request Commerce Department clearance to
make it publically available. That should make for a nice court battle.
If somebody argues that sophisticated programs can extract the text out of
postscript files, what about providing JPEG images of pages of the book?

@_date: 1997-01-08 07:09:10
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Moderation 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You mispeled "since you challenged John Gilmore to remove you from
the list".

@_date: 1997-01-09 23:47:22
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: One-time pads 
Timmy May is widely recognized on the net, because of his frequent vitriolic postings, as someone/thing ready to cut off his own penis to spite the testicles, although his friends recognize him better from the rear.
              0
            //\/ Timmy May
           \/\
         ... /

@_date: 1997-01-17 16:56:41
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Forgery detection 
Timmy C. May's reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is cross-ruminated.
          (0 0)
      _ooO_(_)_Ooo__ Timmy C. May

@_date: 1997-01-18 00:37:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: ftp sites for Applied Cryptography 2E. 
All the ftp sites I've found with the source code from
Applied Cryptography had the source code from the first
edition. I assume there are changes and additions to the
source code in the second edition. Are there any ftp sites
with the the newer code?

@_date: 1997-01-18 02:07:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Eudora PGP 
If somebody wants to play with the new Eudora PGP
but don't have Eudora Pro 3.0, it is available at
Btw, is it legal for a moderator to let messages
like this one through to the list...?

@_date: 1997-01-19 11:38:13
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [STEGO] Sphere packings 
Tim C. May will fuck anything that moves, but he'd rather be fucking his own mother's dead body.
         \|/
        (*,*) Tim C. May
       _m_-_m_

@_date: 1997-01-19 21:54:33
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: infinity & set membership 
I presume this is a reference to Jim's earlier post:
Of course this same argument could be used to claim that pi is
also rational.  pi =  314159.... / n  (where n=infinity).
What could be the problem here?  One problem might be that an integer
(not including infinity) divided by "infinity" should be 0.
The p/q definition of rational numbers does not rely on "infinity"
being a member of the set of integers.  Also, we rarely hear this
dialogue: "Give me an integer."  "Okay - infinity!"
Still, let's define a set which contains the integers as well as
positive and negative "infinity".  I will call this set the
Let's add some reasonable rules for working with +inf and -inf.  n is
a non-zero positive traditional integer.
a. -inf = +inf * -1
b. +inf * n = +inf
c. +inf + n = +inf
d. +inf / +inf = 1
Operations involving multiplication or division of +inf and zero are
Using these definitions, you will find that the p/q definition of
rational numbers operates as expected on the set of Choate-integers.
The argument I supplied earlier for the rational nature of 0.1234...
still holds.
Math Man

@_date: 1997-01-19 22:11:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: infinity & set membership 
I presume this is a reference to Jim's earlier post:
Of course this same argument could be used to claim that pi is
also rational.  pi =  314159.... / n  (where n=infinity).
What could be the problem here?  One problem might be that an integer
(not including infinity) divided by "infinity" should be 0.
The p/q definition of rational numbers does not rely on "infinity"
being a member of the set of integers.  Also, we rarely hear this
dialogue: "Give me an integer."  "Okay - infinity!"
Still, let's define a set which contains the integers as well as
positive and negative "infinity".  I will call this set the
Let's add some reasonable rules for working with +inf and -inf.  n is
a non-zero positive traditional integer.
a. -inf = +inf * -1
b. +inf * n = +inf
c. +inf + n = +inf
d. +inf / +inf = 1
Operations involving multiplication or division of +inf and zero are
Using these definitions, you will find that the p/q definition of
rational numbers operates as expected on the set of Choate-integers.
The argument I supplied earlier for the rational nature of 0.1234...
still holds.
Math Man

@_date: 1997-01-20 06:06:29
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: test message 
This is sent to cypherpunks-outgoing-ksiuw.
Will it make it to the cypherpunks list?

@_date: 1997-01-27 13:30:53
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Shave the Whales 
Dr.Disruptive Vasectomy died of AIDS last night with his
homosexual lover.
             \|/
             @ @
        -oOO-(_)-OOo- Dr.Disruptive Vasectomy

@_date: 1997-01-27 14:11:21
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Shave the Whales 
Dr.Disruptive Vasectomy died of AIDS last night with his
homosexual lover.
             \|/
             @ @
        -oOO-(_)-OOo- Dr.Disruptive Vasectomy

@_date: 1997-01-27 15:56:08
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Senator Exon 
Dr.Dopefiend Viscera K'ock`OfTheMinute is a pimply dweeb sitting
at a computer chortling at his own imagined cleverness.
             \|/
             @ @
        -oOO-(_)-OOo- Dr.Dopefiend Viscera K'ock`OfTheMinute

@_date: 1997-01-27 16:17:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Lucifer 
Dimitri Vinyl K{rap} Of The Moment styles his facial hair to
look more like pubic hair.
 v-v-v-
      (..)     Dimitri Vinyl K{rap} Of The Moment

@_date: 1997-01-27 16:28:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] New keyserver available 
Dr.Deviant Vulis K>ocksucker< Of The Minute studied yoga back-
stretching exercises for five years so he could blow himself
(nobody else will).
    _.._        _.._
  ,','"_:./\/\,'_ `.`.
 /_:--:_ ( oo ) _:--:_\ Dr.Deviant Vulis K>ocksucker< Of The Minute

@_date: 1997-01-27 16:57:08
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [STEGO] PGP 3 
Dr.Dildo L[oser] Vegetable K[ankersore]OfTheMinute has been
fired for anally raping officemates.
          \
         o/\_ Dr.Dildo L[oser] Vegetable K[ankersore]OfTheMinute
        <\__,\
         '\,  |

@_date: 1997-01-27 16:57:42
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCE] overview.htm 
Dogfucker L[amer] Vinegar K[rud]OfTheMonth died of AIDS last
night with his queer lover.
            ///
           (0 0)
    ____ooO_(_)_Ooo__ Dogfucker L[amer] Vinegar K[rud]OfTheMonth

@_date: 1997-01-27 16:58:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: X.500 
Dr.Dimitri Vicious K[reep]OfTheMonth's wee-wee is so tiny that
only his mommy is allowed to touch it.
 v-v-v-
      (..)     Dr.Dimitri Vicious K[reep]OfTheMonth

@_date: 1997-01-27 16:59:00
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Cellular location 
Dead Vasectomy KOTM has been fired for stealing blow jobs.
(~\/~) /~'\ /`~\   _    _
`\  /'(    `    ) ( `\/' )
  `'   `\     /'  `\    /' Dead Vasectomy KOTM
         `\ /'      `\/'
           '

@_date: 1997-01-27 18:34:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Bell Curve 
.-.     .-.     .-.     .-.     .-.     .-.     .-.
  --/---\---/---\---/---\---/---\---/---\---/---\---/---\---/-
         `-'     `-'     `-'     `-'     `-'     `-'     `-'

@_date: 1997-01-27 20:10:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] Airport Security 
Dumpy Vilus wears satin lingerie embroidered with pink
swastikas, prancing around for his homosexual, AIDS infected
        _
       / '
   /><\ Dumpy Vilus
  //[ `' ]\\

@_date: 1997-01-28 05:33:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: A moment with Dale (Rejection policy, etc.) 
Why do I do this?
Typical Dale. A moment with Dale. Stories from the past.
However, there may be some grain of truth in this. Such socket poking might well explain Dale's (shall I say) specialness.
He went backwards quickly and has, relentlessly, never reversed direction. Too bad he didn't keep on doing it again and again.
Ho hum. More Dale.

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:13:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [GAK] FBI at it again 
Dr.Dimitri L"iposuction" Vegetable had his foreskin ripped off
last night by a vacuum cleaner.
   ,/         \,
  ((__,-"""-,__))
   `--)~   ~(--`
  .-'(       )`-, Dr.Dimitri L"iposuction" Vegetable
  `~~`d\   /b`~~`
     |
      (6___6)
       `---`

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:13:40
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dale on his podium 
Reply-To: dthorn at gte.net
Who gives a rat's ass, Dale? What a waste.
Babes? Types?

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:17:17
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Trolling with Dale (a bite) 
Yes, Dale, let's Sounds reasonable to me, especially contact with germs (Who says "germs?"), and sexual contact. Take it on the road, Dale. Yes, nebulous! Extraordinaire (on average), certainly.
At the risk of being offed by the moderator, I do believe that Dale is masturbating when he writes nonsense such as this. Perhaps "masterbating" as opposed to j.o. will pass muster.
Dale makes an excellent case for having a moderated list right here. What do his nutball beyond-the-fringe remarks have to do with crypto, privacy, security? Cripes, in the old days even an _accurate_ off-list remark would open a blast furnace of condemnation, a la Jim B.
If the list won't moderate itself to "guide" the Dale's, it DESERVES to be moderated. He's gotta be trolling to keep it hard. (Dangerous ground here!) Read "erect" for "keep it hard."
I suggest even (even!) "Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM" would disavow this pseudo-scientific nonsense regardless of his stated feelings toward homosexuals which I do not share but, nevertheless, believe may be aired.
Step up, Doc.
P.S. Does tripe such as Dale's latest make the mod list?

@_date: 1997-01-28 19:04:10
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] FBI at it again 
Dr.Drunken Virus wears satin lingerie embroidered with pink
swastikas, prancing around for his homosexual, AIDS infected
          ___
        {~._.~}
         ( Y ) Dr.Drunken Virus
        ()~*~()
        (_)-(_)

@_date: 1997-01-28 19:10:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: He's back 
Dr.Dumbbell Virus K]retin[ Of The Moment enjoys sucking the puss
from his syphilitic queer friends.
   ,_,
*-._W_,-* Dr.Dumbbell Virus K]retin[ Of The Moment
 `-;-;-'
   " "

@_date: 1997-01-28 23:46:15
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Meet-in-the-middle attack 
The main difference between Tim Maya and shit is that shit smells better.
            __[I]__
              o-o'
       __oOo__(-)_oOo__ Tim Maya
               V

@_date: 1997-01-29 10:05:31
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
The wealthy also use libel suits to suppress dissent.  Greg's point
that poor people aren't worth suing is only true if the motivation is
financial.  Often it is not.  Conveniently, many of those whose
silence is desired are among the petty bourgeouis and have a net worth
of roughly $50,000.  Enough to make the suit appear legitimate, but
not enough to allow the target to brush off the legal fees, if they
win the case.
Consider also the artificial distinction between private and public
figures.  It is easier for a private figure to sue for libel.  Yet,
the most influential people in the country are private figures.
Reporters must tread very carefully when covering the activities of
these people.  Thus, we hear little of them.
It would be interesting to know when libel law was first introduced to
the United States.  Does anybody know?
John Peter Zenger

@_date: 1997-01-29 11:19:59
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
The wealthy also use libel suits to suppress dissent.  Greg's point
that poor people aren't worth suing is only true if the motivation is
financial.  Often it is not.  Conveniently, many of those whose
silence is desired are among the petty bourgeouis and have a net worth
of roughly $50,000.  Enough to make the suit appear legitimate, but
not enough to allow the target to brush off the legal fees, if they
win the case.
Consider also the artificial distinction between private and public
figures.  It is easier for a private figure to sue for libel.  Yet,
the most influential people in the country are private figures.
Reporters must tread very carefully when covering the activities of
these people.  Thus, we hear little of them.
It would be interesting to know when libel law was first introduced to
the United States.  Does anybody know?
John Peter Zenger

@_date: 1997-01-29 21:50:32
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Passphrase security 
Deadwood Vilest K"arcinogen"OfTheMonth is so vile because rancid
semen is dripping from all of his orifices.
    ^ ^
   (o o) Deadwood Vilest K"arcinogen"OfTheMonth
    ( )
   \___/
    !_!

@_date: 1997-01-30 12:07:30
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [GSM] ElGamal 
Dumbbell Vasectomy's abysmal grammer, atrocious spelling and
feeble responses clearly identify him as a product of the
American education system.
    _.._        _.._
  ,','"_:./\/\,'_ `.`.
 /_:--:_ ( oo ) _:--:_\ Dumbbell Vasectomy

@_date: 1997-01-30 12:13:02
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [FWD] Elliptic curves 
Dr.Dimitri Vagina K[ondom] Of The Moment has been fired for
anally raping officemates.
       _  O     O  _
        \-|-\_/-|-/  Dr.Dimitri Vagina K[ondom] Of The Moment
         /^\   /^\
        ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:12:58
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRIVIUM] S/MIME 
Dr.Disruptive L[eakage] Vulis does NOT eat pussy. He only eats
asshole if it's got a big dick up in front. Whoever calls him
bisexual is a fucking liar. He likes to suck cocks in front of
an audience.
        /\_./o__ Dr.Disruptive L[eakage] Vulis
       (/^/(_^^'
      ._.(_.)_

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:13:12
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Degausser 
Deceptive L Violent K Of The Moment enjoys sucking
the puss from his syphilitic homosexual friends.
   /o)\ Deceptive L Violent K Of The Moment
   \(o/

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:14:47
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Spam filters 
Deviant Vitriolic KOTM likes to be the man in the middle,
getting it both up the ass and in his mouth.
 ^-^-^-
      (..)     Deviant Vitriolic KOTM

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:36:42
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Clipper chip 
Dick Vandal will fuck anything that moves, but he'd rather be
fucking his own mother's dead body.
      /^\
 |
     _| |____ Dick Vandal
 | | | |
   <| | | | |
    \_______|

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:37:43
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [PGP] PEM 
Dr.Deadwood L[apdancer] Vasectomy K[retin]OTM likes to be the
man in the middle, getting it both up the ass and in his mouth.
            ///
           (0 0)
    ____ooO_(_)_Ooo__ Dr.Deadwood L[apdancer] Vasectomy K[retin]OTM

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:57:43
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [OFF-TOPIC] Alphabet frequency charts 
Dinghy Violent K)arcass(OfTheMonth wears satin lingerie
embroidered with pink swastikas, prancing around for his
homosexual, AIDS infected lovers.
        /\_./o__ Dinghy Violent K)arcass(OfTheMonth
       (/^/(_^^'
      ._.(_.)_

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:57:53
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Denial of service attack 
Disruptive Viscera K[ondom] Of The Minute grew a beard to look
like his mother.
(~\/~) /~'\ /`~\   _    _
`\  /'(    `    ) ( `\/' )
  `'   `\     /'  `\    /' Disruptive Viscera K[ondom] Of The Minute
         `\ /'      `\/'
           '

@_date: 1997-01-30 16:33:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [GSM] Hardening mailing lists against spam attacks 
Dr.Derisve Vitriol K[reep]OfTheMoment died of AIDS last night
with his faggot lover.
           __o
         _ \<_  Dr.Derisve Vitriol K[reep]OfTheMoment
        (_)/(_)

@_date: 1997-01-30 19:52:46
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Shave the Whales 
What a joy to make a public mockery of Dogfucker L"amprey" Vulis
K"adaver" Of The Moment!
            __[I]__
              o-o'
       __oOo__(-)_oOo__ Dogfucker L"amprey" Vulis K"adaver" Of The Moment
               V

@_date: 1997-01-31 14:56:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Denial of service attack 
Dimwit Virus K[arcinogen]OfTheMonth styles his facial hair to
look more like pubic hair.
             \|/
             @ @
        -oOO-(_)-OOo- Dimwit Virus K[arcinogen]OfTheMonth

@_date: 1997-01-31 19:24:06
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Degaussing diskettes 
Dr.Dopehead L[ice] Vilus K[rust]OfTheMoment wears satin lingerie
embroidered with pink swastikas, prancing around for his faggot,
AIDS infected lovers.
             \|/
             @ @
        -oOO-(_)-OOo- Dr.Dopehead L[ice] Vilus K[rust]OfTheMoment

@_date: 1997-01-31 20:11:45
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: PGP Source code implementation 
Dainty Virus K[ankersore]OTM wears satin lingerie embroidered
with pink swastikas, prancing around for his homosexual, AIDS
infected lovers.
   ,/         \,
  ((__,-"""-,__))
   `--)~   ~(--`
  .-'(       )`-, Dainty Virus K[ankersore]OTM
  `~~`d\   /b`~~`
     |
      (6___6)
       `---`

@_date: 1997-01-31 20:52:22
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [FLAME] Making OCR'ed code transfer easier 
Dimmy Vulis K[ock]OfTheMinute prefers to have sex with little
kids because his own penis is like that of a three-year-old.
      o_o
     (   )  Dimmy Vulis K[ock]OfTheMinute
    ( | | )
    ' " " `

@_date: 1997-01-31 20:53:14
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [PGP] Libel/slander 
Drunkard Vilus will fuck anything that moves, but he'd rather be
fucking his own daughter's prepubescent body.
(~\/~) /~'\ /`~\   _    _
`\  /'(    `    ) ( `\/' )
  `'   `\     /'  `\    /' Drunkard Vilus
         `\ /'      `\/'
           '

@_date: 1997-01-31 20:53:28
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Liberty, lack of 
Debauchery L[atex] Vaginal does NOT eat pussy. He only eats
asshole if it's got a big dick up in front. Whoever calls him
bisexual is a fucking liar. He likes to suck cocks in front of
an audience.
                /"\
   |
   |
   |
            /'\|   |/'\
        /'\|   |   |   |
   %%%%%   |   |\
   |   |   |   |  \     *   *   *   * |>   >   Debauchery L[atex] Vaginal
                  /                     /
            /
          \          |
 |--+= | |

@_date: 1997-01-31 22:39:21
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Secure checksums 
In a jerk-off competition Tim May finishes second, third and fifth.
          ,/         \,
         ((__,-,,,-,__)),
          `--)~   ~(--`
         .-'(       )`-,
         `~~`d\   /b`~~`
     |
             (6___6)
              `---`

@_date: 1997-07-03 03:19:37
@_author: BigNuts 
@_subject: Column, July 8 
"We may tolerate some breathing," Janet Reno said in her kindly,
avuncular way, "depending on who tries to breathe."
  "We may tolerate some Assassination Politics," Louis Freeh said
in his kindly, avuncular way, "depending on who they are attempting
to assassinate."
  "We may tolerate some flaming," Sandy Sandfort said in his kindly,
avuncular way, "depending on who they are flaming."
  "We may tolerate some truth," TruthMonger said in his kindly,
avuncular way, "depending on what they are trying to monger."
D r .  R o b e r t s

@_date: 1997-07-03 05:52:54
@_author: BigNuts 
@_subject: Liberating the Bits 
Tim gave excellent information on how one can go about using technology to enjoy the fruits of other people's labour without contributing toward the survival of those producing the things
he enjoys.
 (I, being more niggardly, will refuse to share a technique I developed
for stealing money from a blind beggar's cup and candy from a child's
Halloween bag.)
  Michael is right about technology and the InterNet now making it
possible to circumvent the principle represented by copyright law.
  When I originally came up with the concept of BlackNet and anonymous remailers, I foresaw that my invention of Public Key
Cryptography might help make it possible for ordinary people to reap
the benefits of other peoples' ideas and hard work, without doing
anything to contribute toward the survival of creative, productive
  Although a person *can* enjoy the product of other peoples' efforts
without contributing toward the production of that product, the decision
as to whether they *should* do so should not be taken lightly.
  I believe that we live in a predatorial universe and that everything
we do involves some form of "eating" the life forms around us, whether
we do so physically, emotionally, or mentally. Whether the process
involves hunting what already exists, or growing new life forms by
farming, our future quality of life will depend on the quality of resource management done by ourself and others.
  There is undoubtedly an increased cost for certain software, music
albums, etc, because of the theft and coercion of the companies that
dominate an industry (via bribes, collusion, political donations),
but there is also a fixed cost that needs to be met for these products
to continue existing and developing.
  There is also a minimum level of sustenance needed by those who
produce the products we use, and if this is not met, then they cease
producing those products. If you copy George Strait's albums without
putting a few pennies in his pocket, it is not likely to inhibit his
market enough to matter, but if you do the same with an album by a
group who is living in a station-wagon between gigs, then you might
find yourself wondering "What ever happened to 'Psychotic Losers'?"
  I bought Microsoft Word because I like the product and use it
a lot. Other Microsoft programs that I use occassionally, I just
grab a copy from someone else because it's not worth my while
to pay big money for it and I don't want to waste my time and effort
using a product which doesn't fit into their proprietary scheme.
  (I apply the same standards to stealing children's Halloween candy.
I only steal from fat kids, and I don't take the whole bag. I want
to make it worth their while to go trick-or-treating next year.)
  I can understand that Tim May wants to hang on to the mountain of
cash that was made possible by his company's software copyrights, but I am surprised that he seems so boastful about denying others
any compensation for their ideas, talent, and labour.
  The Internet seems to be moving proprietary software more toward
a shareware/freeware attitude, since some companies are seeing the
benefit of making their product widely available. An example is
Microsoft making a file available for people without their product
to read the documents produced with it.
  I suspect that the technology which allows most information to
be set free from the bondage of copyright will lead to a more balanced playing field where it is harder for a company to keep
their prices artificially high by virtue of market domination
and political pull, but there will always remain a need for those
who create and produce to receive compensation for doing so.
There's something wrong when Janet Reno is not a felon under an increasing number of laws.
TruthMonger               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tm at dev.null    408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms,
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information
Higher Power: 2^1398269     | black markets, collapse of governments.
"Reputation Capital isn't even a speed bump to Identity highway

@_date: 1997-07-03 05:53:03
@_author: BigNuts 
@_subject: Good Cop/Bad Cop 
The above apparently applies to politicians, as well.

@_date: 1997-06-03 08:10:52
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: McVeigh 
"They also serve, who only stand and hate."
              - Winston David Dukehill

@_date: 1997-06-03 08:16:39
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Email Filter Needed 
Someone needs to write an email filter that saves the headers from
the TruthMonger (et al) posts and deletes the message. (A similar case
could be made for mute Playboy centerfold candidates.)
X-Comments:  This email message is not from "Lee Harvey McVeigh': it was
X-Comments: sent by an anonymous asshole using a remailer.
X-Comments:  Send all complaints about abuse of this remailer to
X-Comments: the Oklahoma City Federal Building in a Ryder truck.

@_date: 1997-06-04 07:26:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Webpage picketing?... 
Wrong! It's done every day in every media from newspapers to TV
and points in between, including the InterNet.
  Like CyberSitter, for instance. They can keep your child from using the local library computer to access Humane Society pages
and animal rights groups because they have the word "bitch" on
their websites.
 (With Peter's approval, but many more things you can do with
my approval.)
  "...and I have uploaded a virus to your machine. Have a nice day."
      "You have linked to the CHILD PORNOGRAPHY Home Page."
  "Information regarding your sexual proclivities will be forwarded
to the FBI, the local religious and law enforcement authorities in
your home town, as well as to your employer and known associates."
                  "Have a nice day."
  Please, do!
  There is not a day goes by where government and corporate entities do not promote legislation or software standards, etc.,
which are designed to influence what we may and may not see,
as well as in what manner we perceive it. There is no reason
that the individual cannot work in their own way to counter activities that they see as working against their own personal
  It is possible to promote a wide range of "links" to web pages
which are "spoofs" of another page or which link to the page but
do so by opening them in a window which has surrounding windows
revealing contradictory opinons, links, etc.
  Provide a link to the "Pretty Lousy Privacy" homepage, but add
a window which mentions that your ten year old son cracked their
cryptography program. Provide a pointer to a copy of the latest
crypto legislation, which you have "translated" to include phrases
such as, "despite its blantant unconstitutionality" and "in order
to shear the sheeple."
  You are under no obligation to produce links or pointers, or to
respond to links or pointers to your own site, in a manner that
runs contrary to your own self-interest, or which allow those
following those links to do so with blind faith that they will
receive information slanted only toward a pre-conceived view of
the world.
  Someone posted a URL to a web page "spoof" done by a number
of cypherpunks (Hal Finney??,??) who had placed a number of
options such as "Click here to destroy your hard-drive.", etc.
on the site. It was a very Zen koan type of page which made
one think about what they were doing and the possibilities
of what the web page authors were/could-be doing.
  Click on a link that states, "Click here to see Hot, Teenage
Sluts" and you are likely to end up at hotmail.com, adding to
their list of spammees. To join the Dorthy Denning fan club,
send email to majordomo at toad.com with a message body that says
"subscribe cypherpunks."
  One can change the content of another's message when replying
to an email:
or invent whatever "facts" suit their purpose:
  "Dr. Vulis is a murdering Armenian and Jim Choate sends the
ASCII art spams to the list. These are well-known facts to which
they have admitted in the past."
  I have a lot of respect for Peter's work, opinions and for his
integrity, but my perception is that he fails to understand that
the InterNet is a growing mosaic which can and should reflect
*all* of life, and that his perception of what the InterNet is
and should be somehow dictates what should and should not be
done on the InterNet.
  I think that what should be done on the InterNet is exactly
what people *want* to do. It is up to their own conscience as
to whether their actions are done with integrity and up to the
rest of us to interpret and respond to those actions.
  Tim May replied to someone on the list that a subject header
he had used was "guilty(?)" of being inflammatory, and that
he had used it for that very reason, to draw attention to his
post. Is this manipulative? It is the way life works.
  I used Peter Trei and others' software for the DES Challenge,
but I posted a suggestion to the list that perhaps their programs
contained subterfuge designed to thwart others in their attempts
to find the secret keys. Was I spreading FUD? The responses to
my post gave me much more information about the processes behind
the software than any direct inquiries I had made about their
workings. (And they reinforced the fact that "blind trust" in
their programs or anyone else's is foolish.)
  In short, I do not see Jim's concept of "picketing" web sites
to be lacking in ethics, any more than Dr. Vulis' "rants" or
John Gilmore's "unsubscribing" of the good Doctor or Tim May's
"prodding" of our attention by his choice of subject headers.
  Each of us is responsible for interpreting and analyzing the
information we access whether it says the king is wearing clothes or the king is naked.
  I could put a pointer to Peter's software which opens an
adjoining window which warns that it may be compromised as a
result of ulterior motives. The fact is, however, that Peter
might himself put a disclaimer on his page saying, "If you
can't read code, then you can't be certain of what my software
is doing." (As a matter of fact, I believe his documentation
mentions that there is no guarantee his logic is not in error.)
  And in the extreme case of anti-abortionists intercepting the
email of pro-choice groups and inserting "Abortion is Murder!"
messages--if the person receiving the message can't figure out
that something is amiss, then maybe its not a good idea for
them to be having children, anyway.
(maybe) TruthMonger (maybe not)
  To view the contents of the whitehouse.gov hard drive:

@_date: 1997-06-04 08:02:08
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Voluntary GAK 
A while back I got a letter from the city asking me to pay a $30
"voluntary fine" for my dog running at large. I replied that I would
take care of the matter when I showed up for my "voluntary" execution.
  A few days ago, a man with a badge and a gun showed up on my doorstep
to explain that if I failed to pay the "voluntary" fine, that a summons
would be issued to require me to go to court and pay a fine.
  I can hardly wait for the city's "voluntary GAK" ordinance.
A. Volunteer

@_date: 1997-06-06 05:18:22
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Kill the children! 
When the United States Government murdered the child of Saddam Hussein
the common American attitude was "broken eggs, and all that." I know
because I lamented the act and was roundly criticized as an idiot who
didn't understand how the real world works, etc., etc, justify, justify.
 When the chickens come home to roost, however, after yet another U.S.
Government act of aggression, there is a great hue and cry throughout
the land about only a "monster" could kill children. Suddenly, the lives
of children become so precious and sacrosanct that those responsible for
taking those lives must be given supreme punishment.
  God bless Timothy McVeigh for exposing the mindless hypocrisy of the
American people, as well as the _mindful_ hypocrisy of the Government
Rulers of Amerika.
  Billy Graham, as the populist representative of Christianity, visits
the White House but we are little likely to see him visiting McVeigh
because some children's lives seem to be more precious than others, and
those who take them are subject to different moral judgments.
 A famous newspaper correspondent received a telegram from his editor
questioning his expense report, which listed a huge bill for a breakfast
which included caviar.
 The reporter telegraphed back, "Eggs is eggs."
 The message of the American people and the U.S. Government is being
received loud and clear: "American eggs are more precious than foreign
eggs. The eggs of _normal_ (translate=="mainstream") Americans are more precious than _aberrant_ (translate--"cult") eggs."
 The message of the American news media is loud and clear: "Break some
lifeless buildings with your bombs and we will make you a side dish in
the back pages of some minor publication. Break enough eggs and we will
make an omlette big enough to feed the entire world."
 Waco was nothing more than a "wake-up call" that many Americans slept
through. Timothy MvVeigh did not--he woke up and crowed loud enough for
all of us to hear. The American government, people and press, however,
want merely to shut him up and go back to sleep, pretending that there
still isn't enough light to see their own sins and rectify them.
 There are no telling how many lives could be saved if the press wrote
meaningfully about the inevitability of chickens coming home to roost
instead of supporting the notion that the solution to a crowing cock is
to cut his head off.
 There are other roosters in the barnyard. There will be more sunrises.
 Americans are now loudly calling for McVeigh to receive an electrical
message complaining about the high cost of the breakfast bill on the expense report he provided us.
 I wouldn't be surprised if his final words were, "Eggs is eggs."
Anne Accountant

@_date: 1997-06-06 12:28:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Traffic Analysis Re: Who "invented" remailers? 
A remailer system could have a mechanized procedure for ensuring
that those who wished could receive cover mail at certain times no
matter what was in the queque. If a message came in that was meant
for them, then it would replace the cover message in the queque.
  Has anyone concerned with remailer development spent any time
actually doing remailer traffic analysis, similar to a cryptographer
who does cryptanalysis to raise his level of competence?	    It would be interesting to see the results of messages being sent
between cypherpunks and encrypted with a "TA" key so that they could
be separated and logged for traffic analysis. I would like to see
what kind of results could be divined by those who know remailer
operations intimately.
Al Gore, ITHM

@_date: 1997-06-06 18:31:54
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
The attempts of Hallam-Baker II Esquire Jr. Knight of the Realm,
etc., to separate the world into supporters of "good" child murderers
and supporters of "bad" child murderers, reflects the attitudes that
lead to those who feel disenfranchised by the government and society
to decide that they have little to lose by striking out at the system
in one way or another.
  Dimitri raises a deeply valid issue here which goes to the heart of
defining what separates a "bean counter" from a "child-murdering   We can't save everyone dying of an incurable disease and provide health care for everyone, except at great cost. We can't put in place
airline safety measures or monitor the activities of law enforcement agencies for free.
  The government officially puts the price of a human life at 2.5
dollars. When a safety problem is found with an aircraft, for example,
that is the figure used to calculate whether the problem will be fixed
or allowed to take X number of human lives. The same concept applies to
government and corporate decisions regarding worker safety (or death),
public safety (or death), health care (or death), and a multitude of
other issues.
  The same thing applies to warfare and self-defence, as well. Society,
government, corporations and individuals all "count the cost" of the
various options available to settle a conflict. A person who might kill
another to prevent them from stealing their family's life savings would
probably not kill another to prevent them from stealing their lunch box.
And a person who would kill another to prevent them from stealing their
family's life savings might not kill another to prevent them from stealing *your* life savings.
  Who is the murdering monster--Stalin, Reagan, or McVeigh? It depends
whether you ask Newt Gingrich, Saddam Hussein or Joe Oklahoma.
  Are the government and corporate bean-counters who decide not to fix
known safety problems murdering monsters? What if they placed the value
of a human life at *ten* dollars? A *million* dollars?
  Americans aren't outraged over the loss of life, they are merely self-
servingly objecting to the fact that they are being personally presented
with the bill that is coming due for their government's actions. Even
some of those objecting are merely arguing over the "cost" of the bill.
(i.e. - death count, age of victims)
  If McVeigh had whacked out 168 Iranians to free one American hostage,
he would be an American hero. If he had whacked out 168 Americans to
free the U.S. from a Stalinist takeover, he would be a hero.
  Well, he whacked out 168 Americans to free our minds from the belief
that we will bear no personal cost for the aggression and oppression
that the government perpetrates in our name, and to some he is a hero.
  Hallam-Baker would have us believe that anyone who does not roundly
condemn McVeigh is in favor of the death of children. Like Truman,
Churchill and Roosevelt were in favor of the death of children?
  Unless Hallam-Baker wants to propose that everyone who has ever
supported conflict in support of a cause is in favor of the death of
children, then he is just a horse's ass who uses smear tactics where
logic fails.
  "I didn't put them in the ovens, I just wrote the code that releases
the gas. What kind of monster would bomb a Weapons Laboratory that has
a day-care center in it?"
  The question mainstream America is asking, is:
"What kind of monster would break *my* eggs to make an omlette?"
  What kind of monster would write code that allows someone to send email containing child pornography anonymously? What kind of monster would write code that can be used to hide drug transactions? What kind
of monster  would write code that can be used by terrorists who break *my* omlettes to avoid discovery?
  Hallam-Baker and his ilk want the government to serve them their omlette at the dinner table so that they can deny their knowledge of and
complicity in other people's eggs being broken in the kitchen. Then they
can climb on their high horse and complain loudly when the victims of
the government's fraud and abuse decide to break a few eggs themself.
  I'm not in favor of the death of children in Waco, Oklahoma City,
Dublin, Jerusalem, Dresden, or Hiroshima. For Hallam-Baker to suggest
that I and others on the list are is the height of slanderous hypocrisy.
  It is a reality of life that there is a cost associated with freedom
and with life itself. It is up to each of us to make our own decision
as to whether we will take part in determining who pays, and how much,
or whether we delegate those decisions to others and try to distance
ourself from them.
  We can applaud the L.A. police when they tell "white" lies on the witness stand about "little" things like not considering the husband of
a murder victim a suspect when they climb over his fence, but then we
will end up complaining when someone we think is a murderer remains
unconvicted because the jury can't determine where the lying stops and
the truth begins.
  We can justify an armed government assault on "cultists" who are in
possession of fewer guns than many mainstream Christians, but then we
will end up complaining when someone else who is "outside" the
mainstream decides that what is good for the gander is good for the
  The issue of Waco versus OKC is not one of "good" guys and "bad" guys.
It is a difference of opinion over the cost of freedom and the value of
human life. 168 people at 2.5 million/life comes to about one and three-
quarter billion dollars that we paid for the tragedy at Waco.
  Americans seem to be more than willing for citizens of other countries
to bear the cost of freedom when we decide to invade and attack them in
order to protect democracy, etc. Perhaps McVeigh should have bombed the
Iranians to protest Waco--then he might be an American hero...maybe even
the next President--a white Colin Powell.
  If Americans want to cry out in dismay over the "wrong" people being
held accountable for the tragedy in Waco, then they might want to think
about demanding that the "right" people be held accountable in the face
of future government atrocities.
  Perhaps the real anger over the OKC bombing is that the American
thought that we had managed to skip out on the bill for our government's
actions at Waco, only to be tracked down and made to pay at home.

@_date: 1997-06-08 06:33:24
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Tim C. Stalker 
I set up a "spoof" of the anonymizer page where it says "Click here
to find out what we know about you." <paraphrased) and turned a friend
on to the URL. When she clicked on the link, it provided all of the
relevant computer info, as well as her home address, the color of her
favorite nightie, and the fact that she sleeps with her bedroom window
  She was only fooled for a fraction of a second, but in that time she
wet her drawers.
  I have no doubt that at some point in the future she will be able to
click on a similar link which is *not* a spoof.
              ^
             ! !
Flipper  _ ^ ! ! ^ _
        (            )

@_date: 1997-06-08 11:53:55
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Steak Knife Decryption 
Sure.  Could also have marked bills coated with staining UV flourescent
powder preloaded for just such an occasion.  Optionally, depending on the
location of the ATM, emergency lockdown features preventing the guy from
bugging out.  Easy enough to do....

@_date: 1997-06-08 13:25:00
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Steak Knife Decryption (Gun control comment) 
Statistical fact: armed private citizens caputre and/or kill more
criminals in the US than all LEAs combined.  Of course, armed
criminals also kill more private citizens than all LEAs combined.
"For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration.
Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient,
and the world will follow our lead to the future."

@_date: 1997-06-08 15:13:14
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] ElGamal 
Warning: if you fuck Timmy Mayflower in the ass, a rabid tapeworm might bite your penis.
              /////
             [ o o ] Timmy Mayflower
              \_=_/
              _| |_
             / \_/ \
          _oOOO___OOOo_

@_date: 1997-06-09 03:43:28
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Julf ordered to reveal anon IDs 
Johan Helsingius (Julf) has been ordered to release the identity of the
poster of one of the Scamizdat series of confidential materials. "The Court of Appeals of Helsinki (Helsingin hovioikeus) has upheld the
decision of the local court of Helsinki, in which Johan 'Julf' Helsingius
was ordered to reveal the user id of the person who used the anon.penet.fi
server to repost parts of Scamizdat, a collection of secret Scientology
scriptures. "In its decision dated 4th of June 1997, the Court of Appeals orders
Helsingius to reveal the names in 30 days after the decision becomes
final. If he doesn't try to appeal the decision it will mean that he has
to reveal the user id within three months. He might appeal the decision to
the Supreme Court within 60 days, in which case the whole thing will take
longer, regardless of whether the Supreme Court chooses to consider the
case or not. "The following ID's were used to send material through anon.penet.fi: an498608 at anon.penet.fi, an545430 at anon.penet.fi
"The material was a repost of Scamizdat  in several parts. The
original repost was done on 15.2.1996, and partly repeated 12.3.1996."

@_date: 1997-06-10 02:32:21
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Question about anonymizing proxies 
Sorry if this has been beaten to death before (if it has, a pointer to
where it is in the archives would be appreciated), but is it possible to
chain anonymizing proxy servers in a way similar to remailers?

@_date: 1997-06-10 03:41:54
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: With friends like these... 
I just read   I was not impressed.  In fact,
one thing worries me a lot.  I think the report basicly sells us out.
The authors, Hal Abelson [1], Ross Anderson [2], Steven M. Bellovin
[3], Josh Benaloh [4], Matt Blaze [5], Whitfield Diffie [6], John
Censor Gilmore [7], Peter G. Neumann [8], Ronald L. Rivest [9],
Jeffrey I. Schiller [10], Bruce Schneier [11],
include many "respected" "experts".  Some of them, like Blaze and Diffie
and Schneier, are people who act like they're on our side.  But... Benaloh
works for microsoft and Rivest for Bidzos.  Two from AT&T.  One from
HP.  One from Sun.  The influence of big money was clear.  They want
what's good for the big companies.
The report endorses pro-code/safe, which effectively criminalizes the
use of crypto and would outlaw remailers.  It's true that they say key
recovery is a bad idea (not that it's unacceptable, however,
just a bad idea, not nearly as strong as it could be).  The reason they give
is that they think it may be too expensive for corporate America.
What they don't say is Far more interesting:
They don't say that key escrow is unacceptable, period.
They don't mention the big brother problem.
They don't talk about the long history of
government abuse (FBI, CIA, NSA, etc).
The conveniently leave out ALL the libertarian issues about how key escrow making the government bigger and more powerful.
They just seem to care about what it costs.  And
these are our friends?
Now lets look at who benefits from this point of view. Criminalize
crypto, outlaw remailers, no expensive key escrow.  It SOUNDS good, at
least a small gain, but this gives them a real tool AGAINST us.  They
can come after crypto users for the first time.  Who benefits? BIG
companies.  NOT CYPHERPUNK GOALS.
By not mentioning it, I think these guys have sold out.  They
may not realize it themselves, but the effect is just as bad (maybe worse).
CDT which brought us the CALEA and the CDA, funded the study. They no
doubt were able to influence the content to get rid of the
"unacceptable" stuff.
We should be asking who our friends are here.  I think if these guys
really wanted to be effective, they could take more of a real stand, with some
real risks. Have ANY of these guys ever written code to promote strong
crypto? Schneier wrote a book, but, charges for his services. I don't
think they have been "bought" or are working for the other side, I just
think we should be realistic about who the "experts" are really
working for - their own pockets and their big employers.
KEY ESCROW IS UNACCEPTABLE, PERIOD.  No matter what the cost.  No
matter how safe.  No matter what.
I think we should respectfully ask them to clarify where they
stand.  Mr experts,
Do you stand for the criminalization of crypto? Is there anything
wrong with key escrow other than the cost? Why is your report so weak?

@_date: 1997-06-11 05:28:13
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hear, hear, brother!
Also, all womenfolk should be required to cover up their entire bodies
as well as their faces whenever they're in public or in contact with any
male above the age of puberty, even unto their male relatives.  If one
of these men doesn't have the self-restraint to not look at the woman
in the first place, will he have the restraint to keep from raping her?
After all, the reason they are looking in the first place involves a
release of the beast within.  How many such people are we willing to
trust to keep that beast on the chain?  "None" is again the proper
answer of course.
No, of course not.  How could anyone have thought so?
Praise God, brother.

@_date: 1997-06-12 00:23:40
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [off-topic] LEA announcement about children & computers (long) 
Cpunx:  For your amusment - nicked from the local Telco web site.  I
especially enjoy the link between role playing games, satanism and
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
CHILDREN AND COMPUTERS:
THE HIDDEN DANGER
Dear Parent:
With the never ending development of computer technology and as an
increasing number of people become computer literate, it is much more
likely that our children may be victimized or exploited in a computer
environment. If your child has a home computer (or access to someone
computer), especially those equipped with a modem, then please take the
time to review this guide and become familiar with the behavioural warning
signs. It will only take a few minutes and may prevent devastating
in the future. Keep in mind, however, that no matter how aware you are
these warning signs, the most important safeguard is to monitor the
contacts that your children are making in this unrestricted environment
regulate their computer related activities. In addition, do not allow your
children to isolate themselves from family or friends by engaging in
solitary computer activities for hours on end. A computer should never
become a substitute for social interaction.
1984 Government Study
Todays children are being weaned on video games and quickly move to
computers. Society has high hopes for this technically literate
but the proliferation of microcomputers and computer literacy also means
that more and more assets will be stored on computer systems and the
community of potential computer criminals will increase astronomically.
Tips for Safe Computing
Please advise your children to observe the following safety rules whenever
they are on-line. Remind them that no matter how safe and/or friendly
BBS seems (and this includes the major services as well as the Internet),
there is always a potential for danger.
They Should:
Never give out any personal information about themselves - particularly
full names, addresses, phone numbers, financial information, etc. to
they meet on line. Avoid responding to anyone who leaves them obnoxious,
sexual or menacing E-mail. They should not become involved in public
Flame sessions as they have no idea who they are dealing with and what
access an individual may have to their account information. Report all electronic harassment and/or abuse to their parents. As
parents, you should notify the SYSTEM OPERATOR (SYSOP) of the problem. If
the SYSTEM OPERATOR does not give you satisfaction in stopping this abuse,
the police should be notified.
Never set up face to face meetings alone with anyone they have
met on the BBS. They should always take someone with them and always meet
in a public place. Never have someone come to their house until they get to know them and
until they are satisfied that they have given accurate personal
information about the individual.
Safeguard all credit card and telephone card numbers. They should pay for
BBS services by money order whenever practical.
Notify the police of all attempts by adults to set up meetings with your
children. This is by far the most dangerous situation for children and
should be prosecuted when appropriate.
The modern thief can steal more with a computer than with a gun, and
tomorrows terrorist may be able to do more damage with a keyboard than
with a bomb.
National Research Council Washington, D.C. Some Child Behavioural Warning Signs:
Computer Addiction Withdraws from friends, family etc. May lose interest in social
activities. Use of new (unusual) vocabulary, heavy with computer terms,
satanic phrase or sexual reference (or sudden interest in related posters,
music, etc.) Look for related doodling or writing. Use of words such as:
hacking, phreaking or any words with ph replacing f. Lack of interest in self and appearance or indications of lack of sleep,
(which might indicate late night modem-play).
Other Potential Danger Signs
Computer and modem running late at night (even when unattended). Storing of computer files ending in: GIF, JPG, MPG, AVI, MOV, BMP, TIF,
PCX, DL, GL or unusual CDs; these are video or graphic image files and
parents should know what they illustrate.
Names on communications programs which seem satanic or pornographic. Obsession with fantasy adventure games, (Dungeons and Dragons, Trade
Wars, Sexcapade, etc).
Use of computer to scan or run telephone numbers or credit card numbers,
(look for sequential dialling programs).
What you can do to Protect your Children Talk to your children about their use of the computer
Know What They are Doing
If possible, keep the computer in a common area of your home, such as a
family room or den. You decide if your child has a legitimate need for a modem. If a modem is being used, control the activity by monitoring times
used and numbers dialled. Closely Monitor your Long Distance Bill
If the computer is left running unattended, check the screen. If it is showing a series of four digit numbers, the computer is trying
to identify calling card PIN numbers.
If it is showing a series of sixteen digit numbers, the computer is
trying to validate credit card numbers.
If you are not computer literate, make sure you at least learn the basics
about computers, take a course or have your child teach you.
Courtesy of: Chief Alfred O. Olsen Warwick Township Police Department Lititz, Pennsylvania, USA

@_date: 1997-06-12 08:08:51
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: export rules obsolete, says U.S. official 
______________________________________________________________________
            Supercomputer export rules obsolete, says U.S. official
  __________________________________________________________________________
      Copyright ) 1997 Nando.net
      Copyright ) 1997 The Associated Press
   WASHINGTON (June 11, 1997 5:56 p.m. EDT) -- A Commerce Department
   official denied that Clinton administration export policies let U.S.
   supercomputers be used by hostile nations for weapons and said old
   controls are now unworkable.
   The president's 1995 decision to loosen export controls on
   supercomputers and other high-tech products recognized that technology
   is advancing at lightning speed and already is available throughout
   the world, William A. Reinsch, Commerce's undersecretary for export
   administration, said Wednesday.
   Harsher restrictions on the export of the most powerful computers
   would be of limited benefit, he said.
   "Efforts to control at lower levels will not only be unsuccessful,
   they will limit our ability to widely disseminate American standards
   and software and damage our companies economically," Reinsch told the
   Senate Governmental Affairs subcommittee on international security,
   proliferation and federal services.
   "When President Clinton took office he was urged by congressional
   leaders of both parties to make long-overdue reforms in this area,"
   Reinsch said. "I believe our efforts to do that have been a model of
   good government decision making."
   Sen. Thad Cochran, subcommittee chairman, retorted that Russia's
   premier nuclear weapons labs have five American supercomputers, and at
   least 46 are used in China.
   "The good news is that some of these major scientific technological
   institutes across China may not be involved in developing weapons of
   mass destruction and missile delivery systems for China and its
   clients. But some surely are," Cochran, R-Miss., said. "And they're
   doing this work courtesy of what appears to be, at best, a deeply
   flawed U.S. export-control policy."
   The United States restricts export of fast-calculating supercomputers
   to nonallies. Military uses to which supercomputers can be put are
   testing nuclear weapons, building accurate missiles and developing
   code-breaking technology.
   Reinsch said the Justice Department is investigating three sales of
   supercomputers overseas, two in Russia and one to the Chinese Academy
   of Sciences. The sales are suspected of violating U.S. regulations
   designed to keep U.S. technology from falling into the wrong hands.
   Commerce officials also are checking into whether U.S. supercomputers
   sold to customers in Dubai have been resold to Iran, he said.
   Two Republican House members, Rep. Henry Hyde of Illinois and Rep.
   Tillie K. Fowler of Florida, have demanded a Justice Department
   investigation into sales of sensitive equipment to China as part of
   its inquiry into foreign campaign contributions to Democrats.
   In a May 22 letter to Attorney General Janet Reno, the lawmakers said
   the situation raises questions about whether campaign contributions
   from Asian donors led to the sales.
   In response to a question from Cochran, Reinsch said he didn't think
   the Commerce Department had been asked to turn over information as
   part of such an investigation, "but we will certainly turn over to
   them whatever they ask for."
   By CASSANDRA BURRELL, Associated Press Writer
     _________________________________________________________________
   [ Global | Stateside | Sports | Politics | Opinions | Business |
   Techserver | Health & Science | Entertainment | Weather | Baseball |
   Basketball | Football | Hockey | Sport Server | MAIN ]
     _________________________________________________________________
    Copyright ) 1997 Nando.net
    Do you have some feedback for the Nando Times staff?

@_date: 1997-06-12 10:28:36
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] e$ 
May Tim C[ocksucker] May's forgeries get stuck up his ass so he'll have to shit through his filthy mouth for the rest of its miserable life.
        \\\
        {OQ} Tim C[ocksucker] May
         (_)

@_date: 1997-06-13 00:47:22
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Flag burning vote TOMORROW and government-imposed ratings 
First constitutional weakening yes, but hardly the first weakening. :(    What about virtual flag burning?  Any Javafolks out there wanting to
protest could write a nice "Click Here to Burn the Flag of these here
United States...  Just like Vince's Be a Crypto Runner page."
Flaming Flag Monger Citizen Unit

@_date: 1997-06-14 06:45:47
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Anonymous proxies & ITAR question 
I wanted to grab a copy of the 128 bit version of MSIE, but my ISP hasn't
enabled reverse DNS lookup, so I decided to try running through an
anonymous proxy server to scoop it and lo-and-behold, aside from being
brutally slow, it worked like a charm.
I may have the opportunity in the near future to set up a proxy server,
but this concerns me...
Under ITAR regs, if a "foreign national" was to use the server to get
access to "munitions" (sure, software kills, didn't cha know?), could I be
held in violation?
Even if all they had was circumstantial evidence, I'd really like to avoid
being indicted - puts a real kink in one's social schedule.
Your thoughts on this would be appreciated.

@_date: 1997-06-14 07:03:00
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Impact of Netscape kernel holeImpact of Netscape kernel hole 
It'd be nice to have more specifics about the whole situation, but
regardless - any preliminary threat assessments?  Exactly how widely
exploited do you think this has been?
Tim's post (although refuted by Marc) raises some serious issues since I
suspect that Joe Public has his secret key sitting in c:\pgp\secring.pgp
Some coherent input on the possible impact of this would be appreciated.

@_date: 1997-06-14 09:48:02
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The World's Smartest Highway (opened earlier this week) 
The worlds smartest highway opens tomorrow.
   So far, Highway 407 runs 36 km between Brampton and Markham, Ontario.
   Eventually it will cover an additional 33 km, and cost a total of
   $929.8 million over $13,000 per meter.
   What does that buy for Ontario commuters?
   The highway has a series of UHF radio antennae that pick up signals
   from small transponders installed in commuters vehicles. The highway
   measures the distance a vehicle travels, and deducts a per-kilometer
   fee from the owners credit card or prepaid account. The fee is 10
   cents per kilometer in rush hour, 7 cents in off-peak hours, and 4
   cents at night.
   Thats not a first a few U.S. toll highways have similar systems. But
   the 407 is the first highway able to send bills to drivers without
   transponders, without stopping them at toll booths. Overhead gantries
   along the highway take video images of license plates as vehicles
   travel the highway. The bill comes in the mail with a $1 premium.
   Ontario expects to pull in $40 million a year from Highway 407 tolls
   in theory. The license-plate billing system has never been tested
   under heavy traffic. The highway will be watching but not charging for
   the next 30 days or so, while Hughes Aircraft and Bell Canada, the
   companies who designed the system, hammer out the kinks.
   Related links: Canadian Highways International Corporation
                                    -30-
   Copyright ) 1997 Convergent Publishing Ltd.
   All rights reserved.
                                  [INLINE]
Canadian Highways International Corporation

@_date: 1997-06-15 01:48:13
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Forgery detection 
Timmy May studied yoga back-streching exercises for five years so he could blow himself (nobody else will).
            ,,,
       -ooO(o o)Ooo- Timmy May
            (_)

@_date: 1997-06-16 12:18:58
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Homer on Terrorism 
This happens every day in major-league business ballparks. Information
--> is power is --> money. Usually the word "blackmail" surfaces when
company takes a shit-kicking from the other company.
  Methinks the reason the word "blackmail" so easily springs to the
lips of Netscape exec's is that they know they got caught with their
pants down.
  They designed their code so that they or John Law could put their
dicks in our hard drives and wiggle them around and now they are
accusing the guy who has "pictures" of their guilt of doing something
  Although Netscape is claiming the "high ground" by saying they
don't pay "blackmail," I think it is much more likely that they
didn't need to *pay* for the information because they already
*knew* exactly what the other company had discovered.
  Netscape calls their upcoming patch a "bug fix" when, in reality,
it is the disabling of a "secret feature." Thus I wouldn't be too
quick to accept their definition of "blackmail."
  It probably doesn't get reported very often because a company
usually doesn't have foreknowledge of the problem (i.e. it is a
genuine "bug" in their product) and thus it is in their best
interest to pay to find out the specifics of the problem.
  When you're innocent of wrongdoing, it's called a business
negotiation. When you're guilty of wrongdoing, its called
  So if Tom Weinstein calls it blackmail, then I guess that pretty
much indicates Netscape's position in regard to their browser's
ability to be used to compromise the user's privacy and security.

@_date: 1997-06-16 12:48:06
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: 2nd New Netscape Bug Reported 
[Routers--Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan]
June 17, 1997
Bellgate or Bill Gates?
   by Declan McCypherpunk
  A wanna-be programmer in this small Canadian town stumbled upon an
undocumented feature in the Netscape browser which allows the user to
place a bet on the date of death of computer magnate Bill Gates.
  While early reports are sketchy, it appears that the scheme involves
Tom Weinstein, Ed McMahon and the cypherpunks remailer system.
  When approached by Kookie Roberts for comment, Tom Weinstein loudly
proclaimed, "I don't even know Jim Bell, honest."
  When Kookie Roberts asked Weinstein who the hell Jim Bell was, he
quickly muttered, "Never mind..."
  Ed McMahon would only say that on September 4th, some lucky winner
would be receiving an anonymous digicash transaction from him.
  When pressed for details about the date, McMahon's face flushed a
bright red and he quickly exited the scene, accompanied by men with
Italian names, and a former CIA PR representative explained that what
McMahon "meant to say" was "no comment."
  Unsubtatiated rumors also indicate that if the netscape.exe file is
printed out as a .gif file, that it pictures a layout of Microsoft
Corporate headquarters and the Gates estate.
  When asked for a response to the announcement of the new revelations
a Microsoft spokesperson cryptically replied, "Anyone who bet on Bill
Gates dying on September 4th ain't gonna win shit." When pressed as to
whether he personally used the Netscape browser, the MS spokesperson
only grinned and winked.

@_date: 1997-06-17 17:02:36
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: McVeigh Sentence 
I was watching Dateline NBC interview the McVeigh jurors about the
trial and the interviewer asked them what they found to be the strongest
or most convincing evidence against McVeigh.
  A grandmotherly type answered that the most convincing of the evidence
against him was the pictures of the dead bodies.
  Perhaps the prosecution could have gotten McVeigh convicted on even
more charges if he had shown some pictures of heroin.
  I also watched McVeigh's lawyer give a statement that sounded like it
was prepared for him by the Whitehouse spin doctors.
  From the very first, right through to the end of the trial, I had the
feeling that McVeigh's lawyer seemed to be more of a spokesperson than
a lawyer. I've had lawyers show more skill and ferver in keeping my
dog out of the pound than he showed defending McVeigh.
  I don't know what exactly he was being paid $15 million for, but it
sure as hell wasn't for defending McVeigh. Even when he speaks about
the judge not allowing him to put on a real defense he acts like it's
just a minor matter of no real import.
  The only mystery in the trial was whether McVeigh was part of the
great pretense taking place or if he really thought his lawyer was
working in his best interests. I suspect that he's just naieve.
  I wouldn't place any large bets on MvVeigh living long enough to take
part in an Oklahoma City trial if that ever happens. The political
interests down there want more than just a showcase trial--they want
to find out the real story. Unless they get bought off or blackmailed
the Feds are going to have to bring Jack Ruby out of retirement.

@_date: 1997-06-17 20:07:32
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] Accounts payable 
Timmy C. May styles his facial hair to look more like pubic hair.
       .oooO           Oooo.
       (   )   _   _   (   )
        \ (   / ) ( \   ) /
     ----\_)-/ (---) \-(_/---- Timmy C. May
            (   ) (   )
            oooO   Oooo

@_date: 1997-06-18 02:26:14
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Netscape Bug Reproduced 
Netscape privacy problem:
Using information gleaned from the web site of the Danish company that first reported the problem, Keith Woodard and Dave Humphrey at EIFIST have built a web page which reproduces the privacy problem in Netscape Navigator and Communicator web browsers.  From that effort they have developed a better understanding of how the Netscape bug works, and what defensive measures users can take until a bugfix is available from First, the problem is indeed read-only, and involves only files to which the explicit path name is known.  Second, all file systems accessible from the Netscape user's system are reachable -- that means mapped network drives as well as the local hard disk.  Third, JavaScript can be used by a web site to automate reading a user's file so that it is invisible to the user.  However, the bug does not involve use of Java at The demo website can be visited at the following URL:
     Please urge all Internet web users to take the following interim steps until a
permanent fix is available from Netscape:
*  In Navigator 3.x and 2.x, go to the Options menu and select Security    Preferences. Select the "Submitting a Form Insecurely" preference to     enable that warning dialog box.  This will generate a warning box    whenever a site tries to upload a form, giving the user a chance to    decide whether to allow it.
*  Also, in Navigator 3.x and 2.x, go to the Options menu and select
   Network Preferences.  Turn OFF the "Enable JavaScript" preference.    This will block execution of JavaScript code which might try to    perform an invisible file upload, while permitting display of the        rest of the page.
These measures are temporary until a full bug fix is made available by Netscape and proven against the EIFIST demo page.

@_date: 1997-06-18 16:38:37
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dateline=FUD / Witness=Reality 
It is interesting to note the differences between the U.S. media and the Canadian media in the wake of the McVeigh trial.
  Dateline NBC is milking the remaining viewer interest by doing a
fear-piece on the dangerous threat to the country that militia groups
pose, despite the fact that the McVeigh=Militia mental construct is
a total government fabrication.
  Dateline promotes great fear over the danger posed by the existence of
citizens who "resist government control." Apparently, any citizens who
wish for freedom from government control are an enemy of the government.
Any citizens who wish to take steps to be able to defend their own
personal freedom are an enemy of the government.
  Following Dateline was Witness, a Canadian show, running a production
called "Surviving Waco."
  "Surviving Waco" was a straight documentary with little "spin" to its
theme. It reviewed the Waco tragedy without placing large amounts of
blame or adding imaginary conspiracy theories.
  What made the show startling was the fact that without all of the
hype and hoopla of spin-doctored media coverage the whole affair turned
out to be a simple case of government agencies launching an assault
against a group of people who held unusual religious beliefs.
  When you strip the hype and hoopla away from the OKC bombing, what is
really left?
  A former member of the U.S. military decided that the U.S. government
is an enemy of the citizens and should be subjected to armed assault.
  Those who made the decisions resulting in the deaths of men, women
and children in Waco are drawing government paychecks while the victims
who survived the assault are in jail.
  The person who made the decision resulting in the deaths of men,
women and children in OKC faces death and the victims who survived are
  The true tragedy surrounding these events is the fact that the
media gets away with feeding the public hype and hoopla because
that is all the public really wants to hear. Reality is just too
damn scary.
  Reality is that when the government screws up an operation so
badly that it gets totally out of hand and results in the deaths
of a multitude of citizens, the survivors will be imprisoned in
order to accentuate their guilt and the government's innocence.
  Reality is that a single person with no connections to any
(perceived) radical group can commit an act of destruction against government buildings and their occupants, and the
government can confiscate all the weapons and do all the
wiretaps they want without making the public any more secure against this possibility.
  The public wants to be told that the "danger" can be removed
if this-or-that group is neutralized. The public wants the media
to name an enemy that we can be protected from--militia, drug
dealers, pornographers, cryptologists.
  Reality is too scary.
  Reality is that I can pick up the garden hoe outside and
walk over to my neighbor's house and whack his whole family
over the head, and he can do the same. (Reality is the fact
that I would spend 5 more years in prison than he, because
I have PGP on my computer.) Reality is that if government
takes away all the guns and crypto, and taps all the phones,
and even takes away my garden hoe, I can break off a good,
thick tree branch and go whack the public over the head.
(even innocent children!)
  We live in a Media Reality where the slaughter of men, women and children is given a spin to provide whatever illusion the media and
the polls deem will sell the most Pepsi to the public.
  The public doesn't want to hear that the 800 law enforcement agents
surrounding Waco are monsters. They don't want to hear that people can
be slaughtered for their religious beliefs by government forces. They
do want to believe that a single monster is responsible for OKC and
that killing him will remove the threat.
  And most of all, the public wants to believe that the Branch Davidians
"had it coming," because, if they didn't, then the possibilities it
raises are too frightening to imagine.
  The problem, of course, is that the greater the number and the more
varied the groups of people who resist increasing government control,
then the greater and the more varied will be the list of people who "have it coming."
  Currently, cryptographers are being added to the list of those who
"have it coming." The media reports of the government assault on the
meeting place for the Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting will be accompanied
by government proof of the Cypherpunks having started the fire in which
they died. There will be great media coverage of the Cypherpunks'
conspiracies to poison water supplies, make drugs and deal in child
pornography (under their "leader," Jim Bell, of course).
  Oh, I forgot about Cypherpunks' plans to "nuke D.C." If that isn't
enough to make us all "monsters" then what is?
  Of course, while we are sitting in jail (or walking toward the gas
chamber) we can take consolation in the fact that perhaps somewhere
there is a country showing a documentary which reflects the reality
of our lives and our actions, instead of the hype and hoopla needed to
sell more Pepsi.

@_date: 1997-06-19 19:22:42
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: E-Cash 
Tim May is another loser who pays for got.net because he lacks the mental capacity to gain net access as a perk of either employment or academic achievment.
          ((__)) Tim May
           (00)
          (o__o)

@_date: 1997-06-19 23:30:15
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Crypto-compromises in Washington: Burns offers ProCODE II 
After the DES challenge began, didn't someone on the cypherpunks list
predict that the key would be cracked at a time that was opportune for
RSA, et al, and that the key would be found by "c2Nut testicles?"
 I can't find my printout of the post but if my memory serves me
correctly then (s)he predicted more than a few of the events surrounding
the DES challenge.
  The timing of the find is certainly opportune and there is no doubt
that the company that found the key is closely connected to c2net (not
to mention the spooks the company fronts for in Costa Rica and South
America). Also, the Genx effort was plagued with internal and external
sabotage, as predicted, and several other efforts were chilled before they ever got off the ground (by government and corporate legal
consultants who all seem to have close connections to Colorado DoD
  I am not suggesting that RSA and their cohorts would put the fix in
just because their is a tremendous amount of money and power surrounding
this issue (both corporate and political) but I have certainly noticed
that there doesn't seem to be any area of the crypto community where I
don't find the same dark figures flitting through the shadows (and they
all seem to have agendas linked to secret government labs and unelected
government regulatory comittees).
  I was a bit skeptical of some of the rather paranoid claims I saw on
the cypherpunks list at times but I can certainly vouch for the fact
that there were more than a few computer admins in the New York area
who were told from on high that using their company's computers in
the DES challenge would not bode well for future government contracts.
  I am beginning to wonder if I shouldn't have majored in nuclear
physics since there seems to be less political intrigue in that arena
than in the crypto arena these days.
Chauncey Gardner

@_date: 1997-06-20 21:33:01
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: CDT Policy Post 3.08 - Senate Committee Approves Key Crypto Bill 
Declan McCullagh:
Shabbir's obvious amazement that a senator would put support of our
Constitutional rights above his own "agenda" is very telling.  Like
most of those senators, he's been in Washington too long.
It seems not to occur to those in D.C. that the very idea of congress
deigning to tell us how we can communicate with each other is utterly

@_date: 1997-06-21 12:00:35
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: crypto wars 
"There must be some way out of here",
        Said the joker to the thief
        "There's too much confusion --
        I can't get no relief.
        Businessmen, they drink my wine
        Plowmen dig my earth.
        None of them all along the line
        Know what any of it is worth."
        "No reason to get excited",
        the thief he kindly spoke
        "There are many here among us
        Who feel that life is but a joke
        But you and I, we've been through that,
        and this is not our fate
        So let us not speak falsely now
        The hour is getting late."
        All along the watchtower
        Princes kept the view
        While the women came and went,
        Barefoot servants, too
        Outside, in the cold distance,
        A wildcat did growl
        Two riders were approaching
        The wind began to howl.

@_date: 1997-06-21 19:04:49
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: "Strength of encryption standard proved again" 
Sameer has his bum-buddy, Perry, censoring c2.net's crypto-propaganda
list in order to reflect favorably on cryptography business interests.
  It seems that this is cheaper than using his legal team to stifle
free speech regarding corporate products, especially his own.   Despite the fact that Sameer feels free to spam the cypherpunks list
with self-serving horseshit that he is sending to cryptography at c2.nut,
it seems that he has a deep-rooted fear of his products and motives
being discussed on the c2.net list.
  Perry is a horse's ass who gets offended that people subjected to
job to perform his censorship for him by deleting sameer's list from
the cc:'d spam their list members send out.
  I would suggest that if Perry wants to act as a censor of free speech
on the internet, that he take responsibility for deleting any messages
that he deems to be beneath the corporate standards of the list that
he censors.
  Of course, he could always automate the list to only allow posts by
subscribers. If the software he uses to run the list doesn't have the
capability to do so then perhaps he could ask the Stronghold programers
to build a back door in the software to allow him to do so.

@_date: 1997-06-22 00:33:57
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: CNNFN transcript -- EPIC vs. Family Research Council on CDA 
So when did you turn into Rotenberg's press whore?  This 20k transcript
you just spammed me with is no different than a hundred other mediocre
debates on second-rate news shows that we have all been subjected to since
people started whining about the CDA. Boring.

@_date: 1997-06-22 10:13:18
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: cypherpunks PR fluff-ups 
There seemed to be a multitude of political interests working
to different ends in a number of the crack efforts, according to
a lady who was involved with a couple of them rather intimately.
  Her impression was that there were people involved who were
purposely giving out patently bad advice and working toward
removing some of the more competent players from the scene.
  I know more than a few people who began to join in one or
another of the cracks and then said to hell with it because
of the cliquish nature of the efforts.
  Peter Trei's software ran best on my machines but when I
contacted a couple of the groups as to how to find what keys
had already been searched I was pretty much told to fuck off
like it was some great secret only for the in-crowd.
  Also, there was a fair amount of sabotage going on in the
background. The New Media effort in particular was plagued by bogus versions of their software being distributed and
efforts to interfere with various sites running their
software. Even their own version of the software was bogus
at the point I first downloaded it. When I emailed them to
point it out, they denied it, but then they stopped giving
out their software for a couple weeks while they rewrote it,
and then refused to make their source code available after
  All in all, my impression was there was too much ego and
intrigue going on to make the distributed cracking efforts
terribly efficient and functional at many points along the
way. I would give those running the distributed cracks a
few points for effort, but not many points for integrity.
  I still have a lingering feeling that the whole affair is
being choreographed according to some unknown script, but
I'm suspicious by nature.

@_date: 1997-06-23 03:39:48
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Assault on Pornography 
Since the U.S. legislature is so concerned about child pornography
and the government is interested in promoting world-wide enforcement
of laws meant to fight evil, I was wondering about the following
  Manuel Noriega sends pictures on the internet to Iraq of women with
their ankles showing and their heads uncovered. Iraq sends an armed
force to the U.S. to capture Noriega and take him to Iraq for trial.
  Sure, a few thousand U.S. troops and citizens might die, but it is
for the greater good, right?
Scenario Two:
  Bill Clinton sends a picture on the internet to Iraq of Hillary, with
her ankles showing and her head uncovered...

@_date: 1997-06-25 14:04:49
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: GAH--Government Access to Humor 
* Unclear on the Concept:  In January, Bamrer Pong-insee, a
spokesman for the Professional Comedians Association of
Thailand, said its members will soon be prohibited by rule from
being impolite on stage.  Especially barred are obscene language,
physical humor in which pain is implied, and being disrespectful to
a colleague's parents.
  In reading the above, I realized that in order for the policy to work
properly there will have to be penalties for audience members who laugh
at inappropriate (illegal?) humor. A suitable agency will have to be
formed to enforce these new regulations. Soon the Laughing Police will
be no laughing matter.
  Politicians will be falling all over each other to show the voters
that they are "hard on crime" and will eventually call for the death
penalty for violators. (Sending them to the Laughing-Gas chamber.)
{I tried to make it in comedy, but everyone laughed at me.}

@_date: 1997-06-25 21:18:18
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The value of free speech... 
When I was twelve years old a man stepped out of the proverbial
dark alley in my small hometown and offered me twenty dollars to
give him a blow-job. I said no.
  In retrospect, if he had offered me a thousand dollars, I might
have recognized the value of free speech at a much earlier age
than I eventually did.
  Also, my parents used to let me go to out-of-town hockey games
with other kids and Father Flanigan, admonishing me, "Don't let
him stick his hand in your pants." I didn't.
  Today's world may seem more dangerous, with a greater chance
of children's contact with unknown entities/weirdos, but I find
it hard to believe that there is greater saftey to be had by
keeping children ignorant of information that goes beyond this
or that boundary of morality/integrity/world-view/lifestyle.
  If your children see a picture of a young child with a dick
in his or her mouth and don't see anything wrong with it, then
I don't think the problem is with the picture.

@_date: 1997-06-25 21:19:29
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: One Ryder Truck--One Vote 
Voting is the new Catch-22/Damned if you do, damned if you don't,
etc, etc. It's time for a new non-candidate that is a cross between
Pat Paulsen ("If elected, I will not serve.") and Abby Hoffmean
("Steal This Book.").
  My inclination is for a candidate named "Fuck You!", but I'm sure
someone else can come up with a more creative candidate. (Q: "If elected, what will you do for me?" / A: "Fuck You!")
  Of course, in the real world even the use of the minimum force
necessary will probably result in damage to windows in buildings
adjoining the Congressional and Senate buildings.
Me Again
"Hard Weapons, Soft Targets, No Compromise."

@_date: 1997-06-25 22:01:25
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Top ATM maker signs deal with eye-scanning technology firm 
TRENTON, N.J. (June 24, 1997 9:38 p.m. EDT) -- NCR Corp., the world's
   top maker of automated teller machines, plans to start offering
   machines that identify the user by scanning the eye.
   NCR said Tuesday it teamed with Sensar Inc. to offer a system that
   could eventually replace plastic cards and memorized numbers with a
   more secure system -- cameras that confirm the user's identity by the
   unique patterns in the iris, the colored ring in the eye.
   Besides improving security, executives at Dayton, Ohio-based NCR
   believe the system will make it more practical to use ATMs for selling
   airline tickets, insurance and investments.
   Under the deal, NCR will distribute and service the system for banks
   and other financial institutions around the world, except in Japan,
   where Sensar has a $42 million contract to develop the technology for
   ATMs.
   "We've still got a few kinks we're working out," said Kevin B.
   McQuade, vice president for strategic business development at
   Moorestown-based Sensar, adding that the company expects to begin mass
   production in a year.

@_date: 1997-06-25 23:01:14
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Flag Burning... 
"If we don't believe in freedom of expression       for people we despise, we don't believe in       it at all." - Noam Chomsky
     "We are willing enough to praise freedom when she       is safely tucked away in the past and cannot be       a nuisance. In the present, amidst dangers whose       outcome we cannot foresee, we get nervous about       her, and admit censorship." - E. M. Forster
     "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend       to the death your right to say it." - Voltaire
The question that needs to be asked is, what does that flag represent that is being burned?  Does it represent the constitutional republic and respect for individual liberty that America was founded upon?  Or does it represent the socialist democracy and the arbitrary herd mentality view of "freedom" into which America has devolved?
If the latter, then pass me the gasoline and the matches.
An American

@_date: 1997-06-26 03:25:06
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Right 2 Bare Arms 
For some strange reason your message made me think about Tim May's
rant about laws regulating the size and method of transporting or carrying knives.
  Naturally, since 6" was the "standard" used in many places for
years to define the line between legal and illegal intent for
use of said "pointed instrument", I got to thinking about the
possibility of the laws being transposed to apply to another
common "pointed instrument" which is sometimes used as a tool
and at other times is used as a weapon.
  My first thought was to wonder if my 18 1/2" would automatically
make me a three-time loser and subject to lifetime imprisonment.
  My second thought was whether there would be corresponding laws
requiring the weapon to be "sheathed" in one locale and "in plain
sight" in another locale.
  Wish I hadn't thought of that.
A. Felon

@_date: 1997-06-26 07:30:04
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: New Laws in Oregon - "Land of the Legal betatest" 
Better you should concentrate on learning to read than on giving
spelling lessons.
  I'll type slowly and SHOUT, shit-for-brains, so you have a slim
chance of following me, here:
  "ANY (<--that's _ANY_) style (DESIGN, STRUCTURE, METHOD...) of government is "realatively decent" if you don't rock the boat."
  Screw the "layout of Congress, the Executive branch, the Supreme Court, etc."
  I seriously doubt that the slaves being whipped in the thirteen
colonies ignored the pain by concentrating on the beauty of the
layout of Congress. I doubt that Indians mourning the slaughter
of their families appreciated the structure of the Executive
  "Style of government" doesn't much matter a rat's ass. All that
really matters is the balance of power between those in society
and how those who have power use it.
  If there are two of us and only one gun, we can draw toothpicks
to see which of us has "governership" over the gun for the day to
hunt for food, or if you are big and have an attitude you may just
seize control of the gun. If you're using the gun only to hunt and
share the food equally with me, either way is a "relatively decent"
form of "government" of the gun.
  Of course, if you get off on the "power" of controlling the gun,
you are going to get nervous when I start gathering sticks and
stones to build a house and start passing "amendments" to our
agreement or "style of government" that state I can only possess
small sticks and stones, etc, etc. Pretty soon, I'm building a
nuclear warhead in my straw hut...
  Simple. Design all future government buildings to match the remains
of the Federal Building in OKC and replace the pictures of our beloved
President with pictures of Timothy McVeigh.
  The problem with any government is not the style, but the maintaining
of accountability. Putting the nuclear warheads in D.C. and giving the
magic button to a barmaid in Denver would likely be as "relatively
decent" a "style of government" as any other alternative.
  You want a "relatively decent style of government?" Make Stalin our
dictator and arrange for Mother Teresa to control a mechanical vice
that contains his nuts.
  Pick any "style of government" at random, as far as I'm concerned,
but don't forget to put a note on the fridge to remind yourself to
pick up some munitions for the coming revolution.
  McVeigh was just "voting early," as is allowed for by law for those in the military who may be busy serving their country at
election time.
  Change the style of government to any form you please and the pigs
at the public trough are going to fight (and kill) to stay there.
A change in "style" is not needed as much as a change in "attitude."
(e.g. "Hard weapons, soft targets, no compromise.")
  I don't need to buy a clue. I have a Ryder truck full of clues
that I haven't even used yet.

@_date: 1997-06-29 06:39:34
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: mailing list 
Why the fuck are there so many requests from aol ?
thats eerie if you ask me.

@_date: 1997-06-29 19:01:58
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: CIA's Manual on Assassination Politics 
Rapist: "I'm using a condom for _your_ protection."
Victim: "Is that why you stole _my_ money to buy it?"

@_date: 1997-06-29 19:06:00
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Dr. Netscape / Re: More about Netscape Bug finder 
Why would you expect Netscape to make reference to the fact that
use of their browser leaves you open to violation of your privacy
and security? Corporations are not expected to show concern about
keeping their customers well-informed in regard to problems that arise with their product--they are expected to pretend, as much
as possible, that problems don't exist (even if it may result in
disastrous consequences for the customers who foolishly trust
the company to act with integrity and professionalism).
  Netscape software is my browser of choice. I like the product,
I like the company, and I like what I know of the people involved
in the company.
  Despite these facts, however, I recognize that reality is merely
a shallow reflection of classic Hollywood movies, and "Invasion
of the Body Snatchers" is currently playing at the Netscape cinema
  You may have already seen this movie, at your own corporate
cinema, so you know how the plot goes... You wake up one morning
and realize that behind the glazed eyes of your formerly human
co-workers, lurks the alien energy of a communal corporate soul.
  The company spokesperson (who has two cute kids and a dog that
are always a hit at the company picnic) has turned into an alien
life-form which is telling the press and public that the chemical
spill near the high-school has nothing to do with the hands that
are now growing out of the students' foreheads.
  The company president (who risked his job to support a decent
employee health-plan against the investor's wishes) begins to
speak about a "ten year study" to determine why 20% of the
company employees develop a rare form of cancer every year.
  Your best friend at the company changes the subject when you
mention the growing number of the company's customers who seem
to have an extra ear growing on their forearm. You can tell
that your best friend is looking into your eyes and trying to
discern if you are one of "them."
  A twenty-dollar street hooker will sometimes have time to join
you for coffee and a burger at the conclusion of a business
transaction, but a high-priced call-girl invariably recognizes
the danger of true personal contact adversely affecting future
cash flow.
  For the same reason, the corporate legal team would rather
discuss the responsibility for your failing health in a sterile
boardroom, than during dinner at your house with the whole
family present.
  It is probably in Netscape's best short-term financial interest
to downplay the full implications of the "bug" in their software,
as well as avoiding revealing the true reasons for this "bug"
existing in the first place. However, I would much rather visit
their website and see a big, red "Warning!!!" sign flashing at
the top, with a pointer to full information about the nature
and effect of the "bug," as well as disclosure of facts that
would allow me to judge what level of trust I should use in the
future in regard to the company and their products.
  After all, in terms of security, we can consider ourself to
be "sleeping" with those whose software we use. If it appears
that they are avoiding being fully honest about whether or not
they are practicing "safe software" in the best interests of
both themself and their "Johns," then perhaps we should think
about changing our "sleeping" habits.
  The bottom line is that it does not reflect well on Netscape
to have their customers and/or software users checking with the
members of mailing lists (and the checkout clerk at the local
QuickMart) to find out if there is any chance that they may be
able to use Netscape's product safely in the future.
  I did a quick review of the Netscape documentation and found
it gives no indication that users should inquire at the local
QuickMart for information about problems and bug fixes for
their products.
DISCLAIMER:  I am not your hooker; you are not my John.
             Accordingly, the above is *NOT* illegal advice.

@_date: 1997-03-09 02:21:50
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: BBN 
The arrival of warm weather is heralded by the pig shit (or whatever kind of shit Intel swines have for brains) getting soft in Tim C. Mayonnaise's mini-cranium and the resulting green slime seeping through his cocaine- and syphilis- damaged nose and onto his keyboard.
         o/    \  /    \ /     /      \o
        /#           #     o       Tim C. Mayonnaise
        / \    /  \    /o\    / |\    / \

@_date: 1997-03-12 11:30:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] OTP 
Timmy C. May carries a turd in his wallet for identification     _ _/|
   \'o.0'
   =(___)= Timmy C. May
      U

@_date: 1997-03-19 02:57:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Enigma 
Timmy `C' May's reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is cross-ruminated.
         __
        /_/\__
        \_\/\_\ Timmy `C' May
        /\_\/_/
        \/_/

@_date: 1997-03-20 23:42:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: FBI Visits JPUNIX 
In regard to an email which was purported to be subjected to
  Anonymous continued:
  The message in question is below. Draw your own conclusions.
 I thought I would reply privately to you, since you seem to
at least have a willingness to allow the possibility of compromises
to the security of the encryption methodologies behind PGP programs,
among others.
  To begin with, I'm not sure whether you realize it, or not, but the
Navy's spook tenacles run deeper, and extend further, than those of any
of the more notable or visibly involved agencies who lurk in the
background of security and privacy issues.
  One of the reasons for this is that their physical existence could be
said to mirror the Internet in many respects. The very nature of their
'global' home (the sea), has always permitted them access to people and
regions which are denied to others. Also, they are often in the position
to be involved in what looks to be merely the 'transporting' of people
and information.
  Whether providing escort services or getting drunk in foreign bars,
the expertise of naval intelligence has always lain in the area of
observation, first and foremost.
  By far the greatest tool of intelligence agencies on the Internet,
has been traffic analysis. Their techniques are sufficiently sophist-
icated that I would not be surprised to find out that they can tell
more about us from our Internet activity than can be learned from the
satellites capable of reading the newspaper over our shoulder as we
sit in the park.
  Traffic analysis involves all measurable quantum of information, the
chief concerns being the patterns and timing of data transfer, from
which everything ranging from content and motivation can be deduced.
  If you wish to think in terms of back-doors, then you would be well
advised to go beyond the concepts of 'passwords' and 'holes' and try
to think in terms of patterns and timing, and other such 'structures'
which are peripheral to concerns regarding 'code' and 'mathematics.'
  i.e. As well as considering the 'content' of what a program returned,
you must also consider 'when' the program returned the result, and
the patterns in the timing, as well as the content.
  An analogy could be made to a person who, being interrogated, answers
all questions with a predictable rhythm and then 'pauses,' however
slightly, in answering a certain question. You can see that what is
revealed by the 'content' of the answer can be greatly insignificant
compared to what is revealed by the 'delay' in answering.
  To expand your concept of 'back-doors' and 'holes,' you have to ask
questions such as:
  "Does it take a program or hardware longer to return a result of '0',
than to return a result of '1'?"
  "What factors can be introduced into the hardware and/or software
that can influence the patterns and/or timing of various processes
and the results they return?"
  "Can key searches be made more efficient by analyzing such things
as rhythm, syntax, etc? What 'details' or 'qualities' of an individual,
group, or 'arena of concern' can be analyzed for the purpose of being
able to group them into structures which can be searched for?"
  "How can 'assigning' a value to certain sequences of numbers be used
as a pattern to 'filter' the input data into a form which is easier to
  You are aware of 'tricks and techniques' that apply to mathematics
and are widely known.
  i.e. The process of shifting and adding numbers when multiplying by
the number '11'.
  However, what about those quantum of information which are of no
consequence to those seeking for the 'final result' of that multi-
plication? Can the peripheral effects of mathematic calculations
be used to analyze what has taken place, to narrow the scope of
  My nephew describes numbers as getting 'wider' as they get larger,
and he does quick checks of his result through his 'feel' for how
much 'wider' a number should be when he is done, even in complicated
equations which he ill-understands.
  (He reminds me of Steven Wright, who claims that someone told him
that his socks didn't match, and he replied, "Sure, they do. I go
by thickness.")
  I am currently working on a project which involves merging chaos
theory with traffic analysis and other processes to analyze the
effects that algorithms display when processed through the filters
of varying hardware and software structures and methodologies.
  The RSA algorithm and accompanying RSAREF subroutines were our
first focus, for the very reason that there were certain factions
behind the scenes of the Zimmerman/RSA agreement who seemed to
have an inordinate amount of interest in the subroutines being
chained to the algorithm (for reasons that have nothing to do
with patent protection).
  Those whose expertise goes far beyond my own in this area look at
the initial results of the analysis as confirming that their is a
'relationship' between the RSA algorithm and the RSAREF subroutines
which will enable them to break the system down into workable
units for fairly quick analysis.
  What is interesting is that the results from small probes into
other encryption systems show the same potential for exploitation
using varying analysis methodologies and processes.
  (One fairly well-known encryption routine is almost lame enough
to reveal its secrets to anyone with a pencil and a stopwatch, as
well as the file size and time it takes to encrypt.)
  While I would rather you didn't publicize the preceding information,
as a general rule, I think that is something that should be shared with
anyone who is seriously focusing their efforts on better methods of
encryption and analysis of encryption methodologies.
  I am aware of two other groups who are working along the same lines,
although with a narrower range of variables than ourselves, and I am
certain that there must be more than a few other entities out there
who are also pursuing this line of research.

@_date: 1997-03-21 05:08:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: ADV Weekly Transcripts 
Regarding 1968 view of population control:
_Stand on Zanzibar_ John Brunner

@_date: 1997-03-21 14:04:17
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
BELIEVE the Children!
Def: relative humidity - the sweat on snow's balls as he fucks his sister.
                          BELIEVE the Children!

@_date: 1997-03-21 22:46:10
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: FBI Visits JPUNIX 
If there actually is one.
  Perhaps there was no threatening note.
  Perhaps there was no visit from the FBI.
  The attempt to destroy the cypherpunks list failed. The next logical
target would be the remailers.
  Two remailers go down in the same week, both being tenacles of C2Net.
  Greg Broiles once again happens upon the scene of the accident, and
predictably warns everyone of the grave dangers and liabilities facing
remailer operators. How long until he publicly calls for the remailers
to be "killed," as he did with the cypherpunks list?
  Instead of solutions to the problems facing small remailers, we have
schills coming out of the woodwork to proclaim that remailers are only
feasible for Big Business to operate.
  Corporate takeover of the list failed, now corporate takeover of the
remailers seems to be the new agenda.
  I suggest that, instead of wasting time on a new battle, we simply resurrect all of the arguments over list control and re-post them
as arguments over remailer control, simply substituting the word
"remailer" everywhere that the word "list" occurs.
    Cindy
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

@_date: 1997-03-22 00:56:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: LA Times article on crypto anarchy 
Of course, those who attempt to point toward those powerful forces
will be be subjected to ridicule as paranoid conspiracy theorists. And
when they point out the facts concerning the underlying alliances and
motivations behind various actors on the list, then they will be met
with rebuttals that so-and-so had a beer with them, once, and they
seemed like a nice person.
  Big news flash!     Nazi's attend the opera and kiss babies.
    Money buys people (even those who deny it to themselves).
  I wish I had a dime for every post I've seen on this list that denigrates those that suggest that the list is both followed by,
and subjected to interference by, clandestine agencies and agents.
  "What? Our 'How to build a Nuclear bomb' list is being subjected
to surveillance? How silly!"
  Buy a clue, dudes and dudettes. Cryptography is the new Nuclear
technology of the Information Age. Big Brother is paying attention.
   Most people who recognize this still fail to see the 'thwarting'
that takes place by those whose sole purpose is to spread disinformation
while seeming to agree with the consensus opinion on the list. The subtle slants which are a constant undercurrent in their posts are
seldom seen as an attempt to undermine the issues they appear to be
  In some cases, undoubtedly, but anyone who thinks that the flames
and off-topic posts are the enemy on this list are _not_ aware of
what is going on.
  Noise will deflect idiots and lightweights from following the crucial
issues surrounding cryptography, but this in no great loss. The true
loss to the list is when the supposedly intelligent members lose the
capacity to distinguish critical points raised on the list because they
have allowed themselves to fall into the same personality based mode
of censorship as was forcefully imposed on the list.
  Look at the number of people on the list who _boast_ about their
killfiles. They are idiots. Even those who profess to use their filters as an information tool seem to base their filtering on
personality, to a large degree.
  The result? They are filtering _into_ view those the disinformation
artists who will lick their dick in order to lead them away from areas they don't want to receive too much attention.
  The result of the sheep mentality of cliques who killfile each other
is that if a list member wants to raise an issue outside of his or her
own _clan_ on the list, then they must make NOISE sufficient to draw
in the members of other clans, whose other members will read their
  Your post might waken a few of the converted to remind them that it
takes an effort to stay on track, but if you had found a way to work
the word "cocksucker" into the list, you would have reached a wider
audience, and perhaps done some good where it will be more effective.
(Or, better yet, badmouth the list Icons.)
  The fact of the matter is, spotting spooks and schills on this list
is a minor matter of the simplest of traffic analysis, given the fact
that so many list members are content to focus their attention only on
the _visible_ enemies that those who use deceit and deception have to
make little effort to cover their tracks.
  I think that all list members would be well-advised to read your post
and give it serious thought.
  I think, however, that they should also make an attempt to broaden
the concepts you deal with, in their own mind, in order to adjust their
view as to the true nature of the traffic on this list really is.

@_date: 1997-03-23 12:06:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] Cyclic codes 
Tim C. Mayo studied yoga back-streching exercises for five years so he could blow himself (nobody else will).
     ))))
    ))  OO  Tim C. Mayo
    6   (_)
    `____c

@_date: 1997-03-23 15:53:48
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: "Dr. Roberts" and his advice to the list 
I wouldn't be so certain about this.
  Consider the fact that the remailers can be initially studied through
relatively _pure_ analysis, for starters. i.e. - a series of slow
periods of remailer use where and entity can ensure that almost all
of those 100 messages belong to them.
  Thus the remailer can be studied for non-random patterns that may be
unknown even to the operator himself.
  Then consider the fact that many of the people using remailers have
habits and patterns that can easily be studied and followed.   i.e. - Time periods online, standard delay time used in posting
commands, frequency and volume of their posts.   You must also consider context and syntax analysis that point to the true author of anonymous posts, and the fact that, once known, their
personal systems can be monitored to reveal the exact time and nature
of their input into the remailers.
  Even knowledge of killfiles can eliminate some of the overhead for
traffic analysis, eliminating some sources as being responsible for
volume of anonymous email directed at certain subjects or authors.
  Many of the factors involved in traffic analysis can be obtained
outside of the realm of actual input and output of the remailers
themselves, thus narrowing the range of _unknown_ factors in that
  Certainly there has been much thought and consideration given to
the remailer system, by people who allow for various methods of attack
on and/or analysis of their system. However, the assumption of 100
_random_ messages can drop pretty fast when one takes into account
the number of factors that may turn some of these messages into quantifiable and easily analyzed entities. Add to this the possibility
of factors that are known to the attackers, but not to the defenders,
and the margin of security drops even further.
  Care must be taken to realize that even if one is making efforts to
conceal their email traffic, that the results of their efforts are
also affected by the person who always posts between 4 and 6 pm, who
always posts via the same remailer and who always uses a 2 hour delay command in his posts.
  One needs to remember, as well, that with the capabilities of autobots
and switching mechanisms, that to flood a system or systems at certain
critical times is an insignificant obstacle to inputing a large quantity
of _know_ data into the frame of analysis.
  This is an asinine statement.
  If you are interested in furthering the interests of privacy through encryption and remailers, why don't you aide someone asking for pointers
to better information?
  Is this list reserved for those who already know it all?
  Can you say "statist?" Sure, you can.
  If all information was in those articles, then I suspect that the
remailers would already be "rock solid."
  Rather than living in the past, as if all possibilities had already
been discussed and decided, it might better serve some list members to
take their hard-earned knowledge and apply it to today's situation,
with new technologies, methodologies, routings, etc.
  Not only have these things changed, but the types and number of
people who use them have also changed, thus changing the scope of
possible approaches to traffic analysis.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1997-03-23 16:02:46
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [PGP-USERS] *** THE HAYSTACK REMAILER IS GONE *** 
Several months ago, someone (Toto, I believe) posted a thoughtful
message suggesting that the burgeoning Internet would result in a
huge influx of carpetbaggers of one sort or another, and that the
established entities, such as lists and remailers, had best be making
plans to deal with the changing frontier or suffer the consequences.
  Another person, whose name escapes me, as she rarely posts, replied
that she thought the post would prove prophetic, much more so than
people believed.
  I mention this mostly to point out that it has been only a short time
since this prediction was made, and it is already coming to fruitation
in more than a few areas.
  Survival is going to mean adjustment to the fast changing conditions
of the growing Internet. Social and political issues are going to impact
developments as much or more than technology, and any entity which cannot adapt in these areas will die off, like the dinosaurs.
  While I sympathize with the remailer operators for having to deal with
spamming problems, spammers and assholes did not suddenly appear out of
nowhere in the recent past.
  The quickening pace of changes in the future will no longer allow
system operators and administrators to wait until problems become
unmanageable before they make plans to deal with them.
  In addition to pure anonymous remailers, perhaps there is a need for
variations, as well, which encompass varying forms of subscription or
authentication. Perhaps limiting the number of posts from an address,
raising that limit according to gained reputation capital.
  As far as anonymity being maintained, is it possible for the system
files which log identity/address to be encrypted with a password that
is not known to any human, but only to the system? i.e. - even with a
court order, there is no way for the operator to provide the info.
  Lessening the legal hassles could spread the use of remailers, with
many being resistant to abuse. Those to whom the anonymity is very
important would not have any problem finding the remaining pure remailers. Most of the quick-buck crowd would probably not make the effort to find them, having assumed, from the spam resistant remailers,
that they are not a valid option for them.
  If cypherpunks are serious about making remailers available to the public then we will need to make them both useable and functional for
those who might be open to running them.
  This cannot be done by making them only useful for 'pure' use. If someone were to design a remailer that would only let whites use it,
there would be a great hue and cry, but there would also be more remailers available, shortly thereafter. Then someone would design one that could only be used for minorities, etc.
  If you really want to spread the use of remailers, design them so that
you can make a pile of money off of them, in a good way. Then get rich
while you further their development and use.

@_date: 1997-03-25 03:01:30
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Tim C. May's Interpretation of the U.K. Proposal 
Tim, at his best, interprets the U.K. laws from both a global and
local perspective.
  Certainly, any actions of the U.K., in particular, should be viewed
from the lingering shadow of the British Commonwealth. The U.K., having
ruled an Empire, is much more cognizant of the implications of how the
structure of proposed legislation will affect the expansion of global
aims, or the protection of indigeonous rule.
  Although "local content," as Tim points out, is undeniably one
of the major factors behind the legislation, the U.K. is also undoubtedly positioning themselves to resist letting the *power*
that comes from information *control* fall into the hands of
  We have passed from the age when currency, alone, ruled.
  We are now truly in the Information Age, and those who wish to
rule, to control others, must rule and control information. This
is why the great battles of the day now surround standards and
encryption, and encryption standards, above all.
  The US Bumverments reversal on encryption policy is not a
result of enlightenment, but a result of other nations taking
a leading role in encryption development. They have not really
abandoned their plans to control all information, but have
merely recognized that they must move their efforts into the
global community before other powers have locked up the market.
  The only solution to the threat of global information control
by one, or a few, players, is to promote the widest possible
variety of encryption development.
  Not just national security, but national *control*.
  Perhaps the U.K. is the first country to truly recognize and
act on the threat of national borders falling victim to the
global potential of new Internet technology.
  After all, they were one of the first nations to feel the
sting of the printing press, and to experience the birth pains
of the global changes that it would give birth to.
  Truly their is another great global war shaping up, but this time the battle will be fought with bits and bytes, and the
battleground will be electronic.
  The winner will rule the medium.
  The medium IS the message. Those who rule the medium will rule
the message. And in the Information Age, the message will rule
the world.
  "In the beginning, was the Message. And the Message was with
God, and the Message WAS God."
  McLuhan was a voice crying in the wilderness, an electronic
John the Baptist.
  He, too, spoke of one who would come who was greater than he.
And he warned of the evil one who would fight to rule the minds
of all mankind.   He warned of wolves, in sheep's clothing, who would claim that
their aim was to protect us from pornographers and drug dealers.
  Well, not in the King James version, perhaps, but I am certain
that it was worded that way in "Tim's Vernacular Translation of
the Bible."
   N o t  D r. R o b e r t s

@_date: 1997-03-26 10:14:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: New WinSock Remailer Available; Compatible with Win95 
Dimitri Vulis  writez:
And where would one find a copy of that?

@_date: 1997-03-27 17:24:06
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
Tim Maytag, a product of anal birth, appeared with a coathanger through his head.
          /_/\/\
          \_\  /
          /_/  \
          \_\/\ \
             \_\/

@_date: 1997-03-28 11:15:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Accounts payable 
Tim C[reep] May has been a source of endless embarassments to his sympathizers on and off the net.
    o   \ o /  _ o         __|    \ /     |__        o _  \ o /   o
   /|\    |     /\   ___\o   \o    |    o/    o/__   /\     |    /|\ Tim C[reep] May
   / \   / \   | \  /)  |    ( \  /o\  / )    |  (\  / |   / \   / \

@_date: 1997-03-30 01:34:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] PRNG 
Timmy May digs into his cesspool of a mind for his mailing list                 _
               / '
           /><\  Timmy May
          //[ `' ]\\

@_date: 1997-03-30 08:50:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Heaven's Cypherpunks 
If you like weird connections, how about a Cypherpunks-Heaven's Gate
link?  If you like really weird connections, how about a Cypherpunks-
Heaven's Gate-Solar Temple link?  If you like really, really weird
connections, how about a Cypherpunks-Heaven's Gate-Solar Temple-
Waco link?
   Lest you think I jest, let me explain that what I am about to tell
is fairly easy to verify and document, and is not based on vague
to some psychic vibrations from the comet, which seem to be rather
commonplace lately.
   In the early 1970's there was a small group in Canada, known as the
Bartonian Metaphysical Society.  The group was joined by an individual
named C.J. Parker, who had just had his first experience of "the end of
the world" as a member of Herbert W. Armstrong's Worldwide Church
of God.
    Parker became a teacher and leader in the group, which soon became
the Institute for Applied Metaphysics, with metaphysical retreats in
Saskatchewan, Ontario and Quebec.  There were often UFO reports
surrounding the dates of their intensive seminars in Eastern Canada,
which received press coverage, I believe.     Parker was involved, according to both himself and many others,
in the founding of the New Covenant Club during his involvement
with IAM.  This was centered around the belief that the "old
covenant" with God, which involved circumcision, had now been
replaced with a "new covenant," which involved vasectomies.
   Later, some of the Eastern leaders began indicating that if
vasectomies were a good way of indicating one's dedication to
spirituality in the end-times, then castration was even better.
    Parker was soon involved in a second "end of the world" when
Winifred Barton made her prediction in the mid-to-late 1970's.
After her prediction appeared (to some) not to come true, then many
left the group and quite a few migrated to other groups, including
the Solar Temple.
   Parker migrated to Texas, where he was involved in the music
business, and in running clubs for mob interests.  He managed clubs
in Waco and Killeen, Texas, where he apparently became involved
with David Koresh, although that might have been at a later date.
    He was arrested and convicted in Bell County, Texas for assault on police officers there, sometime around 1980.
    Parker became a recording artist and soon afterward moved
to Tucson, Arizona, where he continued to dabble in music and
metaphysics, travelling across the SouthWestern U.S., as well as
up and down the west coast.
   He started a computer company in Tucson, called "Pearl Harbor
Computers," which was based on the belief that computers were
the work of Satan, that Bill Gates and Microsoft were tenacles of
the Satan, and that those who wished to fight evil must dedicate
themselves to promoting other operating systems, UNIX in   Parker apparently fathered an organization called the "Circle of
Eunuchs" that was dedicated to recruiting individuals who had
the skills and the intelligence to develop systems and methodologies
which could serve to work against what he saw as the plans of
Satan to bring domination over the whole earth    At various times, he has had vehicles registered in the states which
were his main recruiting area: Texas, Arizona, California, New
Mexico, and Oregon. (He also made limited recruiting trips to
Germany, Poland, and, I believe, Russia.)
   Parker spent time in California where he was in contact with Do,
who shared his fetish for mixing computers and spirituality, and it
was apparently Parker who introduced him to the concepts underlying
the New Covenant Club.  Parker and Do also shared an affinity for
mixing spirituality and alien theories, and decided that the Internet
was going to be the battleground of the future in the fight between
good and evil.
   Parker was also involved with a group in Berkeley, California,
Basis, Inc., which was heavily involved in a Unix time-sharing
enterprise and gave Parker access to a wide variety of young
students and programmers to introduce to his belief system.
   Parker named the evil protagonist in the manuscript after the
login name for one of Basis' founders, "Gomez."  Parker wrote
the book under the pseudonym of "son of gomez," as Basis'
Gomez was his mentor in the world of UNIX.
   Parker was responsible for a manuscript titled "The Xenix
Chainsaw Massacre" that contained a character, Bubba Rom Dos,
which was loosely based on Do, including veiled references to
his sexual inclination toward youngsters.  Among those in the
Circle of Eunuchs, it was also referred to as Part I of "The True
Story of the Internet," which they foresaw as the vehicle that would prove the manuscript prophetic.
   Parker and his tenacles used the Internet to quietly spread the
manuscript among those thought to be potential recruits, even as
Do's group began making their impact on the Internet.
   Parker believed that Phil Zimmerman's troubles were a result
of his group using Zimmerman's PGP to spread the manuscript
secretly across the Internet.  He apparently impressed upon Do
the need to use PGP to secure any communications which were
of a nature that they could cause undue trouble for groups which
were working against Satan and Gates.
   Parker's second manuscript, Part II , began as "TV World" and
later was changed to "WebWorld and the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs."
   This manuscript was apparently supposed to be converted to
hypertext, with complete graphics, by Higher Source, and several
chapters were in the works, but about a week before the El Rancho suicides, Parker was told that he should go ahead and release it in
its present form, because Higher Source would not be in a position
to complete the work.
   Parker began converting the second manuscript to hypertext himself
and has had members of his organization releasing it on the Cypherpunks
list.  Chapters of the manuscript have been released from various points
in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., and Russia.
   Although the manuscript had already been completed around a year
before this, Parker, after receiving word to begin its release, began making _changes_ in the manuscript, apparently as a result of no longer
having a need to so heavily disguise the connection between the Circle
of Eunuchs and Do.
   A prologue was written for "WebWorld," sent to the Cypherpunks list
on March 18, 1997, in which the opening strains contained the
quote, "Why didn't I _do_ something?"  The word "do" was in bold
   Then, the next word in bold format was the word _me_, indicating
that the first bold word should be pronounced as in the musical notes,
do, re, me.
   The sentence containing the world _me_?  It was a reference to Do
being 'picked up,'
   "This time, they are coming for _me_."
   And the new opening sentence of the manuscript?  A veiled reference
to the fact that those left behind had been warned of their last chance
to 'escape' the fate that awaits them.
"The great tragedy of it, is that it didn't have to happen.  Not at
we were warned."
The URL's of the manuscripts are:
     They are apparently hosted by David E. Smith I don't believe that he is a member of Parker's inner circle, although
does have many connections to hackers and phreaks in the Edmonton,
Alberta area.
   Except for the prologue, the sections of the original manuscript seem
to be in small print, with the newly written sections in large print. new sections appear to use the Cypherpunks as analogous to the space
aliens, and a new character, Jonathan, representing one of the Heaven's
Gate members, is added.
   "He rode the river of tears once again, only this time the journey
_toward_ the CypherPunks, and toward freedom."
   It is my understanding that the "Magic Circle" is quite active in
Western Canada and the Southwest U.S.  They seem to be a very secretive organization with ties to a number of groups, including the Solar Temple cult in Quebec, and a Diamond System (?) Freudian-Sufi sect centered in the Bay area.
   I dropped all involvement with these people a year or so ago, as I decided that involvement with them is unhealthy.  I hope that you will
make an effort to check out what I have told you, and perhaps expose
any activities which could lead to more deaths and castrations.
   I don't want to be involved with anything further to do with them,
as I am uneasy about being connected with them in any way, shape,
or form, although I still keep track of their activities through certain
members who are on the periphery of their organizations.
   C.J. Parker is a nome-de-plume he took on as a musician, and I can't
recall his real name, but it shouldn't be too difficult to find, given
fact that he has a criminal record in the U.S. which should link the
pseudonym with his birth name.  He also might be located by tracking
him through his record releases, which were done in Canada, I believe.

@_date: 1997-03-31 06:28:05
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Privacy? Not in Canada! 
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp,talk.politics.crypto
Organization: Hamilton-Wentworth FreeNet, Ontario, Canada.
CRIMINALS WON'T BE THE ONLY TARGETS
Criminals won't be the only targets if strong non-escrowed encryption is
outlawed although criminals provide a convenient excuse for governments
seeking to extend their power over their own citizens.
Even in Canada, a nation which can hardly be described as a police state,
there is good reason to fear the security and intelligence apparatus will be
used by the government against its legitimate and law-abiding political
opponents.  Let me give you two examples.
1) BUREAUCRAT'S "LET'S GET HIM" MEMO
Within the last couple of weeks, the Canadian public learned from news
reports about a meno written by a top level federal bureaucrat in which he
complained about the activities of a private citizen and suggested that his
fellow government officials should "take a look at this guy."  The private citizen was a law-abiding, former military officer whose freedom
of information requests had exposed mismanagement and corruption in the
government.  This memo was particularly chilling because the recipients
included officials of the tax department and the Canadian Security and
Intelligence Service (CISIS) -- two agencies well suited to bringing pressure
to bear on private citizens.  Although the bureaucrat was caught in the act
this time, it is quite disturbing that a senior civil servant believes such a
memo to be normal and acceptable.
2) NEO-NAZI PLANTED IN OPPOSITION PARTY
During the last Canadian federal election, the ruling Progressive
Conservative Party (PCs) was losing voters to the Reform Party, a moderate,
small "c" conservative party based in Western Canada.  The PC's campaign
strategy was to accuse Reform of being "extremists" or "racists."
About the only evidence of this that the PCs were able to produce was the
founder and leader of a small neo-nazi style group who had attempted to
infiltrate the Reform Party with little success.  Subsequently the public learned that the neo-nazi was actually a paid agent
of the Canadian Security and Intelligence Service (CISIS), an agency
ultimately controlled by the Progressive Conservative government.
There have been the expected denials from CISIS but the most plausible
interpretation of these events is that the Progressive Conservative
government tried to sabotage the electoral chances of the Reform Party by
planting a neo-nazi on its fringes.  CISIS is one of the government agencies that definitely would have access to
all of the material obtained from the proposed key escrow or key recovery
type systems.
WHY HONEST CITIZENS SHOULD BE WORRIED
The increasing use of email and other data telecommunications will greatly
expand the amount of private and personal information on private citizens
that governments can collect, archive, and sift through whenever they need
weapons to use against their legitimate political opponents.  This
information can be collected very cheaply and used in ways that are difficult
for the government's victims to counter or even detect.  For example, a simple telephone call to a cooperative bank official just
before the a target attempts to renew a line of credit for his business.  The
only effective way to prevent this is with the wide availability and use of
strong non-escrowed, non-key-recovery encryption.
As for those trusting souls out there who still believe they have nothing to
hide, ask yourself this question:     Would you be willing to email carbon copies of all your email messages    and online data transmissions to one of your political opponents?  If secure encryption is banned, this is exactly what you will be doing and
you had better be prepared to agree with everything the government does on
every issue or take the consequences!

@_date: 1997-05-02 12:50:41
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: But thank God we live in Amerika... 
Gee, and when Tim May said he was a felon, then I thought maybe
he was murdering children, or something.
  Actually, maybe Tim *is* murdering children, but the authorities
are leaving him alone because the numbers on his mailbox (written
in the blood of children) are 2" high, leading them to believe
that he is a model citizen.
  If Orwell had put a reference to a law such as this, with severe
penalities for illegal-sized mailbox numbers in his work, "1984",
he would have been laughed at as an unrealistic lunatic.
  (Not that he wasn't, anyway.)
  Around the world, conspiracy theorists and psycho-thriller
writers are starving to death because they can't compete with
reality and the nightly news.
  Me? I used to be an activist, now I'm just another guy/gal
taking violin lessons from Nero. (We meet Tuesdays at Motel 6.
Come on by, we'll leave a light-bulb joke on for you.)

@_date: 1997-05-02 12:53:15
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Paul Bradley is too paranoid. 
Quit picking at your face, and clean up that mess in the kitchen.
  Not that I'm monitoring you...

@_date: 1997-05-02 12:54:52
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: SAFE Bill / Fuck You (an inch at a time) 
When is the last time you saw a Volvo ad that said:
"It's the safest car on the road, unless you corner too fast."
  Or a Chrysler ad that said:
"Our air bags will provide you with complete protection, although
they may kill your children."
  When Ford had a problem with Pinto gas tanks exploding on impact, and Richard Pryor set himself on fire, freebasing, I
started selling T-shirts in Austin, Texas, saying:
"I'd rather freebase than drive a Pinto."
  Ford Motor Company sent TWO legal eagles down from Ford
Country, to exhort me to cease and desist.
  Car companies have better sense than to broach these subjects,
even when they are truthful, because they know that the citizens
won't put up with it. If they have a problem, they deny and avoid
it--totally. They know that the citizens will *vote* with their
  Government, on the other hand, has so totally snowed the citizens
that they no longer even bother, in many cases, with the pretension
of providing us with a product of superb quality.
  Instead, we get:
"Our product/legislation has a few flaws, but hell, it's better than
nothing at all."
"I'm supporting this legislation because it will get me elected in
my district. So what if it fucks a few dirt-farmers halfway across
the country?"
"We already have dozens of laws covering this issue, but its a current hot-topic, so we'll pass another one, and add a few
dozen items for special-interests groups which fuck a variety
of citizens in the ass, but which we can still justify as being
'for the greater good.'"
  I mean, let's get real, here.
  We put up with crap from our government that we wouldn't accept
from someone trying to sell us a mouthwash. The reason that we're
not all drinking the "New Coke" is that D.C. has siphoned off all
of the spin doctors/brainwashers from the corporate advertising
  I'll lay you even money that, given sufficient funding, I could
be elected as the next President of the U.S. using slogans like:
"I promise to only fuck you a little bit at a time."
"As your President, I will move us more slowly towards a total Police State."
  Why do we put up with blatantly "flawed" legislation, when we
wouldn't put up with the same thing in a consumer product?
  It is because corporations fear the consumers, to a certain
extent, but government has no fear of the citizens, for the most
part. The government used to fear the Press, at least marginally,
but they now have them in their back pocket, so the Press no longer has the power to serve as an element of protection/information
for the citizenry.
  So the government can pass legislation which gives us rights
which we already have, without it, and cut off another inch or
two of our freedom/privacy at the same time.
  And, in the process, we will hear, from both the government and
the Press, about the virtues of "compromise."
  THE ONLY THING BEING "COMPROMISED" IS THE CITIZEN, THE BILL OF
RIGHTS, FREEDOM & PRIVACY.
  An inch at a time. Slowly but inexorably. It's called "compromise."
It's called "reality." It's called "you scratch my back and I'll scratch yours."
  Of course, when its done all at once, then it's called dictatorship,
and fascism.
  That's why we don't do it "all at once" here. Because this is a
"free country." So we just do it an inch at a time. And then another
inch. And then another...
Personal aside, to Mr. T.C. May:
  "We'll drop the felony charges of 'using encryption in the commission of a crime' if you will plead guilty to the 'jaywalking'
  (You never should have encrypted that letter to your mom, Tim, and put the floppy in your pocket. Sure, you can fight the jaywalking
charges, if you're willing to risk 20 years in prison on the felony
encryption charges.)

@_date: 1997-05-02 21:02:50
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] ZKP 
Timmy `C' May's aberrant sexual life has negatively impacted his mental         ,,,
   -ooO(o o)Ooo- Timmy `C' May
         v

@_date: 1997-05-02 23:20:44
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: unSAFE (at any speed) 
Declan McCullagh got off his knees and pulled up his
pants long enough to forward:
  Amen! Someone who understands that the governement long ago usurped
the power of the voters and has declared the citizens to be the enemy,
putting in place governmental powers that allow the elite to rule the
country according to their personal dictates, no matter what the wishes
of the citizens are.
  The ruling elite (not the people we elect, by the way) let us fight vainly over this or that provision of laws and regulations
which cut off our private parts an inch at a time, and then, once
their overt screwing of the citizenry has reached its final limits,
they finish the job behind closed doors, via the dictatorial power
of *national emergency* legislation.
  'We the sheeple' would be outraged if the government entered our
homes and businesses and forced us into compliance with their wishes
at gunpoint.
  So they do it with financial guns, in an age where money=survival,
and the average joe's mind has been so conditioned to financial rule
that the Money Gods are deemed to be invincible paragons of 'right
  No matter how obvious it is that the government is using our own
money to screw us, we still feel that we are 'bad people' if we don't pay our taxes. We feel like we are truly guilty criminals
if we resist participating in our own oppression.
  And if he declares a "Jaywalking Violators National Emergency"
with far-reaching consequences, it will get a small blurb on the
back pages of the major print media, if anything.
  Declan (bless his D.C. journalist ass) might speak up about the
dangers of the action, but is unlikely to be heard by the people
at the shopping malls, where most Americans live.
  How long until we have a new law which "grants" us the right to
breathe, but makes breathing in furtherance of a crime subject to
severe penalties?
  The end result? We can *still* use strong crypto, but *now* it will cost us five years of our life to do so, unless we give up
our keys, which negates the use of crypto in the first place.
  I used to love Garner Ted Armstrong talking about missionaries
who travelled to obscure corners of the earth in order to *save*
people by telling them about Jesus.
  He would ask them what happened if a particular individual died
before the missionary arrived, and thus never got a chance to hear
about Jesus? Would they burn in hell, as a result.
  The missionaries would explain that, since they never got a chance to hear about Jesus, that they would go to heaven by default,
since God wouldn't punish them with everlasting fire just because
they never had a chance to be *saved*.
  Garner Ted would then point out that the missionaries where thus
not giving the individual a chance to go to *heaven*, since they
were going there anyway, by default, but were, in fact, giving the
individual a chance to go to *hell*.
  I think about this every time that I hear about a new piece of
government legislation designed to *save* me from this-or-that
  Yes, but the reality of life is that reasonable people learn that
they need to compromise...and compromise...and compromise...and compromise...and compromise...and compromise...and compromise...
  "HEY! WHERE DID ALL OF MY FREEDOM AND PRIVACY GO?!?"

@_date: 1997-05-03 00:23:37
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: A Letter from the Smithsonian 
Dear Dr. Dimitri Vulis, Thank you for your latest submission to the Institute, labeled "211-D,
layer seven, next to the clothesline post. Hominid skull." We have  given
this specimen a careful and detailed examination, and regret to inform you
that we disagree with your theory that it represents "conclusive proof of
the presence of Early Man in Queens County two million years ago."
Rather, it appears that what you have found is the head of a Barbie doll,
of the variety one of our staff, who has small children, believes to be the
"Malibu Barbie". It is evident that you have given a great deal of thought
to the analysis of this specimen, and you may be quite certain that those
of us who are familiar with your prior work in the field were loathe to
come to contradiction with your findings. However, we do feel that there are a number of physical attributes of the
specimen which might have tipped you off to its modern origin: 1. The material is molded plastic. Ancient hominid remains are  typically
     fossilized bone. 2. The cranial capacity of the specimen is approximately 9 cubic
    centimeters, well below the threshold of even the earliest identified
    proto-hominids. 3. The dentition pattern evident on the "skull" is more consistent with the
    common domesticated canine (dog) than it is with the "ravenous
    man-eating Pliocene clams" you speculate roamed the wetlands during
    that time. This latter finding is certainly one of the most intriguing
    hypotheses you have submitted in your history with this institution, but     the evidence seems to weigh rather heavily against it. Without going into too much detail, let us say that: A. The specimen looks like the head of a Barbie doll that a dog has
    chewed on. B. Clams don't have teeth. It is with feelings tinged with melancholy that we must deny your request to have the specimen carbon dated. This is partially due to the heavy load
our lab must bear in its normal operation, and partly due to carbon
dating's notorious inaccuracy in fossils of recent geologic record. To the
best of our knowledge, no Barbie dolls were produced prior to 1956
AD, and carbon dating is likely to produce wildly inaccurate results Sadly, we must also deny your request that we approach the National
Science Foundation's Phylogeny Department with the concept of assigning your specimen the scientific name "Australopithecus Speaking personally, I, for one, fought tenaciously for the acceptance of
your proposed taxonomy, but was ultimately voted down because the
species name you selected was hyphenated, and didn't really sound like it
might be Latin. However, we gladly accept your generous donation of this fascinating specimen to the museum. While it is undoubtedly not a hominid fossil,  it is, nonetheless, yet another riveting example of the great body of work you seem to accumulate here so effortlessly. You should know that our Director has reserved a special shelf in his own office for the display of the specimens you have previously submitted to the Institution, and the entire staff speculates daily on what you will happen upon next in your digs at the site you have discovered in your back yard. Dr. Vulis, we eagerly anticipate your trip to our nation's capital that you proposed in your last letter, and several of us are pressing the Director to pay for it.
We are particularly interested in hearing you expand on your theories
surrounding the "trans-positating fillifitation of ferrous ions in a                                                 structural matrix" that makes the excellent juvenile Tyrannosaurus rex femur you recently discovered take on the deceptive appearance of a rusty 9-mm Sears Craftsman automotive crescent wrench. Yours in Science, Harvey Rowe
Curator, Antiquities

@_date: 1997-05-03 03:53:12
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: SAFE Bill / Fuck You (an inch at a time) 
I guess that if their spin-doctors had been involved in the
list takeover, that we would all have golden images of Sameer on our

@_date: 1997-05-05 07:53:31
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [STEGO] One-time pads 
Timmy C. Mayonnaise sexually molests little children, farm animals, and inanimate objects.
     < >            < >
      V    )_.._(    V Timmy C. Mayonnaise
      \\   <____>   //
        ~ <______> ~      >
        /~\______/~\     //
        /~\_____/~\     /_\
        /~\____/~\     /_\
         /~\___/\~\  _/_\/
            \___/\__/__\/
              \___/__\/

@_date: 1997-05-06 04:58:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Controversial Commercial ISP for Remailer?Controversial Commercial ISP for Remailer? 
Suppose you wanted a commercial ISP to run a Winsock middleman remailer on.
An ISP that was tolerant of the kinds of abuse and SPAM that remailers occasionally suffer from.  An ISP who'd take your money and leave you alone. An ISP who wouldn't drop your account because of bad publicity. An ISP that could be a stable anchor for a remailer system,
and maybe even for web-page remailers.
Well, such an ISP exists, but there's a catch.  It's Cyberpromo.com --
An ISP whose reputation capital was already so LOW that another gigabyte of flames to the postmaster wouldn't really be noticed.  The good news is that service is pretty cheap - $50/2yrs POP+autoresponder,
or $39 one-time for a mail forwarder.  Don't know if he takes anonymous accounts, but probably does, since money orders are more reliable than most of his customers :-)  Also don't know how he'd respond to subpoenas and warrants (probably quickly?) or wiretap requests (he's not a telco), or how long before he'll be assassinated or banned or IDPd.
The bad news, of course, is that Spamford's negative reputation rubs off
on the whole remailer system, and you risk a lot more spamming and
anti-spammer attacks on your remailer (hence more administration work),
and you risk raising Spamford's public image, and it does involve
giving money to Spamford, which could be viewed as rewarding bad behaviour.
You'd probably want to limit the remailer to one email destination per message to cut down on spamming.
#			Thanks;  Bill
# Bill Stewart, +1-415-442-2215 stewarts at ix.netcom.com
# You can get PGP outside the US at ftp.ox.ac.uk/pub/crypto/pgp
#     (If this is a mailing list, please Cc: me on replies.  Thanks.)

@_date: 1997-05-07 10:15:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: AP --> AR 
Tim May verily saith [paraphrase]:
This will be an historical event of importance comparable to the American Revolution and the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Even now Clinton and his organization are pointing weapons of mass terror and murder at hundreds of millions of people around the world, and other
leaders of these gangs with weapons too murderous to be called
gangs, these terrorists far too terrifying to the called terrorists,
are pointing their weapons at us.  Far from enemies, the supergang
chieftans contribute to each others' campaigns, turning democracy
into a sick joke.  The fact of friendship between super-terrorist
leaders does not stop them from threatening us with terror and death in the name of "defense" against "enemy nations", and by the most
bizarre hypocrisy ever dreamed up by the mind of man, trampling our
rights in the name of controlling "terrorism".  The supreme justice will be done when these weapons of mass terror are turned back on their wielders and those proximate who have failed to use their   proximity to bring these ultimate criminals to justice.  Those
innocents who die will be mourned as saviours for the many tens
of millions who would have been murdered by governments in the twenty first century, as they have been in the twentieth.
I live about one hundred-fifty miles away from that fetid place, sometimes
downwind.  The risk to my family from the fallout is fairly small
compared to the risks we face every day from these super-terrorists
pointing weapons at us, threatening us constantly, sometimes murdering
us outright when they can cook up a good enough story to justify it
on the evening news.  The money I have to spend to protect my family from the fallout, and from any temporary economic setback to
our region, would be earned back in less than a year of not having my livelihood sucked away by these mass murdering parasites, and the very lives
of my beloved family, my lovely wife, my son and my two daughters,
threatened by their thug friends and campaign contributors overseas.   D.C. may lead the nation in personal crimes, but these
are as nothing next to the crimes it has committed against the peoples
of the rest of the nation and the world.  These self-legalized criminals have in this administration alone murdered more children than Charles Manson killed adults.
AP may be more targeted, but it just doesn't do the crimes justice.
For that will come AR -- appropriate response. "John the Baptist"

@_date: 1997-05-08 07:52:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Igor's Diabolical Mind 
I am currently monitoring a friend's system in order to analyze
the source and methodologies of various attacks on it and I spend my
spare time reading his email, databases, private diaries, etc.
  (I am blessed with breasts which allow me to set a man's car on
fire and know he will just smile, and say, "That's OK, I'll get
another one.")
  His comments regarding "Igor" imply that you have a diabolical
mind and a good nose for nasty business.
  I can tell from your comments above that he judged you fairly well.
  Most hackers tend to be one-time Charlie's who pop into a low
security system to mark their territory by pissing on a directory
tree, so to speak, or adding their own personal form of graffiti
and then returning home to pat themselves on the back for their great genius.
  In many cases the admin of a good system will have everything
back to normal before the hacker has finished congratulating
  The system intruder I am currently dealing with has a long
history of success in his nefarious activities and one of the
main reasons for this is his patience and his subtlety.
  Once he gains entry to a system he generally sets up an
obscure back door for himself, pulls a directory tree, finds out the backup schedule, and then exits.
  He then lays out a plan of attack which is geared toward
allowing him to roam the system at will without being observed.
Usually, he will start by replacing such things as the system 'ps' command with one that keeps certain processes hidden from
the prying eyes of sysadmins. He also substitutes his own
programs for system files which are rarely installed and/or
  He is one of a rare breed of pure hackers whose main focus is
system penetration and information access, with control issues being secondary. This requires a level of patience that allows
him to observe the system for months, if necessary, before
moving to secure his long-term ability to penetrate the system
and roam at will.
  Once an intruder has his handiwork on the previous few months
of system backups, then you might say that he has become a "tenured" member of your organization.
  I have had previous experience with the individual involved
in the compromise of my friend's system (and ISP) and I am well
aware of the fact that much of his power comes from the fact
that he tends not to interfere with the functioning of one's
system unless he is attacked. (In which case he generally fires
a shot over the sysadmin's bow, indicating that the choices are
"peaceful coexistence" or "explaining to management that their
system is 'toast' because you chose to cop an attitude.")
  The only way, to my knowledge, that anyone has ever forced his
exit from a system he has penetrated has been by ferreting out
enough of the substructure of his intrusion that he fears his
latest methodologies being discovered and exposed to scrutiny.
{In which case he quietly packs up and leaves. {In my case,
he sent me flowers, as well.})
  On rare occasions he will intervene to fix system problems
that are beyond the resident sysadmin, perhaps because the
problems are affecting his own activities.
  When macro capabilities were added to spreadsheet programs,
he had a trojan written for them before the shrink-wrap on
the new release hit the floor. (He recognized macros as a
close cousin to the Unix daemons, which he considers God's
gift to pure hackers.)
  He was lurking on my friend's system in Austin, at the time, and he dropped my friend a polite note that advised him
it would be unwise to mess with the files until the hacker
had debugged them sufficiently that they would not cause
inadvertant problems.
  His current work-in-progress is a Trojan which is frightening
in its scope if it turns out to operate in the manner that I
and others now suspect. It may represent a quantum leap in Trojan
Horse technology (kind of an Equestrian Trojan Horse).
  {Its existence was "discovered" by a cypherpunk, by the way.}
  While I am not at liberty to reveal the as yet sketchy details
of how the Trojan operates, I can give you a small glimpse into
the the mind of its creator by providing an example of another
Trojan that was previously discovered with his signature on it.
  The Trojan works through a word processor's spell checking and automatic correction system.
  Nonsensical character sequences are added to the spell checker,
in the form of 'xytrz-->delete', 'xribpt-->format', etc. A .doc file is placed on the system which, when spell-corrected, will
then become "format c:" or whatever its creator desires.
  A variety of triggers were discovered for the Trojan, and they
encompassed a variety of approaches. (The triggers were indicative
of a benign series of probing experiments designed to lead to a
finished product versatile enough to bypass any attempt to guard
against the Trojan's execution.)
  A simple trigger would run a .bat file which loaded the file into
the word processor, auto-corrected the spelling, saved the file as a .exe file of the creator's choosing, then exited.
  More complicated triggers involved such things as (in Win 95)
giving the file a unique extension (such as .xyz), using the
"open with" option to point to a hidden copy of a word processor
executable which has no macro-virus protection, etc., and which
will run the macros in place in the file when it is opened.
  (A variation on this trigger takes advantage of the fact that
many systems keep outdated versions of word processing software
on the system in order to be able to work with older files {which
often turn to crap when loaded into the latest-greatest version,
despite manufacturer's claims of compatability}. Users and admins
generally don't stop to realize that the "protection" they install
is often applied only to the newest version of their software.)
  As you pointed out, Igor, the more subtle a program's operation
and effects, the longer it can work undiscovered and the greater
the range of the time/space continuim it can encompass.
  Virus/Trojan checkers generally guard only against system damage and/or loss of data. It is infinitely more difficult
to guard against a system intruder who has other goals in mind
and has the patience to remain unobtrusive.
  Even most security conscious system administrators don't take
much note of minor glitches as long as they appear to be benign
problems inherent in the implementation of the software.
  The Trojan that I and others are currently working with was
only perceived as a potential problem after the person who
discovered it had spent months cursing the software manufacturer
for not including an obviously needed capability in the product.
  It was a very minor but frustrating problem, leading the user
to make inquiries as to how to "work around" the product's lack
of providing this function. Upon discovery that the product was
supposed to provide the function, his research quickly indicated
that there was a "fly in the ointment."
  Most users probably would have just shrugged and lived with the problem, since it was relatively minor. Instead, he brought
the small anomalie he discovered to the attention of myself and
others and it has opened up a Pandora's box that appears to
have the potential for a new breed of Trojan Horses.
  Actually, Igor, I'm beginning to wonder if perhaps you are the
hacker I've been trying to ferret out? I think I'll keep an eye
on you.
  The hacker I've been discussing has infiltrated a variety of
Pac Bell sites, and the like, over the years.
  A regional administrator, upon being informed of the presence
of an intruder on the system, immediately called in a team of
Bay Area security consultants to deal with the problem. By the
time they arrived the hacker had sent a small mountain of email
to various management personnel which contained precious company
secrets and had Pac Bell's competition listed as a cc: (in the
body of the message, as a warning).
  When the group from Berkeley arrived they consulted with the
admin about the potential seriousness of the veiled threat, did
a quick check of the system, realized who the hacker was that
they were dealing with, shrugged, and said, "He's on our system
too. We'd advise just leaving him alone."
  When the administrator questioned the wisdom of their suggestion
the consultants advised him that they would be more than happy to
proceed as long as the overuling of their opinion was put in writing. The admin agreed, whereupon he was presented with the
consultants' standard "reality check" authorization form, whose
letterhead reads:
AUTHORIZATION TO PROCEED CONTRARY TO    ADVISED COURSE OF PROCEDURE
"Last One Seen Fixing It Gets The Blame"
  The administrator decided in favor of job-security, and the security consultants were paid generously to provide a generic report for his superiors which indicated that the admin's prompt action resulted in the problem coming to a quick resolution.
  Personally, I've seen more than a few sysadmins who declare
war on a minor hacker instead of just fixing the problem so
that it won't occur again and moving on. (Much like some of the
hilarious posts in the cypherpunks archives in which a list
member responds to a Vulis post by saying, "Just ignore him
and he'll go away." and then proceed to take two or three
pot-shots at him.)

@_date: 1997-05-08 15:18:53
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Banking Secrecy and Nazi Gold 
When I caught this on the news I immediately shifted my attention
to viewing the announcement from the perspective of the people involved not really giving a rat's ass about the Jews.
  What was left of the announcement once the banner of "mom's apple
pie and freedom and justice for all" was removed was a shallow justification of a mugging technique I call "extortion by guilt."
 > The clamor to break banking secrecy and
  It's a muscle job designed to weaken the mark for the next level
of extortion. Today the Swiss are guilty of collusion in the holocaust and tomorrow they will be guilty of collusion with
drug dealers and pornographers. Only next time the Swiss will
fold their hand behind closed doors in order to save themselves
the global embarassment that has so sleazily been heaped on them.
{Somewhere deep in the bowels of D.C. there is someone working
late into the night in an attempt to link the holocaust to Headline: DEATH CAMP TATTOOS PROVEN TO BE EARLY FORM OF                    128 BIT ENCRYPTION
  What I find frightening is a sudden rise of obvious power plays
by government without bothering any longer with the formality
of engaging in a lengthy campaign to create a threat to the
citizens in the minds of the public.
  It's no wonder that the list conspiracy theorists have been
quiet as of late. Once the power mongers are kicking in your
door, then it's rather late to wonder if they are tapping
your phone as well.
  How long can it be before the government no longer feels
the need to inform us about the details of who they are
saving us from, and why?
  I am worried about falling asleep tonight. I fear that I will
go to sleep in my bed and wake up in a prison cell, with a
jackbooted guard informing me, "It's OK. You're safe now."

@_date: 1997-05-10 05:52:00
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Security flaw in key recovery -- you're looking at it 
[This is only a test.  If I had been in a bad mood, this message would
have contained the private key of the CEO of a major Entrust customer,
obtained from an Entrust trusted "key safe" server.  Who am I?  Can Entrust or its customer's officers finger me?]

@_date: 1997-05-10 08:21:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: How many of HOTMAIL's 3,000,000 users want SSL??? 
Please consider writing your corporacongressmyn and explaining to them
briefly, yet  your concern about packet sniffers.  Hotmail's
market is exploding and they just might need a way to distinguish
themselves from their competitor American Express (usa.net=netaddress.com)
during the next year, even while they continue living on the edge with
weak push/advertising revenue.  Send no money, but these people deserve
our support:
 comments at hotmail.com       "New features you would like to see or
                            general comments about Hotmail."
 support at hotmail.com        "Assistance with using Hotmail's features or
                            technical difficulties with your account."
Remember, it just takes A MINUTE to...
 "contact Hotmail by phone: 408.222.7000 -- 10:00 am to 6:00 pm Pacific Time"

@_date: 1997-05-10 12:42:31
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Security flaw in key recovery -- you're looking at it 
awww ... go ahead, show us!!!!
Otherwise, I just might not believe you.
[This is only a test.  If I had been in a bad mood, this message would
have contained the private key of the CEO of a major Entrust customer,
obtained from an Entrust trusted "key safe" server.  Who am I?  Can Entrust or its customer's officers finger me?]

@_date: 1997-05-10 13:33:37
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: New admin crypto policy 
It is time something unfortunate happened to all those leading the push for new crypto limits.

@_date: 1997-05-10 15:01:34
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: New admin crypto policy 
The story so far:
  Mr. Nobody sends a message to the cypherpunks list via an
anonymous remailer suggesting that someone ought to fuck with
Cyberpromo. Cyberpromo gets fucked with shortly thereafter.
  Mr. Nobody sends a message to the cypherpunks list suggesting
that it's time for something unfortunate to happen to those
leading the push for new crypto limits.
  Perhaps someone should start a betting pool to guess whether
the spooks are taking aim at the remailers or if they are setting
up a particular cypherpunk, instead.
  We could start a betting pool to guess who will shortly have
something "unfortunate" happen to them, but that might get the
winner in a lot of trouble.

@_date: 1997-05-10 19:01:29
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [STEGO] Certified primes 
Timothy Maya is just a poor excuse for an unschooled, retarded thug.
         ____
         \ _/__ Timothy Maya
          \\  /
            \/

@_date: 1997-05-12 12:47:09
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: War & InfoWar 
Below, from the cypherpunks archives:
  Planning the bombing of the Oklahoma City Federal Building has long
been as standard an exercise for paramilitarists as typing "The quick
brown fox..." has been for typists. The trial mentioned above is not
the only one in which the targeting of the OKC Federal Building was involved as a goal of paramilitary objectives.
  To think that federal security personnel in Oklahoma City were unaware of this is ludicrous. The fact that they allowed a daycare
to be placed there (or perhaps initiated the action) is as criminal an act as the bombing itself.
  Naturally, there will be no trial or investigation of government
criminality in this regard, but only of the actions of anti-government
  Freedom and liberty in the world is not in the hands of the citizens,
but in the hands of those who are concerned about it. (The same as
high-fashion or many other mental constructs.)
  There may not be an overt war taking place between the average
citizen and the government, but there is one taking place between the
government and those who oppose the draconian limitations being placed
on their freedom and liberty under the guise of "rule of law."
Dr. Roberts

@_date: 1997-05-13 05:01:50
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Applauding Violence (was: Re: Wine Politics Again! (fwd)) 
If they don't know shit from shinola, then let them base their beliefs
on any mistaken notion they wish.
  Every cypherpunk who wants to edit their posts out of fear that some
dweeb will mistake them for the God of Cypherpunks raise your hand.
  (Looks like you're the only one, Peter.)
  It certainly did for Rodney King.
  Precisely. The level of minimum action needed to change the status
quo is increasing by leaps and bounds.
  If the average citizen was not complacently allowing the government
to run ramshod over the rights and freedoms of the citizens, then the
individuals who choose to battle this oppression would not have to
take such drastic action in retaliation.
  Everyone has their own threshold of pain which they can endure
before they feel compelled to take steps to counteract the actions
of the source of that pain.
  For some that threshold is a slap, for some a punch, and for some
it is a beating. Those who cause pain to others will suffer the
consequences of their actions. This applies to the people who are
lowest on the totem pole in the oppression of the citizens just as much as it applies to Timothy McVeigh.
  I didn't notice any great cries of outrage when the U.S. attack
on Saddam Hussein resulted in the death of innocents. It seems that
some lives are deemed more expendable than the lives of others.
  When U.S. forces slaughtered retreating Iraqui troops a great
cheer of victory sounded throughout the nation. Had the opposite
scenario been the case, the nation would have been calling for the
heads of the Iraquis for their callousness.
  If those who participate in the unjust persecution of a plethora
of the nation's citizens become so comfortable with their ability
to remain insulated from the consequences of their actions that they
feel free to place their children at the scene of the crime, then they face the same responsibility as someone who takes their child
along on an armed robbery.
  The terrorism was not instituted by the citizens against their
government, but the other way around.
TruthMonger

@_date: 1997-05-13 05:23:20
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Mondex 
I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to
Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-05-13 06:17:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Digital signatures 
Timmy May's family tree goes straight up. All of his ancestors were siblings, to dumb to recognize each other in the dark.
        _  o
<)_/# Timmy May
       TT  <T

@_date: 1997-05-13 06:33:01
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: CAK/GAK center, "first and only U.S. Govnt. approved" 
Just how many "authorized personnel" are there, and who all is paying
them to do what?

@_date: 1997-05-13 09:01:31
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: PGP 
Given Timmy C[retin] May's propensity to molest little children, is it any surprise that the state of California wants to have him castrated?
       ,,,
      (o-o)
  -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Timmy C[retin] May

@_date: 1997-05-13 12:03:42
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: VideoWorld Justice 
"The video camera has evolved from passive observer to active
participant" (in the war on crime).
  Golly gee, government wants to use video cameras to monitor citizens
everywhere, all the time, and now we have a primetime TV show dedicated
to convincing the citizens that the surveillance camera is their best
friend. What a coincidence!
  With a dozen TV shows already championing law enforcement personnel
with neatly pressed uniforms saving the citizens from bad guys wearing
T-shirts, its refreshing to see fresh propaganda which informs us that
surveillance technology is our new best friend.
  It was so enlightening to hear criminologists and prosecutors praise
the emotional charge generated by seeing perpetrators "laugh" as they
"terrorized" people by shooting them with paintball guns resulting in
their receiving four years in prison instead of the one year that the
prosecutor expected.
  ( 4 perps x 4 years x $65,000/year = > $ 1,000,000.00 of taxpayer
money spent to incarcerate people who splatter someone with paint and
laugh about it. If Tim May owns a paintball gun, then I guess that he
can add to his list of potential felonies.)
  We also learn that surveillance cameras are "Invaluable weapons of enforcement in government stings" and that "The evidence they provide is incontestable."
  It sounds like we will no longer need judges and juries once the
citizens are fully monitored.
  We are told that John Law is protected from claims of entrapment
by the irrefutable evidence provided by their video taping of the
government sting. Naturally, we only see a selective two minute
tape of the entire operation. No video/sound recording of the setup
of the victim/criminal is shown.
  There was no video shown of police brutality (ala Rodney King) and
no questioning of why the technology is only geared toward showing
what goes on in front of the camera, leaving the citizen unprotected
once the officer takes him or her out its visual range.
  (Of course, any deviation from the "Sainthood of Authority" script
would result in the show's producers losing access to the cheap source
of their video propaganda.)
  Where is the legislation being put forth to require law enforcement
personnel under video surveillance to prevent them from engaging in
crimes against the citizens? Harassing them, beating them, becoming the source of crack flowing into their neighborhoods, spending hours
and days manipulating them into a two-minute video scene which is staged to provide "incontestable evidence" of their guilt.
  Video cameras are commonplace to watch the citizens in banks in
case someone tries to "steal" a few hundred or a few thousand
dollars. Where are the video cameras that watch the bankers in
order to provide evidence of their possible criminal actions?
  Video surveillance technology is the same old story. Provide a few
emotionally charged scenes to scare the citizens, offer them a form
of "protection" and then institute the technology in a one-way
vector which points only at those on the bottom of the food chain.
  Same technological shit, different day.

@_date: 1997-05-14 01:26:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A. 
94% AN : 6% Fuel Oil (hence the abbr. ANFO) - more brisant than TNT, good
stability and sensitivity, cheap and easy to manufacture almost anywhere
worldwide in large quantities.  Thanks for playing - go get yourself
another encyclopedia.
BTW, have a friend post your obit. when you've blown your head off, fuck-up.

@_date: 1997-05-14 01:50:43
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [STEGO] Secure envelopes 
Tim C[ocksucker] May carries a turd in his wallet for identification purposes.
    _ at _
   /   \
 o o |
-U|--U--|U-- Tim C[ocksucker] May

@_date: 1997-05-14 05:29:38
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Digital signatures 
I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to
Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-05-14 12:16:48
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Real Terrorism 
But if we did that, then Congress would probably pass
a law for our protection...

@_date: 1997-05-14 12:21:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: whine politics again 
No BATF agents died in the Oklahoma City bombing. Seems they all had
the day off, so they didn't need shielding. (They didn't have the
to suggest that the daycare take the day off, as well.)

@_date: 1997-05-14 12:35:30
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [STEGO] Secure envelopes 
Someone too gutless to use their real name and full address in   It seems that The Spectre finds much on this list to be worthless,
including the value of anonymity. (Except in his or her own case,
  All of The Spectre's comments seem to be reruns of old posts
which were followed by calls for list censorship. Personally, I
prefer the ASCII art.

@_date: 1997-05-14 15:06:55
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Kent's government spin... 
Kent Crispin, assuming that others on the list are not capable
  The punishment for high crimes against the Constitution is execution, which differs from assassination.
  It seems to me that those most worried about government criminals
being punished for their crimes are those participating in those
activities while trying to justify or downplay them.
  Kent, why don't you start a thread explaining how important it
is for government to feel free to imprison grandmothers for
plugging other people's parking meters without fearing retribution
from those who don't wish for their government to place them in a
cage like an animal for plugging parking meters?   (You could start by explaining that we need to protect our prison-
based economny, in the interests of a strong GNP.)
  I think this would be a good project to display to everyone the
type of mentality that you represent.

@_date: 1997-05-14 16:31:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A. 
Didn't her boss's murderer walk on the charge by using the defence
that he ate too many Twinkies?
  No political intrigue here...

@_date: 1997-05-14 20:04:14
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Quadratic residues 
Tim May's mother attempted to pro-choice the unwanted little bastard by fishing with a coat hanger in her giant cunt, but failed miserably to pull the rabbit and succeeded only in scraping out the contents of little Timmy's fetal cranium (not much to begin with).
       (_) _____ (_)
          /O   O\   Tim May
         !   I   !
         ! \___/ !
          \_____/

@_date: 1997-05-15 02:44:31
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Videocrypt/Videocrypt2 any cryptanalytic results? 
Has any progress been made in cryptanalysing the algorithms used in the european Videocrypt and Videocrypt2 standards used to encrypt satellite Particularly, is there any information I can obtain about the protocols, the data communicated between the decoder and card, and the algorithm itself.
I am looking at the possibility of a new version of the "season" card simulator software created some time ago, which is now obselete, which used to be used against videocrypt broadcasts...

@_date: 1997-05-15 03:19:23
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Public Key Break Paper 
Whenever I see the dying embers of the spam debate being blown
to life (along with similar non-issues), I wonder what the disinfo
artists are trying to distract me from.
  I don't have to wonder too hard, however, since I can always count on the usual suspects to step forward and pooh-paah whatever
they don't want anyone to look at too closely.
  Anything Phill casts aspersions on has to be worth checking out:

@_date: 1997-05-15 15:07:56
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Civil Disobediance 
"All that matters is how we die: shall we offer our bodies helplessly,
like cattle, to the knife, or, refusing passively to await the end
shall we turn the strength of our anger to one last battle, til,
daring and doing, we fall, drenched with their blood, amongst the
heaped bodies and weapons of our dying enemies?"  -- Livy Book XXV
We've seen many sentiments like this one on the list lately.  Such
sentiments are understandable and have a certain visceral appeal.  And
it is good that people who are thinking along these lines are also
telling their friends on the list instead of censoring themselves.
But, these strategies are not the best we can choose to achieve our
true goals.  Few of us wish to be martyrs.
The years long discussion of "crypto policy" has had the unfortunate
and intended effect that it has caused us to become accustomed to
restrictions on sharing ideas.  That doesn't mean we like it, but it
does mean that we consider the control of mathematical ideas to be
expected and somewhat inevitable.  (The same mechanisms we use to
train animals are at work here.)
Many of us have, perhaps, lost our youthful rage at the complete
absurdity of a law which makes it highly illegal to invent some math,
express it in code, and distribute it for free to the world.
Perhaps there is a way to turn the training on the trainers?  Civil
disobediance is the best way to do this.  Were a relatively small
number of people, a thousand for instance, to post the "RSA in 3
lines" code to the world, it would be highly unlikely that anybody at
all would be prosecuted, particularly if a sizeable number of these
people were professors, graduate students, professionals at well known
companies, journalists, politicians?, or otherwise prominent people.
The whole situation would be so absurd they would never dare take it
to court.
If no response results from the first release of code, more people
will feel comfortable jumping in when it becomes clear that they have
a chance to change the world.  The longer somebody waits, the less
opportunity they have to tell their grandkids "I was the 500th person
to publically export RSA back in the late 20th century.  The
government was actually trying to make math illegal!"  Best of all,
anybody "fortunate" enough to be a U.S. citizen can participate, even
if they don't write code themselves.
Having established beyond any doubt that the export of RSA was
possible without repercussions, the lesson will be driven home by
group releases of successively longer mathematical works expressed in
source code.  The first release will be the most challenging.  In no
time at all everybody - including everybody in the government - will
find themselves accustomed to the idea that laws against mathematics
are absurd.  (Even Senators will be able to grasp this unchallenging
It is not hard for the government and the newspapers to discredit
militia type activities involving large weapons collections and
chemistry experiments.  But, no matter how much spin is put on it, it
is extremely hard to persuade the public that sending a few lines of
source code is terrorism, especially when they can download it off the
web and see for themselves that it is just, well, source code, and
maybe export it themselves.
The way to get started is for people to pledge to post "RSA in 3
lines" if certain conditions are met.  For instance, "I will post 'RSA
in 3 lines' if 500 people promise to do it as well, among them being
Michel Foucault, Jacob Bernoulli, and Blaise Pascal."  No risk need be
taken without allies!
Dr. Roberts

@_date: 1997-05-15 15:11:45
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Sweeps Week in Portland 
News from the Beirut of the West:
The FBI, in cooperation with the Portland police and the TV show "Cops" is ending a six month survelence project of downtown Portland.  Tonight, armed with large books containing pictures of suspects, they have congregated in the center of town arresting all of those caught in their video web.  Over the last 6-8 hours they have been arresting hundreds of suspects in the downtown area.
The arrests are a "show of force" in the downtown area.  The police used to watch over the people.  Now they are watching the people.
Expect to see similar activity in the town where you live.
"Be seeing you!"
DonutMonger

@_date: 1997-05-15 15:16:02
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Sweeps Week in Portland 
News from the Beirut of the West:
The FBI, in cooperation with the Portland police and the TV show "Cops" is ending a six month survelence project of downtown Portland.  Tonight, armed with large books containing pictures of suspects, they have congregated in the center of town arresting all of those caught in their video web.  Over the last 6-8 hours they have been arresting hundreds of suspects in the downtown area.
The arrests are a "show of force" in the downtown area.  The police used to watch over the people.  Now they are watching the people.
Expect to see similar activity in the town where you live.
"Be seeing you!"
DonutMonger

@_date: 1997-05-15 22:02:50
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: (rumor) US TV host canned over comments 
Can anyone confirm for me that a US talk show host was canned for airing
her thoughts on the aid package for Iran's earthquake victims?  I heard
"Only bad people and terrorists live there.  If I had my way I'd drop an
atomic bomb on Tehran."  Anyone?

@_date: 1997-05-16 12:33:52
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Just Say "No" to Congress 
I think you just showed the answer to the question is "Yes."
  Politicians build a house of mirrors with bills that they
"introduce"--agencies that they "propose" be funded--causes
that they "support."
  I'm not interested in a reporter quoting "the record" to me.
I can get that from Feinstein's glossy handouts. I want to know
what a politician has *done* for me (or against me), not how much she purports to *love* me.
  I enjoy many of your articles, Declan, but please--no more
"Senator XYZ introduced a bill that supports mom's apple pie
and the flag." tripe.

@_date: 1997-05-16 13:02:48
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Kansas City. 
A new scheme to broadcast the names and faces of people arrested
for trying to buy and sell sex could mushroom into a full-fledged
challenge to U.S. constitutional law.
  Starting Thursday, a local government access cable television channel
will broadcast the names and faces of people arrested for
prostitution-related crimes. The first half-hour installment will feature
mugshots of alleged purveyors of sex and the customers who offered to pay
for it.
  Supporters of the plan hope that such public humiliation will help
efforts to crack down on prostitution. But opponents say it violates the
principle of ``innocent until proven guilty,'' a key tenet of U.S.
criminal law.
  ``The city is setting out to punish with ridicule people who have not
been convicted of anything,'' said Dick Kurtenbach, executive director of
the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Kansas and western Missouri.
``The presumption of innocence is really turned on its head with this
  Both supporters and opponents say that although U.S. media groups
regularly publish the names of people arrested and charged with crimes,
this may be the first time a government entity broadcasts the identities
of alleged wrongdoers.
  ``As far as we can tell, this is the first jurisdiction that's putting
on TV names of people arrested. This is a fairly novel approach,''
Kurtenbach said.
  The plan was the brainchild of City Councilwoman Teresa Loar, who said
she hopes it will deter prostitution and the social ills -- drug use,
assault and robbery -- that commonly accompany it.
  ``I'm not here to persecute people. I just want them to know that they
run the risk of having their picture on the access channel if they try to
hire a prostitute,'' Loar said.
  Loar said she is aware of ACLU's criticisms, but she counters by saying
that arrests are a matter of public record. She noted that a disclaimer
will say that those people pictured are innocent until found guilty in a
court of law.   When asked why the city does not air the names of people actually
convicted of prostitution, Loar explained that few arrests in prostitution
sting operations actually lead to convictions.   ``Showing convictions wouldn't work -- because we don't get any. They
(the accused prostitutes and would-be customers) plead their way down and
pay a fine,'' Loar said.   Loar said she understands the idea of constitutional rights but feels
her constituents' rights are more pressing.
  ``As far as victims' rights go, my concern is my constituents' rights to
quality of life. Their rights are being violated every day with this
crime,'' Loar said.
  Constitutional law experts acknowledged that those people whose names
and faces wind up on television could sue the city but would probably lose
any claims alleging defamation or invasion of privacy.   But Doug Linder, law professor at University of Missouri-Kansas City,
said it may be possible to claim that the broadcast constitutes a form of
punishment, which legally has to be meted out through due process of law.
Plaintiffs could sue on the grounds that they were not given due process
to defend themselves, Linder said.
  ``One could argue that it is a form of punishment if the police
department or the city is providing their pictures,'' Linder said. ``These
people should have the opportunity to prove their innocence. I think there
might be a real constitutional claim there.''

@_date: 1997-05-16 13:59:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Spam IS Free Speech 
Pardon me.
  Gander. Humongous fucking goose.
  All's fair in love and Penis War.
  Your argument seems to center around the theme that those who dick
everyone a little have no right to expect to be repaid in lump (pardon
the pun) sum.
  You neglect to point out that those who use technology to send spam
to millions of random addresses go to great pains to prevent those who
receive their crapola from replying to the source of the spam.
  The fact is, anyone who chooses to return their crap in kind has my
personal proxy to send them my share, as well. I am certain that if you
take a poll on this you will find a few million others who will also
give them this proxy.
Penis Warrior

@_date: 1997-05-16 14:06:49
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Response to "SAFE bill and cutting crypto-deals" 
Precedent concerns citing the fact that the citizens are already getting fucked with a 2" Green Dildo, so therefore there is a precedent for them to get fucked with 2" Blue Dildos.
  I've never seen a 2" Government Dildo that didn't grow in an
expoential manner every time a Congressperson farted.
  I'll rush right out and inform Che Guava and the Posse Comatose.
  When Dr. Roberts is done helping Kent get the stick out of his
butt, perhaps he can do something about your cataracts.
Del Do

@_date: 1997-05-16 17:38:16
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: TEXTO - Text steganography 
Texto is a rudimentary text steganography program which transforms
uuencoded or pgp ascii-armoured ascii data into English sentences.
   Texto text files look like something between mad libs and bad poetry,
(although they do sometimes contain deep cosmic truths) and should be
enough to normal english to get past simple-minded mail scanners and to
entertain readers of talk.bizarre.
  Perhaphs this explains why, when I tried it, it signed Paul Bradley's
name to the output.
_Mr._ Nobody to _you_, pal.

@_date: 1997-05-17 02:25:55
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: New Canadian Techno Law 
Late last year, Allan Rock, minister of justice, introduced a bill
containing nearly 150 proposed
amendments to the Criminal Code and related statutes. Highlights of Bill
C-17 include several
changes to address computer crime, credit card forgery and fraud and
fraudulently obtaining
services. The RCMP, supported strongly by the Canadian Bankers
Association and the Canadian
issuers of Visa and MasterCard, had previously urged a number of changes
to offences dealing with
credit card fraud and computer-assisted crimes. Bill C-17 is presently before Parliament and is in the second reading
stage. The following legislative
proposals will be of interest to law enforcement agencies and to our
private and public sector
partners engaged in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of
technological crime:
     Expanding section 183 of the Criminal Code to include new offences
for which an
     authorization to intercept private communication could be granted.
The new offences
     would include, inter alia, section 327, section 342, section 342.1,
section 342.2, and
     section 430 of the Criminal Code.      Amending section 342 to make possession, use, or trafficking of
forged credit cards
     an offence.      Amending section 342 to make the misuse of credit card data an
offence.      Amending section 342 to make it an offence to make, buy or sell,
export or import,
     or possess equipment intended for use in forging credit cards.      Amending section 342.1 to make it an offence to use, possess, or
traffick in
     computer passwords that would enable another person to fraudulently
obtain a
     computer service.      Creating section 342.2 to make it an offence to make, possess,
sell, offer for sale, or
     distribute any instrument or device that is intended to be used to
fraudulently obtain
     a computer service.      Amending section 487 to impose a duty on the person in possession
or control of a
     computer system to provide data in the form of a print-out or other
intelligible output
     when a lawful search of such a facility is being conducted.
Technological Crime Section is optimistic that the proposed amendments,
once passed into law, will
significantly aid its efforts in dealing with this rapidly emerging and
sometimes very troublesome
genre of crimes.
 For further information and updates on the progress of this bill,
readers are encouraged to
       consult the Department of Justice Homepage at:

@_date: 1997-05-17 14:56:46
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Lucky's explaination... 
If you had read the header of the message, then you would have seen
the explaination.

@_date: 1997-05-17 14:57:41
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Inducement of Rapid Oxidation of Certain Materials.... 
You have to keep in mind that these deaths were all necessary in order to curtail drug dealing and pornography. (Although it
gave rise to a sharp increase in necrophilia.)
  I read a passage of a book long ago in which a historian recounted
a number of different fallen dictators known for bloody purges who
reminesced that if they had controlled their moments of "softness"
(translate~~killed more of the right people) that they would still
be in power.
  I wonder if Hitler's final words were, "Well, they won't have
Adolf Hitler to kick around, anymore."

@_date: 1997-05-18 09:07:49
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: A wee bit of Civil Disobedience 
Want to add a bit of mass civil disobedience to the Crypto movement?
Get alt.binaries.crypto created as a usenet news group.
Why has this not happened already?  This will make an even bigger mockery of the ITARs, the EARs, and the other silly regs throughout the world.
[BTW, for those of you who oppose "Careerpunks", consider this...  How can you throw your crypto-sabots if you cannot get close to the machinary of industry?]
Jarvis Pym
Mad Chemist of Kaos

@_date: 1997-05-18 09:28:26
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
Tim Mayflower's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain damage.
        \|||/
        (o o)
    -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Tim Mayflower

@_date: 1997-05-19 06:51:52
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Nature of Anarchy/ Anarchy of Nature 
Sunday, May 18, 1997 - 20:46:37 MET
Our form of gov't is based on the Judeo-Christian rooted belief in unalienable rights. (though the concepts has been around long befor judaism) These are rights endowed upon us by the life force, they are inherent in our  creation and are subject only to the laws of the universe not by any king, or human leader, and so they cannot be taken away by or infringed on by any human leader or groups.
The whole of the physical universe is bound by laws we do not make but can only seek to understand. Tuning in and acting in harmony with the laws of the universe furthers us in our development( ie agriculture).  Exploiting the laws greedily leads to our destruction.(ie thoughtless industrialization). Furthering nature/the life force is good, opposing nature, seeking to conquer and exploit it, is  bad from our human perspective.
The constitution and bill of rights was the original AP document with a series of checks and balance designed to keep  ultimate power, the right to speak out, organise, gather together, rise up and bear arms, in the hands of the people so no one group could impose the tyranny of their beliefs and the masses. I believe it is human nature to cast off the bonds of oppression. This is the assertion of the life force that always seeks to sustain and perpetuate itself in the
greatest possible array of diversity.
I believe this was a major quantum leap in the history of  human thought and concioussness. A giant step in the right direction of our true divinity but it was sorely flawed; By the concept of property rights. This is where the founding fathers eogos got in the way. The liberation movements of the last century have been based on the same concept of unalienable rights and have attempted to fine tune the document for  a more equitable distribution of planet power to correct the flaw.
You don't need a weatherman or a clinton to know which way the wind
blows. You don't need to be literate to know who is taking what from
whom. You don't need a judge to tell you right from wrong. you have instincts that can tell you just fine. Religion in the earliest sense was the bringing together of the group in an understanding of their commonanlity and uniqueness in a way that  stirred up ones feelings of awe for the power of the universe in order that we would discover our commonality while at the same time instilling a repect for each of our uniqness. So we could be inspired to submit to our inner and outer natures and act in harmony with it and show benevolence in our relations with each other. This is the ultimate anarchist, a ninja warrior of natures rainbow, who fights to defend the unalienable rights endowed on all by life force.
I believe that most of the folks on this list aspire to a form of self govt. A belief and trust in the anarchy of nature tempered with the benevloence brought about by the recognition of our common humanity. A state of affairs where each is a ninja/captain of their own soul.  Who recognize the inhernet rights of all and act accordingly without coercion or direction from an outside source, for the laws of the universe are within us. Who respect the rights of the individual and can let them that would destroy themselves destroy, themselves and them that would live to live. To live and let live and live and let die.
I believe the network is the link to the next level of evolution of human thought and self gov't. A new religion where we can rediscover our common humanity and regroup as a planet, as the one human tribe.  A way to explore our comon roots and learn and develop appreciation and respect for our differences. Where in spite of all efforts to propagandize and spread hate our commanality will emerge. Where all voices can be heard and equitable solutions worked out. Not by "sheeple" but by people allowing their primal natural instincts to govern their actions to be it to  shun, support or defend or defeat someone or We are retaking repsonsibility for our selves and our fellow humans. Again, you don't need a Weatherman or an FBI man to know which way the wind blows. Look outside your window then look inside your window. Rainbow Warrior

@_date: 1997-05-20 03:52:07
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Message 
I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back
to him.                                                          Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-05-21 05:08:35
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: OTP 
Reply-To: Graham-John Bullers I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to
Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-05-21 08:02:57
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Poison Pill Defense 
I hear from anonymous correspondents that the following
technique has been successfully deployed among some militia
members and cypherpunks who fear raids on their private
property.  Apparently the technique was originally invented
by a biotech lab that the FDA was planning to shut down in an
uncivil manner when Kessler first came to power.  The
lab was never raided.
Preliminary: choose a suitable viral agent.  This may range
from a short, severe flu to Eubola, depending on the level
of deterrence desired and safety precautions you have available.
Long-latency debilitating diseases have also been suggested
as an especially effective deterrent that puts the property
owner at less risk of detection.  The property owner must obtain both the agent and an effective vaccine.
Step one: immunize household members against this agent.
Step two: create "tamper avenging" packages around the
house.  Make them very suspicious looking (gun lockers, boxes labeled "Danger: Toxic Materials", file folders
labeled "Assassination Schedule for December", and so on).  Don't put them where guests, pets, and so on can get to them, but in places where the thugs will look.
Step two (detail): the tamper avenging package contains an invisible film of the viral agent in fluid adsorbed to a suitable
carrier.  The carrier is a clear, thin film of sponge-like material that produces a fine aerosol of virus containing fluid drops when
disturbed.  When the package is opened and disturbed, the
aerosol quickly shoots and and spreads throughout several
surrounding cubic meters.  Persons unprotected by immunization
or breathing masks are contaminated with high probability.
I've heard unconfirmed rumors of a special sponge material
that lasts for days, infecting a variety of government personnel
and contractors who come in contact with the evidence, and
in some cases, depending on the particular vector,
people they in turn come in intimate contact with. Obviously I have not provided enough useful information
in this post to propery implement this technique.  Don't
try this at home without the help of paid professionals
(who I hear are making a killing now with the recent
spate of raids against militias, patriot groups, cypherpunks,
and so on).
Give me Liberty or Give me Death;
Johnny Appleseed

@_date: 1997-05-22 05:35:35
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Ecash API 
X-Authentication-Warning: blacklodge.c2.net: majordom set sender to
owner-dev-lucre at c2.org using -f
X-Sender: jeremey at descartes.bluemoney.com
Sender: owner-dev-lucre at c2.net
Precedence: bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Given the absence of an API from Digicash, we need a high level API so
make the task of integrating ecash into products really easy. So here's
my stab. This is the current header from my ecash library, which is a wrapper
for -lucre. -lucre is great, but it's pretty low-level, hence the wrapper.
The documentation in here is pretty incomplete, with just basic descriptions
of what functions do what. At some point it will be improved. I welcome
comments, suggestions, questions, and feature requests.
Currently, this lib handles socket transactions only, but ascii-armor
support will be added. This library will be available in some form or another
in the future, at the moment I'm just looking for feedback.
 *      The VeriWeb Internet Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.
 *
 *   Please view the full copyright at the bottom of this file.
 *
 *    ecash.h $Revision: 1.2 $ (VeriWeb) $Date: 1997/05/21 01:48:50 $
 */
 *
 * ecash.h
 *
 * Written by: Jeremey Barrett
 *
 * $Revision: 1.2 $
 */
 _ECASH_H_
 _ECASH_H_
                            /* utility header */
                           /* -lucre header */
 * Types
 */
typedef struct _ECSocket ECSocket;
typedef struct _ECPayment ECPayment;
typedef struct _ECPocket ECPocket;
typedef struct _ECConfig ECConfig;
typedef struct _ECError ECError;
 * Errors
 */
 ECError_NONE                   0
 ECError_INVALID                -1
 ECError_ECSYS                  -2
 ECError_SYS                    -3
 ECError_TCP                    -4
 ECError_READ                   -5
 ECError_WRITE                  -6
 ECError_BIGNUM                 -7
 ECError_MSGNEW                 -8
 ECError_WALLETCREATE           -9
 ECError_NOMEM                  -10
 ECError_POCKETOPEN             -11
 ECError_POCKETPASSWD           -12
 ECError_NOBANKACCOUNT          -13
 ECError_WITHDRAWAMOUNTLOW      -14
 ECError_DEPOSITPAYMENT         -15
 ECError_DEPOSITALLPAYMENTS     -16
 ECError_DEPOSITRECDB           -17
 ECError_DEPOSITREJECTED        -18
 ECError_WALLETSTATUS           -19
 ECError_DEPOSIT                -20
 ECError_WITHDRAW               -21
 ECError_NOPOCKETPASSWD         -22
 ECError_ECMSGINVALID           -23
 ECError_SENDMSGCALLBACK        -24
 ECError_MAGIC                  -25
 ECError_APPENDMSG              -26
 ECError_PAYMENTACCEPT          -27
 ECError_PAYMENTACCEPTBADAMOUNT -28
 ECError_PAYMENTREJECTED        -29
 ECError_PAYMENTMAKE            -30
 ECError_PAYREQRECEIVE          -31
 ECError_PAYREQCURRENCYUNKNOWN  -32
 ECError_PAYMENTREQUEST         -33
 ECError_PAYMENTACK             -34
 ECError_PAYDB                  -35
 ECError_NOPAYMENTS             -36
 ECError_WALLETCOINS            -37
 ECError_EXCHANGECOINS          -38
 ECError_EXCHANGEREJECTED       -39
 ECError_NOTENOUGHCASH          -40
 ECNoError ((ECError *)NULL)
 * ECPocket APIs
 *
 * Very preliminary documentation (will get enhanced later, I'm just
 * documenting the less obvious here.
 *
 * EC_Pocket_open() - Open an existing pocket, with location and
 *                    passphrase set in the ECConfig *.
 *
 * EC_Pocket_openAccount() - Create a new pocket with the attributes
 *                           in the ECConfig *. This does _not_ open
 *                           the pocket. This is for pockets which
 *                           have mint accounts only.
 *
 * EC_Pocket_openNoAccount() - Create a new pocket with the attributes
 *                             in the ECConfig *. This does _not_ open
 *                             the pocket. This creates an accountless
 *                             pocket, so the mintAddr and mintPort of
 *                             the ECConfig * should point to the
 *                             moneychanger. Note that mintID is still
 *                             required. This will open a connection
 *                             to the moneychanger and retrieve currency
 *                             keys for the mint.
 *
 * EC_Pocket_withdraw() - Withdraw from a mint account.
 *
 * EC_Pocket_withdrawProtoCoins() - Complete and withdraw the coins in
 *                                  the EC_M_Withdraw3 (a -lucre struct).
 *                                  amt is the value of the coins being
 *                                  withdrawn.
 *
 * EC_Pocket_deposit() - Deposit amount into mint account
 *
 * EC_Pocket_depositWithdraw() - Deposit coins and immediately withdraw
 *                               the same amount. This allows for exchanges
 *                               of coins and altering the stored  *                               denominations. Call this when you don't have
 *                               the right coins on hand for a payment.
 *
 * EC_Pocket_exchangeCoins() - Exchange coins (via moneychanger), same as
 *                             above but w/o mint.
 *
 * EC_Pocket_getCoinInfo() - Returns information about the denominations
 *                           available for a given amount. max_avail is the
 *                           largest amount the pocket can make less than the
 *                           amount specified. min_dep is the smallest amount  *                           to exchange which will guarantee the ability to  *                           make amount, provided min_dep is withdrawn in  *                           base units (i.e. 1 cent).
 *
 */
ECPocket *EC_Pocket_create( void );
ECPocket *EC_Pocket_copy( ECPocket *this );
ECError *EC_Pocket_destroy( ECPocket *this );
ECError *EC_Pocket_open( ECPocket *this,           ECConfig *conf );
ECError *EC_Pocket_openAccount( ECConfig *conf );
ECError *EC_Pocket_openNoAccount( ECConfig *conf );
ECError *EC_Pocket_withdraw( ECPocket *this,               Int32 amount,               Int32 minPayments );
ECError *EC_Pocket_withdrawProtoCoins( ECPocket *this,                    ECSocket *sock,                    EC_M_Withdraw3 wd3,                    Int32 amt );
ECError *EC_Pocket_deposit( ECPocket *this,              Int32 amount );
ECError *EC_Pocket_depositWithdraw( ECPocket *this,                 Int32 amount,                 Int32 payments );
ECError *EC_Pocket_exchangeCoins( ECPocket *this,               Int32 amount,               Int32 payments,
              char *host,               char *port );
ECError *EC_Pocket_getMintID( ECPocket *this,                UInt32 *id );
ECError *EC_Pocket_getCurrency( ECPocket *this,             UInt32 *cur );
ECError *EC_Pocket_getAccountName( ECPocket *this,                char **name );
ECError *EC_Pocket_getCash( ECPocket *this,              UInt32 *cash );
ECError *EC_Pocket_getBalance( ECPocket *this,                 UInt32 *bal );
ECError *EC_Pocket_getCashStr( ECPocket *this,                 char **cash_str );
ECError *EC_Pocket_getBalanceStr( ECPocket *this,               char **bal_str );
ECError *EC_Pocket_getCoinInfo( ECPocket *this,             UInt32 amount,             UInt32 *max_avail,
            UInt32 *min_dep );
Int32 EC_Pocket_isAccountless( ECPocket *this );
 * ECSocket APIs
 *
 *
 * Simple set of socket APIs. These functions manage the ecash TCP
 * protocol for you. Documentation later.
 *
 * EC_Socket_setCallbacks() - Sets send and receive callbacks for
 *                            sending ecash messages. These will be
 *                            called _after_ the message is encoded  *                            with the ecash TCP header.
 */
ECSocket *EC_Socket_create( UInt32 type );
ECError *EC_Socket_setCallbacks( ECSocket *this,               UInt32 (*sendcallback)( void *cbInfo,
                      UChar *msg,                       UInt32 len ),
             UInt32 (*recvCallback)( void *cbInfo,
                      UChar **msg,
                      UInt32 *len),
             void *cbInfo );
ECSocket *EC_Socket_createFromFd( char *haddr, char *hport, Int32 fd );
ECError *EC_Socket_open( ECSocket *this, char *haddr, char *hport );
ECError *EC_Socket_accept( ECSocket *this, ECSocket *new );
ECError *EC_Socket_listen( ECSocket *this, char *hport );
ECError *EC_Socket_sendMsg( ECSocket *this, EC_M_Msg msg );
ECError *EC_Socket_recvMsg( ECSocket *this, EC_M_Msg msg );
TCPSocket *EC_Socket_getTCPSocket( ECSocket *this );
 * ECConfig APIs
 */
ECConfig *EC_Config_create( void );
ECConfig *EC_Config_copy( ECConfig *this );
ECError *EC_Config_destroy( ECConfig *this );
ECError *EC_Config_setAccountName( ECConfig *this, char *name );
ECError *EC_Config_setAccountPassword( ECConfig *this, char *passwd );
ECError *EC_Config_setPocketPassword( ECConfig *this, char *passwd );
ECError *EC_Config_setPocketDir( ECConfig *this, char *path );
ECError *EC_Config_setMintID( ECConfig *this, UInt32 mintID );
ECError *EC_Config_setMintAddr( ECConfig *this, char *host );
ECError *EC_Config_setMintPort( ECConfig *this, char *port );
 * ECPayment APIs
 *
 * The important functions here are accept(), make(), request(), and
 * variants. Note that this is all socket based, there will be ascii
 * armor variants soon, but not now.
 *
 * EC_Payment_accept() - accept an online payment. The this pointer
 *                       points to an ECPayment with the expected
 *                       amount set. This amount is checked and an
 *                       error will be returned if the incoming payment
 *                       does not agree. The ECSocket * is an already
 *                       open socket to the payer. This function will
 *                       automatically handle accountless pockets, so
 *                       explicitly calling the NoAccount variant is
 *                       not necessary.
 *
 * EC_Payment_accept1() - same as above, but the payment is _not_ acked
 *                        to the payer.
 *
 * EC_Payment_acceptNoAccount() - same as accept() but for accountless
 *                                pockets. Gets called by accept() if
 *                                the pocket is accountless.
 *
 * EC_Payment_acceptNoAccount1() - same as above, but the payment is _not_
 *                                 acked to the payer.
 *
 * EC_Payment_handle() - Unconditionally accept a -lucre EC_M_Payment. This
 *                       will _not_ check amounts. It will handle NoAccount
 *                       automatically.
 *
 * EC_Payment_handleNoAccount() - same as above except for accountless  *                                pockets. Called by handle() if the pocket  *                                is accountless.
 *
 * EC_Payment_make() - make a payment over the ECSocket passed. This
 *                     function _expects_ a payment ack. Use make1() if
 *                     none will arrive.
 *
 * EC_Payment_make1() - same as above, but does not wait for an ack.
 *
 * EC_Payment_receiveRequest() - Receive a payment request on the ECSocket
 *                               passed. Returns the information in the
 *                               this pointer.
 *
 * EC_Payment_request() - Send a payment request over the ECSocket passed.
 */
ECPayment *EC_Payment_create( ECPocket *pocket );
ECError *EC_Payment_setAmount( ECPayment *this, Int32 amt );
ECError *EC_Payment_setTimestamp( ECPayment *this, UInt32 timestamp );
ECError *EC_Payment_setSeqNo( ECPayment *this, UInt32 timestamp );
ECError *EC_Payment_setDescription( ECPayment *this, char *desc );
ECError *EC_Payment_setRecipientName( ECPayment *this, char *name );
ECError *EC_Payment_setRecipientMint( ECPayment *this, UInt32 id );
ECError *EC_Payment_getAmount( ECPayment *this, UInt32 *amt );
ECError *EC_Payment_getSeqNo( ECPayment *this, UInt32 *seqno );
ECError *EC_Payment_getTimestamp( ECPayment *this, UInt32 *timestamp );
ECError *EC_Payment_getDescription( ECPayment *this, char **desc );
ECError *EC_Payment_getRecipientName( ECPayment *this, char **name );
ECError *EC_Payment_getRecipientMint( ECPayment *this, UInt32 *id );
ECError *EC_Payment_accept( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket,
             ECSocket *sock );
ECError *EC_Payment_accept1( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket,
              ECSocket *sock );
ECError *EC_Payment_acceptNoAccount( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket,
                 ECSocket *sock );
ECError *EC_Payment_acceptNoAccount1( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket,
                  ECSocket *sock );
ECError *EC_Payment_handle( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket,              EC_M_Payment payment );
ECError *EC_Payment_handleNoAccount( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket,                  EC_M_Payment payment );
ECError *EC_Payment_make( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket, ECSocket *sock );
ECError *EC_Payment_make1( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket, ECSocket *sock ECError *EC_Payment_receiveRequest( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket,                 ECSocket *sock );
ECError *EC_Payment_request( ECPayment *this, ECPocket *pocket, ECSocket
*sock  * ECError APIs
 */
ECError *EC_Error_create( void );
ECError *EC_Error_returnValue( Int32 errno );
ECError *EC_Error_returnTCPError( TCPError *err );
ECError *EC_Error_returnLibError( Int32 errno, Int32 libErrno );
 /* _ECASH_H_*/
 *
 *   Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997
 *      The VeriWeb Internet Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.
 *
 *   This is a published work of the VeriWeb Internet Corporation
 *   ("VeriWeb").  Permission to use and/or redistribute may be  *   obtained upon prior written permission by VeriWeb, and  *   provided that the following conditions are also met:
 *
 *      1. Redistributions of source code, including binary forms,  *         must retain the above copyright notice, this list of  *         conditions, and the following disclaimer.
 *
 *      2. Documentation and/or other materials provided with any
 *         redistribution must contain the above copyright notice,  *         this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.
 *
 *      3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of  *         this software must display the following acknowledgement:
 *               *              This product includes software developed by
 *              the VeriWeb Internet Corporation and its contributors.
 *
 *      4. Neither the name of the VeriWeb nor the names of its  *         contributors may be used to endorse or promote products  *         derived from this software without specific prior written  *         permission.
 *
 *   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY VERIWEB AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''.   *   THEREFORE, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT  *   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS  *   FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL VERIWEB  *   OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,  *   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT  *   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,  *   DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED, AND ON  *   ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,  *   OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY  *   OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY  *   OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 *
 *  *
 *    ecash.h $Revision: 1.2 $ (VeriWeb) $Date: 1997/05/21 01:48:50 $
 */
Jeremey Barrett                                  VeriWeb Internet Corp.
Crypto, Ecash, Commerce Systems                 PGP key fingerprint =  3B 42 1E D4 4B 17 0D 80  DC 59 6F 59 04 C3 83 64

@_date: 1997-05-22 06:11:21
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: attila the hun (was Re: Wine Politics Again!) 
When Attila T. Hun posts to the list, I can tell you how many
hours, days and minutes it has been since his last post. I know
when I see his name on a post that he has something to say.   Perhaps the most telling comment I have heard about him was
when a fellow cypherpunk said about Attila, "When he replies to
one of my posts I never know if he's going to kiss me or rip
me a new asshole.  He doesn't respond to my _reputation capital_
or my perceived net persona--he responds to what I express in
my posting."
  I don't have a problem with the opinions or points of view that
Kent expresses on the cypherpunks list, but I do have a problem
with the fact that his posts seem to reflect a pre-programmed
world-view, with little thought given to the actual content and
concepts expressed by those he is replying to.
  I find Kent's posts to be much like the ASCII art that is posted
to the list--each post is slightly different, but predictable. The
aspersions that Kent casts on those such as Attila and Tim serve
no purpose other than to accentuate the fact that he is envious
of their propensity for dealing on a real-world level with the
concepts he addresses from an intellectual ivory tower.
  There are people I have known for years--their _real_ name, where
they live, went to school, the annual average rainfall in their
hometown, etc.--but I know very little about who they really are--
how they think, what they believe, etc.
   I know a lot more about Attila T. Hun. His posts reflect who he
is, where he's been, what he's done, and his perceptions about
himself and the world around him. His posts reflect his persona.
   Kent's posts reflect, in my opinion, what he has "learned to
believe." When I read Kent's posts, I don't feel like I learn
who he is, but rather, I learn the "position" that he is taking
on this or that point.
   Real name/anonymity aside, I see Attila as real and Kent as a
shadowy figure. My advice to Kent would be, "If you're going to
be an asshole, at least be a _real_ asshole." I enjoy the exchange
of differing viewpoints (and genuine conflicts) on the cypherpunks
list, because it gives me food for thought about positions and
viewpoints that I have dichotimous feelings about, but I have
little use for lukewarm, passive-aggressive exchanges. (I prefer
the pissing contests between raving maniacs.)
  I have used a variety of "names" as a writer, musician and as a
fugitive from injustice. Whenever I looked in the mirror, however,
I always saw the same face. And no matter what "persona" I am using,
I find that I feel most like "myself" when I speak and act honestly,
no matter whether my stance is homeostatic or dichotymous.
  I have done traffic/personality/pseudonym analysis on the list for
years and have uncovered a plethora of anonymous personas. Some use
anonymity to "step out of" their regular list persona. Some use it
to address issues that could not deal with under their regular
persona because of a need to protect their perceived public/social
image. Some use anonymity because of personal or business conflicts
that could be used against them by those who feel threatened by
honesty. Others use anonymity because it is fun to play "hide and
seek" with list members who know them well enough to suspect who
they _really_ are.
  I first encountered the "TruthMonger" persona in 1989 and have
followed its evolution since that time. The better I got at tracking the various entities assuming the TruthMonger persona,
the more I realized that those who claim to "know" or "expose"
who a particular TruthMonger _really_ is are wrong about
90% of the time.
  The reason for this is simple.
  Once we form an "opinion" of _who_ somebody is and _what_they_
believe_, and _who_they_are_, then we "interpret" what they
have to say in their posts in accordance with our learned
perception of them. Accordingly, we fail to see the naturally
occuring dichotomys and inconsistencies that are inherent in
living, learning and adapting to the evolution of thought which
comes with an expanding mental and emotional paridigm.
  When the same person posts anonymously, then those who know
them and have an "opinion" of who they are and what they think
can no longer categorize their post automatically and interpret
it in the "usual" manner.
  Anonymity forces the reader to consider the content that is
contained in the post, rather than automatically consigning it
to the proper "box" according to the established persona of a
regular poster.
  Many people are not comfortable with not being able to
"assign" an anonymous persona with the author's appropriate
mental "box" so they attribute this or that post with this
or that list member and respond accordingly.
  I am posting this anonymously.
  Who am I? I am the person who believes what I have written here
and who doesn't want what I am expressing to be classified according to what I wrote yesterday.
I am:
TruthMonger # -96

@_date: 1997-05-22 08:05:24
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: One-time pads 
Timothy C[reep] May sits at his terminal dressed in five-inch stiletto heels, fishnet stockings, a gold-lame mini-skirt, a purple halter with girdle underneath to keep in his flabby gut, a Fredericks of Hollywood padded bra also underneath the halter, a cheap Naomi Sims pink afro wig, waiting to yank his crank whenever a black man responds to one of his inane rants.
          ^. .^
          ( @ )
            c

@_date: 1997-05-22 19:00:52
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Key Recovery / The True Story 
When Key Recovery and Key Escrow schemes become a fact of life, there
will be abuse and fraud of the nature that some on the cypherpunks list
have expressed concern about.
  The grandmother who is arrested for plugging a parking meter will have
her computer confiscated so the authorities can search for evidence that
her plugging of the meter was pre-planned. Some $20,000/year clerk is
going to dip into someone else's funds to support their drug habit. And
some government spook is going to break into a church's computer to find
out if they are secret terrorists because they oppose this or that
government policy.
  The fact of the matter is, the government is perfectly happy with the
citizens' vocal opposition to these possibilities because it provides a
convenient smokescreen for the greater import of Key Escrow. They will
occasionally pop a Jim Bell, or a "pornographer" to justify their "need"
for Key Escrow, but they will let nature take its course until their
capacity to monitor everyone, everywhere, all the time, is an accepted
fact of life.
  The real reasons for the push for Key Recovery and Key Escrow are
centered on global concerns.
  World power is acquired and maintained by acquiring and manipulating
information and opinion. Countries and companies are helped to rise and
fall from prominence. One is supported, another is sabotaged. One
politician has his sins covered and another has them exposed.
  The rich and the powerful have always ruled, no matter what form the
government of the day takes. It has always been so.
  When the government disinformation specialists incite the citizens to
fight over pennies, it is to distract them while the rulers steal their
dollars. The chaos of the citizen is the friend of the government, so
they work to promote a chaos that will meet their needs.
  They allow us to have our Saviors, but if our J.F.K.'s and our Martin
Luther Kings get too powerful, then they are removed. The allow us to
have our victories, but there is always a 'rider' attached that takes
away yet another of our rights and freedoms.
  While we fight battles, the government fights wars.
  Anyone who believes that the attack on Jim Bell is not aimed at the
CypherPunks is a fool.
  While we fight battles, the government fights wars.

@_date: 1997-05-23 16:33:43
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Not that I'm a troublemaker, but... 
I was watching the national news broadcast a picture of the key to
the Ryder truck that was purportedly found near where McVeigh's car
was allegedly parked.
  I thought it would be an interesting project for someone with the
proper technological tools to take the picture and add a graphic of
the "bloody glove" beside it.
Key Asscrole

@_date: 1997-05-23 23:16:17
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: The Natives Are Getting Restless 
Friday, May 23, 1997 - 16:33:14 MET
It has been said that the greatest lesson learned from the vietnam war by the military industrial complex, was the need for effective disinformation and its role in dividing groups that would otherwise hang together against a common enemy.
Applied to the home front this translated into "identity" politics. To break up the antiwar and youth movements of the 60s, everyone was defined as a minority with their own agenda and lexicon. Feminists, Vanishing White male,  Black Power advocates, Gays/Lesbians,  christian peaceniks, hispanic farm workers, etc each was pitted against the other by underscoring their departure points in a machevelian plan to divide and conquer those that had united against the war and the MIC.
For the most part this has been extremely successful and any meaningful dialogue on a national scale has long been next to impossible because of it.
List members should be the first to rise above the base tactics of the enemy. We need to develop a language of inclusion that unites all of these seemingly disparate peoples against the common enemy.

@_date: 1997-05-24 02:31:01
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
It's naieve to assume that Bell was even the target.  World
gov't/military machines learned their PR lessons in vietnam.
As a part of a greater plan, it makes sense.    If the stinkbomb allegations are fact, then they have enough to
convict him on something minor like assault, possibly with
intent or with a weapon.  That would help, but wouldn't be required.  They most definitely have posts with his name on
them and people who would testify to his being of the libertatian/radical bent.  Neither of those will likely hold up
in court, but that's ok.    The US is still reeling from OK City.  Tried as it might, the US gov't
couldn't find an outside enemy to pin it to.  Whether
Timmy did it or not is again irrelevant, they needed to find someone to blame and did.  Now that it's the defenses turn, it would be useful to remind people of the scar--get someone for
"conspiring" to do it again.  Bring up that hatred again--can't
hurt the prosecutions case.    Markoff's and Littman's versions of the Mitnick saga are indeed most interesting.  Shimomura's machine gets broken into and there
was _something_ on there that _someone_ wanted back pretty badly.  Does it
matter if he did it?  _Someone_ did, and
that alone is usable.  BTW, we get to wash the egg off the FBI.
  Sommi the "cyberstalker" goes unfound for months.  Come on,
we all know that no one could be that stupid.
  Ultimately, these add up in the mind of Joe public online.
He's scared of hackers and organizations that promote
libertarianism.  "We can protect you from them if you let us."
At this point the collective conscious doesn't care about
losing what it percieves as a tiny amount of freedom to keep
itself and it's offspring safe.    And that's the game.  The more a gov't oppresses, the more
paranoid it needs to be.  Becoming a police state is simple, becoming a welcomed police state takes careful planning.
Prior planning prevents piss poor performance
 -- sparky

@_date: 1997-05-24 04:57:27
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: AP=MAFIA ? 
Italy remembers murdered anti-Mafia judge
   ROME (May 23, 1997 3:43 p.m. EDT) - Italy on Friday mourned the judge
   whose ground-breaking Mafia investigations led to his murder five
   years ago.
   On Thursday, prosecutors in Sicily requested life jail terms for more
   than 30 bosses charged with the murder.
   Judge Giovanni Falcone, his wife Francesca Morvillo and three
   bodyguards were blown up on May 23, 1992, on a motorway outside the
   Sicilian capital Palermo.
   "Institutions and citizens have a duty not to forget," the speaker of
   the Chamber of Deputies (lower house), Luciano Violante, said in an
   anniversary message to the families of the victims.
   He called on Italians "to avoid the rhetoric of commemorations (and
   to) work with determination in the fight against the Mafia to defend
   those values of civility and legality" for which Falcone worked.
   Crimefighters including FBI director Louis Freeh, in Palermo for a
   memorial service, drove in convoy along the motorway. They stopped to
   pay tribute at the point where explosives packed under the road were
   detonated by remote control as Falcone's car passed.
   "We are not just honouring the memory of a single man but of many
   policemen, prosecutors and investigators which he represents," Freeh
   said.
   Prosecutors in the central Sicilian city of Caltanissetta requested
   life sentences on Thursday for 32 Mafiosi, including Cosa Nostra's
   jailed boss of bosses Salvatore Riina and some of his key lieutenants,
   who are charged with masterminding the murder.
   For Giovanni Brusca, the most senior member of the Mob to be captured
   in the past year, prosecutors sought a 30-year jail term. They cited
   mitigating circumstances since Brusca has admitted using the remote
   control device that triggered the blast.
   The trial was halted for five minutes on Friday as a mark of respect.
   The defence is expected to sum up late next month. A verdict is
   expected late this year.
   On Friday night thousands of Sicilians gathered for a pop concert held
   in Falcone's memory on an undeveloped tract of land in the city's
   outskirts near a villa where Riina spent part of his 23 years at large
   before his arrest in 1993.
   Falcone, a Sicilian, revolutionised Italy's war on the Mafia by
   tracking financial records that revealed the extent of the Mob's
   criminal activities and resources, and by persuading captured Mafioso
   to turn state's evidence.
   Testimony from "Men of Honour," who are sworn on pain of death to a
   code of silence or "omerta" when they are initiated into the Mafia,
   gave unprecedented insight into the feared society and led to the
   arrest of Riina and other bosses.
   The murder of Falcone, and two months later of his friend and
   colleague Paolo Borsellino in a car-bomb attack, horrified Italy and
   galvanised efforts to crack the Mafia and end the reign of terror
   imposed by Riina and his bloody Corleone clan.
   Palermo's chief prosecutor Giancarlo Caselli cautioned on Friday that
   Italy now risked slipping into complacency.
   "The Mafia seems to have become a second division problem, or even a
   non-problem, because people think...that police successes in the last
   few years are leading to a definitive solution of the problem.
   "That is not so," Caselli said in a radio interview. "The Mafia is
   still an extremely robust and highly dangerous beast."
     _________________________________________________________________
      [ Global | Stateside | Sports | Politics | Opinions | Business |
    Techserver | Health & Science | Entertainment | Weather | Baseball |
           Basketball | Football | Hockey | Sport Server | MAIN ]
     _________________________________________________________________
    Copyright ) 1997 Nando.net
    Do you have some feedback for the Nando Times staff?

@_date: 1997-05-26 02:04:19
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: GAK 
Timothy C[unt] May carries a turd in his wallet for identification purposes.
      \|||/
      (o o)
  -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Timothy C[unt] May

@_date: 1997-05-26 10:25:52
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Message 
Anyone try this site?  I couldn't connect.
The Pie Guy

@_date: 1997-05-28 08:13:54
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Beware of encrypted processors bearing gifts... 
We now live in an age where, in between the slumber of the soap operas and the bewitchment of 'prime time,' we are fed our opinions and world-views in catch-phrases and ten second sound-bytes. At the same time, Gomez sees to it that there is enough trouble and turmoil in the world that the World Leaders, even in democracies,
can chip away at human and individual rights under the guise of dealing with various 'threats' that they, themselves, have concocted as a means
of retaining power over the masses. Even as the governments of the world strive to bring everyone and everything, however minute, under tight control and regulation, Gomez and the Dark Allies are behind the scenes, helping to guide the development of a technology that will, along with television, be the ultimate weapon in their struggle for the domination of all mankind---the Computer.
The rich and powerful have managed to lull us to sleep with the hypnotizing power of television---stealing our thoughts and our reasoning processes in our slumber, feeding us our reality via the airwaves...according to the 'official' party line. The government and the media have placed us on neat little shelves where we are numbered and labeled according to their own wants and needs. We are allowed the illusion of freedom of thought, and individual choice, as long as we have our 'Freedom of Thought Permit
1136.51.709' and don't stray too far from the permitted paths. In the great battles of the past the Dark Forces have always been beaten by the individuals scattered in the secret places, living unnoticed in obscurity. Living quietly and unobtrusively, forgotten about in the madness storming the land, they have kept alive the spark of Thought and Reason. They were able to go quietly about their work, making contact with the individuals who were ready to escape the madness and work towards restoring Sanity in the land.
This time there will be no escape. Every man, woman and child on the face of the earth will have a dossier documenting their life from the
time of their arrival on the face of the planet.
Information gleaned from the Department of Motor Vehicles, their Social
Security Number, banks, credit cards, magazine subscriptions, charitable and political contributions. When Gomez removes the masks of his human allies, revealing them as dark agents who have been rewarded with wealth and power for doing the bidding of the Evil One, the names of the misfits and wrong-thinkers will be spit out of the computers at the speed of light---to be rounded up and disposed of in the opening salvo of the new Holocaust.    Excerpt from "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" (1989)
I first read the above work in 1990 when it was considered by some to
be Orwellian in scope and by others to be paranoid babbling. Since then
I have watched the underlying theme of the work come to fruitation
slowly but inexorably.
Since my first reading of it I began taking steps to secure my files
and communications and in the process I discovered cryptography. In
1990 that made me a paranoid oddball to be viewed with skepticism.
Now there is a name for my disease: Cypherpunk Syndrome.
Not A Hypochondriac

@_date: 1997-05-28 09:00:21
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: SSN and Passports 
Wednesday, May 28, 1997 - 02:10:42 MET
The reason is obvious - they want to make sure they've
got their hands on your wallet, especially if you might
be the type of person who goes overseas, where there are
more opportunities to move money outside their supervision.
When I last renewed my passport, I had enough time to do it by mail
(with the extra fee for expedited service.)  Since I don't have
legal knowledge that the Secretary of Social Security has issued
me a number (my father gave me an SSN card when I was a kid,
which he had probably had issued to him for my bank account),
I had to strictly obey the law and leave the box blank :-)
Not a problem.
On the other hand, I know someone else who has the wrong name
on her passport, because the State Department has trouble
keeping track of divorced parents' name changes.
She filled out the SSN on her passport applications,
and a few weeks after she got the new passport,
she got a letter from the IRS saying "Dear Ms. Wrong-Name:
We don't have any tax returns with your name on them that match
SSN that you gave the Passport Office.  Please send us copies
of all your last N tax returns!"
Governments.  How quaint.

@_date: 1997-05-28 13:58:08
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: PRNG 
Tim C[unt] Mayonnaise carries a turd in his wallet for identification       /_/\/\
      \_\  / Tim C[unt] Mayonnaise
      /_/  \
      \_\/\ \
         \_\/

@_date: 1997-05-29 01:56:13
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: OECD attacks one of the Four Horsemen 
There will be a "War on Porn" on the internet that will mirror the
"War on Drugs" currently taking place. All that the government wants is their piece of the action. Like
drugs, the porn will always be available, but the price will fluctuate according to the level of government control and/or
The "War on Porn" will turn into another essential national industry
which will become part of the GNP.
The "winners" in this war will be the journalists who have covered
the "War on Drugs" as they will merely have to dust off old stories
and substitute "Porn" for "Drugs" wherever it occurs.
The "loser" will be the Hoover Vacume Cleaner Company, whose development
of Virtual Cathouse technology will fall victim to new legislation.

@_date: 1997-05-29 02:18:03
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: FWD: Statement on nym.alias.net 
Hi all-
remailers (IMHO), nym.alias.net, follows. This is especially important to
those using nym.alias.net in their reply blocks or as their sole nym
Fred B. Ringel		      --      Rivertown.Net Internet Access
Systems Administrator	      --      Voice/Fax/Support: +1.914.478.2885
PGP- Public Key		      --      email: fredr-pgpkey at joshua.rivertown.net
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The alias.net domain has been put "on hold" by the internic.  The
result of this, among other things, is that host nym.alias.net no
longer exists.
Since the alias.net domain itself it not administered by the same
people as nym.alias.net, I don't yet know why this is.  Given that
today is exactly 3 months after the creation anniversary of alias.net,
and the fact that the internic does an extremely poor job of billing
people and processing their payments, I suspect this has resulted from
some sort of billing confusion rather than any kind of anti-remailer
activity.  However, I've not heard back from the alias.net
administrators yet, so don't know anything for sure.
I just wanted to get the word out that we have no intention of
shutting down nym.alias.net.  The machine is still up and running, and
will be useable as soon as domain name service is restored.

@_date: 1997-05-29 03:13:21
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Nym Servers & cyberpromo 
Clever Computers ( is worth a look.  More expensive
than what's been mentioned so far, but not extraordinarily so.  They're
pretty flexible and I suspect that the sysadmins would be discreetly
sympathetic to the cause.

@_date: 1997-05-29 17:19:40
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: OECD attacks one of the Four Horsemen 
In financial, as well as freedoms, cost.
Yup. Like drugs, "intelligence" agencies will also get intimately involved, and then deny it, in a romantic tradition
dating back before language.
A negative part. Tax-spend. Spend-tax.
The real winners will also be in a strange quarter. The Playboys
and Penthouses of this world are concerned about profit, not
morality, but they will be perfectly willing to surreptitiously line
up with the Christian Coalition on this one. Strange bedfellows.
Old Woody Allen movies, anyone?

@_date: 1997-05-31 02:38:11
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: GAK 
May Timothy Maypole's forgeries get stuck up his ass so he'll have to shit through his filthy mouth for the rest of its miserable life.
                 .::7777::-.
                /:'////' `::>/|/
              .',  ||||   `/( e\  Timothy Maypole
          -==~-'`-Xm````-mr' `-_\

@_date: 1997-05-31 03:35:51
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: There's something wrong... 
Friday, May 30, 1997 - 21:07:32 MET
Actually we are well passed that point. Jim Bell's arrest and pending prosecution amounts to thought crime. Its not "possible they commited a crime" now its possible that they "may" commit a crime.
 At Waco, dozens of innocents were killed, burned alive on national television in their home and church from an unwarranted, excessive use of force in order to serve a search warrant on David Koresh for what they "may" have been doing.  No one was under indictment, under arrest or accused of an actual crime, yet through media manipulation that branded koresh and his followers Kooks, the nation watched another act of Statist-TV-Terrorism. The message through the medium this time?,   "We don't need no stinking charges."
Mandatory sentencing (a legislative and executive end run that usurps judiaciary power by eliminating judicial discretion)
 Terroristic Speech (a euphemism for 'thought crime' in many cases) are two examples of end runs around citizens contitutionaly protected rights that are being used daily to commit violent attacks on individual citizens civil rights.

@_date: 1997-06-01 06:59:56
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
A polite, mild-mannered person such as yourself? I can't imagine.
  I'm certain you also realize that enough of our rights and freedoms
are being taken away in order to save us from "dangerous threats" from
every conceivable source, that we have little use for even more of them
being taken away to protect us from "annoyances."
  I think I'll email Rotenberg and suggest that he enlist Tim May's
support by promising legislation to support warrantless searches for
the purpose of stopping the ASCII art slams of Tim. Knowing how our
"saviors" end up walking with the Devil *over* the bridge once they
become enmeshed in the D.C. mentality, Rotenberg will probably thank
me for the idea.
  To save the citizenry from the "annoyance" of unregulated sidewalk
traffic the city of Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, passed a law requiring
people to walk on the left side of the sidewalk.
  I sent in a facetious letter to the newspaper supporting the law,
saying things like, "Use of the sidewalk is a privilege, not a right."
etc. I couldn't believe the number of lunatics who took my letter
seriously and supported my position.
  One of my goals in life is to hunt down, mutilate, maim and torture
the individual who coined the expression, "There ought to be a law."

@_date: 1997-06-01 07:05:50
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Remailer Follies 
I have a friend who used to operate a remailer and he told me a
story about receiving an abuse complaint and request for blocking
from an acquaintance who was unaware that he was the operator of
the remailer. The person making the complaint was also a user of
the remailer.
  My friend composed a highly officious reply which indicated that
he had logged and read the remailer messages of both parties and
had reached the conclusion that the complaintant was indeed a
fascist, asshole, etc. and thus did not have a valid complaint
according to the policy of the remailer. He included enough personal details regarding the complaintant to indicate that he
had actually been snooping through the messages.
  The complaintant was dumbfounded and responded with a message
asking, "Are you crazy? Do you have any fucking idea what the
concept of anonymity implies?", etc. He concluded by stating that
in the future he would be using encryption in his remailer activity
and send them via other remailers.
  My friend enlisted the aide of another remailer operator who
was a close friend of the complaintant and was known by him to
be the operator of the second remailer.
  The second fellow emailed his friend to announce that a group
discussion between remailer operators had resulted in the decision
that his friend would only be allowed to send plaintext messages
through the remailers since it was standard policy to monitor the
messages to and from "troublemakers" in order to protect the
operators from unfounded accusations against them.
  At this point the complaintant was slightly suspicious of being
the butt of a joke but he was still gullible enough that the two
remailer operators had a bit more fun before copping to the fact
that they were just yanking the complaintant's chain. They had the decency to promise not to use the complaintant's real name
when telling the story of their prankery.
  A day without a Tim C. May attack is like a day without moonshine.

@_date: 1997-06-01 12:09:49
@_author: Huge Cajones Remailer 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Theoretical bullshit.   Your choice is to not work, not go on welfare, not drive, not get a
telephone, not be born in a hospital...ad infinitum.
  Even then, when you are arrested for trespassing on private land or
misuse of public land for those grubs and worms you ate, the government
will take your fingerprints and attach an identity to them. When you
return to your cave, the postman will be waiting at the entrance to
deliver the "Worms R Us" snailmail spam.
  Everyone seems to neglect recognizing that most of the proclaimed
"freely available information" is the result of coercion of one kind
or another.
  "If you want a driver's license so that you can earn a decent
living, then you must give us your social security number so that
we can make sure that you get your fair share of junk mail and spam. If you drive without a license, men with guns will lock you
in a cage."
  Try dumping your garbage on other people's doorstep and telling
them that you haven't initiated violence against them and are thus
guilty of no crime. Sell "freely available" information about other
people's children to convicted child molesters and then explain the
same thing to the parents.
  Why don't the people who send out spam go out ringing people's
doorbells at 4 a.m. to tell them how to "Make Big $$$"?  It is
because they would be held personally accountable for the effect
their actions have on the lives of others. They can explain until
they are blue in the face about their right to be an asshole who
is intruding in my life but they are unlikely to convince me to
put up with it without acting in a manner they find offensive.
  I enjoy many of the posts on anarchy by Paul and others but I
think most of the concepts are valuable mainly as personal standards
one applies to their own life.
  You can explain to the guy who slashes your tires that you had
a right to ring his doorbell at 4 a.m. to try to sell him your
product but he had no right to slash your tires. You will be right,
but so what?
  If Tim McVeigh beats the rap and returns to society, I'm going to
buy him a computer and an email account and then give the address
to CyberPromo. I am sure he will understand the issues of anarchy
and free enterprise involved, and act in accordance with the
dictates of his own conscience.
