
@_date: 1998-08-31 15:35:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
That's it!  The AOL'ers are grouping for a final stand against the sticker
location service (aka cypherpunks).  Time to jump ship!
UNSUBSKRIB   Yeah right!
GET ME OFF!
ThreeThree (toto's father)

@_date: 1998-12-05 06:37:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Citibank in drug cash probe GAO report slams bank for secretly moving millions in alleged drug money December 4, 1998: 10:56 a.m. ET
Citigroup's Dimon resigns - Nov. 02, 1998 Citibank Buys Into Microsoft-Supported E-Billing Venture - Sep. 14, 1998 General Accounting Office Citibank   NEW YORK (CNNfn) - Citibank secretly transferred up to $100 million in alleged drug money for the brother of the former Mexican president and violated its own internal controls on money laundering, the General Accounting Office said Friday.  The GAO charged in a report that the second-largest U.S. bank facilitated "a money-managing system that disguised the origin, destination and beneficial owner of the funds."
 The report, entitled "Raul Salinas, Citibank and Alleged Money Laundering," could lead to congressional hearings against Citibank in the new year. Salinas is the eldest brother of Carlos Salinas de Gortari, who served as Mexican president between 1988 and 1994.
 There have been repeated rumors that Salinas was linked to drug lords. But according to the report, Citibank's private banking unit asked Salinas few questions when approached by him in 1992.
 As a mid-level government employee, Salinas earned less than $200,00 a year. But between 1992 and 1994 he moved more than $90 million through Citibank accounts. Checks worth millions of dollars were taken by hand to Citibank Mexico by Salinas' wife Paulina. The money then was moved to Switzerland through a complex series of international transactions.
 Starting in mid-1992, the GAO said, "Citibank actions assisted Mr. Salinas with these transfers and effectively disguised the funds' source and destination, thus breaking the funds' paper trail."
 Citibank has its own "know-your-customer" procedures, which it failed to follow in the Salinas case, the GAO said.
 It was only after Salinas was charged with murder in 1995 that Citibank investigated the source of funds.  Even then, according to a bank representative, "Citibank New York's Mexican division believed that all of Mr. Salinas' funds had been obtained legally, with a large portion resulting from the sale of a construction company he owned," the report states.  "However, Citibank reportedly knew no details about the construction company, including its name, who had purchased it, or the amount of money generated by its sale."
 GAO investigators also criticize the bank for establishing a Cayman Islands trust to disguise the source and destination of Salinas' money.
 Salinas has denied any wrongdoing, saying that the money came from Mexican industrialists who wanted him to establish an investment fund.
 Citibank said in a statement the report "contains gross errors of fact and interpretation" and "ignores recent progress in strengthened law and industry procedures which Citibank strongly supports in keeping with our commitment to combat money laundering, to comply with the letter and spirit of related laws and to continually strengthen our procedures everywhere we operate."
 Spokesman Dick Howe added, "We have looked into the matter ourselves and have found that neither the company nor any employee has violated the law. We're cooperating fully with law enforcement authorities."
 The GAO said it was unable to determine whether Citibank broke U.S. money laundering laws. But the Justice Department also is investigating the company's actions.
 No law specifically requires banks to know their customers, but money laundering -- concealing the source of funds obtained from illegal activity including drug sales -- is illegal.  Salinas is in prison, being tried for murder.  Citibank is now part of Citigroup (C) following its merger with Travelers.

@_date: 1998-12-07 05:01:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wassenaar Encryption Agreement 
The United States and 32 other nations that belong to a group called the Wassenaar Arrangement, which coordinates export policies for technologies that have both civilian and military use, have signed an agreement restricting exports of encryption technology from their countries.  The Clinton administration, which has already imposed such controls in this country, says the agreement will help American companies compete on a more equal footing with their counterparts abroad.  Privacy organizations are critical of the agreement, and a counsel for the advocacy group Americans for Computer Privacy says there will still be enormous differences in how the countries put the agreement into practice.  (Washington Post 4 Dec 98)
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-09 14:55:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
... [much deleted]
I think we read a message not so long ago from a 'punk who
spotted the prototype of these 'bomb-sniffing cameras' along
a California highway, no?
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-17 20:13:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: the KKK took my baby away (in year 2000) 
Millenium Y2Kaos:
   Fear of Computer Bug
   Fueling Far Right
   Prepare for war. Its coming!" With those words, hard-line racist
   preacher James Wickstrom warned an August gathering of extremists in
   Pennsylvania of the end-times battle he expects in the year 2000 -- a
   battle he believes will be set off by the so-called "y2k" computer
   bug.
   Across the extreme-right spectrum, such fears of a societal breakdown
   sparked by computer date-change problems have set activists afire.
   While Wickstroms prophecies may be the most explosive, similar
   millennial fears are dominating the headlines of the radical press.
   The airwaves are reverberating with warnings to head for the hills and
   hunker down for possible riots and race war. The Internet is replete
   with similarly dire scenarios.
   When the crash comes, Wickstrom enjoined some 30 followers, "get out
   of the way for a while and then go hunting, O Israel!" Like the
   biblical figure of David, godly whites must "fill our shoes with the
   blood of our enemies and walk in them." Wickstrom lives, he said, "for
   the day I can walk down the road and see heads on the fence posts."
   If the race war scenario such men envision is a fantasy, the computer
   problem they believe will set it off is not. Authorities ranging from
   President Clinton to leaders of industry around the world believe that
   y2k -- which is short for "Year 2000" -- could lead to major social
   and economic snarls, even a worldwide depression.
   The problem originated with early computer programmers who abbreviated
   date references to two digits -- as in "98" for 1998 -- in order to
   save then-precious bytes of computer memory. At the turn of the
   century, experts say, many computers could crash or spew nonsensical
   data as they confuse "00" for 1900. While predictions vary hugely,
   many officials and experts believe there could be serious problems in
   banking, food supplies, air traffic control, nuclear and electrical
   power, defense and any number of other sectors.
   Many fear a recession. And there are those who forecast even worse.
   Something will happen
   Regardless of the actual result -- and many experts see the
   headline-making y2k story as a tempest in a teacup -- there is no
   question that a large number of extremists have pegged the year 2000
   as a critical date. For many, it will be the time when Christian
   patriots, the "children of light," must do battle with the satanic
   "forces of darkness." Others believe "one-world" conspirators will
   attack American patriots on that date.
   This has not been lost on those who battle right-wing terror. Early
   next year, the FBI will launch a nationwide assessment of the threat
   of domestic terrorism on and around Jan. 1, 2000. "I worry that every
   day something could happen somewhere," Robert Blitzer, head of the
   FBIs domestic terrorism unit, told the Los Angeles Times recently (see
   interview also in this issue).
   "The odds are that something will happen."
   Hard-line revolutionaries like Wickstrom are not the only ones to tie
   apocalyptic visions to the y2k problem. Pat Robertsons relatively
   mainstream Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN), for instance, offers
   news stories describing the computer bug and its possible
   ramifications such as "The Year 2000: A Date With Disaster" and
   "Countdown to Chaos: Prophecy for 2000." Robertson markets a CBN
   video, "Preparing for the Millennium: A CBN News Special Report," that
   includes a synopsis of "the y2k computer crisis" with his futuristic
   novel, The End of an Age, which describes a "possible scenario of a
   future biblical Armageddon" triggered by a meteors crash.
   The audience for such ideas is not even limited to evangelical
   Christians. A large number of new religious books have crossed over
   strongly into the secular market.
   Left Behind
   , a recent series of four apocalyptic novels co-authored by an
   evangelical Christian minister and a former journalist, has sold
   almost 3 million copies. The series made "publishing history in
   September when all four of the books ascended to the top four slots on
   Publishers Weekly magazines lists of bestsellers," according to a
   report in The New York Times. The books authors say every major
   prophecy of the biblical Book of Revelations has been fulfilled, and
   they expect the y2k bug could set off the crisis.
   Y2K and the antichrist
   "It could very well trigger a financial meltdown," co-author Tim
   LaHaye writes on his publishers Web site, which attracts 80,000
   electronic visits a day, "leading to an international depression,
   which would make it possible for the antichrist or his emissaries to
   establish a one-world currency or a one-world economic system, which
   will dominate the world commercially until it is destroyed."
   The series has spun off a companion childrens book series, a music CD,
   T-shirts and caps. More books and a movie also are in the works, the
   Times reported. And now, Tennessee trade magazine publisher Tim Wilson
   has launched a new periodical, Y2K News Magazine, that includes tips
   on defending property from would-be attackers.
   Reaction to the y2k problem on the extreme fringes of the right has
   varied widely, usually depending on the religious or ideological bent
   of each group. Probably the most consistent theme has been a
   survivalist one, with ideologues warning that people must prepare for
   the worst. And entrepreneurs around the country have leaped to take
   advantage of these fears, offering for sale everything from dried
   foods to underground bunkers.
   At the Preparedness Expo 98 held in Atlanta last June, for instance,
   at least a dozen speakers offered bleak assessments of the coming
   crisis. For those who took the bait, there was a plethora of products
   available: water purifiers, hundreds of types of storable foods from
   "enzyme-rich vegetable juice extracts" to "gourmet" dehydrated fruits,
   seeds, herbal medicines, "Cozy Cruiser" trailers and all manner of
   books on survival skills.
   Such merchants arent the only ones pandering to millennial fear.
   Land, gold and medical school
   In Idaho, so-called "Patriot" James "Bo" Gritz hawks remote lots of
   land that he describes as "an ark in the time of Noah," along with a
   huge range of survivalist products and training. In Montana, Militia
   of Montana leader John Trochmann has a catalog of holocaust-survival
   items. In states around the country, far-right "investment counselors"
   sell strategies to protect ones money as civilization collapses. And
   on the Internet, two self-described "Christian Patriots" signing
   themselves Michael Johnson and Paul Byus offer "foolproof" gold
   certificates to a mining claim in Oregon.
   "We [also] have set up schools to cover kindergarten, 1st thru 12th
   grades, adult school, community college, 4 yr college, university, and
   even the medical school I told you about 6 months ago," one of the
   Internet salesmen claims. "Bring your kids and entire family to
   participate in our secure decentralized Patriot community... ."
   Other reactions on the extreme right run the gamut, from seeing the
   crisis as an opportunity for global conspirators to seize dictatorial
   powers, to viewing it as an opening for revolution or a fulfillment of
   biblical prophecy. Recent examples:
   The New American, an organ of the ultraconservative John Birch
   Society, speculates that the y2k bug could be Americas Reichstag fire,
   a reference to the 1933 arson attack on Germanys Parliament building
   that was used by Hitler as an excuse to enact police state laws.
   "[C]ould the Millennium Bug provide an ambitious President with an
   opportunity to seize dictatorial powers?" the magazine asks. "Such a
   notion seems plausible... ."
   Norm Olson, a Michigan militia leader, is busy doing "wolfpack"
   training for the apocalypse, reports Media Bypass, a magazine popular
   among Patriots. "Survival is the key. As with most other people, we
   will rely on our self-supporting covenant community, " said Olson, who
   believes constitutional rights probably will be suspended before the
   real crisis hits. "It will be the worst time for humanity since the
   Noahic flood."
   In his AntiShyster magazine, Patriot editor Alfred Adask speaks of
   entire cities running out of food and of the possibility of "millions
   of American fatalities." "If the y2k information Ive seen is accurate,
   we are facing a problem of Biblical proportions," he says.
   "Potentially, y2k ... [is] a dagger pointed at the heart of Western
   Civilization."
   Bo Gritzs Center for Action newsletter, describing y2k as "a pandemic
   electronic virus more deadly than AIDS," predicts "worldwide chaos"
   and then goes on to offer lots for sale at Gritzs "Almost Heaven"
   community. "If Y-2-K has the predicted effect ... we can expect to
   see, out of the ashes of decimated fiat systems and economic chaos,
   the rise of a MONEY MESSIAH, who will offer a miraculous fix to a
   bleeding, begging world," Gritz adds. He also predicts imposition of a
   worldwide "electronic currency."
   Writing in The Jubilee, the leading periodical of the racist and
   anti-Semitic Christian Identity religion, correspondent Chris Temple
   says that "the net result of the Year 2000 problem as I have described
   it will be POSITIVE! Internationalism and capitalism will be dealt
   severe blows; efforts to recapture local control ... will spread."
   In his Patriot Report, Identity proselytizer George Eaton concludes:
   "We need to act as if our lives depend upon our decisions, because
   they do. What can we do? Continue to work and save up money for
   survival items. ... A person can never be over-prepared."
   In a July Internet posting on a Klan news page, a contributor
   described as a computer programmer demands that the federal government
   "surrender" in return for programmers assistance in fixing the y2k
   bug. The posting speaks of "the thousands (probably millions) joining
   us in our rural retreats. Weve got the bibles, the beans, the
   bandages, the bullets -- and the brains. ... You will reap what you
   have sewn [sic]. ... Some cities will indeed end in flames -- flames
   that will light a path to our posteritys freedom."
   From fallout shelters to y2k
   Interestingly, one of the most salient commentators on the y2k problem
   -- a man often quoted in the mainstream press -- has been Gary North.
   North is a hard-line opponent of abortion and a theocratic thinker who
   advocates imposing biblical law on the United States. In his books, he
   has written of the possibility of a "political and military"
   confrontation "in the philosophical war against political pluralism."
   Although he is widely described as a y2k "expert," he is also
   something of a professional doomsayer.
   In 1986, long before the y2k problem came to public attention, North
   co-authored a book on how to survive nuclear Armageddon. Called
   Fighting Chance: Ten Feet to Survival, it features a shovel -- for
   digging fallout shelters -- on its cover.
   Norths huge y2k Web site has made him into a guru to many extremists.
   The neo-Nazi Aryan Nations is one of many groups that link their Web
   sites to that of North.
   "These are people who are super-sensitive to anything that suggests
   the collapse of social institutions," Michael Barkun, a Syracuse
   University expert on millennialism, said of y2k fearmongers. "Since
   nuclear war really is no longer out there as a terribly likely way for
   civilization to end, theyve got to find something else. y2k is
   convenient."
   Many experts, including Barkun and the FBIs Blitzer, agree that
   extremists fears and hopes surrounding y2k have increased the danger
   of domestic terrorism. "It adds to apocalyptic fears," says Chip
   Berlet, who studies the far right for Cambridge-based Political
   Research Associates. "Therefore, it adds to the potential for
   violence."
   James Wickstrom may best illustrate that potential.
   At the meeting he co-hosted with Identity leader August Kreis in
   Ulysses, Pa., he warned his audience -- several clad in Aryan Nations
   uniforms -- that auth
   The enemy, said Wickstrom, must be "exterminated." He must be "shot."
   He must be "hanged." "The battle is upon us," Wickstrom bellowed.
   "Battle!"

@_date: 1998-12-24 07:34:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Navy ordinace personnel always to have a keen sense of irony
and, therefore, a fine sense of humor.
On Cohen.  Well, he affirms his belief in his coic.  What else
needs to be said?  This press statement does sound like Algore though.
Maybe the two have been spending too much time together or drinking
from the same fruit bowl. ;)
anon y. mous

@_date: 1998-12-24 14:15:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
INTELLIGENT VIRUS INVADES NT SERVERS
A new computer virus that attacked 10 MCI Worldcom networks last week is
capable of spreading throughout computer networks and scrambling the
documents on those networks as it goes.  "We've never seen anything this
sophisticated in 10 years of doing this," says Network Associates' general
manager of network security.  "This is a completely new strain of virus and
the first we've seen that propagates itself with no user interaction."  The
"Remote Explorer" virus runs on Microsoft Windows NT servers and affects
common programs like Microsoft Word.  Users clicking on their Word icon
might experience a slight delay, but otherwise would be unable to detect
the presence of the virus;  meanwhile, the virus is busy corrupting files and
spreading to other programs.  Microsoft officials say they're "aware of
other viruses that have the same characteristics," and Network Associates
says it has developed a Remote Explorer detector and is working on a
solution to decode the affected files.  (Wall Street Journal 22 Dec 98)
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-24 16:21:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Is Sameer/C2net Attempting to subvert the OpenSSL and Mod-ssl projects 
On the Subject of Sameers record with open source
  mod_ssl.c(this was the component that Sameer wishes wasnt
available(and did his best to deny to his customers) and indeed was quite
sucessful in preventing its availability until Ralf Engleschall's mod_ssl becam
available... This is the REAL reason C2net took a nose dive...)
and now it appears Sameer is trying to co-opt that project also.
I trust Ben Laurie and Ralf... They developed the code .
I DONT trust Sameer... he is simply a privateer, he takes sources
and trys to restrict availability so he can make a profit from
Intellectual Property NOT developed by him...
I specifically suspect his announcement coming on the heels of Ben's.
I dont think this person will ever get a clue about either Open Source
or GPL.
     merry Xmas
     the baby ruth bar in the swimming pool :)

@_date: 1998-12-26 04:14:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: OpenSSL (whoever picks up the banner) Yeah!! 
Happy What ever to you all !
 gee Anonymous... you seem to be quite angry... or
a feeble provacateurs attempt to cause division in the ranks(Infowar Level 1 perhaps??)
(as if there wasnt enough already...)
    I think its vitally important to recognize Sameers and C2Nets
contribution to fighting against both the US bullshit export  laws
and to good quality cryptographic software... Stronghold while NOT
open source has been a vital and much appreciated part of the battle against the eavesdroppers at the NSA/Interpol/GCHQ etc.
I am however somewhat guarded about how Open Source OpenSSL will remain.
For example will competitors to C2net be able to use it without
licensing or fees to C2net in some form..?
  I would also like to thank Ben Laurie for making the patches available.
A lot of sites run these worldwide.
I sincerely wish the anonymous flamers would cease and desist
you are contributing as much garbage as the average spammer to these lists
If people dont make a profit from crypto activities... then there
wont be any crypto...
    Again Sameer thanx for all you have done..     Seasons greetings
    Anon.

@_date: 1998-11-13 13:12:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NotSoBlackNet: terrorist pays by money order 
Do Terrorists Troll the Net?
by Niall McKay
[...] "We fight for our independence," he said during one June
conversation. Harkat-ul-Ansar is on the State Department's list of the
30 most dangerous terrorist organizations in the world.
Establishing Ibrahim's true identity is difficult. The most compelling
evidence that he was acting on behalf of Harkat-ul-Ansar is a US$1,000
money order that he sent to Chameleon in an attempt to buy stolen military
software. [...]
Although he used several anonymous Hotmail accounts to send his
email, Ibrahim always accessed the Net from an Internet service
provider in New Delhi [...]
Savec0re said he also emailed the individual an encrypted file of
information from the Indian atomic research center, including diagrams
of reactors and trajectory calculations, and an analysis of five
Indian nuclear tests. "The next day I got a call from the so-called
FBI agent but he had an amazingly strong Pakistani accent," [...]

@_date: 1998-11-20 04:38:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: simple socket forwarder 
Does anyone have a simple packet forwarder to run
on a unix system? I want to set up a daemon on an
account to just redirect traffic from a particular port
to another host for some basic anonymity, but I don't
have experience doing socket coding, nor a book.

@_date: 1998-11-25 13:00:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Y2K Report Card 
AGENCIES GET NEW REPORT CARDS ON Y2K READINESS
Saying "the picture is a gloomy one," Congressman Stephen Horn, chair of the House subcommittee responsible for overseeing government progress on
averting the Y2K problem, has given out new report cards to federal agencies.  Three departments flunked:  Justice; Health & Human Services; and State.  The Defense Department gets a D-minus.  Three departments get A grades:  Small Business Administration;  Social Security Administration;
and the National Science Foundation.  The Social Security Administration began working on the problem in 1989, eight years before most other government agencies. - USA Today, Nov. 24, 1998

@_date: 1998-10-23 07:11:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Censored news topic censored ... 
I'll take a stab: milk spills, people trip, shit happens.
They probably didn't mean it.
But who knows.

@_date: 1998-09-09 12:38:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PEDIATRIC ADVISE -  FREE WEBSITE 
Dear Dr. Paula
I wonder if you could help me with my problem child.  He is such a sweet
lad really but he does seem to hang out with the wrong crowd.  Only the
other day I caught him reading Toaderpunks whilst laughing maniacly.  Is
there anything I can do?  I have tried the normal things, like getting him
an AOL account, but it isn't working!
I haven't been able to tell a soul about this, but since you claim not to
judge, I thought you'd understand.  Those damn Toaderpunks!  If you ask me
they should all be shot.  I wasn't prying, but I read some of my sons e-mail
the other day.  That's when I found out about the Toaderpunks.  They are all
so rude.  Why, I read one post from a nice AOL guy, asking about some stickers
for his favorite "Rock 'n' Roll" band and they weren't helpful at all!  In
fact, they were down right rude!  Oh and the language they use!  It's all
f*** this and f*** that -- if only their Mothers could hear them.
I was trying to help my son by stopping his subscription to
Toaderpunks, so I sent a message to the command address.  Since this may be
useful to you, I'll tell you what to do (there must be millions of poor kids
in the Toaderpunks trap)
send an electronic message to: cypherpunks at toad.com
and in the body write
GET ME OFF
Whilst this didn't end my sons Toaderpunk subscription, a very well hung
young man named Tim May visited me and "got me off" in the most spectacular
way.  Gosh, I'm getting wet just thinking about that boy!  Anyway Doctor,
I am sure you understand about those kind of things and I am getting a little
off my original question.  As I said, I am sure that information will help
you help a lot of others.
What do I do about my son?
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 1998-09-16 12:36:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 128 bit or 40 bit? 
Being outside North America, I have an "export" version of Internet Explorer/Netscape Navigator. These offer 40 bit encryption. (40 bit RC4, I understand).
My financial institution has a 128 bit Verisign certificate.
To my surprise, they claim this offers 128 bit encryption to /me/.
[in transactions to I thought my 40 bit client limited the security to 40 bits.
Who is right? Please explain.

@_date: 1998-09-17 15:21:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Encryption and Terrorists 
Wake up America! Encryption doesn't kill people!  Terrorists do.
Would you give the keys to your house to the government? Just in
case they have to break in? NO!  How about your ATM PIN  just in case
you don't pay your taxes? NO! So don't give out your keys that you use
encrpytion and don't let the government have a way to get them either!
Just say NO to the UNCONSTITUTIONAL idea of Limited Privacy! After all,
we are not COMMUNISTS.

@_date: 1998-09-22 05:42:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: one-time pad 
Where can I get the one-time pad in perl? The one I have I can't figure
out how to input data into it:
read(P,$p,length),print $_^$p while<>
Can anyone help?

@_date: 1998-09-22 11:14:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
I understand you think this is persuasive, but I don't understand why.
You do remember from 6 hours earlier that we're talking about lieing?  Your raising other issues is irrelevant. You're building up the bogey man.
[Jim Choate recently described this method as a "Strawman".] I suggested there are things Bill's done that are worse. Are you sure you're
Do you have anything worthwhile to bring to the discussion?
I guess not.

@_date: 1998-09-27 14:53:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
He's admitted this at least once in a sidebar on a message, as I seem to
recall, so it's nothing new. It does go to show conflict of interest, and
it could be claimed that he's trying to make himself feel better, I
Looking back, he's used AOL for most of his postings, except for one I
came across which apparently came from an admin machine at ces.edu, so he
isn't exploiting some random open relay somewhere. Generally they all
route through ces.edu.
I can't speak for Paul, but I figure that he's probably doing what he once
said that he is, and using a modem link to AOL, using AOL for a routing
service, then routing mail through the relay at CES. I don't know why
someone would want to do that if they're sitting on a university network,
but it doesn't matter much.
I just checked: the relay does appear to be an open relay. I just hope
spammers don't wind up finding out which, of course, they probably will
after that post.
Can we have some signal somewhere, please?

@_date: 1998-09-28 11:35:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Virus for UNIX 
Short answer: see long answer
Long answer: this isn't the list to discuss those.  Anyway, what could
you possibly want with a unix virus?  YOU ARE running windows, right? Message From: "SPAM-ME-NOT" (nobody at nowhere.to)
Mailer: "Telnet  110 || Telnet  25" - THE REAL WAY!
Quote: lu ml! blf'er qrplqrq gurh grcg!
