
@_date: 1997-08-07 08:39:53
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: MicroGorilla Postpones Rocket-Launch Plans Until..."likely sometime next year." 
Steven Vonder Haar wrote, the very next day:
Steven Vonder Haar wrote, the very next day:
Steven Vonder Haar wrote, the very next day:

@_date: 1997-08-12 11:47:40
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: I'd _like_ to share my source code, but... 
Peter Trei forged:
  For immediate employment contact .
  Or, if you are merely working on a bid for the following,
then, 5 + 7 = 14 (Close enough for government work!)

@_date: 1997-08-13 20:40:04
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
We killed this thread but after three days it rose again.
  Don't let lightning strike you in the ass on your way out.

@_date: 1997-08-15 21:01:58
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Cartel Leaders Set Snipers To Work In Border War 
Replacing the Marines who murdered an American teenager. Funny that
the drug cartels never felt a need to assassinate border patrol agents
until the American public found it unacceptable for U.S. troops to be
murdering American citizens.
  Have they "received reports" as to the logic behind these actions by
the cartel "henchmen?"
  Do the cartel henchmen think that the assassinated U.S. agents will
not  be replaced? Do they think that assassinating U.S. agents will
lead to lessened security along the border? Do they expect the U.S.
governement to put up "Welcome Drug Smugglers...We Surrender" posters
all along the border?
  Right. I got a parking ticket, so I'm going to put out a contract
on the meter-maid. That'll solve all my parking ticket problems. Then
the police will leave me alone.
  Why didn't I think of this before?
  The cartels only began moving drugs across the border in the last two
years? Border Patrol agents have never been shot at before?
  Are the drug cartel snipers worse shots than the U.S. marines? How
American teenage goat herders have the drug cartels murdered so far?
  This explains why America is practically drug-free, with only twice
as many grade school children using heroin as at this time last year.
  If we can keep up the pressure along the border, perhaps one day
_all_ of our children will be junkies.
  Good reasoning...
  And this is going to protect them from snipers and hired assassins
who the drug cartels are sending to their homes to murder them?
  How many illegal immigrants and American border citizens are going to be killed in "mistaken self-defence" before they consider it is
now necessary to arm themselves for protection?
  How far will the Border Patrol need to feed the "escalation of
violence" before the President feels comfortable to once again
begin unconstitutionally using the Armed Forces to enforce laws
internally in the U.S.?
  Why do these idiots go to such great lengths to spread FUD as a
smokescreen to help whitewash the murder of American citizens by
U.S. Armed Forces being unconstitutionally deployed internally within the U.S.?
  The Border Patrol has always had the authority to use armed agents
to defend our borders, and they have always had special units to
deal with areas which have become more violent than usual.
  The latest "announcements" have nothing to do with "news."
They have to do with smokescreen-FUD.

@_date: 1997-08-16 08:28:41
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Reducing Crypto-Anonymous Crime by 50% / Re: Getting ecash without an MTB account 
It seems to me that many of the government's fascist goals for
stopping strong crypto and anonymous financial transactions could
be realized merely by whacking out Alice and Bob.
  An analysis of the cypherpunks list archives shows that most of
the undesirable activities being perpetrated in the crypto-anonymity
arena are the result of a conspiracy between Alice, Bob, and their
shady friends.
  Anybody know their last names?
A Concerned Cititzen

@_date: 1997-08-16 08:29:38
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: ROTFLMAO / Re: Remailer hating Nazis 
Nothing personal, but I think this guy should consider seeking
professional help for his problems, instead of exposing his dirty
laundry on the cypherpunks list.
  Maybe he would come to the realization that the problem may not
lie with the children and the anonymous remailers.

@_date: 1997-08-16 21:41:03
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: FCPUNX:McVeigh on McVeigh 
Amen!!!
  More money was spent on McVeigh's defense than on O.J.'s prosecution.
For fifteen million dollars, McVeigh's lawyer couldn't be troubled to
raise his voice in his client's defense.
  I'm not Lee Fucking Bailey, but I've defended myself successfully in
court on a variety of occassions after firing attorneys who charged me
big bucks to advise me to plead out charges I was not guilty of
  There are a handful of lawyers I respect as having the skill and the
integrity to properly defend me to the max, but I wouldn't give you two
cents for McVeigh's government-bought schill.
  McVeigh's conviction was a given, no matter how skilled an attorney
he had representing him. That's how it works at that level.
  The role of McVeigh's attorney was to placate the American people's
sense of "justice" without rocking the boat. He didn't upset the
American people, he didn't upset the judge, the prosecutor, his golfing
buddies, or the court house restroom attendant.
  He did upset me, however, and that might turn out to be a big mistake
on his part.

@_date: 1997-08-20 00:49:05
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: W3C on PICS 
f r o n t  p a g e  |  a b o u t  |  b a c k  i s s u e s  |  s u b s c r i
b e  |  a d v e r t i s e
 The ILPN discusses PICS with Joseph Reagle of the W3
 Consortium
 August 18th 1997
 Joseph Reagle Jr. joined the World Wide Web Consortium
 (W3C) in October of 1996 to focus on policy issues
 related to the development of global technologies and
 their relationship to social and legal structures.
 Specifically, how to promote "good" engineering when
 applied to a multifaceted and often contentious policy
 environment; one result of this activity is the W3C
 Statement on Policy. Mr. Reagle has also been working
 on filtering, digital signature, intellectual property
 rights management, and privacy capabilities on the Web.
 He has also been an active contributor to the
 development of the Platform for Privacy Preferences
 (P3) project at the W3C. P3 will enable computer users
 to be informed and to control the collection, use and
 disclosure of their personal information on the Web.�
 ILPN: How does PICS work?
 The Platform for Internet Content Selection (PICS) is
 an infrastructure for associating labels (metadata)
 with Internet resources. It was originally designed to
 help parents and teachers control what children access
 on the Internet, but it also facilitates other uses for
 labels, including code signing, privacy, agents, and
 intellectual property rights management.
 PICS allows organizations to easily define content
 rating systems, and enable users to selectively block
 (or seek) information. The standard is not a rating
 system (like MPAA or RSACi), but an encoding method for
 the ratings of those systems. Those encoded ratings can
 then be distributed with documents, or through third
 party label bureaus.
 ILPN: Can you summarize
 the origin of PICS as well
 as the coalition behind       [Related Links]
 its development? What role
 is W3C playing in the           The World Wide Web
 ongoing development and       Consortium PICS Site
 promotion of PICS?
                                 Family Friendly
 During 1995, a number of
 activities occurred that      Internet...The White
 were related to concerns      House Internet Content
 of children accessing         Filtering Plan.
 potentially inappropriate
 Web content:                    Australian
                               Anti-PICS Site
   1. The Senate Judiciary
      Committee heard            Ratings Now,
      testimony regarding
      the "Protection of       Censorship
      Children From            Tomorrow...from SALON
      Computer Pornography
      Act of 1995" (S. 892)      ACLU Press Release
   2. The Information          on the July White
      Highway Parental         House Summit
      Empowerment Group
      (IHPEG), a coalition       Foucault in
      of three companies
      (Microsoft               Cyberspace:
      Corporation, Netscape    Surveillance,
      Communications, and      Sovereignty and
      Progressive              Hard-Wired Censors ...
      Networks), was formed    an absolute must read
      to develop standards     article from James
      for empowering           Boyle, a law professor
      parents to screen        at Washington�College
      inappropriate network    of Law,
      content.                 American�University.
   3. A number of standards
      for content labeling were proposed including
      Borenstein's and New's Internet Draft "KidCode"
      (June 1995), the Voluntary Internet Self Rating by
      Alex Stewart and NetRate by Peter Wayner.
   4. A number of services and products for blocking
      inappropriate content were announced, including
      Cyber Patrol, CyberSitter, Internet Filter,
      NetNanny, SafeSurf, SurfWatch, and WebTrack.
 By August, the standards activity was consolidated
 under the auspices of the World Wide Web Consortium
 (W3C) when the W3C, IHPEG, and twenty other
 organizations agreed to merge their efforts and
 resources to develop a standard for content selection.
 The intent of the PICS project was to demonstrate that
 it was possible and better for individuals and families
 on the Internet to have control over the the
 information they receive, rather than creating a
 national framework for censorship.
 Today, the W3C believes PICS-based technology can
 fulfill the requirements of mediating access
 potentially offensive or illegal content. The next big
 step is educating the users on how to use those
 technologies. For the future, we are working on the
 Resource Description Framework as the basis for a
 richer metadata infrastructure. Applications such as
 our P3 privacy project will use it to enable sites to
 make privacy statements.
 ILPN: Can you describe the difference between
 'labeling' 'filtering' and 'blocking,' and why this set
 of distinctions might be important?
 Paul Resnick's PICS Options FAQ has a very good answer
 to this question and some of the others that you ask.
 To summarize, labels are statements. They have the
 capability to describe a Web page, or to make any
 arbitrary assertion. Obviously, people can use such
 information to block, or select what they want to see.
 To generalize, one can use metadata to "rate" a Web
 page with respect to some rating system. Given ratings,
 a user applies a filter (her preferences about the
 ratings) to determine which pages are most appropriate;
 some action is associated with the result of the
 filtering. The common result is the blocking or
 selection of a page, but the user could also be
 presented with a list of sites sorted according to her
 preferences.
 ILPN: What do you make of the opposition by EFF, the
 American Library Association and the Electronic Privacy
 Information Center to PICS? Do you see PICS as a
 bulwark of free speech, or simply as the lesser of two
 evils (the other being government regulation)?
 I would characterize the response from each of those
 organizations differently, and of course my response is
 based on my own understanding of that position:�
   1. The ALA does not oppose PICS or filtering in
      general. I believe they acknowledge its usefulness
      as a means of parental empowerment, but do not
      feel it is appropriate for installation on every
      computer by default in their libraries. I respect
      this point of view while acknowledging that
      libraries may have requirements placed upon them
      by their constituencies or by the law with respect
      to illegal materials; it is up to the libraries,
      their constituencies, and governments to
      appropriately resolve these concerns.
   2. I personally like the direction the EFF took in
      working on "Public Interest Principles for Online
      Filtration, Ratings and Labelling Systems" and
      hope to see such efforts continue. The W3C feels
      that metadata is necessary to the Web. Hence, I
      think it is somewhat naive to criticize the
      capability to support metadata. While I do not
      agree with every position in the EFF document, I
      liked it because I think it is more constructive
      to discuss how that metadata infrastructure can be
      best used (or how to prevent abuse) rather than
      trying to hobble the Web.
   3. I, and my colleagues at the W3C, encourage
      rigorous discussion on the use of filtering
      technologies and how they affect individuals'
      rights. I do not buy the slippery slope argument
      that all technology which governments could use to
      do "bad things" must not be developed.
 I do not see PICS in grand terms; PICS is an
 application of metadata, as I explain elsewhere. To
 respond to the later question I do prefer the
 capability to exclude unwanted speech over the
 suppression of it at its source. Also, metadata itself
 is speech -- having the capability to laud, critique
 and criticize others is fundamental to a robust
 society.
 ILPN: How likely is it that PICS-based software will be
 mandated by governments at the level of ISPs?
 Unknown. Also, governments could theoretically do a
 number of things such as :
    * create rating systems
    * determine filtering criteria
    * require the use of filtering technology in servers
      or in clients
    * require the use of certain rating systems, etc.
 They can accomplish this by legislative action, by
 interpreting existing statutes, by promoting
 self-regulatory structures, or by providing incentives
 to comply with the policies by attaching liability, or
 removing it, to the players involved. Even with a
 specific question in hand, it would be a difficult task
 to predict the path of any nation.
 ILPN: Are you concerned with the potential abuse of
 PICS by governments and/or employers?
 Yes. I personally would protest or subvert my
 employer's or government's efforts in applying
 mandatory filters against my will; I do use filters to
 select content I am interested in and to get rid of
 spam and bozos. Regardless of my personal opinion, the
 W3C does not have the competency to tell other
 organizations what their policies should be. We can
 tell them about the technology and consequences of its
 use, but what they do with it is their choice
 obviously.
 ILPN: What about the possibility that a third-party
 labeling organization will obtain too much power?
 In terms of an independent third party? Let the market
 decide. If there are monopolistic concerns, a nation
 may wish to apply anti-trust laws. If it is a political
 entity, I hope it has some mechanism for being held
 accountable to its constituency.
 ILPN: We tend to think of PICS in terms of excluding
 materials deemed offensive. What are more 'positive'
 possible applications of PICS?
 PICS is merely one application of "metadata." Metadata
 means "data about data" and we are working very hard on
 this with our Resource Description Framework (RDF).
 This is a fundamental computer science concept and is
 essential to the future of the Web. Any time you wish
 to make a statement or an assertion, to rely upon a
 trusted opinion, it is "metadata." Our Platform for
 Privacy Preferences (P3) is another application of
 metadata. We wish to enable sites to make statements
 about their privacy practices so users are informed and
 can make choices about how they wish to interact with
 sites. A useful feature of metadata is that it is can
 be machine readable, so agents can act on behalf of the
 user, freeing the user to concentrate on higher order
 content and interactions. Hence, when I configure my
 agent, I should be able to search Web sites with the
 type of content I like, those which have privacy
 practices that I like, or that are referred to me by
 trusted third parties, and those that support the
 payment capabilities that I posses.
 ILPN: PICS seems to transform the web from an arena in
 which anything goes, and in which each individual must
 define his or her own participation, to an arena in
 which various 'cultures' can establish their own,
 separately designed comfort zones. Was this an
 intention of the PICS developers, or is it simply an
 unintended consequence of an effort to protect
 children?
 I don�t know if this was an original, explicit
 intention of PICS, but it soon became apparent that
 this is what PICS was about: allowing people to create
 their own cultural boundaries on the Web. I look at a
 lot of what we do at the W3C as not only providing the
 basic infrastructure for exchanging hyperlinked
 documents, but we are providing the capability to have
 more sophisticated interactions with other users and
 agents on the Web -- homegrown cultures and societies.
 "Real world" entities may see these tools as ways of
 extending their own social structure onto the Web, and
 this is actually what a lot of the PICS debate is about
 in my opinion. We'll see how successful governments can
 be.
 In the meantime, the W3C does want to mitigate the
 possible fragmentation on the Web from either: 1)
 people dropping off it all together and creating their
 own, or 2) tearing it apart from fighting over whose
 cultural norms should prevail. I'll quote from the W3C
 Policy Statement on this point:
      ...This architecture must allow local
      policies to co-exist without cultural
      fragmentation or domination...
       ILPN: Is W3C promoting the development of PICS into
 proxy server products?
 Yes. The PICS Options FAQ states that filter processing
 can be centralized at a proxy server while still
 permitting individuals to choose the filtering rules. I
 will qualify this by saying that it has never been the
 intent of the W3C to create technology for governments
 to use as a means of centralized control. Not that
 governments couldn't do such a thing (and there are
 other ways for them to do it if they wanted to), but
 that isn't our intent in working on this technology.
 ILPN:. What kind of legislation, and court cases, do
 you expect to see in the future regarding PICS?
 I expect to see continued activity in:
   1. drawing the line between "illegal" and
      "inappropriate" content
   2. determining what obligations services have in
      restricting illegal material
   3. developing self regulatory structures for limiting
      childrens' access to "inappropriate" material�
      (promoting a "family friendly internet.")
 ILPN: What should people maintaining web sites be doing
 regarding PICS and the various rating systems? Should
 people be rating their sites now? What might the
 consequences be for neglecting to rate one's site? Is
 it important for people to keep track of how their web
 sites are rated, and if so, how can they do this?
 Technologies, such as Microsystems Software's
 CyberLabeler, are being developed which follow the
 recommendations of the PICS specifications and make
 labeling sites much easier. Content creators that want
 to label should continue to demand such technologies
 and that such technologies be integrated into Web
 development applications. I expect that in the near
 future, many sites will be generated dynamically from
 databases; those databases will be indexed and
 structured by metadata. At which point, labels and
 rating will be integral to the creation of dynamic,
 customized sites. Search engines may also begin relying
 upon the useful information found in metadata to return
 more appropriate -- on "target" -- information to
 users.
 The consequence of not rating your site might be that
 if you have potentially illegal or offensive material
 you may draw regulatory attention upon yourself. Also,
 by not labeling you may be overlooked by those using
 filtering and content selection technologies. Most
 adult sites are more than happy to label and use
 filtering services, they want to attract those looking
 for the services they offer� while avoiding the
 difficulties associated with angry parents.
 ILPN:Thank you for your time.
 My pleasure.
Send us your comments on this article
Copyright 1997. All Rights Reserved
f r o n t  p a g e  |  a b o u t  |  b a c k  i s s u e s  |  s u b s c r i
b e  |  a d v e r t i s e

@_date: 1997-08-20 10:43:05
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: None 
I myself would never escrow my keys to anyone, regardless.  As far as I see it,  giving sensitive things like that to anyone but yourself is asking to be screwed.
Maybe we'll see a ban on assault plungers in a few years.  We may have to register our assault plungers as well.
FWIW, I wish someone would put a bounty on the murdering bastard marines who killed an innocent american defending himself against heavily armed fascists.  If we were half the damn great country we were in the beginning, he'd be plinking with an M-16A2, fu!
lly auto.  So if those bastards even twitched in the dark, they'd be ripped open like the pigs they are.
Government fascism and investigation.
They treat everyone like a criminal organization.
Yeah, an original version still goes underground each night.  It seems to me soon Mr. KlinToon might replace it with a replica, so he can light a joint with it.  "Ahhhh, thar's nuthin' like freedom to light uh joint!"
So remember, in the future, speaking nicely about the cypherpunks may get you a free midnight raid by the military, being used illegally on U.S. soil.
Well, I guess that fascist countries like France, China, Russia, Burma, etc. will consider us bombmakers.
If they aren't shut down and raided first, by freedom and privacy thefting Sons of bitches.
How about a "Defensive Weapons for Remailer users (except for Ratprick Oink)" charity.
So soon people like Phil Zimmerman, who believes in privacy for all, will be raided and stolen in the middle of the night, much like in 1984.
Well, luck be with you and shoot to kill people.
Time to make like Bob Marley and shoot the sheriff.
So now defending your home, something so basic of human rights its unabridgable, the right to live, essentially, is now illegal?  Fuck them all!!
Many fascist god-fearing quivering sheeple feel differently.
It's only dangerous, no, deadly, to fascist freedom-thefters like Freeh and "Flaming Davidian" Reno.  To freedom lovers, it's another tool of freedom, like guns, constitutions, and bombs.  Yes, BOMBS have won freedom, and guns as well.  As long as we excer!
size our right to defend freedom, our current gooberment will continue to crush those rights.  Guns were made for defense, especially towards tyrants.
All the more reason to arm yourself.  If you can't hide, then fortify yourself in your home, armed to the teeth to deter invader maggots like swat teams, Marines and BATF agents.
The best solution?  Nuke D.C., the current constitution, and reinstate the old one, start from scratch.  We've messed up the system, and it's time to start all over again.
Dead bodies of the soulless minions who inhabit fedral buildings, moving us toward Globalism.
A text file:
Using this analogy, the Constitution is the fence, my sovereignty
is my property. The contract has been moved more and more into my
"property". Do I protect the fence? No, I move it back to where it
was. Even if I have to kick my neighbors ass to do it.
But I see it slightly differently. The fence hasn't been moved. It's been
torn down and ripped apart. On my side of the fence is me, my family
and my possesions; including a nice big banana tree.
On the other side of the fence is a 400lb gorilla, just eyeing that
banana tree.
As the fence gets erroded by weather, insects and rodents, the gorilla
is getting bolder and bolder.
My solution is a) shoot the gorilla (100% effective, but somewhat
drastic) or b) rebuild the fence, kill the insects and poison the rats.
So to keep my bananas, I'm forced w/rebuilding the fence, or if that
fails, shoot the gorilla. I'd rather rebuild the fence, as that gorilla
can be mighty entertaining, but if the fence is coming down faster than
I can rebuild it, the gorilla is history.
So I ask you: Can we rebuild the fence or is it time to take aim?
To israelis, anyway.
Much like how some schills on the list blasted someone for weeping over the death of McVeigh.
"You can't be serious, he murdered innocent kids!"
"I hope McVeigh fries.  Same to his friend Terry.
I Hope the writer of that fries.  Along with those in government.
Can we rebuild?  I doubt it.
Therefore, sincerely,
LOCK AND LOAD.
"There's something wrong when modern military weapons can't be used by americans, but military weapons in 1776 were used daily by citizens."
Military uniforms aren't even speed-bumps for bullets entering them.

@_date: 1997-08-20 15:14:11
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright Infringement Website / Re: CPAC Quotes Templeton 
We are proud to offer you a variety of associated links to save
you valuable time while surfing the net.

@_date: 1997-08-20 15:47:00
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Status of Cypherpunks list sites? 
They can do wonderful things with people having multiple personalities
these days. You ought to check it out.

@_date: 1997-08-21 12:20:43
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: An end to "court appointed attorneys" 
Things Judges Love To Hear   "If you're going to be deciding my fate, would you mind peeing into
this cup for me? Nothing personal, you understand."

@_date: 1997-12-09 02:32:38
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Singapore & Freedom 
harish.pillay at brokat.com wrote
..much deleted text...
Please advise what industries and the companies involved.
This last sentence appears to have been taken right out the PAP
policy manual, and it is a good policy statement.  Educational
systems are generally engineered by society to help prepare the
students for life in that society.  In western societies the
educational system is engineered by a number of different groups
in that society in what is thought to be in the best interest of
the society.  Who is doing the planning in Singapore and for what
ends?  I believe you will find Elder Statesman Lee has a major
involvement at this time.  If you look you will find an
accelerated push to generate a more technical population. Children in Singapore start school at 5 years of age, after 5
years of schooling, what is the daily homework load for a 10 year
old student??  Three to 5 hours per day?  If this figure is not
correct please advise the correct figure.  What percentage of
parents feel compelled to hire tutors to enhance their child's
education or just so they get good grades?  Is 60% too low?? What type of bonuses do school principals receive, is it based on
the overall grade-point average of the students in their school? Why the big push?  Who is the primary beneficiary of this push? Is this being done for the benefit of the worker units or the
collective good of the controllers of the political group in
Harry and his buddies have done a fantastic job with Singapore
Inc. over the last 40 years.  Harry had a great vision and
splendid execution of that vision.  Problem now is that he is
rather long in the tooth and his people have changed.  Instead of
loosening up and allowing more democratic freedoms Harry and the
boys are finding excuses to state that Singaporeans must work
harder and expect less in the way of freedoms.  Harry has stated
many times that one of the biggest problems with western style
democracies is that the voters can defeat a perfectly good
government and install a bunch of goofs who spoil everything. True enough, we sometimes vote goofs into power, but at least we
have the choice.  Harry and the PAP have destroyed every bit of
political opposition or made the opposition unpalatable to the
Singapore is surrounded by the Muslim hordes who covet their
wealth and it has no internal security apparatus?  In the 50s
Singapore literally had a den of spies.  The regional den of
spies is now Bangkok.  Why do ya figure they all moved their
operations?? The Singaporeans politely asked them to leave?  Have
you ever had any dealings with your nation's security apparatus? If you did you would notice something strange.  You just got
picked up for something that happened last week but these people
know about your whole life.  They know how many hours you spend
at the office, when you are out of the country, who you socialize
with, and any vices you may have.  Maybe they really don't do the
Big Brother thing, they probably just have a crystal ball and got
lucky with a few guesses and bluffed the rest.  If you believe
this last statement I have a real deal for you on some excellent
used cars.
When the Singapore government announced their intent to connect
every household to the Internet they asked every citizen to
become an informant and watch their neighbors (neighbours) for
subversive activity and report any such activity to the
authorities.  Now, if you connect to those 100 restricted porn
sites and saved copies of all you viewed on your computer and the
authorities discovered that porn what would be your fate? Or are
you immune to this threat?
I notice your government does not like anonymous dissent either.
The standard procedure in Singapore in dealing with trouble
makers is to dig up their records, school, National Service,
employment, and whatever else they can get and then tear the poor
souls apart.  Harry has participated in this tactic many times.
Just so it will not bother you, I admit I am a low-life.  Dropped
out of school, fired from every job, do drugs, abuse alcohol,
guns, no church, beat my kids, beat my wife, beat my dog, and I
hang-out in second-rate strip-joints with bikers who deal drugs
and loanshark.  Plus I collect welfare.....
I use anonymous mail for many reasons.  The reason here should be
pretty obvious.

@_date: 1997-07-25 02:29:26
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: d-day 
What do you think about celebrating the expiration of the Diffie-Hellman
patent by getting all the PGP users in the world to switch to DSS/DH keys
all at once?
It would take a massive education effort, but imagine the effect... we
could even celebrate it annually, since there'd inevitably be significant

@_date: 1997-11-02 16:24:45
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Privacy Software 
Personally, I don't think it is that useful to draw up enemy lists.
It is clear PGP, Inc. cannot be relied upon to achieve our goals for
us.  I think a lot of people half expected something like this out of
them, anyway.  All that left wing politics and weird anti-business
stuff from the PGP crowd did not augur well.
The PGP source code is not the worst I've ever seen, but it's kind of
odd.  We should consider a rewrite, which gives us the added benefit
that it will be completely unencumbered.
It also gives us the opportunity to write it in a language other than
C, one which truly supports encapsulation.  C code is hard to verify
with great confidence because it is possible to obfuscate it and
introduce security holes.  This means that C requires one to trust the
authors to a greater extent than is desirable.
It would also be neat if the code were written outside the United
States and were put into the public domain.  If a company snaps it up
and bases a product on it - great!  The more people using the code the
The whole issue of compatibility is an interesting one.  Would it be a
good idea to have a cryptographic system which was completely
incompatible with PGP, given the Big Brother risk?
Something I've never liked about PGP is their approach to encrypting
to multiple keys.  For one thing, the PGP crowd seems overly
conservative with bit expenditure, which is silly because bits are
cheap.  This means that creating entirely separate messages is
completely economical.
It also introduces security risk.  Let's say one of the three public
keys used to encrypt a message has been compromised.  Let's say the
other two parties live in places where they aren't supposed to be
exposed to bad ideas.  Once one key is compromised, the other
recipients are compromised in receiving a forbidden message.
On the other hand, if they were separately encrypted, the link between
the three messages is not obvious.  And, even if the messages *are*
linked, it's still not obvious that the other recipients didn't get
something else.  It provides a lot of deniability.
So, perhaps a protocol which does not support anything more than one
encryption key per message would be a good idea.
Something else that bothers me about PGP is compression.  It strikes
me as bad design to build this into an encryption program.  Zimmermann
has suggested that this increases security.  I doubt this.  Modern
algorithms like IDEA (please correct me if I am wrong) have the
property that if you get one bit, you've got them all.
And, I wonder if compression doesn't actually weaken security?  Let's
say I forward a known message with some commentary.  Since the
compression tables will be known, it seems like the increased size of
the message could provide some interesting information about the
preceding commentary.  All by itself, this probably doesn't matter,
but combined with other information it might result in a breach.  In
any event, that which is ambiguous should be eliminated.
It would also be nice if the messages were padded to predetermined
sizes, say 10K, 20K, 40K, etc.  (Once compression is eliminated this
is less of an issue.)
Anyway, if Adam Back wanted to undertake it, a nice project would be
design a good cypherpunk communications protocol.  Simple, clean, and
It seems to me that issues like wiping the stack as every function
returns, the formats of key rings, and security measures on the users
computer should not be in a communications standard.
Some other features: maybe a hashcash field which makes it possible to
quickly weed out junk.  The challenge string could be related to the
key.  Also, it would be neat if the system were designed with
steganography in mind.
How about a one time pad mode?  One time pads are more practical than
widely believed.  Many things we talk about we *do* want to keep quiet
for the rest of our natural lives.  Our present tool set and practices
do not do this reliably.  (But, I could be persuaded that one time pad
mode is actually something which should tunnel inside the cypherpunks
communication protocol.  Might as well keep everything clean and
There's nothing wrong with paying people for their work!  It's even
desirable if you want tools to be available.
I am of two minds on this question.  Free software is pretty darned
neat.  It's extremely easy to deal with and it's nifty that you can
write and release something and tens of thousands of people end up
using it.  If the code is simply placed in the public domain, then
anybody can use it for any purpose they like.  This has appeal.
On the other hand, corporations can be a good way to get things done,
too.  It is possible that the PGP approach of giving away software was
ultimately a mistake because now people don't expect to have to pay for
their code.  Elimination of a crypto market might be a bad thing.
It's clear that going the corporate route has to be handled with some
care.  Given the political implications, investors have certain risks.
Also, many people seem to switch into a different mode as soon as they
have a company.  Anything which they perceive as increasing their
profits becomes good.  PGP, Inc. has gone this way, we've seen First
Virtual do some unsavory things, and even good old C2 has made a few
people uncomfortable.
It doesn't have to be this way, of course.  Look at Comsec Partners.
We don't see any "conversation recovery", lying press releases, or any
other nonsense from them, just a beautiful product.
The key probably has to do with understanding clearly what it is you
want to do.  If you know you want to promote privacy and free speech
and are willing to volunteer a substantial amount of your time to do
so, then foregoing some blood money or maintaining your integrity is a
lot easier to do.
What I like about selling software is that you could actually make
good living by doing the right thing.  And, after all, if you've spent
six months writing something, why shouldn't the users kick in a little
money instead of freeloading?  I would like to see more crypto users
in the habit of paying for tools and in the habit starting security
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-02 16:47:39
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: PGPsdk is out, but not for free 
1. It's not bad news because it didn't cost us anything for somebody
else to write it.  We are doing just as well as last week.
2. If the licensing fees are really high, this should be a good
opportunity for competing software.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-03 05:38:55
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Speech as co-conspiring? I don't think so. 
That's what their smart alecky lawyer will claim, anyway.  I am
confident that a jury made up of good red blooded Americans will see
through this sham.
The producers of the show certainly know that there are terrorist
elements and psychopaths who would be watching.  They know that these
people will be turned on by the imagery of a BATF agent being brutally
murdered.  They could have told the same story using different
imagery.  Instead of using graphic violence, they could have expressed
the idea of the BATF agent getting killed with a heartrending scene of
his wife getting the phone call.  That certainly would not have been
But they didn't.  The opted to go with a glorification of the act.
Why?  Incompetence won't wash - anybody getting to national TV has
spent years in the business and is a total pro.  They know what effect
they are having.
They glorified this act of violence to encourage others to do the
same.  Where is the FBI?  Why isn't anybody doing anything?  If the
life of only one BATF agent is spared, it will be worthwhile!  Think
of his poor wife and kids.
Remailers?  ;-)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-03 05:43:00
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: PGP compatibility 
Actually, the cry of "Infowar!" itself could be used as a disruptive
technique.  It undermines dialogue.  It breeds suspicion and paranoia.
It encourages people to think of those who disagree with them as The
Enemy.  It can be used by a mole for cover.
Gee, come to think of it, isn't Lucky the one who keeps trying to
demoralize everyone by saying that Big Brother is inevitable?
And, who was it that was waving around firearms at a Cypherpunks
meeting?  Isn't that a classic provocateur technique?  (See the Earth
First experience, for example.)
Now, I think it's unlikely that Lucky is a mole.  I'm just trying to
show that once you start witch hunting, it turns out that the supply
of witches tends to be highly responsive to demand.
The Back Technique of fighting Infowar seems to be effective.  Treat
the claims of the suspected Infowarrior as if they are credible and
carefully explain why there is an inaccuracy.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-03 06:53:11
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: democracy?! (fwd) 
[Long discussion about crypto-anarchy vs. democracy removed]
I suggest reframing the argument.  Right now, the discussion seems to
be: "If we were Gods, how would we institute a just political system
on these people."  Unfortunately, only a few Gods are reading the
cypherpunks list and they refuse to do our bidding.
The real question is: what should we do?
Our (oversimplified) choices:
1. Democracy: Participate in the political process by joining various
   organizations, lobbying, begging for money, voting, etc. etc.
2. Crypto-Anarchy: Write code, buy guns, make money, make more money,
   etc. etc.
The second choice is clearly better in terms of protecting your own
What if we want to protect the hides of other people?  I believe
choice 2 is still the better one.  In any event, this is the more
interesting discussion.
The problem with choice 1 is that even if you can convince yourself
that a group of people and an institution are sound and reliable
today, you do not know what it will be doing later on.  Choice 2, on
the other hand, is a low risk investment and brings you into contact
with a better group of people.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-04 07:26:31
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Why porn must be stopped at all costs, by Jodi Hoffman 
Hoffman's claim that she is unable to control what her child sees is
weak.  It's easy enough keep kids off the Net.  It's easy to buy
software that only reveals approved parts of the Net.
So what is it about our Constitution that Hoffman finds so offensive?
It certainly doesn't harm her own child.
If we were to be charitable, we would say that she is concerned about
other people's children seeing pornography.  The only problem is, that
the parents of these children are just as able as she is to control
their involvement with the Net.  Yet, apparently, she is unhappy with
the choices these parents are making and wishes to overrule them.  At
best, this is inconsistent with her claim that she believes parents
should decide what their own children see.
If we were to be accurate, instead of charitable, we would observe
that it is most likely that Hoffman is offended by pornography in
general, no matter who sees it.  For instance, this statement refers
to an adult, not a child: "So, keep protecting your porn-induced
Rather than stating her beliefs openly and honestly, she is hiding
behind children, particularly her own child, to put promote her
outrageous, unconstitutional, and un-American totalitarian policies.
(Hoffman may not even be completely conscious of her own motivations.
Often, this sort of person begins with an agenda, and then works him
or herself up into a rage using other reasons for the justification,
somewhat reminiscent of the "Two Minute Hate" sessions described in
Orwell's "1984".)
I said a few days ago that people who would use the excuse of
protecting children to promote their own twisted agenda are the lowest
of the low.  Hoffman is, I believe, a perfect example.  I pity her
This is also a good example of why the use of remailers is advisable.
It lowers the odds that some whacko will come after you with an axe.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-07 17:06:38
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
Mutual insurance companies are owned by the people who purchase their
policies.  The policy holders actually elect the management.  As there
are no policy holders who own a significant percentage of the
policies, the management of the companies do not have much feedback.
Surprisingly, they seem to function well.
However, these companies are not a thing of the past.  As of ten years
ago, the mutual life insurance companies managed about half the assets
in the life insurance market.
Many of them are quite old.  The Presbyterian Minister's Fund is the
oldest continuous life insurance company in the world.  It was founded
in 1759.
Mutuals are said to be formed when investors can't be found to provide
capital for the company.  A number of mutuals were formed in the
seventies to handle medical liability insurance which commercial
companies did not want to handle.  (It seems likely that somebody,
somewhere, was behaving irrationally. ;-)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-07 21:14:27
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Privacy Software 
Okay, Java sounds pretty good.  The native bigint library clinches it!
Aside from political correctness issues, why not?  It would also be
nice to have an encrypted SMTP channel which happens to be riding on
The more I think about the more the separation of authentication keys
from communication keys seems like the way to go.  If both parties can
connect to each other's machines in real time, then a negotiated key
which is discarded is great.  More often everybody's offline, but that
just means you have to publish many different communications keys,
perhaps sorted by hours.  (Given remailer lag you might have to keep
communications keys around for a day or two after expiration, but
that's not too bad.)
It's also complicated and hard to understand.  The Right Thing (TM) is
to simply solve the entropy problem correctly.
The problem with computers generating entropy is that they are
complicated machines which are designed to be deterministic.  While it
seems reasonable that keystrokes and mouse movements have some
entropy, its hard to really convince yourself that there couldn't be
patterns arising from the OS somehow.  For example, maybe the sample
times form weird patterns which are related to the scheduler.
By all means this can be XORed in, but it seems dangerous to rely upon
it if you are trying to be hardcore and use one time pads.
Most plausible failure modes in hardware should be detectable with the
usual tests for "randomness".
Software and computers are highly complex devices and we don't truly
understand every aspect of their operation.  We can say it's unlikely
that there are patterns in the bits they generate, but if we resorting
to one time pads, it seems to me that the entropy question has to be
nailed down completely.  (Not that I have a good solution, yet.  As
you pointed out, one time pads consume a lot of entropy.  It takes a
long time to flip a coin 1.5 MB * 1024 bytes/MB * 8 bits/byte times!)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-12 07:43:43
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Selling a Persistent Identity 
How would you sell a persistent identity with a good reputation?
The obvious method of selling the secret key doesn't work because the
buyer has to trust the seller not to resell it.  This could be solved
by revealing your True Name, but that's no fun.  A nym with a good
reputation for this sort of business could be used, but that wouldn't
be any fun either since it could link a series of identities with one
The only thing I can think of is to have a trusted party who creates
and manages the key.  When the owner of the key wants to sign
something, he or she sends it to the trusted party for signing and
transmission.  To sell the key, the trusted party is instructed to
accept the buyer's messages instead of the seller's.  The buyer and
the seller never actually possess the key themselves.
Is there a better way to do this?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-12 21:31:51
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Minor Language Note 
While it was not Tim's intention to make Jim look like a criminal, the
use of a defendent's full name is often used to connote criminality.
Lee Harvey Oswald, John Wilkes Booth, John Wayne Gacy, Richard Milhous
Nixon, William Jefferson Clinton... there are many examples.
I propose we call Jim by the name he calls himself: Jim Bell.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-12 21:32:36
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Databasix conspiracy theories 
If you are going to run a remailer, you had better expect that some of
the people who use it aren't going to be your friends.
And this has to be the lowest pressure attack on remailers that there
can be.  God forbid anybody should try for real to shut down the
remailer network.
This is understandable - running a remailer offers little tangible
On the other hand, if somebody were making $500,000 a year running a
remailer, they might defend it a little more vigorously.  And, if they
didn't, somebody in the Carribbean might be happy to snap up the
Here are two simple solutions: 1. charge hashcash 2. charge ecash.
This eliminates the spam problem.  It would probably reduce the
harrassment problem as well.
This is not a good idea.  I like being able to pump a few megabytes a
day through the remailer network to create cover traffic.  Right now
this would be an act of bad citizenship.
But, if we were paying for remailer usage it would be a good thing.
Good for me, good for the businesses I patronize.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-13 08:55:18
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Selling a Persistent Identity 
This arrangement has analogs in the real world.  When a doctor sells
his practice, the patients are all notified.  But, I think there are
some True Name issues.  The doctor tends to assure the patients that
he has carefully selected the new doctor.  People know the doctor and
as a consequence tend to believe him.
This isn't really true of an anonymous persistent identity.  Let's say
it was doing a significant amount of business.  If you knew that its
ownership had changed, you might hesitate before doing a deal which
had a lot of fraud exposure.
On the other hand, the purchaser of the identity has an investment
which he may not want to endanger.  If the identity cost $1 million
and the outstanding deals only amounted to $100,000, fraud would be a
bad deal for the owner.
One reason why trading anonymous identities is a good idea is that it
baffles pursuit.  Every time you use one, information is revealed.
Even if you are doing things like transmitting 100K to the remailers
every hour, from time to time your net connection will go down, or
whatever, and increase the odds that The Enemy will have a more
accurate picture of your True Name.  (This works best if the
transaction is handled privately.)
But, if the persistent identity starts operating from someplace else,
it makes those attacks quite a bit more difficult, especially if there
is no public announcement regarding the change of ownership.
The transaction makes sense even if two identities of equal value are
(BTW, "Monty Cantsin" a.k.a. 0x5857856C436435C2D70FE503CA4E4190F766AD3
4E5B75A66DD63977EE4B18EDF6D266AAD62349696B634A6447FF9 is not for sale.
After using one persistent identity for awhile, you become emotionally
attached to it!)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-13 08:57:33
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Secure Hashing for Entropy 
Let's say you are using the entropy to create a session key for a
symmetric cipher.  If The Enemy can guess the session key, you have
already lost the game.  It doesn't matter if the original
entropy-containing string can be guessed because the hash was weak.
If your entropy source is weak and the original string can be guessed,
then you've lost the game even if the hash function is strong.  The
Enemy knows how to compute hashes as well as you do.
But, I think I now see a way a secure hash can sort of help you.
Let's say you have an entropy source which gives you a base 3 number
of arbitrary length.  There is no even way to map base 3 numbers into
base 2 numbers.  Use of a hash function obscures the mapping.
For example, we want a random 8 bit number.  We can get this by
generating a 6 digit base 3 number, P, and computing P mod 2^8.
This has the unappealing property that it overlaps unevenly.
3^6 = 729 = 2 * 256 + 217.
There is an 89.3% chance that the resulting number will be between 0
and 216, inclusive.  The probability should be 84.7%.  This gives The
Enemy an edge if there are a number of messages to be broken.  The
cost to guarantee a break on a particular message is still the same.
The use of a secure hash means that we can hope that the nature of the
overlap cannot be determined.
The downside is that there are no secure hash functions whose
properties are completely understood.  All we know for sure is that
not much is really known to the public.
So, the secure hash function in your crypto system could be reducing
your effective entropy substantially if your entropic strings just
happen to hash down to a smaller subset of possible hashes than
expected.  The use of the secure hash function may obscure what is
happening from The Enemy.  All we know for sure is that it obscures it
from ourselves.
Ideally, we want to match our sources of entropy with the base of the
random number desired and eliminate the question.
In the field, the most widely available and reliable entropy generator
is a six sided die.  If we are using a cipher which takes a base 2
key, this is inconvenient.  You can only get one really good bit out
of each throw.
How hard would to be to construct a secure symmetric cipher which
accepted a base 6 key?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-13 08:57:55
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: FREE PSYCHOANLYSIS NIGHT ON THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST!!! 
It's not too hard to figure out what is going on here.  I don't think
there is much question that Tim is the backbone of the list.  The
collective output of his critics has yet to reach even 10% of his
Of course, writing interesting articles is hard work.  It's easier to
rain on the parade.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-13 08:58:11
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
As Michel Foucault used to say, "The only guarantee of freedom is
freedom itself."  Put another way, "rights which are not exercised are
lost."  We don't see Freeh and Reno backing off so they don't become
poster children for cryptoanarchy, do we?
Just because free speech is a right guaranteed under the Constitution
does not mean that is necessarily a safe right to exercise.  Let us
hope that Tim does not come to harm.  But, let us also give him the
credit he deserves for having the courage to speak his mind.
I've been reading about a newspaper called the "Aurora" which operated
in the 1790s from Philadelphia.  It made itself very unpopular with
Washington by claiming he was not the "Father of the Country".  It
made itself doubly unpopular with Adams for other less than
respectful, but astute, observations.
People said exactly the same things that Hettinga is saying here.  If
they would only behave (i.e., go along with anything), then they
wouldn't have to be censored.
Even though the editors were attacked and beaten, imprisoned, and
charged with Federal crimes, they persevered.  It would not be
unreasonable to say that Jefferson owed his Presidency to their
efforts.  Indeed, it would not be too much to say that the
Constitution (which failed to protect them) might not have survived
without their efforts.
A few courageous people doing the right thing at the right time make a
big difference.  This does not happen by kowtowing to whichever
malfeasant tyrant happens to be in power.  When you are asked to wear
a yellow star, you can be pretty sure that doing so will not save you.
Also, let us not pretend that Tim's gun collection is much protection.
It may delay capture or raise the price of execution of a no-knock
warrant, but if the Powers That Be don't want Tim around, then he's
gone.  It could be a "lone nut" with a sniper rifle, it could be a
"heart attack", it could be a rock star's plane "accidently" hitting
the house: there are many ways to take care of troublemakers.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-13 11:27:18
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Minor Language Note 
We don't usually think of these people as defendants.
I did not say that the use of middle names was required for
My opening sentence was intended to be friendly.  It was supposed make
clear that it was not suggested that you thought Jim Bell was a
criminal.  Certainly that was obvious, but a little redundancy never
hurts.  It looks like the meaning didn't convey properly, so I'm sorry
if I seemed to be psychoanalyzing you.
It's generally considered courteous to call people by the name they
wish to be called.  Jim Bell seems to go by the name "Jim Bell".
(This would not hold if somebody makes an inappropriate request such
as asking to be addressed as "James Dalton Bell, Defender of the
Faith, God of Vengeance, and Lord of the Universe.")
Back to the original point, I believe that it's hard to find instances
in which two-named people are involuntarily converted to three-named
people when they are not charged with a crime.  Lee Oswald became "Lee
Harvey Oswald" after the Kennedy Assassination, for example.
I've also noticed that Wardens have a marked tendency to refer to
inmates on death row by their first name, even when speaking publicly.
As in, "Don's death was very upsetting as it was obviously very
painful."  (Paraphrased from a real example.)
I believe the wardens are expressing a few things with this name
choice.  One is that they have complete power over the inmate.
Teachers call children by their first names, and it seems to me that
there is an element of that here.  (Admittedly, this is a troubling
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-13 21:19:52
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
While Blanc is only joking, I want to take this opportunity to comment
on the Find The Mole game.
Moles look just like everyone else.  Speculation on who is actually a
provocateur or an informant or a saboteur or whatever only has the
purpose of creating unhappiness and undermining anything worthwhile
that is going on.
It is likely that there are informants lurking amongst the
cypherpunks.  The secret police watch and infiltrate far less
interesting groups, and this one has received more than its share of
publicity.  (In a couple of decades we'll probably learn who they
were.  Hopefully things will work out in such a way that this will be
worth a good laugh.)
The right thing to do is to assume there are a certain number of moles
around and engineer your activities accordingly.  If you really think
you can Find The Mole, then I would think your first step is to keep
quiet about what you are doing.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-13 21:20:30
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Laws Controlling Speech 
Laws prohibiting speech are notoriously difficult to define and to
enforce impartially.  They quickly evolve into a blank check for the
authorities.  (Note that even if these laws didn't have this property,
Monty Cantsin would oppose them.)
OJ is fair game because the authorities would like to see him in
prison.  The judge is not fair game because he is a judge and this is
a list with a bad attitude.
The wonderful thing about language is that it is infinitely malleable.
You could write a play in which a prominent character was a bear.
Sounds harmless, right?  In 1969 in Czechoslovakia, this is how people
wrote unfriendly plays about the Russians.
Child porn is notoriously difficult to define.  A few years ago there
was a case in which a convicted child pornographer or molester (my
memory fails) was paroled.(1.) One of the conditions was that he was
not to have any child pornography.  Later, he was found with a
videotape of children in bathing suits and his parole was revoked.
The children were not involved with any sexual acts, however, the
judge decided that the motion of the camera was overly suggestive.
A few years ago I saw an ad for soap in which cute little girls were
cast in the roles that lovely adult women usually play.  To most
people, this was an amusing and even charming advertisement.  But,
were similar footage found in the hands of a child molester there
would be serious legal consequences.
Pornography in general is not so hard to define.  If the material in
question is enjoyed by working class people and is inexpensive to
purchase, then it is pornography.  If the material is enjoyed by
wealthy or "cultured" people, hangs in a museum, and would be
expensive to purchase, then for the most part it is Art and not
Let's take Michelangelo.  Here is an artist who seldom portrays women.
(I know of no instance, actually.)  When the image of a woman was
unavoidable to the work, he used male models anyway.  (The Sibyls in
the Sistine Chapel are a good example.)  It is quite obvious that a
large proportion of his work is, in fact, homoerotic in nature.  Yet,
it has been promoted for centuries because it was primarily enjoyed by
ruling elites.  For that matter, consider the centuries long
fascination with images of Christ and the Saints undergoing various
tortures.  Clearly homoerotic in many cases and juxtaposing images of
pain and death with sex.  Remove the religious imagery, and anybody
found painting or possessing such work will generally be relegated to
the fringes of society.
When speech is regulated, the meaning of the speech is defined by
whether the speaker is in favor with the authorities.  This is well
understood by the people who propose and pass these laws.  Their
intention is not only to suppress bad ideas, but to liberate the
government from the annoying inconvenience of obeying the law, most
especially (but not exclusively) with regard to the government's
political opponents.
And, as we all know, this issue is particularly insidious when it
comes to laws prohibiting free encrypted speech.  The art of
steganography has reached the point where anything can be "shown" to
be a secret message of some kind.  Should it be decided to truly
enforce these laws, it will be done by letting the cops off the leash
to do whatever they please to whomever they like.
(1. Why we parole child molesters so we can imprison drug users is
beyond me.  It has every appearance of complete insanity on the part
of the authorities.  Or, I suppose, it could mean they don't really
care about kids in spite of all their talk on the subject.)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-14 06:23:44
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Physician heal thyself!  Much of your discussion consists of ad
hominem attacks with little content such as the paragraph quoted
The Foucault discussion quoted is worth reading.  Unfortunately, it's
been a long time and I cannot provide a reference.
At any rate, the upshot of his argument was that there are often
attempts to ensure freedom, but in reality it can only be assured
through its exercise.
He gave the example of a building in France which was designed to make
people feel free.  Instead of winding little corridors and small rooms
where people would be locked away, it had a large open courtyard and
it was designed so that when you entered the building, everybody could
see you and you could see them.
Foucault argued that in the context of people who are free, this
building would have the intended effect.  In the context of a fearful
and oppressive society, the effect would be quite the opposite.
Everybody would feel that they were being watched all the time.
If Tim believes that a judge has committed a capital crime, I want to
hear about it.  If Tim and others fail to exercise their right to say
what they believe, then it is likely those rights will be suspended in
due time.
It seems to me that Tim said "The judge in the Paladin case committed
a capital crime" and not "The judge in the Paladin case committed a
capital crime and should be gunned down in the streets like a dog."
Tim is a good writer.  If he meant the latter I am sure he would have
written the latter.  If anything, the term "capital crime" suggests a
legal proceeding.
Personally, I don't consider violation of oath of office a capital
crime.  But, the judge should be fired.  He clearly isn't taking the
Constitution very seriously.
I don't understand why you keep insulting Tim.  Your first post was
insulting and comments like these are likewise insulting.
The book I am reading is called "The Aurora: A Democratic-Republican
Returns" by Richard N. Rosenfeld.
We must be reading different books.  The Supreme Court did nothing
while the Executive Branch ran rampant.  My guess is that the members
of the Court identified with the political faction represented by the
Adams administration.  Incidentally, it has only been during the 20th
century that the Court has protected the Bill of Rights in any
significant way.
After the editor of "The Aurora" was publicly beaten by Federal
troops, citizens of Philadelphia formed an armed militia and stood
guard outside the offices of the newspaper.  That's why it wasn't
Here's an example of what was going on (pp: 526-527):
The Alien and Sedition Acts had a built in expiration period at the
end of Adams's term so that they couldn't be used against the party
that passed them.  They also did not apply to speech against the Vice
President, Thomas Jefferson, who did not belong to the Adams faction.
When Jefferson was elected he pardoned everybody who was tried under
these acts.
Abigail Adams apparently wrote him about these pardonings.  She had
been quite enthused about the suppression of free speech in the United
States and was upset that people who insulted her husband, in her
view, would be allowed to go unpunished.  Jefferson's reply (page
The Constitutional mechanisms to preserve liberty all failed, except
for the election of 1800.
Abigail Adams (page 84):
1. Publius was John Jay, Alexander Hamilton, and James Madison.  Jay
and Hamilton were leaders of the party attempting to subvert the
2. The Federalist version of the Constitution was intended to have
aristocratic elements - the Senate and the President.  Adams even
suggested privately that the Senators should have life long terms and
that Senate seats should be hereditary.
3. The separation of powers failed completely during the Adams
administration.  The Federalists had control of the Congress, the
Executive Branch, and, I suspect, the Supreme Court.
4. The rights and freedoms of Americans were protected only by the
fact that the voters threw the bastards out.  Something to keep in
mind when people tell us that the voters are less trustworthy than
career politicans.
5. The Supreme Court did nothing.
6. Jefferson did not write the Bill of Rights.  He was in France at
the time and was pleased to hear these amendments had been added to
the Constitution.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-14 06:32:36
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Physician heal thyself!  Much of your discussion consists of ad
hominem attacks with little content such as the paragraph quoted
The Foucault discussion quoted is worth reading.  Unfortunately, it's
been a long time and I cannot provide a reference.
At any rate, the upshot of his argument was that there are often
attempts to ensure freedom, but in reality it can only be assured
through its exercise.
He gave the example of a building in France which was designed to make
people feel free.  Instead of winding little corridors and small rooms
where people would be locked away, it had a large open courtyard and
it was designed so that when you entered the building, everybody could
see you and you could see them.
Foucault argued that in the context of people who are free, this
building would have the intended effect.  In the context of a fearful
and oppressive society, the effect would be quite the opposite.
Everybody would feel that they were being watched all the time.
If Tim believes that a judge has committed a capital crime, I want to
hear about it.  If Tim and others fail to exercise their right to say
what they believe, then it is likely those rights will be suspended in
due time.
It seems to me that Tim said "The judge in the Paladin case committed
a capital crime" and not "The judge in the Paladin case committed a
capital crime and should be gunned down in the streets like a dog."
Tim is a good writer.  If he meant the latter I am sure he would have
written the latter.  If anything, the term "capital crime" suggests a
legal proceeding.
Personally, I don't consider violation of oath of office a capital
crime.  But, the judge should be fired.  He clearly isn't taking the
Constitution very seriously.
I don't understand why you keep insulting Tim.  Your first post was
insulting and comments like these are likewise insulting.
The book I am reading is called "The Aurora: A Democratic-Republican
Returns" by Richard N. Rosenfeld.
We must be reading different books.  The Supreme Court did nothing
while the Executive Branch ran rampant.  My guess is that the members
of the Court identified with the political faction represented by the
Adams administration.  Incidentally, it has only been during the 20th
century that the Court has protected the Bill of Rights in any
significant way.
After the editor of "The Aurora" was publicly beaten by Federal
troops, citizens of Philadelphia formed an armed militia and stood
guard outside the offices of the newspaper.  That's why it wasn't
Here's an example of what was going on (pp: 526-527):
The Alien and Sedition Acts had a built in expiration period at the
end of Adams's term so that they couldn't be used against the party
that passed them.  They also did not apply to speech against the Vice
President, Thomas Jefferson, who did not belong to the Adams faction.
When Jefferson was elected he pardoned everybody who was tried under
these acts.
Abigail Adams apparently wrote him about these pardonings.  She had
been quite enthused about the suppression of free speech in the United
States and was upset that people who insulted her husband, in her
view, would be allowed to go unpunished.  Jefferson's reply (page
The Constitutional mechanisms to preserve liberty all failed, except
for the election of 1800.
Abigail Adams (page 84):
1. Publius was John Jay, Alexander Hamilton, and James Madison.  Jay
and Hamilton were leaders of the party attempting to subvert the
2. The Federalist version of the Constitution was intended to have
aristocratic elements - the Senate and the President.  Adams even
suggested privately that the Senators should have life long terms and
that Senate seats should be hereditary.
3. The separation of powers failed completely during the Adams
administration.  The Federalists had control of the Congress, the
Executive Branch, and, I suspect, the Supreme Court.
4. The rights and freedoms of Americans were protected only by the
fact that the voters threw the bastards out.  Something to keep in
mind when people tell us that the voters are less trustworthy than
career politicans.
5. The Supreme Court did nothing.
6. Jefferson did not write the Bill of Rights.  He was in France at
the time and was pleased to hear these amendments had been added to
the Constitution.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-14 21:40:24
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Anonymous What would be the most effective way of managing the problem you
Probably by writing the kinds of articles you would like to see on the
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-14 21:41:01
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Find the Mole in the Mirror 
No, I mean a real mole.  The kind that gets people killed or
Actually, the nature of this particular group imposes some twists on
Find The Mole.  If this were some church group, and we tapped the
phone of a suspected mole, and all we could get is 3DES encrypted
speech, we could be pretty sure we found one.  But that doesn't work
around here.  Anytime you see somebody doing something unusual, it is
just as likely to mean it's Just Another Cypherpunk Who Is Up To
Likewise, operators of a mole will have a terrible time determining
mole loyalty.  A problem with informants is that they sometimes
discover the target group is made up of pretty reasonable people and
go native.  And since using remailers is part of the cover...
Moles can burrow in two directions.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-15 07:01:03
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Are you asking me to use Foucault's line without giving him credit?
That doesn't seem right to me.
Foucault's essay was insightful and significantly influenced my point
of view.  Not only does he deserve the credit, but mentioning his name
may direct other interested readers toward his work.
BTW, how much of Foucault have you actually read?  I am generally
unfamiliar with his work, but I have a sinking feeling the same can be
said for certain of his critics.
It is easy to give French intellectuals a cursory reading and conclude
that there is nothing there.  However, often there is quite a lot of
something there, but it comes from people with a different
intellectual tradition than our own so it is harder to understand.  An
apparently absurd sentence is often a reference to a body of work with
which we are not familiar.
No, in the first case the possibility of a fair trial with an
impartial jury exists.  They are different statements.
Tim has repeatedly made it clear to the world that this was not his
meaning.  What is your purpose in declaring otherwise?
In every other instance in which Tim has discussed capital punishment,
it has been in the context of a trial.
If OJ had committed a brutal murder in a state without the death
penalty, say Massachusetts, and Tim said "OJ is guilty of a capital
crime", would you conclude that he was calling for his murder?
Clearly that would not be reasonable.  So why do you feel the meaning
changes when "OJ" is substituted for "The judge"?  Perhaps you harbor
latent urges to murder our public officials and wish to draw attention
from yourself by pointing the finger  You seem to be talking
about it more than anybody else.
When you drive do you always wear your seat belt, or just when you are
going to have an accident?
Incidentally, it is well documented that in the 1980s, the USG had
detailed plans for mass arrests of dissident citizens.  Ten army camps
had been selected for this purpose.  The plan was to be executed in
the event the country invaded Nicaragua.  The USG has incarcerated
masses of U.S. citizens without trial at least twice during the 20th
To claim it cannot happen again seems a little naive.
You certainly take your medicine like a man.  Good.
Hamilton wrote 51 of the essays, Madison 26, Jay 5, and 3 were written
jointly by Madison and Hamilton.
If you are saying he attempted to subvert the Constitution, this
letter will be of interest.  (May 20, 1798 Madison to Jefferson):
Perhaps it is your turn to crack open a book and find the reference.
I would be quite interested (and surprised) if you can substantiate
your claim.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-16 21:44:17
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Wait a second.  Are you claiming that because one (1.) racist is on a
list, that everybody on the list is a racist?  How curious.
Could this be an artifact of Japanese culture?  I have heard that
Japanese culture emphasizes collective responsibilty to a higher
degree than in the United States.  So, for instance, a group like this
one would be both more formally regulated and also informally socially
regulated.  That is, when Tim makes some sort of comment, everybody
else would be somehow responsible for it.
I am glad this is not that kind of group.  I believe such groups are
not very interesting and have difficulty exploring novel ideas.
Perhaps it would be better to think of this list as a park which can
be visited by anybody in the world.
(1. Even that one is greatly in doubt!)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-16 21:44:33
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Racism: Wrong or incorrect? 
Racism is one of those very interesting topics to discuss because
large areas of the discussion are forbidden territory.
Is racism wrong or is it incorrect?  The most generally held belief in
the United States is that it is wrong to express racist ideas
publicly, but that many of these ideas are, in fact, correct.  Most
white Americans truly believe in their innermost hearts that black
Americans are fundamentally more violent, less intelligent, and to be
pitied.  At the same time, many of these white Americans believe they
are committing some sort of sin in having these beliefs.
If the belief is true, how can it be sinful to believe it?  If it is
not true, then why believe it?
A good friend was driving through the American South recently.  He is
not of the dominant racial group.  He was involved in more than one
scary incident on his drive.  What was initially surprising to me was
that he said he sort of preferred the South to the North because at
least in the South people were more "up front."  When you think about
it for a minute that makes a lot of sense.  Who would want to spend
time with people who are patronizing?
This can be seen in just about every aspect of the racial policies of
the United States government.  The fundamental assumption of an
affirmative action program is that nobody would actually want to hire
a member of the subordinate ethnic group.  When somebody chooses to
hire based on ethnicity it doesn't hurt their business in most cases.
The advocates of affirmative action claim not be racists, yet we
rarely find them promoting racial integration in the work place by
advertising the fantastic deal which is available by hiring people who
are irrationally discriminated against by other employers.  We must
conclude that many advocates of affirmative action believe that the
subordinate group is actually inferior in many ways.
It's good for people to discuss their ideas.  That's how we arrive at
truth and mutual understanding.  It is terribly unfortunate that
discussions of racism, which is allegedly an important topic, have
been methodically discouraged for a number of decades in the United
On one hand, I would prefer Tim had not made his "go now, chop chop"
posts.  I would like to see Nobuki Nakatuji stay around, write code,
master English, American culture, and Cypherpunk Life.  Tim's comments
may not promote that.
On the other hand, I'm not sure it's a good idea to discourage
anyone's explorations into certain highly forbidden areas.  Somehow
the work of Robert Crumb comes to mind.  Crumb has dallied with a
number of forbidden racial and sexual ideas.  I can't even say I like
the feeling or the tone of his work, yet, somehow, there is something
of value there which is hard to articulate.
Of course, what is most interesting about Tim's comments is that he
appears to be out on the end of three bell curves in the United
1. He does not believe (I think) that it is morally wrong to have a
racist belief.
2. He does not believe racist beliefs are a correct description of
3. He says what he thinks.
Another curious aspect of the taboos on racial discussions is the
weird racially defined double standard of conduct.  Black power is
more or less an acceptable topic of discussion.  White power is
absolutely not.  Why?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-16 21:44:43
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: This judge needs killing 
Anonymous This is simply untrue.  In several instances I have argued against the
use of violence as impractical.  (It's also distasteful.)
Incidentally, who is it that should be creating articles that express
your beliefs?  Since you haven't seen the quantity of articles
opposing violence that you would like, perhaps you wouldn't mind
telling us why you haven't been writing them?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-16 21:45:10
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: This judge needs killing 
There is probably a double standard in play here.  (BTW, one advantage
of persistent identity is that it creates a context for the discussion
which makes it possible to explore deeper ideas.)
Very few people eschew violence completely or are overly troubled by
the deaths of innocents in the process...
..so when you claim that nobody with any moral sense would favor
violence, you have essentially declared that most of the human race is
without moral sense.  It's an interesting proposition, but it is by no
means obvious that it is true.
Also, it is puzzling that you have singled out a few subscribers to
this list for attention.  There are literally millions of people all
over the globe who are actively involved with planning and executing
horrible acts of violence.  In this company, the readers of this list
are pretty insignificant.  I do not know of a single act of violence
associated with any list member.  In practice, you would be hard
pressed to find a more peaceful group anywhere in the world.
One of the things that appeals to me about the tools the cypherpunks
are developing is the likelihood that they will end war.  What
percentage of wars are instigated and organized by governments?  That
is, how many wars can we think of in which a war originated in the
population of country and dragged its unwilling government into the
fray?  I cannot think of any.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-18 03:45:09
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
I am of the opinion that Hettinga still has some value, but he should
work on his style and do a little more homework before posting.
I think what he is trying to convey is relentless positive energy and
friendliness.  This may work in person, but it tends to fail in ASCII.
He also doesn't seem to be aware that a good portion of his articles
are insulting.  It's somewhat understandable if he is a recovering
Democrat.  I've seen cases like this before and they are treatable.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:04:49
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: The Illusion of Freedom 
Sounds like a good deal.
However, most people who engage in war are not in any sense free and
the single most apparent feature of life in a military organization is
the elimination of freedom and privacy.
It is most often the case that in order to wage war, one must first
become enslaved.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:05:24
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Overcoming War with Information 
Governmentally inclined organizations stir up violence and trouble all
the time to strengthen their positions.  I would make a more extreme
statement and say that the source of most wars are governments.  The
counter example would be a war in which a government was dragged
unwillingly to the battlefield by its people.  Can anybody think of a
single counter example?  I cannot, but there might be one or two.
How much of this violence arises spontaneously and how much of it is
instigated by politicians?  I haven't studied the dissolution of
Yugoslavia, but it seems likely that the new governments which were
formed strengthened their somewhat weak positions through the
instigation of violence.  The post-Yugoslav governments probably
cooperated in creating hatreds and division to lock in their rule.
This can be hard to study because usually we don't have access to the
people doing this, their files, or their communications.
There are instructive examples, however.  On Christmas Day, 1914, the
men in the trenches in France stopped fighting and left their trenches
to celebrate the day together.  Officers on both sides worked very
hard to make sure nothing so terrible would ever happen again!
It's hard to understand what terrible thing would have occurred if
World War I were simply called off.
Preventing war entirely might be hard.  But, we can certainly create
tools and customs which make it possible for many people to evade
participation in a war.  For instance, widely available highly liquid
assets means that it is possible to be somewhat independent of a
particular nation.  This means that spending a few years outside a
warring nation is far more practical.  If things settle down, you can
go back home.  If not, stay away!
A good real life example is the Jewish people living in Germany.  They
were not allowed to take their assets with them.  If you were worth,
say, $500,000 and your choice was to lose it all or stay in the
country, you might persuade yourself that things had already hit
bottom and if you just stuck it out, you wouldn't lose your life or
your fortune.  This is a bad decision to have to make.
If we think of human beings as points in a graph and their
relationships as the edges we can create a nifty model of the world of
the future.  Right now, nations are sets of people whose relationships
are almost entirely confined to the set.  The elites of nations have
some contact with each other, but for the most part nations are
disjoint sets.
What the Net and cypherpunkly tools create is a world in which there
are not easily identified disjoint sets because any particular net of
relationships that a person has tends to overlap the relationship nets
of other people who have a dissimilar set of relationships.
This is a more reliable and robust world to live in because there is a
great deal of redundancy.  That is, the elites of two countries cannot
conspire to use their respective sets of serfs as cannon fodder in
some ill advised adventure.  It's hard to get excited about a war run
by people who are not your friends against people who happen to live
in another part of the world but with whom you have a relationship.
You are entirely right in your observation that the governments of the
world work hard at keeping the sets of people disjoint from each other
without appearing to do so.  My favorite example is the outrageous
taxes imposed on cross border communications.
Personally, I like the approach of finding easy ways to do things.  I
don't think the nature of the situation requires an all or nothing
approach.  Let's say crypto is completely outlawed in the United
States and the phones are all tapped.  It still won't be possible to
suppress an underground press since the reproduction costs are so low.
In the past people have managed to publish underground newspapers
under extremely harsh conditions.  Nowadays it's as hard as copying a
I believe that the things we do to move in a forward direction are
additive, just like money.  This goes for techniques we develop as
well as people who are involved in our projects.
We should design our systems so that they do not rely on the goodwill
of the masses.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:05:56
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Violence and depravity 
I suppose it could be true that after consideration, only a morally
bad or evil person would view positively the Oklahoma City bombing.
However, the discussion is valuable and it is a productive one in
which to engage.  The morality of war is an exceptionally important
question to resolve.
What is interesting about Timothy McVeigh's world view is how
astonishingly similar it is to the view of most people in the
organizations he is attacking or, indeed, the view of most people in
American society or even the world.  In general, the massacre of
innocents is considered "depraved" when the acts are committed by
those far from the levers of power.  The USG was exposed to some
criticism in the Gulf War, but much less than would be proportional to
the number of innocents who died.  For the most part, the people who
die in modern war are non-combatants.
McVeigh apparently found it to be acceptable to kill, for the most
part, a bunch of office workers to get at his actual target the ATF
offices on the top floor of the building.  (I have no idea whether he
knew of the day care center and whether this would have affected his
decisions.)  Generally, when a military mind is confronted with a
shield of innocents, the innocents won't last long.
Once this reasoning is accepted, and it is widely, the real question
is whether the war is justified.  After seeing the horrifying picture
of the body of an 8 year old girl who was gassed and then burned at
Waco, it's difficult to dismiss war as a moral and just response.  For
those who have not seen this picture, the poor child's arms and legs
were horribly twisted into unnatural positions as a consequence of
cyanide poisoning which causes muscles to violently contract.  The
muscles in the back and on the back of the legs are stronger than the
other muscles.  In executions, the contractions can be so violent as
to break bones.
Gassing is particularly hard on children as they typically will not
have closely fitting gas masks.  (Children come in all sizes, but the
available gas masks may often do not.)
While some aspects of what happened at Waco are debatable, there is no
question that representatives of the United States government
consciously decided to gas the people in the house.  This was not a
mistake made in a time critical situation.  It was carefully planned.
It is my sense that we must not allow these sorts of acts to occur in
the future.  I feel quite strongly about this.
"The System" failed to prevent the murders and it failed to prosecute
even a single Federal official for the crimes committed.  Crimes which
can certainly be compared to "crimes against humanity".  Little seems
to be publicly known of the responsibility of the various levels of
the chain of command.  We do know that there was a great deal of
communication with the highest levels of the United States government.
William Jefferson Clinton and Janet Reno may not be guilty of
premeditated murder.  But, a series of fair trials would have cleared
up this question.  Instead, some of the surviving victims were tried.
Given that the government itself committed the atrocities and the
mechanisms to discourage future atrocities through public condemnation
and punishment were not invoked, it is clear that the solution will
not come from "within the system."
McVeigh apparently decided that the proper response was a war on the
United States government with the attendant loss of innocents.  This
decision expresses a moral code indistinguishable from that of most
officials in the government itself.  McVeigh even implied that his
government is his "great teacher"!  In my view, this is an error.
Surely we can choose better moral teachers than the United States
Returning to Tim May's comment that he was feeling sympathetic with
Tim McVeigh's decisions, it seems to me that it is understandable why
such a thought would cross the mind of a person who is not morally bad
or evil.  However, it may be that after thought and discussion that a
person with sound morals and good intentions may also decide that
McVeigh's actions should not be emulated.  The important word here is
"discussion".  The interesting property of discussion is that one does
not always know at the beginning what one will believe at the end.
That's why they are worth having.  That's why it is not "utterly
depraved, sick, and vicious" for somebody to discuss an idea, even one
with which we do not agree.
Most people are not pacifists.  Brian Riley related an experience
he had in Vietnam in which somebody came running out of the bushes
with a bayoneted SKS rifle.  It would be hard to find anybody who
wouldn't do the obvious thing in this situation.
That said, I do not believe that McVeigh did the right thing.  Few of
his victims can be said to be responsible for the actions taken at
Waco.  And the problem with the use of violence is that it is hard to
control and the consequences of the act are often hard to predict.
Violence is often dangerous to the user.  Those participating in the
use of organized violence seldom have much choice in the targets,
type, or quantity of the violence employed.
Violence is, in nearly every case, a poor investment of time, money,
and energy.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:06:33
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Overcoming War with Information 
Governmentally inclined organizations stir up violence and trouble all
the time to strengthen their positions.  I would make a more extreme
statement and say that the source of most wars are governments.  The
counter example would be a war in which a government was dragged
unwillingly to the battlefield by its people.  Can anybody think of a
single counter example?  I cannot, but there might be one or two.
How much of this violence arises spontaneously and how much of it is
instigated by politicians?  I haven't studied the dissolution of
Yugoslavia, but it seems likely that the new governments which were
formed strengthened their somewhat weak positions through the
instigation of violence.  The post-Yugoslav governments probably
cooperated in creating hatreds and division to lock in their rule.
This can be hard to study because usually we don't have access to the
people doing this, their files, or their communications.
There are instructive examples, however.  On Christmas Day, 1914, the
men in the trenches in France stopped fighting and left their trenches
to celebrate the day together.  Officers on both sides worked very
hard to make sure nothing so terrible would ever happen again!
It's hard to understand what terrible thing would have occurred if
World War I were simply called off.
Preventing war entirely might be hard.  But, we can certainly create
tools and customs which make it possible for many people to evade
participation in a war.  For instance, widely available highly liquid
assets means that it is possible to be somewhat independent of a
particular nation.  This means that spending a few years outside a
warring nation is far more practical.  If things settle down, you can
go back home.  If not, stay away!
A good real life example is the Jewish people living in Germany.  They
were not allowed to take their assets with them.  If you were worth,
say, $500,000 and your choice was to lose it all or stay in the
country, you might persuade yourself that things had already hit
bottom and if you just stuck it out, you wouldn't lose your life or
your fortune.  This is a bad decision to have to make.
If we think of human beings as points in a graph and their
relationships as the edges we can create a nifty model of the world of
the future.  Right now, nations are sets of people whose relationships
are almost entirely confined to the set.  The elites of nations have
some contact with each other, but for the most part nations are
disjoint sets.
What the Net and cypherpunkly tools create is a world in which there
are not easily identified disjoint sets because any particular net of
relationships that a person has tends to overlap the relationship nets
of other people who have a dissimilar set of relationships.
This is a more reliable and robust world to live in because there is a
great deal of redundancy.  That is, the elites of two countries cannot
conspire to use their respective sets of serfs as cannon fodder in
some ill advised adventure.  It's hard to get excited about a war run
by people who are not your friends against people who happen to live
in another part of the world but with whom you have a relationship.
You are entirely right in your observation that the governments of the
world work hard at keeping the sets of people disjoint from each other
without appearing to do so.  My favorite example is the outrageous
taxes imposed on cross border communications.
Personally, I like the approach of finding easy ways to do things.  I
don't think the nature of the situation requires an all or nothing
approach.  Let's say crypto is completely outlawed in the United
States and the phones are all tapped.  It still won't be possible to
suppress an underground press since the reproduction costs are so low.
In the past people have managed to publish underground newspapers
under extremely harsh conditions.  Nowadays it's as hard as copying a
I believe that the things we do to move in a forward direction are
additive, just like money.  This goes for techniques we develop as
well as people who are involved in our projects.
We should design our systems so that they do not rely on the goodwill
of the masses.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:06:59
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: For a Dignified and Effective Demonstration 
- From an anonymous leaflet, London, early 1980s.
    Brought to you by the ALL-LONDON UNITED ALLIANCE OF SOCIALIST
CAUCUSES to whom teh following are signatories: G.L.C., London Labour
Party, T.U.C., S.W.P., W.R.P., I.M.G., C.N.D., Ecology Party, Y.C.L.,
and B.F.
We welcome everyone to today's demonstration, which we hope will be
amongst the biggest London has seen for many years.  We are confident
that the vast majority of you will keep intact your dignity.  A
disciplined rally is essential if we are to avoid discrediting
ourselves in the eyes of the public and losing the approval of the
police.  We want to give the media no reason to condemn our campaign
by pointing to any over-imaginative acts.  To this end, we call on
everyone to obey the dictates of the stewards who will be found
alongside the police.  They will be acting in your interests.  They
are sensible people - please be sensible with them.  Beware of
troublemakers - some may be in the crowd with you.  If you see any do
not hesitate to summon stewards or the police, who, we must remember,
are our brothers in work.  Comrades!  Even in a socialist society we
shall still need Specialists-In-Order to combat hooligans and
deviants.  While it's true that nowadays the police are occasionally
over-zealous in their protection of privilege, property, and the
violence of the world market, the best way of dealing with this is by
demanding public accountability through elected local government or
some other representation of submissive community.  In the meantime we
should recognize that they will only listen to our complaints if we
conduct ourselves in the correct manner.
    Our tactics are those to which the greatest number can conform
with the least difficulty.  They require no more than your presence
and a minimum of participation.  All that we ask is that you recreate
the conditions of your work.  Remember!  It's numbers that count; the
boredom you feel is also imposed by the demo on everyone else.  Each
demonstrator must be equivalent to and replaceable by any other.  Just
like our old friend, the commodity.  Please bear in mind that love and
marriage go together like a horse and carriage, OK?
    We therefore ask you to comply with the following simple rules:
1. Exactly one hundred to a line, each rank to be one yard clear of
   the line in front.  No lounging please.
2. Wait for the initiative of the official loud-speakers before
   repeating the correct slogans, always recognisable by their format.
   For example: "X - IN! . . . Y - OUT!" or "WHAT DO WE WANT? -
   SOMETHING! . . . WHEN DO WE WANT IT? - WHENEVER YOU GET AROUND TO
   GIVING IT TO US!".  Kindly check that all Extra-Parliamentary
   slogans recognize the ultimate sovereignty of Parliament.  If you
   have any doubts, consult our easy-to-read list of DEMONSTRATION
   SLOGANS DO'S & DON'TS: -
CHANT                                     DO NOT CHANT
Cheap Fares Now!             NOT          Helicopters on Demand!
Victory to Fares Fight!      NOT          Total Contestation!
No Return to the 30's!       NOT          No Adventure for the '80s!
Slogans are jolly good fun!  NOT          Bollocks to Demands of our Enemies!
Baaaaaaaaaaaaaa!             NOT          Riot for Romance!
3. The left-hand side of the rally has been designated a 'No Smoking'
   area.  Demonstrators are respectfully asked to comply with this
   request.
4. If you see any impatient extremists please inform us immediately.
   They are easily distinguishable by the following kinds of sectarian
   individualism:
   a) Inventing unofficial slogans such as "Kenny is a Cop!", "Neither
   Left, Right, nor Centre!"  or "Revolution is the Festival of the
   Depressed!" or some other aggressive utopian rubbish.
   b) Departing from the prescribed site of the demo for the purpose
   of indulging in manual waltzes through shop windows and the wilful
   destruction of saleable goods.  Take care to note that Piccadilly,
   offering gold-drenched shops and fine vistas of the commodity, is a
   holiday of sheer temptation you should avoid.
   c) Making unauthorised alterations to luxury cars.
   d) Using banner poles in an extravagantly exhuberant manner.
   e) Smoking excessively long cigarettes or 'joints'.
   f) Drinking looted alcohol.
   g) Suggesting that demonstrators should band together in groups of
   fifty or more in order to spread disruption of traffic as widely as
   possible.  For example, by the continuous use of zebra crossings,
   standing around chatting in the middle of the road or arranging
   obstacles to prevent the free flow of carbon monoxide, lead, cop
   cars, and tension-producing noises through our streets.
   h) Any clever, erotic, or playful expression of individual or group
   initiative.
5. During the rally you are urged to clap your favourite speakers.
   Please confine your enthusiasm to 15 secs per point made in the
   middle of a pseech and a maximum of 30 secs at the end of one.
   Please do not interrupt with shouts of "BORING"!
6. Always remember to smile at the press cameras and adopt a suitably
   militant stance even when you feel pissed off with the whole
   business.
7. If you are uncertain whether a particular mode of behaviour is
   orderly or not, just do what everybody else is doing.  Should any
   unconventional urges remain do not hesitate to discuss them with
   one of our stewards.  They will be only too pleased to refer you to
   the appropriate specialist, whether G.P. or S.W.P.
8. At the end of the demo please do not dawdle.  Failure to make your
   way home quickly could result in you missing the sight of yourself
   on TV.
This leaflet is brought to you courtesy of the ALL-LONDON UNITED
ALLIANCE OF SOCIALIST CAUCUSES.
The following have refused to sign this leaflet:
The vandals of St. Saviours Primary School who refused to accept their
discipline quietly and who wrecked their compuslory prison, causing a
sobbing teacher to lament "These youngsters have hardly left their
cradles, but they are threatening to take over the school."
The rioters at Bydgoszcz Prison in Poland who fought Communist Party
hacks, State Police, and Solidarity union officials, all allied in
defence of the walls of the prison against the townspeople who were
helping prisoners escape.
The ASLEF traindrivers who avoid wage slavery as much as possible,
preferring dancing and drinking to sacrificing themslves to a job
which mainly involves transporting other slaves so that they may
perpetuate the futility of it all.
The black and white joyriding youth of Clapham who used CB radios for
the fun of organising efficient looting.
The Deptford New Cross Marchers of a year ago who in anger and
audacity broke away from the march in order to re-distribute weatlh in
the Bond Street area.
The Toxteth and Southall youths who shouted down Left Labour activists
patronising enough to characterize the riots as "understandable but
The truckdrivers of Cleveland, USA, who took over the local
distribution of food, medicine, and other necessities, by themselves
and without mediation, for over 3 weeks.

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:24:38
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Robust Debate 
1. IMO, robust debate is the source of new ideas.  New and worthwhile
ideas are often shocking.  For example, the music by Bach, Beethoven,
the Beatles, and even the Sex Pistols were all shocking in their time.
2. Attacks on your posts only lower your reputation if the attacks
have substance.  Tim May has been attacked more than anybody else on
the list for years.  His reputation capital is doing just fine.
3. Use of remailers simplifies True Name reputation management.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:41:42
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: The Judge On War 
"Blood Meridian: Or the Evening Redness in the West" by Cormac
  On a rise at the western edge of the playa they passed a crude
wooden cross where Maricopas had crucified an Apache.  The mummied
corpse hung from the crosstree with its mouth gaped in a raw hole, a
thing of leather and bone scoured by the pumice winds off the lake and
the pale tree of the ribs showing through the scraps of hide that hung
from the breast.  They rode on.  The horses trudged sullenly the alien
ground and the round earth rolled beneath them silently milling the
greater void wherein they were contained.  In the neuter austerity of
that terrain all phenomena were bequeathed a strange equality and no
one thing nor spider nor stone nor blade of grass could put forth
claim to precedence.  The very clarity of these articles belied their
familiarity, for the eye predicates the whole on some feature or part
and here was nothing more luminous than another and nothing more
enshadowed and in the optical democracy of such landscapes all
preference is made whimsical and a man and a rock become endowed with
unguessed kinships.
  They grew gaunted and lank under the white suns of those days and
their hollow burnedout eyes were like those of noctambulants surprised
by day.  Crouched under their hats they seemed fugitives on some
grander scale, like beings for whom the sun hungered.  Even the judge
grew silent and speculative.  He'd spoke of purging oneself of those
things that lay claim to a man but that body receiving his remarks
counted themselves well done with any claims at all.  They rode on and
the wind drove the fine gray dust before them and they rode an army of
graybeards, gray men, gray horses.  The mountains to the north lay
sunwise in corrugated folds and the days were cool and the nights were
cold and they sat about the fire each in his round of darkness in that
round of dark while the idiot watched from his cage at the edge of the
light.  The judge cracked with the back of an axe the shinbone of an
antelope and the hot marrow dripped smoking on the stones.  They
watched him.  The subject was war.
  The good book says that he that lives by the sword shall perish by
the sword, said the black.
  The judge smiled, his face shining with grease.  What right man
would have it any other way? he said.
  The good book does indeed count war an evil, said Irving.  Yet
there's many a bloody tale of war inside it.
  It makes no difference what men think of war, said the judge.  War
endures.  As well ask men what they think of stone.  War was always
here.  Before man was, war waited for him.  The ultimate trade
awaiting its ultimate practitioner.  That is the way it was and will
be.  That way and not some other way.
  He turned to Brown, from whom he'd heard some whispered slur or
demurrer.  Ah Davy, he said.  It's your own trade we honor here.  Why
not rather take a small bow.  Let each acknowledge each.
  My trade?
  Certainly.
  What is my trade?
  War.  War is your trade.  Is it not?
  And it aint yours?
  Mine too.  Very much so.
  What about all them notebooks and bones and stuff?
  All other trades are contained in that of war.
  Is that why war endures?
  No.  It endures because young men love it and old men love it in
them.  Those that fought, those that did not.
  That's your notion.
  The judge smiled.  Men are born for games.  Nothing else.  Every
child knows that play is nobler than work.  He knows too that the
worth or merit of a game is not inherent in the game itself but rather
in the value of that which is put at hazard.  Games of chance require
a wager to have meaning at all.  Games of sport involve the skill and
strength of the opponents and the humiliation of defeat and the pride
of victory are in themselves sufficient stake because they inhere in
the worth of the principals and define them.  But trial of chance or
trial of worth all games aspire to the condition of war for here that
which is wagered swallows up game, player, all.
  Suppose two men at cards with nothing to wager save their lives.
Who has not heard such a tale?  A turn of the card.  The whole
universe for such a player has labored clanking to this moment which
will tell if he is to die at that man's hand or that man at his.  What
more certain validation of a man's worth could there be?  This
enhancement of the game to its ultimate state admits no argument
concerning the notion of fate.  The selection of one man over another
is a preference absolute and irrevocable and it is a dull man indeed
who could reckon so profound a decision without agency or significance
either one.  In such games as have for their stake the annihilation of
the defeated the decisions are quite clear.  This man holding this
particular arrangement of cards in his hand is thereby removed from
existence.  This is the nature of war, whose stake is at once a game
and the authority and the justification.  Seen so, war is the truest
form of divination.  It is the testing of one's will and the will of
another within that larger will which because it binds them is
therefore forced to select.  War is the ultimate game because war is
at last forcing of the unity of existence.  War is god.
  Brown studied the judge.  You're crazy Holden.  Crazy at last.
  The judge smiled.
  Might does not make right, said Irving.  The man that wins in some
combat is not vindicated morally.
  Moral law is an invention of mankind for the disenfranchisement of
the powerful in favor of the weak.  Historical law subverts it at
every turn.  A moral view can never be proven right or wrong by any
ultimate test.  A man falling dead in a duel is not thought thereby to
be proven in error as to his views.  His very involvement in such a
trial gives evidence of a new and broader view.  The willingness of
the principals to forgo further argument as the triviality which it in
fact is and to petition directly the chambers of the historical
absolute clearly indicates of how little moment are the opinions and
of what great moment the divergences thereof.  For the argument is
indeed trivial, but not so the separate wills thereby made manifest.
Man's vanity may well approach the infinite in capacity but his
knowledge remains imperfect and howevermuch he comes to value his
judgements ultimately he must submit them before a higher court.  Here
there can be no special pleading.  Here are considerations of equity
and rectitude and moral right rendered void and without warrant and
here are the views of the litigants despised.  Decisions of life and
death, of what shall be and what shall not, beggar all question of
right.  In elections of these magnitudes are all lesser ones subsumed,
moral, spiritual, natural.
  The judge searched out the circle for disputants.  But what says the
priest? he said.
  Tobin looked up.  The priest does not say.
  The priest does not say, said the judge.  Nihil dicit.  But the
priest has said.  For the priest has put by the robes of his craft and
taken up the tools of that higher calling which all men honor.  The
priest also would be no godserver but a god himself.
  Tobin shook his head.  You've a blasphemous tongue, Holden.  And in
truth I was never a priest but only a novitiate to the order.
  Journeyman priest or apprentice priest, said the judge.  Men of god
and men of war have strange affinities.
  I'll not secondsay you in your notions, said Tobin.  Dont ask it.
  Ah Priest, said the judge.  What could I ask of you that you've not
already given?

@_date: 1997-11-19 05:35:45
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Overcoming War by Making Friends 
True.  However, to the extent that we and our friends do not
participate, there will be that much less war.  Even if we fail to end
all wars, even the prevention of a single war (or the shortening of
one war!) will be worth the effort.  "War is not healthy for children
and other living things."
I've mentioned the newspaper "The Aurora" which was active during the
Adams administration.  A strong argument can be made that this one
newspaper prevented a war with France and the introduction of Monarchy
into the United States.  Considering the relatively small number of
people involved with this list, the prevention of one war would be a
fantastic achievement.
Consider the benefit that the prevention of World War I would have
brought the world.  Millions of people would not have died before
their time.  Millions of other people would not have lead lives after
the war of dejection and sorrow either due to their own direct
involvement in the war or that of their friends and relatives.
Communism would probably not have arisen sparing the lives of
World War II would probably not have occurred again sparing the lives
of millions.
The development of germ warfare, chemical warfare, and nuclear warfare
would have proceeded far more slowly.
We would be living in a far wealthier and more peaceful world.
Here I am afraid we disagree.  The world has too many damned leaders!
I also believe that it is a better practice to explore ideas that are
interesting and discuss them honestly rather than to attempt to
sweeten the ideas for consumption by large numbers of people.  The people
who are receptive to our ideas will understand.  Those who are not
will become slaves.
As for being inclusive to foreigners, it's a pretty inclusive list.
After all, anybody in the world who can operate majordomo is allowed
to participate!  You can't do much better than that.
It's my guess that most current readers of the list don't especially
care where people come from or even their exact ideological alignment,
so long as they have interesting things to say.
Finally, your perception that there is an "emphasis on violence,
killing, and death" is not accurate.  What is the cypherpunk body
count?  Last I checked it was zero.  Out of the thousands of people
who have been on the list, can you think of a single act of violence
perpetrated by a list member?  The only ones I know about happened in
wars sponsored by the U.S. government before the list was even formed.
Maybe it would be best if you set an example in setting an example
for the rest of us to follow.  ;-)
My sense of your article, feel free to correct me if I am wrong, is
that you see the Cypherpunks as a more or less cohesive group with a
coherent agenda and a face to present to the outside world.
I prefer to look at it as a mailing list to which anybody in the world
may subscribe.  I am certainly not responsible for other people's work
on it, for better or for worse.
And, I believe we will get more done if I, for one example, think for
myself about the most useful thing my time could be spent doing.
If 100 cypherpunks choose one leader and follow his instructions will
we really accomplish more than if 100 cypherpunks think imaginatively
and creatively about what they themselves will do?  I doubt it.
Besides which, leaders are choke points.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-19 06:04:36
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Factor a 2048-bit number 
"I know it is wet
And the sun is not sunny.
But we can have
Lots of good fun that is funny!"
This number is the product of two large primes:
Yet, I believe that an enterprising individual will be able to factor it.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-19 06:10:33
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Fairy Gold 
I do not believe this to be true.  Of course, concepts are valid
regardless of their source.  It would be unwise to take the statements
even of established identities on faith.
The advantage of persistent identity is that it allows the exploration
of more complicated ideas.  Use of the persistent identity places a
particular post in a greater context.
There is only so much that can be done in a single post.  It is the
mailing list equivalent of a sound bite.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-19 10:04:10
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Overcoming War by Making Friends 
And really, once we drop all the propaganda memes, isn't it sort of
reasonable that if people are able to talk to each other without fear
of retribution that the right things are going to happen?
Oh, but The Masters of War understand all too well what this
technology is about!
"The story is told of Sir John Hawkwood (1.) that when two mendicant
friars greeted him with the conventional 'God give you peace', he
retorted: 'God take from you your alms.'  When pressed for an
explanation, he replied: 'Why do pray to God that I should die of
hunger?  Do you not know that I live by war and that peace would undo
1. Hawkwood was a highly successful English leader of mercenaries in
Northern Italy during the 14th century.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:26:04
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: The Illusion of Freedom 
Those who wage war are rarely the slaves.  Those who die usually are.
The "cannon fodder" you mentioned.
Gives new meaning to to phrase "...give me liberty, or give me death."

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:29:36
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Violence and Depravity 
I disagree.
The US Goverment and the mainstream media were both guilty
of either ignorance or deliberate subreption during McVeigh's
trial.  As a military trained explosive demolition instructor,
I am compelled to concur with the absent testimony and published
findings of a certain three star, to wit: It ain't necessarily so.
Anyone with even a cursory knowledge of explosives will tell you
that two tons of ammonium nitrate, sixty feet from the base
of a tall, reinforced concrete and steel building, will not do very much more than break lots of windows.  You see, ammonium nitrate is a low velocity explosive compound useful for moving dirt.  A brissance, or shattering effect, on steel and/or reinforced concrete requires an explosive compound with much greater explosive velocity.... C-4, several types of commercial
blasting gelatin, even TNT.  If you observed the news footage of the Murray Federal Building after the blast, you may have noticed that the damage was configured in a semi-cylindrical fashion, rather than the conic section which would have resulted from a ground placed charge of sufficient strength.  You might also have wondered about the apparent lack of a crater at the site of the explosion...
(The crater was mysteriously relocated to the basement of the structure, probably by A Terrorist-Provocateur To Be Named Later...)
If you looked closely at the ruined building, you would have seen
evidence of brissance on alternating bearing members on each floor.
(I have photos of this)
Had detailed chemical analysis of the site been permitted, evidence of a very large and elaborate line or ring main constructed of detonation cord, of the RDX or PETN based military variety, likely, would have been found.
Consider that the placement of the array of charges necessary to simultaneously shatter several dozen large bearing members in the
building would have required several hours for a well trained
demolition team, not to mention unlimited access to the building after hours.
Seismographs recorded TWO impacts that day, several minutes apart.
Consider that if this action was meant to revenge or commemorate the Waco massacre, it achieved the opposite goal.  However, if this was the work of agents-provocateur, it worked beautifully.  Waco was downplayed in the face of 'the threat of domestic terrorism.'  The body count was higher, and this time it came from the 'self-styled militia.'
Also, if McVeigh really had followed the Turner Diaries recipe, he would have put his bomb somewhere useful.  The book details the use of a similar device to destroy a large government database, and the truck bomb is parked underneath it
in the basement parking structure, _not_ sixty feet away...
The reader's digest version:
1)  McVeigh's bomb, as it was and where it was, was a squirt of piss in a hurricane.
2)  A well financed team of demolition professionals did the job.
3)  The payoff from this "investment" was the impressive Anti-Terrorism bill, much political mileage for the agency "targeted" by the attack, and an option for more legislation in the crypto arena.
4)  In a perfect world, McVeigh would have been prosecuted for incompetence, and given a suspended sentence because he was, after all, merely an infantry sergeant, not a demolition pro.  In the same perfect world, Woodward and Bernstein types would follow up on stuff like this instead of gulping down regurgitated propaganda like so many infant birds.  Then perhaps the true terrorists would be punished, and the political agenda of their employers exposed.
5)  The convenient deaths of poor defenseless children(TM) contributed mostly to the policy goals of the jackbooted thugs, not to those of their detractors.
6)  McVeigh pulled an Oswald.  Quit crediting him with success.
A Noncom To Be Named Later

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:29:48
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: FCPUNX:Tim plans to kill a federal judge 
You are doing something slightly different from people who respond to
a point with "Heideggar?  That Nazi!"
The people who do this are short circuiting the discussion instead of
showing how the point made is in error.  In a sense, they are not
discussing an idea, but the group affiliations of each speaker.
I find that the ideas are more interesting.
(Although, if one were interested in Heideggar, his biography would
probably be interesting, too.)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:30:42
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
These are all excellent points.
If people are successful in forming strong cross border relationships,
it may no longer be meaningful to describe one country or another as a
"world leader".
He may be a bastard, but he's *our* bastard! ;-)
Seriously, I think you are doing yourself a disservice to characterize
Tim May as a mere racist.  His views are obviously more complex and
interesting than that.  In this case, he is making a joke.  I think.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-01 17:06:02
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: The Color of Money 
Some might find this entertaining: yesterday the bits at the end of
this message were worth $50 for a few hours.  It still seems like
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-03 13:41:00
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
This is interesting.  One nice feature is that there doesn't need to
be a standardized payment arrangement with all remailers, just the one
you use for your entry point.  And, there's nothing that prevents many
remailer networks from overlapping.  (Actually, the geometry could
create some neat problems.)
This would be fairly easy to set up, not even really needing client
software modifications.
However, it does have a "commons" problem.  No remailer operator has
an incentive to provide really good service.  They are all encouraged
to provide the bare minimum remailer service and take advantage of the
other remailers in the network.
For example, what would encourage somebody to have a 24 x 7 remailer
service with continuous staffing?  This would be desirable because
when the bad guys kick down the door, there is somebody awake to pull
the plug.  There are a zillion other features which won't happen if
there isn't a proper incentive.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-24 09:50:47
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: CMR versus GAK? 
"Big Brother or the Boss?"
Are you SURE that's a dichotomy?
Big Biz and Big Gov are almost inextricably intertwined these days.  If dot-com pushes for snoopware, it is called CMR.  If dot-gov pushes for it, it is called GAK.  The real question is, if the interests of Biz and Gov coincide, and "real cooperation" is achieved, does it really matter where the idea originated?  Either way you still have snoopware.
Cpl Kaos

@_date: 1997-10-29 22:16:47
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Louis Freeh calls for communication crackdown 
This seems like a good time to try out The Cypherpunk War Cry: Shine
Shine!! Bakayarou!! Aho!! Manuke!! Anpontan!!
(Hope it means something bad!)
Jonathan Wienke correctly pointed out the absurdity of Freeh's
But, there are two ways Louis and his supporters can wriggle out of
this point.
One is that the friends and relatives of the kidnap victime are
sometimes tempted to conceal the crime as they may believe that a
quiet negotiation and ransom payment will be more likely to secure the
hostage's release than involving the authorities.  (In many countries
it is illegal to do this.)
However, if the all knowing and all seeing secret police agency can
intercept all communications they will be able to find out and
interfere with plans to make ransom payments and jail the friends of
the victim.  That might be a little rough on the trophy, it is true,
but it will be said that this will generally discourage other
kidnappings in the future.
The second is that encryption makes remailers possible.  Remailers
make it possible for kidnappers to untraceably send messages.
What Louis and his supporters are neglecting is that kidnappers are
already able to do this without encryption.  The unabomber, while not
a kidnapper, is an especially good example.  For the at least a decade
he was communicating with the FBI itself on a regular basis without
facing any consequences.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-30 10:13:50
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: [cpe:3185] Re: rescue Mrs Allen from the Feds (Re: Tim's worst nightmare.,..) 
You could probably do it with one church congregation's worth of
Or, perhaps the basis of political power is a general acceptance of
the rulers among the ruled and acts which would disrupt this
acceptance are more dangerous to the government than you would think.
Amnesty International has been successful just by organizing massive
letter writing expressing disapproval of the treatment of particular
political prisoners.  The regimes affected could not reasonably be
described as "civilized."
For that matter, the U.S. and British governments have not always been
so nice when they didn't think anybody was looking.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-30 10:14:48
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: <<Vitamin B>>(October 28, 1997) The Power of Ecobabble 
While I know nothing of Bionomics, Professor Krugman's ill-tempered
essay intrigues me.
Robert Hettinga wrote that VitaminB at bionomics.org wrote that Paul
Krugman wrote in Slate:
"Methinks the lady doth protest too much."  While hard core economists
may not describe the economy as a machine, the popular literature,
such as that found in news stories on "the economy", almost always
uses machine metaphors.  "The economy was in danger of becoming
overheated, so the Fed raised interest rates."
The metaphors which people choose often have powerful political
implications.  After all, if the economy is sort of like a machine,
then it makes sense to have trained professionals who tune that
machine to operate with optimal efficiency.  It is not hard to figure
out why the ruling elite prefers this metaphor to some others that
could be chosen.
For instance, you could say the economy is an elaborate network of
relationships based on trust.  You could say that employment occurs
when two or more people agree to exchange goods or services.
Let's say unemployment figures are up.  If you believe the economy is
like a machine, then you will believe that there should be a central
planning organization like the Fed that should lower interest rates.
If you believe that the unemployment goes down when people form
employment relationships, you may think about ways to remove obstacles
to the formation of these relationships.
Note that the second more reasonable approach does not promote the
interests of a national ruling elite.
In popular economics GDP is used almost exclusively as a measure of
success.  I strongly suspect that when Krugman says he himself does
not believe this, that he has some other set of statistical measures
which he considers to be better measures of success.
If this is the case, then he has completely missed the point.
Such statistical measures are sensible when one accepts that the
purpose of economics is to best instruct the rulers of a society in
their economic policy decisions.  In such a framework, the rulers
decide what is good and then decide how to cause that good to
The only problem with this is that it neglects to consider the
preferences of individual people.  It is highly unlikely that their
economic behavior is dictated by the authorities for their own best
interest because the authorities have no way of knowing what that best
interest might be.  People have their own beliefs and preferences on
that subject.
For example, a small island nation in the Pacific is highly regarded
as an "economic success".  One of the features of this society is that
government provided or subsidized housing is widely available.  People
who wish to spend their money on having a nice apartment like this.
But, many people may prefer to live in less expensive surroundings and
spend the money they save on other things, or to simply work less.
Krugman supports my theory about his beliefs later when he says:
We do not see any examples of "market failures" and, indeed, the
people Krugman refers to would probably not see them as failure at
It seems highly likely that Krugman has committed the sin he accuses
the Bionomicists of committing: he doesn't truly understand the
philosophy he is criticizing.
Also interesting is Krugman's obvious discomfiture with people who
would explore the ideas of the Bionomicists.  It may be the case that
the Bionomics crowd does not thoroughly understand classical economics
or evolutionary biology.  This would not be the first time that people
on the fringes of several disciplines came up with new ideas which
transformed the field.  (Take J. Kepler, the professional astrologer.
Kepler had many totally wacked out theories.  He believed completely
in astrology.  He believed the Earth was a living organism and the
tides were related to its breathing.  He believed the orbits of the
planets were distributed in relationship to the Platonic solids.  And,
get this, he believed that the area a planetary radius swept out in
time was constant.)
Obviously, Bionomics might be fraught with errors,
oversimplifications, and misrepresentations.  In spite of this, there
may be ideas that would interest an open minded professional.  Even
Marxists occasionally come up with an interesting observation, after
So, Krugman's hostility to the exploration of ideas strikes me as a
little odd for a professor.  Take his final paragraph for an example:
Somehow I can hear an upper class Victorian mother telling her son:
"You should not be seen with that girl.  She's much too common."
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-30 10:52:15
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Infowar circa 1850 
"Blood Meridian: Or the Evening Redness in the West" by Cormac
The Reverend Green had been playing to a full house daily as long as
the rain had been falling and the rain had been falling for two
weeks.  When the kid ducked into the ratty canvas tent there was
standing room along the walls, a place or two, and such a heady reek
of the wet and bathless that they themselves would sally forth into
the downpour now and again for fresh air before the rain drove them
in again.  He stood with others of his kind along the back wall.  The
only thing that might have distinguished him in that crowd was that he
was not armed.
  Neighbors, said the reverend, he couldnt stay out of these here
hell, hell, hellholes right here in Nacogdoches.  I said to him, said:
You goin to take the son of God in there with ye?  And he said: Oh
no.  No I aint.  And I said: Dont you know that he said I will foller
ye always even unto the end of the road?
  Well, he said, I aint askin nobody to go nowheres.  And I said:
Neighbor, you dont need to ask.  He's a goin to be there with ye ever
step of the way whether ye ask it or ye dont.  I said: Neighbor, you
caint get shed of him.  Now.  Are you going to drag him, *him*, into
that hellhole yonder?
  You ever see such a place for rain?
  The kid had been watching the reverend.  He turned to the man who
spoke.  He wore long moustaches after the fashion of teamsters and he
wore a widebrim hat with a low round crown.  He was slightly walleyed
and he was watching the kid earnestly as if he'd know his opinion
about the rain.
  I just got here, said the kid.
  Well it beats all I ever seen.
  The kid nodded.  An enormous man dressed in an oilcloth slicker had
entered the tent and removed his hat.  He was bald as a stone and he
had no trace of beard and he had no brows to his eyes nor lashes to
them.  He was close on to seven feet in height and he stood smoking a
cigar even in this nomadic house of God and he seemed to have removed
his hat only to chase the rain from it for now he put it on again.
  The reverend had stopped his sermon altogether.  There was no sound
in the tent.  All watched the man.  He adjusted the hat and then
pushed his way forward as far as the crateboard pulpit where the
reverend stood and there he turned to address the reverend's
congregation.  His face was serene and strangely childlike.  His hands
were small.  He held them out.
  Ladies and gentlemen I feel it my duty to inform you that the man
holding this revival is an imposter.  He holds no papers of divinity
from any institution recognized or improvised.  He is altogether
devoid of the least qualifications to the office he has usurped and
has only committed to memory a few passages from the good book for the
purpose of lending to his fraudulent sermons some faint flavor of the
piety he despises.  In truth, the gentleman standing here before you
posing as a minister of the Lord is not only totally illiterate but is
also wanted by the law in the states of Tennessee, Kentucky,
Mississippi, and Arkansas.
  Oh God, cried the reverend.  Lies, lies!  He began reading
feverishly from his opened bible.
  On a variety of charges the most recent of which involved a girl of
eleven years - I said eleven - who had come to him in trust and whom
he was surprised in the act of violating while actually clothed in the
livery of his God.
  A moan swept through the crowd.  A lady sank to her knees.
  This is him, cried the reverend, sobbing.  This is him.  The devil.
Here he stands.
  Let's hang the turd, called an ugly thug from the gallery to the
  Not three weeks before this he was run out of Fort Smith Arkansas
for having congress with a goat.  Yes lady, that is what I said.
  Why damn my eyes if I wont shoot the son of a bitch, said a man
rising at the far side of the tent, and drawing a pistol from his boot
he leveled it and fired.
  The young teamster instantly produced a knife from his clothing and
unseamed the tent and stepped outside into the rain.  The kid
followed.  They ducked low and ran across the mud toward the hotel.
Already gunfire was general within the tent and a dozen exits had been
hacked through the canvas walls and people were pouring out, women
screaming, folk stumbling, folk trampled underfoot in the mud.  The
kid and his friend reached the hotel gallery and wiped the water from
their eyes and turned to watch.  As they did so the tent began to sway
and buckle and like a huge and wounded medusa it slowly settled to the
ground trailing tattered canvas walls and ratty guyropes over the
  The baldheaded man was already at the bar when they entered.  On the
polished wood before him were two hats and a double handful of coins.
He raised his glass but not to them.  They stood up to the bar and
ordered whiskeys and the kid laid his money down but the barman pushed
it back with his thumb and nodded.
  These here is on the judge, he said.
  They drank.  The teamster set his glass down and looked at the kid
or he seemed to, you couldnt be sure of his gaze.  The kid looked down
the bar to where the judge stood.  The bar was that tall not every man
could even get his elbows up on it but it came just to the judge's
waist and he stood with his hands placed flatwise on the wood, leaning
slightly, as if about to give another address.  By now men were piling
through the doorway, bleeding, covered in mud, cursing.  They gathered
about the judge.  A posse was being drawn to pursue the preacher.
  Judge, how did you come to have the goods on that no-account?
  Goods? said the judge.
  When was you in Fort Smith?
  Fort Smith?
  Where did you know him to know all that stuff on him?
  You mean the Reverend Green?
  Yessir.  I reckon you was in Fort Smith fore ye come out here.
  I was never in Fort Smith in my life.  Doubt that he was.
  They looked from one to the other.
  Well where was it you run up on him?
  I never laid eyes on the man before today.  Never even heard of him.
  He raised his glass and drank.
  There was a strange silence in the room.  The men looked like mud
effigies.  Finally someone began to laugh.  Then another.  Soon they
were all laughing together.  Someone bought the judge a drink.

@_date: 1997-10-31 05:22:35
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT (fwd) 
But this line of argument does not get to the heart of the matter.
Why is the Constitution so great?  After all, it's just a piece of
paper and if Americans generally decide not to respect it, it's gone.
More accurately, they will *get* neither!
Police states are not only unpleasant, they are terribly unsafe.
When somebody tells you they wish to trade security for liberty, offer
to handcuff them on the spot in exchange for protection.  If they
don't agree, they now have to explain why they believe you have less
integrity than the police and their political masters.
And, in almost every case, the draconian measure is orthogonal to
protecting children and is only a cynical ploy to institute a police
state.  While it will be different from ploy to ploy, it can be
productive to undermine the assumptions of the argument.
Consider cryptography.  We are told that it is bad for children.  We
also know that banning cryptography will cost at least $60 billion
every year.  Why isn't a $30 billion child protection fund being
advocated?  It would obviously be a good deal.  The reason is that
protecting children isn't on the agenda.  (And that child protection
bill better include a list of things not to spend money on: Do not
frame political dissidents.  Do not infiltrate church groups.  Do not
spy on Jewish children at summer camp.  Do not gun down antiwar
protesters.  Do not suppress the Press. etc. etc.)
In general, those who talk about "protecting children" shy away from
obvious and real measures that might actually protect children.  For
example, in most states child protective services are underfunded and
staffed by incompetents.  Real children are living miserable lives
every day, and yet Louis and the Gang are worrying about the use of
arithmetic.  Could it be they have some other motivation?
Or consider teenage prostitution.  In most big cities there are many
teenage prostitutes.  They don't want to be prostitutes for the most
part, but usually they were in a bad situation and they ran away from
home.  We can tell the situation is bad because when they get hungry
they still don't want to go back.
Typically, there are known places where the deals are done.  Yet we
see no noticeable enforcement effort occurring.  Could it be that the
police don't care that much?
More importantly, it is terribly easy to help these people.  All you
have to do is set up a home where they are welcome, feel safe, and
feel comfortable.  BTW, that means no religious indoctrination, no
drug indoctrination, or any other brainwashing.  It does mean finding
hosts who are warm emotional people and genuinely care.  (It may be
impossible for a bureaucracy to establish such an environment.)
Anybody who cares about teenagers can set something like this up.
Yet, it rarely happens.  The reason for this is that very few people
truly care enough to actually do anything about the situation.
When somebody tells you should go to jail for performing the wrong
kind of arithmetic because it's bad for children, ask them what they
*really* have done for any children anywhere.  Usually, they have done
nothing and will do nothing.
There is almost nothing lower than a person who would exploit concern
for children for his or her own political purposes.

@_date: 1997-10-31 05:25:01
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
Sounds like what you really want is to be able to buy through these
companies without buying the insurance.
This would be a real easy service for them to provide because if they
mark it up a little bit, it's basically free money.  (They are doing
the negotiations anyway, after all.)  They don't even need to know
your name until you show up wanting to use their health care network.
The Emergency Room Scenario is a little more challenging.  One way to
deal with it is to wear some obvious signs of wealth like a $10,000
watch.  In a pinch you can give them the watch.  ;-) (Some of the
nurses won't know what it is, but the doctors will, I am sure.)
I'm pretty sure that if you are an unconscious wealthy looking person
they don't turn you away.  You really only need to survive until your
lawyer gets to the hospital with a suitcase of cash.
How do super rich people solve this problem?  You can be pretty sure
that Bill Gates self insures and protects his privacy at the same
time.  How does he do it?  How does he solve the Emergency Room
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-31 05:30:09
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
You can improve the situation by purchasing high deductible policies.
It is astonishing how quickly the rates fall when you are willing to
pay the first few thousand yourself.
Also, many small business owners seek out other small business owners
and purchase their insurance collectively.  I have heard this works
fairly well, although it gives each participant less discretion, just
like if they were employed by a large company.
I'd guess there are a lot more people who can self insure than you
think, but their net worth should be $200,000+.
I'm not convinced that disaster medical care is all that expensive.
Consider AIDS.  I've heard that it costs about $30,000 to care for
somebody with this disease.  After ten years that's only $300,000.
Yet, this is often put forth as a problem which causes insurance
companies great trouble and causes rates to increase significantly.
Does anybody know what the odds of hitting $300,000 are?  I'm just
guessing, but the odds are probably higher that you would die in some
other way.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-05 09:40:58
@_author: Neva Remailer 
@_subject: clipper.csc.uvic.ca moved? 
Does anyone know if clipper.csc.uvic.ca has moved to another

@_date: 1998-04-03 06:24:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
With a *.ca address, I'm wondering, in all situations do I follow the US
guidelines? Or are some different?
As for the "regulation" post, I was going to reply until I realized it was
just so she could donate email addresses to her book.
-confused cdn-
