
@_date: 2001-08-30 21:24:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous Posting 
This was the remark I had in mind:
Tim May wrote on August 16, 2001:
I see now that "all Jews" mischaracterized your statement.  My
Cuts both ways, of course.  If the past is any guide, mostly the
innocent would die.
I've known very few Jewish people who believe God gave them Israel,
but it clearly has something to do with why that particular patch of
land was chosen.  Maybe it's the Schelling point of Zionism.  The area
is symbolically loaded for Jewish people, but the downside is that
it's important to other people as well.
Most Israelis that I've known see the religiously based Zionists as
crazies, especially the ones from the U.S.
Saying that Israelis are a certain way because there are people in
Israel with certain views is as reasonable as saying that Jim Bell is
a good guide to the cypherpunks.
The exact nature of Zionism seems hard to pin down, sort of like
defining a "cypherpunk".  It is clear that many Zionists are not
Agreed.  Many prominent Catholics have publicly declared that abortion
is murder.  Applying the same level of integrity as has been applied
in criminal trials of technical people, this could be seen as
What is insidious about charging people with organizational
involvement is that it bypasses the criminal justice system.  The
organization itself doesn't stand trial.  At the same time the members
are not charged with any specfic crime.
Thus, the trial can consist of little more than innuendo and the
defendant stands a good chance of conviction.  It is very close to
simple political repression.
But aren't you the one bringing up the racial purity theory here?
I've never known a Jewish person, and I've known many, who spent any
time worrying about the genetic purity of their Jewish descent.
Presumably they exist somewhere, but the breed is rare.  Some Jewish
people do seem to have long discussions about "What is a Jew (sic)?",
but they do not seem to be genetically driven.
I am having a little difficulty understanding what you mean by
"embracing the future".  This strikes me as a straw man, but perhaps
I'm not getting your point.
The Jewish community, even the Jewish religious community, does not
seem to have had any problem accepting scientific discoveries, which
one could describe as "embracing the future".  Many Christians,
Protestant and otherwise, have had serious problems in this
department.  For example, the theory of evolution was accepted without
a fuss.  Even in Jewish religious schools, the theory of evolution is
I think the idea behind going to Palestine and founding Israel was to
find a way to not be murdered any more.  After over 1000 years of
abuse ending with 2/3 of the group being killed, it doesn't seem
unreasonable that many of the survivors would conclude that it was
unsafe to live among Europeans.
My guess is that they figured they could just sort of push the Arabs
aside and after a bit of fuss, everybody would get used to the idea
and they'd have a country where they would have full political rights
and even own land without fears of confiscation.  Most peoples have
done exactly the same thing at some time or other.  And, there was
already a sizeable Jewish population in Palestine.
Do you believe that Jewish activities along these lines are more
offensive than similar activities by many other people?  If so, do you
find them offensive because they are so recent, or is it just the
unpleasant fact that American money is contributing to it?
Agreed.  I have better things to do with my money, too.
Here's my somewhat uninformed take on the Middle East:
Anything the U.S. is doing there is going to be related to oil.
Support of Israel gives the U.S. cards to play with the oil producing
countries.  If the oil producing companies are uncooperative, Israel
gets new cool weapons.  If they are cooperative, then the U.S. news
media start talking about the bad things the Israelis are doing.
When the oil producing countries complain, the answer is probably that
the Jewish lobby is so powerful that the U.S. has to support the
Israelis.  I believe that the Jewish lobby is powerful only to the
extent that they are allowed to be.  If they stood in the way of
U.S. policy to any significant extent, they would be curtailed.
Israel also plays a useful role for the oil producing governments -
they help keep the population unified.  A great deal of money flowing
into the area does not benefit the populations of the countries there.
For example, half of adult male Saudis are illiterate.  Keeping those
people focused on Israel keeps them from noticing where the money is
going.  Also, the rulers can accuse detractors of being Israeli spies.
I do not think U.S. support for Israel has much to do with
post-Holocaust compassion or with the desire to support a democracy in
the Middle East or with the Jewish lobby.
Yes, Jacobo Timerman ("Prisoner Without a Name, Cell Without a
Number") said the same thing a few years after he fled to Israel from
Argentina.  He made himself somewhat unpopular by questioning the
propriety of the invasion of Lebanon.  Some Israelis felt he was
ungrateful.  Sort of interesting because the original idea was that
everybody Jewish could consider themselves Israeli and therefore
gratitude would not be in order.  (A comparison could be made to the
Palestinian situation with respect to their alleged brother Arabs.)
Anyway, there is probably a well understood psychological phenomenon
at work.  Once somebody is abused, they will tend to find somebody
else, hopefully subordinate, to mistreat.
I've wondered whether this effect isn't related to explain Henry
Kissinger's criminality.  Kissinger lost two relatives in the
Holocaust, but in his political career he associated with and backed
people with less than pristine credentials.  For example, Nixon had
connections to war criminals associated with the Rumanian Iron Guard.
The military regimes Kissinger encouraged in South America tended to
have people with a certain admiration for the Third Reich.  The
policies pursued in Southeast Asia bear certain similarities to those
of the Nazis.
Timerman, incidentally, described himself as Zionist.
Literally the truth, although not exclusively. ;-)

@_date: 2001-08-31 03:15:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No subject 
When I saw the "general response to bombz" post with the below mentioned book, I asked my significant other to please order a copy for me, because she gets a very nice reduction on prices of books she buys as an employed of Borders Bookstore chain.  She refused to enter this request into their computer system to place an order, because she claims that the store monitors orders for some categories of special orders, and reports these orders to the police as a custom of policy!
Buyers of bookstores beware.
Eissler, M. "A Handbook on Modern Explosives: A Practical Treatise, with
Chapters on Explosives in Practical Applications" London: Crosby Lockwood
and Son, 1897. 2nd, Enlarged, fair, illus., appendices, index.

@_date: 2001-03-01 03:30:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No subject 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1149 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-03-05 02:37:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: An Athenian Longhorn? 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1688 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-03-28 23:55:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
No, ninny, they do not. Anonymizer accepts cash payments. Why don't you check your facts before you open your hole?

@_date: 2001-11-02 19:47:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Kahn on Invsisble Ink (Was: Transparency Spray?) 
S a n d y  W r o t e:
IIRC in 'The Codebreakers' Kahn states that invisible ink can always be read by exposing the paper to iodine vapor, since the 'ink' distorts the fibers of the paper. Even plain water can be used to write messages. This can be defeated by wiping the surface of the paper with a damp sponge, requiring Mallory to find the correct chemical to react with the ink and cause a color change.
However, _this_ can be detected by the smear left on the fibers of the paper. Perhaps this also occurs with sprayed on solvents? This could work on 'unprepared' mail.
As an added bonus, the iodine vapor is _supposed_ to fade out afterwards, unless you use too much of it as we did in science class trying to develop fingerprints.
The Baker Street Irregulars

@_date: 2001-11-02 22:56:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Napster execs needing culling 
Great idea! I have a few trees in my garden that produce copious O2!
I'll Fed-Ex an invoice to Hillary Rosen immediately for all the air he's using up! Hey I just 'farm' the air, I don't ask anyone to breath it!
Once I factor in the rosebush and all the grass, I may have quite an enterprise going.

@_date: 2001-11-03 03:07:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Warning everything you do on your computer is being logged [3G9MV]  
Woah! Actual cypherpunks related SPAM!!!
SHOCK!!! HORROR!!! A MILD TINGLY SENSATION ON THE BACK OF THE NECK!!!
Haven't spammers yet figured out we can identify spam by a random alphanumeric string at the end of the subject line?
PS. Is there an easy way to stop windoze from adding a shortcut to the recently used documents list (%Win9x%recent) when I open a file from an encrypted partition/disk?

@_date: 2001-11-15 01:07:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
Fuck you, pig.
The purpose of guns is to kill and hurt. People don't like getting killed and hurt. That's why guns work. As you know very well.
Be careful. There are 40 million armed non-pigs on the continent. Look at the fate of Stasi members. I knew that there was a reason for not shutting down remailers. How else could TLAs post without being JBelled ?

@_date: 2001-11-21 02:57:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
On November 13, you wrote to anon poster Nomen Nescio:
Supposing you and others were willing to pay Nomen a modest sum for this
service, how could you do so using Paypal or Amazon, and allow him to
retain his anonymity?
An alternative solution is barter.  Nomen could agree to search certain
years of archives, or certain topics, in exchange for other people working
on other parts of the project, for example.  Information barter can be
performed while retaining anonymity.  Maybe systems to facilitate barter
could be developed if anonymous cash remains out of reach.

@_date: 2001-11-21 18:33:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Risks of belief in identities 
The criticisms in this essay have nothing to do with national ID cards
per se.  The points have nothing to do with the cards being national,
with them proving ID, or with them being in the form of a card for
that matter.  What the essay really argues against is any attempt to
prove that someone has been checked for a certain property by showing
a document.  Documents can be forged, biometrics are imperfect, and the
employees who issue the documents can be bribed.
By this argument, we should have no driver's licenses, credit cards,
or paper cash for that matter.  Everything stuffed into your wallet
is useless.  Any one of those items could be forged or could have been
given to you improperly.  But we find them to be useful anyway.
In actuality, no one in politics is seriously pushing for a national
ID card.  However they are talking about having an air travel card
which would allow holders to go through an expedited security check.
Neumann's arguments apply just as strongly against such a card (which
need not have ID printed on it at all), further proving that he is not
in fact opposing a national ID card but any kind of carried credential.

@_date: 2001-11-22 03:24:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No subject 
>> US postal regs end at the US
 >> border.  The rest of the world is
 >> full of mail drops, accommodation
 >> addresses and mail forwarding
 >> services.
This already exists, and has for many years (I have been using this service personally since the late 70s, early 80s.
John Smith
Suite (your drop box number here)
134 West 32nd Street
New York City, NY

@_date: 2001-11-25 06:45:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No subject 
Thank you for posting these John.
I am about 1/2 way through them, and I
am struck by how crude the "computer
forensic" examinations are (see part 2, around page 270).  The government
examiners seem to have very little
understanding how a computer actually
works, but instead, rely on "out box" and "in box" and O/S time stamps, etc.
There seems to be no understanding by Leen
either, and I would have thought Bell
would be trying to make him understand
while this persecution was progressing.
Since when is an examination a thourough
one without a sector by sector and bit
by bit combing?  And since when has an O/S time stamp become trustworthy?
While it is obvious from the transcripts
that Tanner was more than a little biased
in favor of the prosecution, it sure looks
like Bell did his fair share to insure a

@_date: 2001-11-25 11:57:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? $10. 
So you agree, then, that tax-paying US subjects are bona fide targets because they
shelter and support US-based men with guns ("government") that killed more (per
capita) than any other gang ?
And, agent Gordon, if you continue to use "we" someone could get irritated enough
to snuff someone. You may use "we" only when in company of exclusively
government-paid goons. There are few on this list left which are not.

@_date: 2001-11-27 23:11:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Michigan Asks Arabs to Come for Questioning 
C ? UNIX ? TCP/IP ? Java ?
The hardcore terrorists go for ICMP, BGP, IPSec, CHAP and similar.
If you chuckle at this you are a moron.
Coding will be regulated within next 12 months.

@_date: 2001-10-05 07:01:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
You little piece of shit, don't you "we" us.
I have no quarrel with anyone just because some shithead wrote or said something.
My direct experience with Taliban (zero) and US government (a lot) makes latter a much bigger problem. Your handlers are trying to embed this "taliban" thing into sheeple's heads so that dogs of war can be let loose.
But just looking at WHO GAINED the most (see criminology 101), it's the US government that is the prime suspect here. I don't see ANY real gain for islam/jihad whatsoever. We ?
Fuck you.

@_date: 2001-10-12 00:43:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [BIOWAR] Al Qaida biological warfare factories attacked 
Lemme see ... this will "prove out" by sending a trusted delegation
independent from US control into afgan deserts to do analysis of
whatever is left over ?
Or will CNN report be sufficient ?
Otherwise, kudos for improvement from "we" to "the US".

@_date: 2001-10-19 03:30:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wartime Secrecy Presents Hazards to U.S. Freedom 
Wartime Secrecy Presents Hazards to U.S. Freedom
Marie Cocco
October 16, 2001
ABDALLAH YASSINE says he is going home.
Nothing can dissuade him. Not the aid and comfort he's received from his suburban neighbors, who have provided food for his family and even arranged for a local church to pay a month's mortgage. Not pressure from his in-laws, who remind him that he has much in the United States - five children on the honor roll, a brand-new home, a car - and that he would have nothing back in Lebanon. Not even seeing the possibility that the immigration violation for which he was picked up a month ago, on the Saturday after the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, might be resolved without further distress.
"I told him he's making an irrational decision," said Samir Shaban, Yassine's brother-in-law. "He said, 'You didn't spend 18 days in jail for doing nothing.'"
Yassine showed up for his shift with a security company at Dulles Airport on the weekend after the attacks. He was shackled, led from the terminal and brought home to get his papers - then carted off to jail. His family was told he'd be released in an hour. But, for about two weeks, Yassine was held on a violation that involved working a second job for an employer - the security company - that was not listed as the employer on his guest-worker visa.
He was kept in shackles and moved to three different jails. He was first denied bond, but later - after his lawyer, Denyse Sabagh, was quoted describing the way immigrants were being held virtually incommunicado on minor violations - he was freed on $2,500 bond. Yassine is one of some 700 people who have been rounded up since the terror attacks. The Justice Department does not claim these hundreds have any connection at all to the crimes. In fact, administration officials have suggested those with clear links may number only about a dozen. There are another 190 people at large, Attorney General John Ashcroft has said, who are being sought because they may have aided the terrorists.
And so, by the administration's own count, hundreds of people are now in jail who the authorities do not believe can be of help in this terrible matter. Some - 148 at last count - are immigrants held on violations such as Yassine's.
That leaves more than 500 about whom we are told absolutely nothing. Not their names, nor where they are being held. We are not told whether their offenses amount to having the misfortune of a Mideastern name and a broken tail-light. Or whether local authorities, who conducted many of the sweeps, have already released some who are guilty of little more than looking like an Arab. Or how many are material witnesses.
"We haven't released that," said Justice Department spokesman Dan Nelson.
It is the administration's all-purpose answer. Wartime powers to legitimately restrict the press from getting information that could jeopardize troops or law-enforcement operations are stretched to new proportions. The public is told nothing about hundreds in jail. Television isn't supposed to broadcast the videotaped propaganda of Osama bin Laden and his henchmen. We were supposed to submit to the idea that the people's elected representatives weren't to be briefed on the war or the threats at home. So strained was this over-reach that it was pulled back in a day.
Secrecy in war is most necessary, and most dangerous. Efforts to control information slip easily into cover-ups. "Trust us" soon becomes a veil that erodes public trust.
We are unanimous in saying this war against terrorism is waged to protect freedom. Ashcroft himself, commenting on the targeting of media outlets in the anthrax attacks, turned a nice phrase when he described this latest line of attack: "If people hate freedom, they ought to hate information that allows free people to make good decisions," he said on the CBS program "Face the Nation."
Well put. We wait, now, for this advice to be well followed. Copyright ) 2001, Newsday, Inc.

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:00:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Conman, quantum entaglement and no cat 
Magicians lottery list accurate
THE American illusionist David Copperfield said yesterday he has been
bombarded by requests for tips on the winning numbers in Germanys
national lottery on Saturday night - numbers he said he predicted seven
months ago.
Copperfield wrote down his forecast on 17 February for the multi-million
mark lottery drawing due on 13 October. The prediction was sealed by a
notary and locked in a box that was kept under round-the-clock
An hour after the winning numbers were drawn, the box was opened on a
live television broadcast and the numbers matched the winning draw: 2,
9, 10, 15, 25, 38 and 4.
"It wasnt a trick," Copperfield told Bild am Sonntag newspaper after
the performance on the popular Wanna Bet? show on ZDF television. "It
was more an experiment and mental exercise. We only use about 10 per
cent of our brain capacity."
Copperfield said he is not tempted to play the lottery himself because
he would not be able to "see" the numbers. "I used to try it out by
giving friends the numbers, but then it would never work," he said. "If
the numbers arent kept secret, it doesnt work."
Copperfield said hundreds of people had written him since February
begging him for tips on what numbers to pick. "Hundreds of emails, so
many letters and requests from people in despair. " But can he do RSA keys ?
If he can, that would mean that they are truly random.
If he can't they are not.
This test should become a part of Diehard.

@_date: 2001-09-15 05:25:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Salon.com: Send in the online spooks? 
This week, the FBI issued a court order, citing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act and demanding specific information concerning selected subscribers to America Online and EarthLink, the country's two largest Internet service providers. On Tuesday, shortly after news of the destruction of the World Trade Center began to spread, the operators of the MagusNet Public Proxy Server, an "anonymous remailer" designed to provide security for Internet e-mail and other online communiqu�s, voluntarily shut down to prevent the system's being abused by terrorists (or pranksters). Meanwhile, a congressman called for a global ban on all encryption software that failed to include a "backdoor" allowing government surveillance, and a senator tacked an amendment onto an appropriations bill that would make wiretapping considerably easier. Privacy advocates and civil libertarians are perpetually on guard, but after Tuesday's deadly airline hijackings, they are faced with a new and potent enemy -- public fear. Will a Congress desperate to do something in response to the horrifying carnage sweep in a slew of unprecedented restrictions on personal freedoms? The outcry of protest has already begun.

@_date: 2001-09-25 03:22:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Democracy is our enemy 
Well said.
There was an article the other day about the terrorists, which made the
point that capitalism and fundamentalism were much alike, in that both
share a distrust of democracy.  The same can be said for the cypherpunks.
No wonder that so many here have expressed vitriolic criticism of the
U.S. government response (which has been almost zero), while there has
been little mention of the horrific evil of the terrorist acts themselves.
Putting it starkly, who is more evil: John Ashcroft or Mohammed Atta?
Is it possible that certain cypherpunks find themselves on the same side
as bin Laden and his fundamentalist killers?  Do they secretly support
this murderous attacks on innocent civilians?  We now face biological and
chemical attacks, which are supposed to be even more "cruel and shocking"
than the WTC attacks.  Are these cypherpunks in favor of seeing more
Americans killed by terrorist actions?
The philosophical connection becomes even clearer with the frequent
statements by cypherpunks that those who disagree "need killing", that
blood must be shed by those of different political views.  In effect
this is a call for a Cypherpunk Jihad (the word is often translated as
"holy war", but "justified struggle" is as valid a translation).  It is
no different for Tim May to call for the extinction of his enemies than
for Usama bin Laden to do so.
Cypherpunks need to take a hard look at themselves.  Anyone who feels
horror and disgust at the terrorist acts should recognize that the same
sentiments are found here, just below the surface.  The thinly veiled
threats of bloodshed are based on the same philosophy of violent hatred
and contempt for others which motivates the terrorists.
Tim May and Usama bin Laden are now revealed as philosophical cousins.
It is becoming harder and harder to tell them apart.
