
@_date: 1998-08-28 10:35:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Man Sex 
Lets see ...
# sex -monica
processing ...
-m masochism ...
-o oral ...
-n necrophilia ...
-i coitus interruptus ...
-c chocolate sauce option
-a external stimulus (aphrodisiac) option
Close, but no cigar.

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:42:01
@_author: Anonymous lo14 
@_subject: govt server architecture 
Greetings and salutations,
Can anyone share experience with U.S. government server hardware,
used for medium-load computing applications (not supercomputers)?
I'm looking for information on brand names, flops, etc. and where to
find more.

@_date: 1998-09-09 13:46:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Any good hacking sites? 
Oh, this is almost _too_ easy...
Yeah, we know about AOL hacking... First, you get a couple of million clueless fucktards like yourself together and give all of them the same 800-number to dial in... Watch what follows:
bzzzt... bzzzt... bzzzt... Lamer  "Hey, d00d, whatcha doin?"
bzzzt... bzzzt... bzzzt... Lamer  "I'm hacking AOL, man."
bzzzt... bzzzt... bzzzt... Lamer  "Whoa! C00l, d00d! Can I like, watch?"
bzzzt... bzzzt... bzzzt... Lamer  "Sure, man."
Any questions?

@_date: 1998-09-27 12:59:19
@_author: Anonymous lo14 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Nice cliche. Unfortunately, it doesn't say anything at all.
You got it half right. If quoted material is included, it's good. If no
quoted material is included, it's bad. If quoted material is included but it
uses the '<< >>' style, it's bad. If a few hundred lines are quoted and six
added, it's bad. This was explained to you twice; once in the post you're responding to, and once in that posting with the AOL quotes. You're conveniently ignoring that and you're playing dumb with regard to network
etiquette. Maybe you aren't just pretending.
AOL users originally didn't quote at all, they claimed because of software
constraints. AOL users complained and used the fact that their ISP was lame
as an excuse for not getting another one. Other net users complained. AOL responded by using the '<< >>' quoting style, which was effectively giving the rest of the net the bird. If AOL didn't cater to every moron out there, and if AOL didn't keep running
stupid ads with claims like "AOL is the Internet!", and if AOL wasn't
sending things like requests for Real Player all over the net, and if AOL didn't do things to deliberately piss everyone else off, they'd have a much better reputation. Maybe the first two can be written off as simple marketting, and maybe the third can be written off as the results of that marketting, but there is no excuse for the fourth. All four of those are
what gets AOL flamed, kill filed, ignored, insulted, and shunned.
There were one or two which may have been questionable. The rest of them
fell into his criteria quite well. That's unless you want to claim that
requests for stickers, CDs, and the rest actually express some subtle
political point other than to say "I'm a moron." I ensure you, if "We're
morons" was the point the AOL posters in question were trying to make, their
message came through quite well. Maybe "you got it?" was actually a secret
I was refering to the spam from AOL, Sixdegrees, the "child molestor"
spammers, and their like. The responses to that, including your's, are political speech like you describe. What you're being ridiculed for is, almost without fail, defending every AOL weenie and spam site which comes onto this list. The child molestor spammers may be able to claim that it isn't their fault
because they're using lame software, but if they use swiss cheese they
shouldn't be surprised when the holes are exploited. I'm not saying it's
very ethical to exploit them, but it isn't surprising.
Paul, with regard to the rest of this, it's obvious that you're either
trolling or are yourself severely clue-shy, and you aren't worth a response anymore. Your  is proof enough of that.  is pretty good evidence too.
