
@_date: 1992-12-07 19:52:58
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: pgp2.1 released 
PGP 2.1 is released.  It's on soda.berkeley.edu, for your convenience,
in directory pub/cypherpunks.
The 2.1 release has the ability to sign a message as leave the message
in plaintext.  This should be used by all the pseudonyms in the group
to prove continuity of authorship.

@_date: 1992-11-12 13:52:59
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
I have a new address where I am running a cryptographically
protected, anonymous remailer based on Eric Hughes' perl scripts.
It is: .
To use the server, put "Request-Remailing-To: "
into the header of the message, and send it to the above address.  If
your mailer won't let you put things into message headers, instead make
the first line of your message body be just the two characters "::",
and make the next line be "Request-Remailing-To: ",
and make the next line be blank.  The "::" tells the remailer to take
the following lines, up to a blank one, and put them into the header.
This particular remailer has PGP integrated into it so that you can
encrypt your messages to the remailer.  That way a snooper can't see
the "Request-Remailing-To" information and can't tell who you are
sending to.
To use this feature, create a message and put "::" and
"Request-Remailing-To:" lines at the beginning, followed by a blank
line.  Then encrypt this whole message, including these extra lines,
using PGP with the remailer key below.  (Remember to use the -a flag
for ASCII output.)
Now, you have to do one more thing.  You have to put "Encrypted: PGP"
into the message header when you send this message.  Again, if you
can't put stuff into message headers, you have to edit the PGP ASCII
output file to add a line of "::", then a line saying "Encrypted: PGP",
then a blank line.  This can then be sent to the address above.  It
will decrypt the message, find the "Request-Remailing-To" line, and
forward it for you.
This machine is on the Internet so it should have nice, fast
Be aware that this is a multi-user machine so the encryption is not
super secure.  Don't bet your life on these messages not being broken.
This is strictly experimental at this time.
If anyone would like help getting PGP or one of these remailers
operating on your local Unix machine, let me know and I will offer any
advice that I can.  I would really like to see more people than just
Eric and myself running remailers.
There is a more advanced capability made possible by the cryptographic
remailer, which is an "anonymous return address."  The idea is, I can
post to a group like this, or a usenet group, using a pseudonym.  I
also include my anonymous return address, which is basically my
regular return address, encrypted using the public key of a remailer.
People can use this anonymous return address to send to me by
forwarding it through the remailer, which decrypts the address, finds
out who I am, and sends it to me.  The people communicating to me
don't even have to know who I am, or what my email address is.  Two
people could communicate using email, with both of their identities
being protected from the other.  This kind of capability can really
be important in crypto-privacy.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
P.S. Here is the PGP key for this remailer:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.01
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-11-13 11:34:22
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Anonymous return addresses 
Here is an example of how to use the cryptographic remailer at
 to implement an anonymous return address.
Note: this material is a little complicated, but if you will take it a
step at a time you will see that there's not really that much to it.
Suppose I want to receive mail at my address of 74076.1041 at compuserve.com,
but I don't want that address to be known.
First, I create a file with the following contents.  Call it t1:
-------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -------- cut here -----------------------
The first PGP message is my anonymous return address, and the 2nd
PGP message (which the remailer won't try to decrypt) is the encrypted
message for me.
If more people will implement cryptographic remailers, you will be
able to create more secure ARA's which are "nested" so that they go
through two or more remailers, and no one remailer will see the
correspondence between your ARA and your real address.
How might you use an ARA?  You could create a pseudonym, and a public
key corresponding to it.  You could post anonymously, using our
current remailers, to this list or another list.  You could sign your
messages using the public key of your pseudonym, so no one else could
pretend to be you.  And you could put an ARA into your messages so
people could reply to you.  They could reply anonymously if they
wanted to, and could supply you with an ARA of their own.  People
could communicate freely under their online net identities, with
cryptographic protection of their True Names, a la Vernor Vinge.
P.S. Here again is the public key of the remailer at
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.01
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-11-15 03:17:12
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: test message 
This is an un-encrypted test message.  Please ignore.

@_date: 1992-11-15 17:29:37
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Extortion Explosion 
Governments are in the extortion-and-protection racket, as are some well-known
smaller ventures. Why do these major organizations spend effort on protecting,
instead of just extorting? Current protection rackets maintain a monopoly and
manage "their" resources for sustained yield. Without protection, their
revenues would decline through a tragedy of the commons mechanism. Other
rackets would threaten the same victims, piling extortion on extortion, until
the economic field is bare.
Crypto technologies promise to liberate us from government extortion and the
"protection" of victimless crime laws by enabling the growth of a new sphere
of economic activity based on voluntary, secret transactions. But are these
technologies so limited in their power? New opportunities in the extortion industry:
Old problem: the victim may inform the police, making it risky to pick up the
money, which will likely be watched.
     New solution: demand payment via cryptomoney.
Old problem: if you build a reputation for carrying out your threats,
parasitic competitors can issue threats in your name, collecting while your
reputation is good but destroying your reputation by not following through on
     New solution: authenticate your threats and demands with digital
Old problem: you may be caught firebombing the house, shooting the victim,
slashing the victim's daughter's face, or whatever; if you subcontract to a
thug, the thug may be caught and inform on you.
     New solution: use cryptomoney (and a reputation for paying) to hire thugs
while maintaining anonymity.
Old problem: providing protection, so that you keep a supply of economically
viable victims from whom to extort.
     New solution: Please find one! If the government can't protect victims
from you, how can you protect them from competitors?
     If this analysis is correct, then crypto technologies will make extortion
a highly profitable growth industry, making the security of property and
persons (outside tightly-knit walled communities?) incompatible with the
continued existence of free computer networks as we know them. Rather than
suffering from a single oppressor with an incentive to keep us productive, we
would become prey to an unbounded number, each competing to strip our assets
before they vanish. Society will surely suppress free networks once this
starts to happen; the harder it is to suppress free networks, the greater the
oppression will be.
Some objections and answers:
Q:Isn't it too bleak and pessimistic to believe that the best we can do is to
help our oppressors to maintain their monopoly on oppressing us?
A1: The Soviet Union was established as a result of a movement that aimed to
overthrow an oppressive order. Millions then died under an even more
oppressive order. This was bleak, but it happened anyway.
A2: Better one oppressor than many, all competing to be the first to kill and
eat the goose, knowing that they can't get the golden eggs anyway.
A3: Profit is a powerful motive, and conventional profitable activities are
imitated and expanded until demand saturates. Crypto-extortion should be
highly profitable, but the "supply" is delivered by force, so there is no
problem with competitors saturating the "demand" until the victims are drained
quite dry. This gives grounds for pessimism.
Q: Doesn't the enormous potential of this technology for expanding liberty
outweigh these theoretical dangers? What about our hopes and dreams, our
vision of a better world?
A: These hopes spring from a theoretical social and economic analysis of the
impact of crypto technologies, and cryptomoney in particular. The above line
of reasoning extends the same analysis. I hope it is wrong, and would be
greatly relieved to hear a convincing reason for dismissing it. If it stands,
the prospect seems to be either the destruction of society by free networks,
or the destruction of free networks by society. The longer we can postpone
this choice, the better.
Q: Won't cryptomoney be so hard to establish that there's no point in worrying
about this?
A: If so, then there is equally well no benefit in attempting to implement it.
The question is, are there any conditions for "success" that don't generate
disaster? Saying the gun probably isn't loaded isn't an argument for putting
it to your head and pulling the trigger.
Q: Isn't it too late to stop these technologies?
A: For public key communication (secrecy and authentication), probably yes.
For cryptomoney, possibly no. Most of the benefits of crypto technology seem
to come from the former, and most of the danger of an extortion explosion
seems to come from the latter.
Wishful thinking in the pursuit of liberty is no virtue; realism in the
defense of imperfect liberty is no vice. Free-lance oppression isn't freedom,
and I don't want it.
P.S. Your neighbor didn't pay me, and his house is ash. Will you pay me? All I
ask this month is $100, which you can well afford. (Next month is negotiable,
and I can't speak for my competitors.)

@_date: 1992-11-15 19:09:16
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Extortion Explosion 
Cheer up, Cassandra!  Things aren't all that bad.
Many forms of electronic money can be traced if there is cooperation
between the payer and the bank.  For example, in "Untraceable Electronic
Cash", by Chaum, Fiat, and Naor, in Crypto 88, we find Alice withdrawing
money from the bank, re-blinding it, and developing a "digital coin", C.
She then pays that to Bob, who deposits C in the bank.  The protocol
goes to great length to protect Alice, so that the bank can't link C
with her account.  However, if she simply _tells_ the bank the value of C,
then when Bob goes to deposit it, he can get caught.
I can't imagine that this is a big problem right now - people falsely
claiming to represent Big Willie when they actually don't, and trying
to extort money based on Willie's fearsome reputation.  That sounds like
a dangerous business.  So reducing this "problem" won't make much of
a difference.
Well, if thugs know that they are now going to be taking the sole
responsibility for their actions, without the safety of knowing that
they can rat on their employer if worse comes to worst, then they'll
charge more to make up for the greater risk.  This will make extortion
less profitable.
This is the key point.  What stops protection rackets now?  Is it really
the points listed above: that the money may be traced, that others may
falsely benefit from my reputation, that thugs may inform on me?  What
about simple physical surveillance of property?  What about revenge on
the transgressors?  (As above, the revenge would be restricted to the
thugs who did the job, but if it was bad enough it would still have a
strong deterrent effect.)
It makes more sense to have good fire and police forces to deal with
the bad guys than to get all in a tizzy because the bad guys can talk
to each other now without getting caught.
Polyanna ---   Undressed PGP public key.  Dress it up yourself.   ---

@_date: 1992-11-16 21:32:47
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Extortion Explosion 
Cheer up, Cassandra!  Things aren't all that bad.
   > New opportunities in the extortion industry:
   >    > Old problem: the victim may inform the police, making it risky to pick up the
   > money, which will likely be watched.
   >      New solution: demand payment via cryptomoney.
   Many forms of electronic money can be traced if there is cooperation
   between the payer and the bank.  For example, [...]
   However, if she simply _tells_ the bank the value of C,
   then when Bob goes to deposit it, he can get caught.
Fine, if there are some forms of electronic money which can be traced
sufficiently to suppress extortion by rivals, and there are some forms
which are less traceable, will we have the wisdom to advocate the ones
which enable our main oppressor to maintain its monopoly on extorting
us?  I suspect for many on this list, it would be a bitter pill
indeed (it was for me).
   > Old problem: you may be caught firebombing the house, shooting the victim,
   > slashing the victim's daughter's face, or whatever; if you subcontract to a
   > thug, the thug may be caught and inform on you.
   >      New solution: use cryptomoney (and a reputation for paying) to hire thugs
   > while maintaining anonymity.
   Well, if thugs know that they are now going to be taking the sole
   responsibility for their actions, without the safety of knowing that
   they can rat on their employer if worse comes to worst, then they'll
   charge more to make up for the greater risk.  This will make extortion
   less profitable.
Enough to outweigh the new advantages?
   > Old problem: providing protection, so that you keep a supply of economically
   > viable victims from whom to extort.
   >      New solution: Please find one! If the government can't protect victims
   > from you, how can you protect them from competitors?
   This is the key point.  What stops protection rackets now?  Is it really
   the points listed above: that the money may be traced, that others may
   falsely benefit from my reputation, that thugs may inform on me?  What
   about simple physical surveillance of property?  What about revenge on
   the transgressors?  (As above, the revenge would be restricted to the
   thugs who did the job, but if it was bad enough it would still have a
   strong deterrent effect.)
My impression is that *the* weak link in extortion activities now is
how to pick up the money.  This is where most extorters get caught,
and it is where our monopolistic extortion & protect racket
concentrate their protection activities when faced with a competitor.
If someone has a more informed understanding of the practice of "law
enforcement authorities" when faced with competitive extortion, please
post.  Thanks.
   > Wishful thinking in the pursuit of liberty is no virtue; realism in the
   > defense of imperfect liberty is no vice. Free-lance oppression isn't freedom,
   > and I don't want it.
   >    > Cassandra
   It makes more sense to have good fire and police forces to deal with
   the bad guys than to get all in a tizzy because the bad guys can talk
   to each other now without getting caught.
If I believed that the police forces could still protect effectively
when deprived of their major tool (monitoring the money pickup), then
my objection would go away.  However, I don't see how they can.  It's
just too easy to firebomb a house (or any number of other attacks)
when no one's looking.
   Polyanna

@_date: 1992-11-24 22:12:47
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Extortion Explosion 
Here's another thought about how crypto anonymity can improve
public safety.
Today, a lot of police activity is based on informants and "anonymous"
tips.  Policemen build up relationships with underworld characters
who can give them information about criminal activity.  In return,
the police may offer favors, immunity from arrest, perhaps even
cash or contraband in some instances.
Some people have claimed that "anonymous sources" are an excuse sometimes
used to cover up illegal police activity.  An illegal wiretap is used
to acquire information, then a warrant is obtained based on this
information with the claim that it was actually acquired through
an anonymous informant.  With the warrant in place, the wiretap is now
done legally, and evidence is produced which can be used in court.
One problem with anonymous tips is that the people making them are
taking a risk.  If word gets out that a certain person tipped off
the police to some criminal act, they may be targetted for revenge.
Personal meetings between police and informers are often necessary
(perhaps for payoffs to occur) and these are risky for all involved.
Crypto anonymity could make anonymous informing easy and safe.  Of
course, not all tips would be valuable, but some fraction would be
helpful in preventing crimes.  Crypto pseudonyms and signatures could
be used for informants to develop reputations so that those who have
been accurate in the past will get the most attention.  Digital cash
could even be used for payoffs from cops to informants "under the
table", with no need for dangerous face-to-face meetings.
A system could even develop in which police would have to bring to
a judge not just a blanket claim that there was an anonymous informant,
but more substantial evidence, in the form of a digitally signed statement
by a pseudonym known to have produced useful information in the past.
This could reduce the problem of imaginary informants invented to
excuse illegal police activity.
Polyanna -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-11-25 23:12:31
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
This entire business may be pretty simple.  If we have anonymity
both ways, (where one or neither party knows the others physical
location), then who cares about the content of the message? You might as well send it in plain text,  Except you need RSA
just for the signitures so you know you aren't being spoofed.
*RSA signatures ARE money.*
Unless money (accouting, proof) is needed, you don't need RSA.
What you do need is anonymity. {Of course throwing RSA on top
of it with RSA encoded regular keys is a nice touch (no sense in giving
anything away.)}
Now listen up kiddies, what you are playing with is sedition,
conspiricy, and the like.  In other words plain old politics.
Adding mumbo-jumbo (crypto) technology doesn't change a thing.
If you want to do this, it is a simple matter of building a large
enough cooperative group.
How big?  Well bigger than the Hells Angels, Maybe a thousand
people.  I don't know.  Depends on how rough it gets.
But the proceedure is just mutual backscratching.  We all accept
and forward anonymous mail for each other.  So long as it is coded,
we can deny knowledge of the contents.  That can go a long way as
long as the basic activity (of forwarding) itself is not proscribed.
There have been several suggestions here how this would be done.
You send mail to a cooperative site, who forwards it.  That same site
will receive replies.  You collect your mail with specific commands to
dump the accumulated contents to some other node.  It would be moderately
tough to bug one node.  A quick second skip would make it almost impossible to track, 3 quick skips to eternity.
But the trick is to have a large net of standardized, cooperating sites.
There have been suggestions to throw cypher-money into this equation
to pay for the operation of the "MIXes" or the operators of the servicing
nodes.  But that won't work.  In a hostile environment money won't
buy civil disobedience.  It's like you can't pay somebody else to
go to war for you.  We all have to shoulder part of the risk.  We should
evolve some standard "remailer/replier daemon" and run them as a common
service.  It is just our civic duty.
The list of cooperating, volunteer sites would be published in a plain
text group.  You are either on the list or you aren't.
Just the presence of such a cypher mob should stop the forces of darkness.

@_date: 1993-04-16 13:00:25
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: ANON: Chaining to Penet remailer 
I am not very inclined to defend myself or my news.admin.policy
postings, since saying someones an asshole seems to be what the
group is for, but I am listening to the discussion and take seriously
peoples crticisms and listening hard.  FOr what it's worth, I said
I was sorry but It pisses me off that when a nym tells some jerk
to fuck off, everyone jumps all over me.  EVen so, I'll listen to
what people have to say since I don't want to lose access ... without
the remailers I am                                   Nowhere, Man.
Isn't that ironic???

@_date: 1993-08-02 05:58:48
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hi there,
I tried to post anonymously to netnews using the remailers with not
The procedure was for example:
Request-Remailing-To: misc.test at cs.utexas.edu
and I addressed my mail to let's say nowhere-cs.bsu.edu. Using
cs.utexas.edu to post (not anonymously) works though. Any help is
highly 8-) appreciated.
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 1993-08-12 08:43:11
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: patent on remote cash transactions? 
THE MOUSE THAT ROARED. A small company has received a big patent
covering financial transactions from home computers. While
industry giants have bickered over who's on first in home
banking, shopping, entertainment, etc., Online Resources &
Communications Corporation of Fairfax, Va., has received what
appears to be an enormously broad patent covering financial
transactions made from home computers. "The patented payment
process potentially applies to a wide range of nonbanking
services, from pay-per-view television to stock trading done from
home terminals." (New York Times 8/9/93 C2)

@_date: 1993-08-14 21:31:52
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
>There's probably a way to disable the transmitter in the beeper, ...
   > i should think that all the second amendment enthusiasts on this list
   > could come up with something ...
   > peter
Well, the immediate solution is an application of 230-grain hardball,
but you probably had something more sophisticated in mind, huh?

@_date: 1993-08-17 15:10:25
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Private, legal-tender billing & refunding for online services 
In "Twain" and other Internet business concepts there is a big
problem with establishing methods of payments and refunds that is convenient for both the customer and the business, while insuring the privacy of the customer.  AMIX, netcom, et. al. ask for credit card number, keep names and addresses of customers online, probably keep dossiers of services customers have bought, etc.  (Even if not purposefully, they frequently do system backups).  Just about every business has to have a way of recieving payment and distributing refunds to customers, in legal tender.  I'm interested in how to set up a physical mail drop/ATM protocol to allow customers to exchange legal tender for digital postage (or coupons, or greenstamps, or cash, or whatever we want to call it.  Digicash is ideal, but the nomenclature might have to depend on what is legal in various jurisdictions).
Here's my first cut:
Some problems: mail drops and bearer bank accounts may be a major hassle for customers of most service businesses.
Also for "normal" businesses many customers will be turned
off by the "shady" nature of the billing scheme.  (Cf. Cindy's recent response to Tim May's post on her bartering scheme).  There are major legal issues here: is a formal "bearer bank account" legal?  Are digital S&H greenstamps legal?  In what jurisdictions?

@_date: 1993-08-18 21:20:45
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: network parallel decryption amateur style 
Recent postings have gotten me to thinking:  If we wrote a
easily portable UNIX program to decrypt DES in parallel across
our many machines, how fast could we go?
Perhaps we could make use of the anonymous remailers to hide
our cooperation.
How many computers do we have?  I have account on somewhere between
10 and 20 Sparcstation IIPX's which are very lightly loaded
at night...someone else said they have 1500...
PC gurus might want to also make versions for high-speed PC's on
the net.  It wouldn't even need to be very difficult, just maybe
having one complex server which assigns keyranges to every
person who mails in a request, and gets mailed back the range
to check.  It doesn't really have to be automatic, although that
would be nice.
What do y'all think?
-(signature removed, because, this is a dangerous idea.
  That's why I like it ;)

@_date: 1993-08-19 15:20:48
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Cypherpunk DES distributed DES last post 
Since the list keeper has requested, let us let the DES parallel
breaking die, for the time being at least.
I mentioned a possible Cypherpunk project to set up a network
of parallel DES de-cryptors linked by cryptographically secure
anonymous remailers to avoid obvious detection (although one could
argue all those flops in the night might speak for themselves).
A quick test shows the Sparcstation IIPX doing about 100 decryptions
per second in a typical unloaded system from a user account (these
are relatively small decryptions...we assume here we are decrypting
a text which only a small portion needs to be decrypted to reveal
its appropriate entropy measure).
Or over eight unused hours at night, in the neighborhood of 3 million
decryptions.  Let's even assume we can marshall 5000 similar machines
through our combined talents, that's 15*10^9 decryptions.  Keeping in
mind the total 56-bit keyspace is 72*10^15, we're still talking around 5 million nights to solve the problem (~13,000 years).
If we want to solve one system per month, it looks like we can only
handle about 38 bits worth of keyspace.  Not very impressive.
So, until the next technological leap, we can probably forget about

@_date: 1993-08-20 01:30:53
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Violent Revolution? 
++> From: koontzd at lrcs.loral.com (David Koontz )
+ >Cypherpunks are providing the basis for long-range, (relatively) secure
+ >communication between those activists and thinkers who may have the
+ >power to bring down the State and restore the individual autonomy this
+ >nation was originally devised to foster.
++> As I understand it the Libertarian Party qualifies membership to
++> exclude any endorsement of violent overthrow of government.
1]  I didn't see that the writer said anything about Libertarians.
2]  I didn't get the impression that the writer was specifically calling
    for the violent overthrow of the government, only that he/she
    believed that actual violence _might_ eventually come.
++> While some
++> portion of those affected by this policy may well have gone
++> underground...
Of course, I cannot personally say with any accuracy, but I feel
strongly that a private ("underground," if you prefer) network of those
discussing radical options must exist as a direct result of more secure
communication.  I have no evidence of this, but it seems like such an
obvious and irresistable consequence that I can't picture it NOT
happening, especially considering the numbers of pissed-off people using
computer networks these days.
++> I don't  believe that cypherpunks as a committee of the
++> whole are willing or ready  to do so.
1]  I didn't get the impression that the writer was saying that
    Cypherpunks were part of any such conspiracy, if it even exists, but
    only that Cypherpunks tech aided their communications.
2]  I have also never been clear on how formal an organization
    Cypherpunks actually are - if they actually have a platform or a
    membership roster or secret handshakes or have turned the word
    "Cypherpunks" into a registered trademark with marketing licensed
    for logoed adjustable size baseball caps and childrens' lunchbox
    sets.  Is there sufficient officialness for the result of a nut with
    "CYPHERPUNKS!" on his chest in Magic Marker biting off Hillary
    Roddam's left thumb at a press conference to be the forfeiture of
    Tim May's personal fortune under RICO?  I wonder.
++> Then again as someone pointed out yesterday, cypherpunks aren't just
++> libertarians...
Whatever gave you the idea that they were?
++> Some
++> portion, however large of those receiving this mailing list, may not
++> agree with this political leaning and may not consider it germaine to
++> their participation.
Certainly true enough, but who claims to "speak" for cypherpunks anyway?
++> Avoiding the appearance of endorsing the violent overthrow of
++> government  is prudent policy for any organization.
Hell, yes.  If I were signing my name to stuff, I'd be as benightedly
pro-Statist in my posts as David Sternlight himself.

@_date: 1993-08-27 09:02:51
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Commercial PGP; trapdoor rumors 
have you considered the possibility that bidzos is a FUCKING LIAR?
shaen bernhardt put it well many months ago:
    Don't sell out cypherpunks, RSA Inc. will stab you in the back as
    quickly as anyone else.
here's another quote i like to review when i'm feeling too calm.  it
comes from a tcmay description of a cpunx mtg in sf:
    I think I mentioned somewhere that I put Bidzos on the spot
    with what I called "The 64-bit Question": Are you going to cut
    a deal and sell us out? [regarding clipper/capstone]
    Bidzos was very sober when he answered this, and said, roughly:
    "If you mean will I conspire with the government to deny strong
    crypto to users, no. But if Clipper and Capstone are destined
    for deployment and they come to us and offer royalties, what
    choice will we have? We have a duty to our shareholders." And
    as he was leaving for the day, he leaned in the door to our
    meeting and said, as if to reiterate the point, "Tim, I won't
    sell you out."
let me translate bidzos' reply:  I WILL SELL YOU OUT.  so go ahead, rely on bidzos' word.  but take my advice: count your
fingers after shaking hands.

@_date: 1993-08-31 21:14:12
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Able was I ere I saw Elba 
Have recently heard from an official of the Advanced Logistical Planning board
of the city of Plano TX. (near Dallas)
vogon at alp.plano.gov
Something about a proposed hyperspace bypass ......

@_date: 1993-02-28 22:05:13
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Infrastructure 
Some time back there was some debate here about whether MIME
("Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions") features could be exploited
to make encryption easier to use.  I didn't pay much attention at the
time, because I didn't know anything about MIME.  But then a couple of
weeks ago John Gilmore posted about Metamail, a software system
designed to make it easy to integrate MIME into commonly-used mailers.
I've played with Metamail a bit, and I do think this could be a good
approach.  Metamail basically performs a mail-sorting function,
automatically passing mail which has the MIME "Content-type" header to
a filter or display program based on a very flexible "mailcap" file.
To add PGP (or PEM, or RIPEM) support would be a matter of defining a
Content-type header for this application, then creating the
appropriate 1-line entry in the mailcap file.  This does sound like a
pretty easy way to add this capability.
The nice thing is, Metamail has already done the work of figuring out
how to patch a whole bunch of different mailers to add this support.
By using metamail we would be leveraging off this already-existing
work.  Here are some excerpts from the "mailers.txt" file that comes
with the distribution, written by Nathaniel S. Borenstein:
I am very impressed with the range of mailers covered here.
Unfortunately, access to source is needed for most of the patches.
But my guess would be that patched versions would become available
even to people who don't have source.
I'm not really sure what is happening with PGP specifically in terms
of MIME.  I think there has been some work done with PEM integration.
There doesn't seem to be any reason why these programs can't integrate
nicely with MIME, and this Metamail package looks like it might be the
most cost-effective way of getting widespread encryption into use.

@_date: 1993-01-26 22:57:43
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
Thug is wrong about this, but it's a common mistake.  It does seem like
those runs of 0's (and, to a lesser extent, 1's) are dangerous - there's
your plaintext, totally exposed to the prying eyes of strangers!
But, what is forgotten is this: for every run of 0's which would reveal
your plaintext, there is an equally likely pattern of 1's and 0's which
transforms your plaintext into one of Shakespeare's plays.  Or into the
Declaration of Independence.  Or into anything else you like.
You see, xor'ing your message with a random stream means that the
resulting output is equally likely to be _any_ original message.
There is no way in theory or in practice to determine what the message
originally was; that is, all bit patterns are equally likely to be
the original message.
To see an example of this, suppose you had one of the simplest possible
original messages: all 1's.  Now you xor this with a random pattern.
To your dismay, your random stream happens to come up with a large block
of 0's.  This is what would happen:
Original message:   1111111111111111111111111111111111
Random stream:      0011010010000000110111010111001010
Resulting output:   1100101101111111001000101000110101
Look at that big block of 1's in there.  Won't that give it away?  No.
Such a block of 1's is expected to occur occasionally no matter what
the original message.  It's just as likely that the original message
and random stream looked like:
Original message:   1010101010101010101010101010101010
Random stream:      0110000111010101100010000010011111
Resulting output:   1100101101111111001000101000110101
There is no way to tell what the original message was, even when you see
a block of output which seems to match some pattern.  It doesn't tell
you anything.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-30 19:15:46
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Remailer abuse 
Thanks for the many suggestions posted here and sent privately to me
about ways to deal with the possible use of my remailer to send abusive
messages.  I have taken two steps, and I could fairly easily take a
First, I sent a letter to the girl who complained explaining that the
message was not actually from me, that it was from an experimental
remailing software package, and telling her to let me know if she got
more objectionable messages.
Second, I changed the header line inserted by my remailer to what you see
above.  (This message is being forwarded by my remailer.)  Hopefully this
will clue people in to what is happening.  I didn't want to mess with the
message body based on the discussion we have had here on that issue.  I'd
appreciate comments about the wording and appropriateness of the header
line, if anyone can offer improvements.
(As an unprivileged user of this system, I do not have the ability to
create new accounts so that the message would appear to come from
"remailer".  The best I could do is get it into the From: line in the
header, but my name still shows in the "out of band" From line which
precedes the header.)
What I could do, if more "problem" messages come through, is create a
list of people _not_ to forward mail to.  Some people have suggested
the creation of a list not to forward mail _from_, but that is more
difficult in an environment of chained remailers (since I can't always
determine the message source).  It should be pretty easy to check to
see whether the destination of a remail request is on the list of
people "not to be bothered", and to not send it in that case.  We could
even share this list among the various remailer operators.  That does
not require any collusion or message logging, and it seems like it
should largely address the problem.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-07-26 13:20:51
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Digital Money again 
You want David Chaum's company, Digicash. They are in Holland. I have
tried and failed to find telephone, address, or e-mail info for them.
If you do find out, could you let me know? Thanks.
One of the seminal papers on DC-nets and some of the protocols behind
digital cash is available by anonymous ftp from pub/cypherpunks at
soda.berkeley.edu. It's a paper by Chaum. Also, Hal Finney wrote an
excellent article on the basics of digicash that appeared in Extropy
Eric Watt Forste  PGP key ID 0x431347

@_date: 1993-06-09 22:58:25
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: My poll.... 
Uu> I was shocked to find that people still use pgp v2.1.
I don't know where you've been, but version 2.2 has a notorious bug
that locks up the box under numerous situations.  In my experience,
version 2.2 locks up 8088-based computers.  Version 2.1 does not.
There is an unauthorized bug fix version, 2.21.  I use 2.2 as it runs
well on my system.
*  - PGP Key D30909 via servers *
* > What country can preserve its liberties if its rulers are not  <*
* > warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit <*
* > of resistance?  Let them take arms!" - Thomas Jefferson, 1787  <*
... Protect your right to privacy --- Say no to Clipper/Capstone!
___ Blue Wave/QWK v2.12

@_date: 1993-06-10 00:05:02
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: My poll.... 
Uu> I was shocked to find that people still use pgp v2.1.
I don't know where you've been, but version 2.2 has a notorious bug that
locks up the box under numerous situations.  In my experience, version
2.2 locks up 8088-based computers.  Version 2.1 does not.  There is an
unauthorized bug fix version, 2.21.  I use 2.2 as it runs well on my
*  - PGP Key D30909 via servers *
* > What country can preserve its liberties if its rulers are not  <*
* > warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit <*
* > of resistance?  Let them take arms!" - Thomas Jefferson, 1787  <*
___ Blue Wave/QWK v2.12

@_date: 1993-06-16 07:33:23
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: fast des 
how fast is fast des these days?  (i have measured over 2 mbps
on decent workstations.)
i was in a meeting today attended by someone from nsa who said
that 2.4 gbps des chips exists today.  (he got real silent after
blurting this out.  hmm.)
2.4 gbps is 37.5 million des per sec.
it is probably not much challenge to put together a 65,536 element
machine, which would run at 2.5 trillion des per sec.  if i have my
arithmetic right, this could exhaustively test the space of 56 bit
keys in about eight hours.

@_date: 1993-06-17 23:50:08
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Computer Shopper encryption 
If Kragen's RNG from Computer Shopper is called repeatedly with range=256,
so that the resulting values are in the range 0-255 for xor'ing,
it is very weak.  That will mean that the RNG will repeat with period
of at most 256, and so the only question is which of the 256 possible
starting points was used.  In other words you only need to do 256 trial
decryptions (just try seeds from 0-255) and you've got it.
Using the low-order bits of an LCM RNG like this one is a bad idea.  You
should use the high order bits, or use a range which is not a power of
2 so you end up using all the bits.  Even then LCM RNG's aren't crypto-
graphically strong, although from what I have seen the techniques of
breaking them are what a layman would call complicated.  Compared
to breaking, say, DES, though, they are no doubt trivial.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-25 05:32:09
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Chained remails 
M..Stirner at f28.n125.z1.fidonet.org (M. Stirner) sez:
Well, I really used only 5 different remailers, total of 16 hops.  I Should haf
made that clearer.
The ones I used were:
hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu
hh at cicada.berkeley.edu
hh at soda.berkeley.edu
hal at alumni.caltech.edu
hfinney at shell.portal.com
This message will go through 24 hops, just for the heck of it.
....Mr. Funn

@_date: 1993-06-28 05:46:57
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Remailer ping test 
This is distressing.  I just used some of these (1, 2, and 9, which has
just been brought back up) with no problems.  Have any of these remailers
been going up and down?  I've found service to be a bit unpredictable in
the past.  It's a pain to have to test remailers first before each use, and
I can't ping from my site, which makes things even more inconvenient.  Has
anyone else experienced intermittent problems with these reamailers?  Is
there any reason why they should work from some sites and not others?
   --Dave.

@_date: 1993-03-26 13:31:39
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: ANON: Shutdown of Anon.penet.fi 
It is fruitless to guess.  You only tar innocent people.  The truth will
come out, more likely sooner than later.      Nowhere, Man.

@_date: 1993-03-27 20:37:54
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: ANON: Shutdown of Anon.penet.fi 
It is fruitless to try to guess the identity of the famous network
personality.  You only tar innocent people.  The truth will come out,
more likely sooner than later.                     Nowhere, Man

@_date: 1993-05-03 06:13:16
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Shimomura's testimony 
This sounds like the tricks he and Mark Lottor showed off at Hackers
last year, according to the first issue of Wired.  Of course he was
anonymous there; I guess Wired didn't offer him immunity.
I'd like to know more about Shimomura's testimony -- was he just
showing off, or is he selling us out?  Sounds like both.
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1993-05-16 13:24:42
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
This is the second of two documents I received anonymously. Maybe they're
real, maybe they're forgeries. Decide for yourself.

@_date: 1993-11-03 18:57:31
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.eduEternalOptimist 
@_subject: ANON: mail concerns 
Encryption should be the default. Err on the side of caution.
Eternal!Optimist at anon.penet.fi   (copyright 1993, Eternal Optimist [Ha Ha Ha])
 0) 0) =:()]-<

@_date: 1993-11-04 20:42:27
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.eduEternalOptimist 
@_subject: PGP BUG/FEATURE: multi-platform keys 
Recently I have received two keys that were unusable without modification (from wonderer and Sameer) because they were not prepared using canonical text. I had to replace all the carriage returns by hand (this is the workaround for mac users who receive PC keys). Why is non-canonical text even an option in pgp? Who would use it except by mistake?
As long as I'm at it, here are some more macPGP2.3 bugs, for those who care. Trying to decrypt a message signed by a key I don't have causes a serious crash requiring reboot. Trying to select cancel in a signature dialogue just raises the same dialogue box instead of cancelling. I'm running on a powerbook 145 under system 7.0.1.
Eternal!Optimist at anon.penet.fi   (copyright 1993, Eternal Optimist [Ha Ha Ha])
 0) 0) =:()]-<

@_date: 1993-10-04 20:54:48
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Crypto Idea; Multi-Part Sigs 
I've been thinking of an idea I've heard kicking around the list somewhat;
that of digital pseudonyms and groups of people going by one name; likewise
single people going by names that sound like groups.
Let's say that three people decide to create a digital identity for
maybe they plan on dealing with Blacknet as a group. So one of the first
things they might do after getting together might be to create a pgp keypair
with the name of the group on it. But who gets to hold the secret key?
they wish to be thought of and treated like a single entity. However they all
need to be able to decrypt documents addressed to them, and none of them
should be able to sign a document without the consent of the others.
Is it possible to produce a set of keys (for example, 3 private 1 public)
such that       -all three private keys are needed to sign a message from that
                I.D.  and
                -any of the private keys can decrypt anything encrypted with
                the single pubkey.
The way I see it, three (or more) people could have a joint keyID, and if
they wanted to post a message from that ID, the first person would write
the message and sign it with his/her segment of the key. She/he would then
encrypt with the second member's pubkey and annonymously remail it to  who
would sign with the second key segment, re-encrypt with  pubkey, and send
it on to  who would sign with the final key segment and anonymously
post to
the 'Pool'. If a response were posted, all three could read it without
depending on the others.
Is this possible?  In whole or in part? I don't know the math well enough to
figure it out myself, sorry if this is an obvious one.
Happy Hunting, -Chris
Christian Douglas Odhner     | "The NSA can have my secret key when they pry
cdodhner at indirect.com	     | it from my cold, dead, hands... But they shall
pgp 2.3 public key by finger | NEVER have the password it's encrypted with!"
  "If guns are outlawed, only the government will have guns." -E. Abbey
My opinions are shareware. For a registered copy, send me 15$ in DigiCash.
  Key fingerprint =  58 62 A2 84 FD 4F 56 38  82 69 6F 08 E4 F1 79 11

@_date: 1993-10-14 10:52:16
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Generating random numbers from english text 
<  	With the current random number discussion going on, I thought
<  I would point out one convenient way to generate random numbers in
<  the situation where you do not need to generate them frequently.  I believe
<  that Claude Shannon (Dr. Information Theory) proposed this:
<  <  1. Ask a person to speak about any topic for a paragraph or two.
<     Instruct them to generate original sentences, not just repeats of
<     some passage of a written work.  Write down what they say.
<  <  2. The english language has an entropy of 1.0 to 1.5 bits per letter,
<     so it is safe to extract one bit per character.  If you read Shannon's
<     work and its modern interpretation, you will understand that this
<     bit per character is truely random.  It is uncorrelated with all
<     the other bits.  The reason for avoiding a pre-existing written
<     work (poem, article, story, etc), is to avoid a brute force search
<     of the source language space.
   can you provide a citation?  i recently read a paper Shannon wrote [1] on
   a study of randomness in english text, and this is definitely not the    impression i got from it.
   in this study Shannon demonstrates that english-speaking humans are very
   capable of predicting the next letter of an unknown text given the letters
   up to that point (he also shows this for the reverse direction; that is,
   starting at the end of the text and working forward, subjects were almost
   as capable of predicting correctly as they were starting from the front of
   the text).  this seems to imply that there is some non-random relationship
   (statistical or otherwise) among the letters in a text.  might this
   redundancy be carried over into any encoding (MD5 hash, e.g.) of the text?
   theoretically, at least, this may compare to Vigne're ciphers; the key
   is based on some text other than the plaintext.
<  	The modern version of this algorithm, is to compute the
<  MD5 digest of a long text string.  For a 128 bit digest, you need
<  at least 128 characters of source language.  For a larger random number,
<  you can concatenate multiple MD5 values from multiple pieces of source text.
   could someone here describe how this compares to other pseudo-random sources?
   how well would this function as a seed to some other pseudo-random number
   generation process?
[1]  Shannon, Claude E., "Prediction and Entropy of Printed English," Bell
     System Technical Journal, vol. XXX, No. 1, Jan. 1951, pp. 50-64.

@_date: 1993-10-15 08:57:09
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Detecting double-spending (long) 
Here is an attempt to describe Chaum's digital cash from his paper,
Untraceable Electronic Cash, by Chaum, Fiat, and Naor, from the Crypto 88 proceedings.  This cash has the property that the user of the cash can remain anonymous so long as she does not spend it more than once, but if she does double-spend then her identity is revealed.  The explanation is kind of complicated, but I'm hoping to improve this description to the point where people can actually understand it, so I'd appreciate feedback.
This is how it works in general terms:  Alice opens an account with a bank non-anonymously.  She shows ID so that the bank knows who she is; both she and the bank know her account number.  When she withdraws cash, she goes to the bank or contacts them electronically and presents some proof of who she is and what her account number is, and the bank gives her some digital cash.  The digital cash is an information pattern, perhaps stored in a computer file on a smart card or magnetic disk.  Later, she spends the digital cash by sending or giving it to Bob, a merchant.  Bob can check and verify that the cash must have come from the bank.  He accepts the cash if it is valid, giving Alice the merchandise.  Later, he sends the cash to the bank to be added to his own account.
Note that this much could basically be done with a simple RSA signature.  The bank could give Alice a statement saying, "this is worth $1", signed by the bank's public key.  Bob could verify that the statement was in fact signed by the bank, and know therefore that no one else than the bank could have created that statement.  He accepts it and sends it to the bank, which honors it since it recognizes its own signature.
One problem with this trivial money is that double-spending can not be detected or prevented since all the cash looks alike.  This can be remedied by having the cash include a unique serial number.  Now when Bob goes to accept the cash from Alice, he can call the bank and say, has anyone else deposited serial number 123456?  If not, he accepts the cash and deposits it.  This is called on-line electronic money; the merchant must check with the bank for each transaction.
This improved simple system does not deserve to be called cash, though, because it lacks the distinguishing characteristic of digital cash: it is not anonymous.  When the bank sees money with serial number 123456 being deposited, the bank recognizes that this was the same bill that Alice withdrew.  The bank can therefore deduce that Alice spent the money at Bob's, and from this kind of information a dossier could be built up with all kinds of privacy-destroying information about her.
To allow anonymity, we have to get into the mathematics.  What we want is for Alice and the bank collectively to create an RSA signature from the bank that could not be forged, but one which the bank will not recognize as coming from Alice.  This is the first thing Chaum's paper The money in this system is of the form (x, f(x)^(1/3)) mod n, where n is the bank's public modulus.  f() (and, below, g()) is a one-way function, one which can be calculated easily but for which it is infeasible to calculate the inverse.  It should also be infeasible to come up with two different y,z such that f(y) = f(z).  Today there are several suitable choices for one-way functions, the most common being the MD4 and MD5 algorithms from RSA.
The reason the expression above would be accepted as cash is two-fold.  First, only the bank can calculate anything ^ (1/3) mod n.  This is basically the RSA signing operation for the exponent of 3.  Nobody else can find cube roots.  The reason f(x) is used is this.  Suppose we proposed that (x, x^(1/3)) should be the cash, for some random x, reasoning that only the bank could find the cube root of x.  Can you see how to forge cash like this?  (Take a few moments and try to see how you could construct a pair like this even if you can't take cube roots.)
The answer is that it is easy to forge this by first choosing a random y, and exhibiting the pair (y^3, y).  Now we have a number and then its cube root.  Yet we didn't have to take any cube roots to find it.  That's why this kind of money would be no good.
Chaum's system avoids this by taking the cube root of a one-way function of x.  To forge it without taking a cube root you'd have to produce (finv(y^3),  y), which would match the above pattern, but you can't invert the one-way function like that.  So only the bank can create money of the proper form.  This can be thought of as the formal, mathematical form of my informal "money" above which was a digitally signed note with a serial number.  Here, x is the serial number, and it's digitally signed in this special way.  Nothing more is needed.
The nice thing about this money is that it allows for blinding, a method of having the bank sign the value without knowing what value it is signing.  It works like this.  Alice chooses x, which will be the x in the cash.  She calculates f(x), but instead of sending it to the bank to be signed (raised to the 1/3 power) she first chooses a random number r, and sends f(x)*r^3 to the bank.  The bank takes this number to the 1/3 power, getting r * f(x)^(1/3).  Remember, though, that the bank doesn't see r or f(x) separately, but just their product.  It doesn't know what r or f(x) is.  They could each be anything, actually.
The bank sends this r * f(x)^(1/3) back to Alice, and she divides it by r, which she knows.  This gives her f(x)^(1/3), and she puts that together with x to get her digital cash: (x, f(x)^(1/3)).  She has a piece of money which could only have been signed by the bank, yet the bank won't recognize it when it is deposited.
Other, non-mathematical, things take place as this withdrawal goes on.  Alice must prove her identity to the bank, as mentioned above.  And the bank will debit her account by the value of the cash.  In this system, we are assuming for simplicity that all cash has the same value.  In a real system, different values might be encoded by different exponents than 3.
When Alice deposits the money, Bob must call the bank to make sure that it hasn't been deposited before, this being an "on-line" system.  Although the bank won't recognize x (it's never heard of it) it will remember all the x's which have been deposited and so can alert Bob if the money has been spent before.  Both Bob and the bank can verify the digital signature on the money and so will honor it.
All the material above takes up less than one page of Chaum's nine-page paper.  For Chaum, this much is trivial.  Now we get to the interesting part.  Now we will see the scheme that allows double-spenders to lose their anonymity.  This will allow for "off-line" electronic cash; Bob will no longer have to check with the bank to see if the money has already been spent.  He accepts it from Alice knowing that if she does cheat, the bank will honor the cash and sue Alice to make up the loss.
Let's start with the form of the cash itself.  It is the product of k/2 numbers, where k is a "security parameter" that affects the chance of a cheater getting away with it.  Each number is of the form f(xi,yi)^(1/3), where f is a two-argument one-way function like the f above.  (The "xi", "yi", "ai", etc. here are separate values for each i from 0 to k/2.)
xi and yi are like this:  xi = g(ai, ci), where ai and ci are random, and g is another one-way function.  yi is kind of complicated.  It is basically g(ai xor , di).  di is another random number, and , the key to this whole operation, is identifying information about Alice's account!  It is her account number concatenated with a serial number for the cash.
Now, why go through all this?  Here's why.  If you could find out both ai and (ai xor ), for some i, you would know Alice's identity.  (Xor'ing them would produce .)  When Alice double-spends, both ai and ai xor  will be revealed.
What happens when Alice spends the coin is this.  For each i from 0 to k/2 Bob chooses 0 or 1 at random.  If he chooses 1 he gets told ai (and some other stuff).  If he chooses 0 he gets told ai xor  (and other stuff).  The other things he gets told are sufficient to let him confirm that the money is of the proper form.
Now, if Bob does this, he'll know a bunch of ai's, and he'll know a bunch of (ai xor )'s, but they are for different i's.  He doesn't know both ai and (ai xor ) for any one i.  So he can't break Alice's anonymity.
When Bob deposits the money at the bank, he passes along the information he got from Alice regarding the ai's and such.
Now, suppose Alice cheats.  She spends the money again somewhere else, at Charlie's.  Charlie goes through the same procedure as Bob, choosing 0 or 1 at random for each value of i.  Here is the catch.  Since he is choosing at random, it would be very unlikely that he will choose exactly the same 0's and 1's that Bob chose.  (Here is where the size of k matters - making it bigger makes it less likely that Charlie and Bob will choose the same pattern of 0's and 1's.  But it makes the calculations take longer.)  That means for one or more values of i, Charlie will probably choose a 0 where Bob chose a 1, or vice versa.
Because of this, if Bob got ai for that i, Charlie will get ai xor .  Or if Bob got ai xor , Charlie will get ai.  Either way, when Charlie sends his record of this information to the bank, the bank will put Bob's and Charlie's information together and get both ai and ai xor .  Xor'ing these together reveals , and Alice is caught!  This is the main idea.
All the other things, the ci's and di's and such, are there so that Bob can confirm that the money is of the proper form.  For each value of i Alice has to give him enough information to calculate xi and yi.  If Bob chooses a 1, she gives him ai, ci, and yi.  Given ai and ci Bob can calculate xi (=g(ai,ci)), and with this and yi he can calculate f(xi,yi).  If Bob chooses a 0, she gives him (ai xor ), as described before, and also di and xi.  Given (ai xor ) and di, Bob calculates yi (=g(ai xor , di)), and with this and xi he can calculate f(xi,yi).
So for each i, whether Bob gives a 0 or a 1 he gets enough information to calculate f(xi,yi).  He multiplies these all together and confirms that they are equal to Alice's original "money" value when it is taken to the 3rd power (recall the money was product of f(xi,yi)^(1/3) for all i).  Only the bank could have produced a signature on this one-way function f whose arguments take this special form.
One more complication exists.  (Well, actually, an almost infinite number of complications exist if you look hard enough.  But we'll just
focus on one more.)  Alice needs to get this special form of money from the bank in such a way that the bank won't recognize it.  That means she has to blind it.  But in this case the bank wants to be sure that the money is of the proper form when it signs it; in particular, it wants to make darned sure that Alice's  which is buried deep in all of those f's of g's is actually the right one for her.  But since the bank can't see what it is signing, this is hard to do.
Chaum uses cut-and-choose for this.  He has Alice prepare all these f's and g's according to the form above, carefully embedding her own incriminating  in each one.  Then she multiplies each f(xi,yi) by a blinding factor ri^3 just like in the first cash.  These are what she sends to the bank to be signed.
The trick, though, is that she sends twice as many as will be used.  She sends k of them, but only k/2 will be used.  (That's why the loop above used k/2 as the limit.)  The bank chooses k/2 at random out of the k she sent as the ones which will actually be used.  Alice then has to send the blinding ri values for the ones which the bank didn't pick.
The idea is that if Alice tries to cheat, embedding "Bozo" instead of "Alice" in that  field, she's taking a chance.  First, to be useful, she's going to have to embed it in a lot of  fields for different values of i.  When Bob and Charlie compare notes after she double-spends, every value of i for which they chose different 0's and 1's, which will be on the average half of them, will reveal an  field.  If she only fakes a few, chances are her real identity will still be revealed.
But if she falsifies a great many of them, then when the bank chooses half, chances are at least some of the fake ones will be in the set the bank didn't choose.  Then when Alice has to reveal her blinding r's, the jig will be up.  The bank will un-blind all those f(xi,yi)'s which aren't being used, and see the fake  fields.
This cut-and-choose methodology has the disadvantage that Alice has to do twice as much work in preparing the money, half of which will just be thrown away.  But it is a simple, "brute force" way to make sure that blinding signatures are actually being done on properly-formed data.
So, there you have it.  Anonymity as long as you don't cheat, and double-spenders get caught.  It's a little complicated but that's what computers are for; Bob and Alice wouldn't do all this stuff by hand.  Alice would push the "generate a money candidate" button and get something to be sent to the bank (lots of the new PDA's have infrared wireless communications that would be perfect for face-to-face transactions).  Bob would push the "check money" button when Alice spent it and it would flash red or green.  As long as the calculations don't actually take too much time, which they really wouldn't in this case despite this long-winded explanation, the people involved can ignore the Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-15 12:52:31
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Detecting double-spending 
Wonderer asks about Alice guessing the bank's random choices of the
blinded f()'s that she creates.  Certainly this would let her cheat.
The bank would probably use a quantum-based hardware random number
generator (as a seed, at least) to make this impossible.
To take cube roots, the bank must find a d such that d*3 = 1 mod
(p-1)(q-1), where p and q are the secret primes in its RSA system.
Finding such a d is a simple application of Euclid's algorithm.  It
has the property that (m^d)^3 = (m^3)^d = m.  In other words, taking
a number to the power of d produces its cube root.  This is the basic
mathematics behind the RSA public-key cryptosystem.
Marc Horowitz asks about collusion between Bob and Charlier to pick the
same 1's and 0's.  It is true that this would defeat the scheme.  However,
the chances of this happening randomly are so low that the bank would
know that at least one of them was cheating, although it would not know
Chaum discusses this threat in his paper.  He suggests that each merchant
in the system would have a unique ID number.  The 1's and 0's that the
merchant uses in the payment protocol would be partially random choices
as I described and partially based on the unique ID.  Since all ID's are
different this would guarantee that any two merchants would use different
patterns of 1's and 0's even if they were cheating.
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-15 19:30:13
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: Detecting double-spending (long) 
(Actually, it _is_ from the person in the "from" address above.  The
Portal system, from which I usually post, seems to have lost the ability
to send mail to toad.com.)
Wonderer asks:
This method does not depend on trusting the bank not to reveal Alice's
identity.  That's why this is called "cash".  As long as she does not
double-spend, her identity is kept secret.
I'm not sure whether you are asking about the part of the protocol
where Alice withdraws her cash from the bank, or the later part where she
spends the money and the merchant sends it to the bank.  When she
withdraws the money, she blinds the f(xi,yi) candidates by multiplying
them by ri.  For half of those, she has to reveal the ri, but that half
IS NOT USED in the rest of the protocol.  The ones which are used are
blinded and so the bank never sees her  in those.
When she spends the money and reveals the values to the merchant,
Alice only includes her  in the form (ai xor ), where
ai is a random value that nobody knows unless she double-spends.  The
ai "blinds" the  so that (ai xor ) does not reveal .
Only if she double-spends is both ai and (ai xor ) revealed for
some i, and only then is her  exposed.
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-16 20:47:45
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: digital cash/legal tender 
F. Griffith argues that a digital cash system in which the cash must
be exchanged at the bank between transactions is really just an electronic
checking system.
It is true that this is an inconvenient attribute of some digital cash
systems, but there is still an important difference between these systems
and digital checking.  The cash exchanges are anonymous.  Bob, the merchant,
does not know who is sending him (or handing him) the digital cash.  With
a checking system, OTOH, you know who is giving you the check, because
they sign their name to it.
There have been some cash proposals which don't require this bank exchange
at each step.  Barry Hayes had one which was analogous to a check which
was endorsed over from one person to the next at each transaction.  Alice
would write the check to Bob, who would endorse it over to Charlie, who
would endorse it over to Delores, and so on.  This doesn't sound very
anonymous, but Hayes was going to let people use pseudonyms rather than
their real names.  He used a variation on Chaum's double-spending detec-
tion that I posted that long message about to catch people who cheated.
This system was described in the AusCrypt proceedings.
It's important to be aware of the difference between digital cash and other
forms of digital money.  Cash protects privacy; most other proposals would
impair it.  Our goal here, insofar as we can still be said to have one, is
to protect privacy.
As far as the acceptability of digital cash, there are two issues that I
see.  One is whether the cash is legal, and the other is whether it would
be accepted.  My opinion is that if digital cash is or could be made
legal, it would be accepted.  As others have argued, we have many examples
(travelers checks, credit cards) where people accept money substitutes
without government backing.
As for its legality, I posted some research results on this earlier this
year.  Until the 1860's, private banks created and circulated their own
banknotes.  Around the time of the civil war, a 10% tax was created on
these notes by the federal government to drive them out of circulation,
which it did.  This tax is still on the books, but I'm not familiar with
its details.  The other way banks can issue cash is by holding certain
kinds of gold-backed federal certificates, but these certificates don't
exist any more.  So at this point my conclusion was that it would not be
legal for a bank to issue its own cash other than by paying the 10% tax,
which was considered prohibitive.
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-17 13:56:54
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: RISKS of using email for dcash 
[It is with some trepidation that I try, for the third time, to send this
to the list.  Ever since I tried the first time my email to the list has
silently failed.  This is pretty strange, given the topic of the mail!]
If we have digital cash, we may want to send it through the mail.  Sending
regular cash through regular mail is not safe, as we all know.  The cash
could get lost or stolen.  With digital cash, stealing can be made less
of a problem; it can be encrypted with the public key of the person who
wants to receive it.
But loss is still a problem.  Email is not perfectly reliable.  All too
often we experience mail bounces, errors, or mysterious disappearances.
Given the heterogenous nature of the net and the many systems through which
mail must often pass, this is not too surprising.  People have to learn to
adapt to the vagaries and inconsistencies involved and take special care
when they are sending something important.  (I've been trying for the last
three days to send a particular message (part 7 of a 13-part archive) from
my school account to my work account.  So far I've sent it three times.  I'm
hoping it will come through today.)
With digital cash, this problem will come to the fore.  Many people never
send anything too important through email, but once they start sending cash,
they will care if it disappears.  Losing money gets people's attention.
The solution, generally, is to keep a copy of whatever important mail you
send, so that you can re-send it if it doesn't appear.  Then, if and when
you get confirmation that the mail has arrived, you can delete the copy.
It will complicate any implementation of digital cash if it has to be
aware of and concerned with this problem.  The protocols involved with
a secure cash system can be complicated enough on their own without having
also to deal with an unreliable transport system.
My suggestion is that this problem should be solved at the level of the
email system.  There should be a protocol for reliable email.
Software to implement reliable email would save copies of outgoing mail,
automatically send receipts when mail arrives, re-send mail which does
not arrive after a certain period of time, handle duplicate mail arrivals,
and so on.  It would present to the user a model of an email system which
is reliable as far as message delivery.  All the issues of dealing with
an unreliable network would be hidden by the reliable email system.
This would be analogous to how network protocols implement reliable stream
connections on top of unreliable datagram packet connections.  Imagine how
difficult it would be to write network software if all we had to work with
were unreliable packets.  The stream abstraction makes it far easier to use
the network.  It lets programmers concentrate on the protocols specific to
their application.
Reliable email would have advantages beyond digital cash, of course.  As
we move to a world where more commercial data travels on the network the
impact of lost email will increase.  I'm sure we can all think of applications
which would benefit from a truly reliable mail model.
I recognize that implementing reliable email would not be easy given the
vast range of mail agents which exist on the net.  I think the first step
would be to specify a protocol for receipt and re-transmission so that
"reliable-aware" mail agents would have the tools needed to implement the
reliable transmission.  Then it would be a matter of time and user pressure
to get this support built into more mail agents.
The real point of my suggestion is that implementors of digital cash should
not worry about message transmission.  I was trying to work out a dcash
system some time back and this became a big headache - when to safely delete
a digital "banknote" which had been sent to a vendor.  My feeling now is
that the digital cash system should ignore this problem, encouraging users
to put pressure on their email servers to provide them with reliable mail.
Hal Finney
hfinney at shell.portal.com

@_date: 1993-10-20 10:12:35
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: pseudospoofed out 
< A basic principle of
< discourse is that the validity of an idea is independent of its source
< (which is why ad hominem attacks are considered invalid).  Yet this
< principle is not widely followed (which is why ad hominem attacks are
< considered effective).
i believe the reason this principle is not often followed is because so much context is gained from knowing who a person is.  not just the
message history, but knowing what a person's experience and profession
are can be extremely helpful in understanding the intent of the communication.
removing the sender's identity also removes a substantial amount of semantic information.  computers might be able to send billions of bits
per second over a network, but it's up to us humans to remove the degrees
of freedom and figure out what is really meant.
< Dug's solution enforces the discipline of judging
< each piece of mail on its own merits.  Maybe more people should consider
< this approach.
i don't think that's what he meant.  Doug Luce  says:
< if i can't figure out who it is by the context, the sender loses.
which means to me, doug is still using contextual information gained by
his knowledge of the sender.
as an example, i often find mr. detweiler's posts to this list difficult
to interpret, since i don't know him personally.  is he playing devil's
advocate? is he just trying to be entertaining? is he deliberately behaving
in a schizophrenic manner, or is he just a victim of MPD?  i can't tell from his posts alone.
which is why i believe that honest humans for the most part will have no
good reason to spoof.  trusted communication just won't work without
reputation.  both the sender and receiver rely on context provided by reputation to send comprehensible messages.
i liked the point made recently that e-mailing lists are often like
discussions at a coffee house, and are not formal environments for objective
culling of opinion.

@_date: 1993-10-24 07:58:35
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: pirate radio 
There's an article on this morning's front page of the New York Times (10/24/93) about a guy in Berkeley who runs a pirate station and gives seminars on how to do likewise on the cheap. Better get judgement proof first, though - FCC is trying to fine him $20,000.
Eternal!Optimist at anon.penet.fi   (copyright 1993, Eternal Optimist [Ha Ha Ha])
 0) 0) =:()]-<

@_date: 1993-10-31 22:33:47
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: ANON: remailer list 
============================== START ==============================
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Cypherpunk anonymous remailers, 11/1/93
Q1: What are the anonymous remailers?
 1: remailer%chaos at bsu.edu
 2: nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu
 3: hh at cicada.berkeley.edu
 4: hh at pmantis.berkeley.edu
 5: hh at soda.berkeley.edu
 6: 00x at uclink.berkeley.edu
 7: cdodhner at indirect.com
 8: hal at alumni.caltech.edu
 9: cs60a-qu at cory.eecs.berkeley.edu
10: ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu
11: catalyst at netcom.com
12: sameer at netcom.com
13: remailer at rebma.mn.org
14: elee6ue at rosebud.ee.uh.edu
15: elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu
16: hfinney at shell.portal.com
17: sameer at soda.berkeley.edu
18: remail at tamsun.tamu.edu
19: remail at tamaix.tamu.edu
20: remailer at utter.dis.org
21: remailer at entropy.linet.org
22: elee9sf at menudo.uh.edu
23: remail at extropia.wimsey.com
NOTES: 1-7		no encryption of remailing requests
8-22		support encrypted remailing requests
23		special - header and message must be encrypted together
13,20,21,23	introduce larger than average delay (not direct connect)
13,20,23	running on privately owned machines
14		requires "cash" payment for remailing
22		supports RIPEM encryption, caches remailing requests
Q2: What help is available?
Check out the pub/cypherpunks/remailer directory at soda.berkeley.edu
(128.32.149.19).  chain.zip             - program that helps with using remailers
dosbat.zip            - MSDOS batch files that help with using remailers
hal's.instructions.gz - in depth instruction on how to use
hal's.remailer.gz     - remailer code
pubkeys.tar.gz        - public keys of remailers which support encryption
pubkeys.zip           - MSDOS zip file of public keys
scripts.tar.gz        - scripts that help with using remailers
For MAC's, at 129.82.156.104 in /pub/pgpc/ are two files:
pgpc22.tar.gz, pgpc22.tar.Z which assist in using the anonymous
remailers, including anon.penet.fi.
Mail to me (klbarrus at owlnet.rice.edu) for further help and/or questions.
Q3.  Email-to-Usenet gateways?
 1: group-name at cs.utexas.edu
 2: group.name.usenet at decwrl.dec.com
 3: group.name at news.demon.co.uk
 4: group.name at news.cs.indiana.edu
 5: group-name at pws.bull.com
 6: group-name at ucbvax.berkeley.edu
*  This does not include ones that work for single groups, like twwells.com.
 blocks from non-berkeley sites (so use the berkeley remailers :-)

@_date: 1993-09-12 01:03:17
@_author: nobody@alumni.cco.caltech.edu 
@_subject: nada 
Some comments on the relationship between anarchy and
privacy: 1.  There have been some recent posts suggesting that     privacy is not fundamentally subversive of     government, and that cypherpunks should emphasize      the privacy and keep quite about the anarchy.  I     find these arguments disingenuous in the extreme,     and strategically unsound as well. 2.  Cypherpunks believe that privacy is fundamentally     subversive.  Come on, folks, whom do you want     privacy FROM, if not your own government?      Otherwise there's no logical objection to the     key-escrow, trust-big-brother schemes. 3.  The government has shown by its behavior that it     believes that privacy is fundamentally subversive.
4.  I personally find privacy, in itself, only mildly     interesting.  As a tool to undermine the government,     I find it VERY EXCITING INDEED.
5.  Cypherpunks' mission is to evangelize the use of     privacy.  Sell the sizzle, not the steak!  Privacy
    is the steak.  The sizzle is the possibility of     GETTING AWAY WITH SOMETHING.
