
@_date: 1998-06-30 18:18:41
@_author: nodebt@mail-info.com 
@_subject: A *Gold-Mine*--Right Under Your Nose?!! 
A *Gold-Mine*--Right Under Your Nose?!! Take just a minute and look down.  What do you see?  A thin plastic board with keys on it?  How would you feel if I told you those keys were lined with gold?  Well, it's true!  The keys on your keyboard are FILLED
with PURE GOLD--just sitting there waiting for you to mine
it out!
The Internet...Online Mass Marketing.
With the potential to reach millions, the Internet is the
perfect place to market a product or an idea.  And, the
wonderful thing is that you can have as great a presence
on the World Wide Web as the biggest of the big
corporations, perhaps even greater--
IF YOU HAVE THE TOOLS - and - IF YOU KNOW HOW TO USE THEM!
That is why I want to tell you about Online Success.
Online Success is a resource center dedicated to
providing you with the tools to cash in on the
TREMENDOUS OPPORTUNITIES to be found through
mass Internet marketing-AND-teaching you how to
use them.
It may be far easier then you think...
if you know the inside secrets. As a member of the Online Success group, you will have
the constant support of a staff of highly experienced
Internet marketers.  You will be carefully guided step by
step along your path to AMAZING PROFITS through online
marketing success.
A few examples of what we offer:
HOTTEST online classifieds.
TOP 100 search engines.
and webspace.
 (An absolute must!)
You will also gain access to the Online Mass Marketing
Institute where you will learn how to make the web work for you.
You have no product to offer?  No problem!  Online Success can even provide you with that!
***And now for the truly amazing Part!***
All of this can be yours for FREE simply by referring two
other individuals that become active Online Success
As a matter of fact, we will PAY YOU a 40% commission
on any additional active referrals!
Imagine that!  MAKE MONEY while you learn how to MAKE MONEY!
So, why not see how easy it is to mine that wealth of gold
from your keyboard--with the help of Online Success.
Come to our web-site at:
Find out what it's all about and start down your path to
Internet marketing prosperity!
Thank You,
Karen Flowers
Ref # 109
nodebt at mail-info.com
P.S. Join NOW and we will ALSO include 250 HOT Internet and Business Marketing Reports with FULL reprint and resale rights...FREE!
This is NOT some simple collection of raw ideas. These reports are being sold on the Internet right NOW for $49.95!  YOU can become an INSTANT self publisher by selling these reports!
P.S.S. We will also include FREE (a $50 value), the stand alone report: "How To Make $1,600 A Week Online...Starting NOW!"
This report contains the SECRETS to making money online that the Internet marketing insiders DON'T want YOU to know!
HURRY! This offer from Online Success is for a LIMITED time. Make sure you DO NOT miss this new and exciting opportunity that will take the Internet by storm!
