
@_date: 2001-07-09 23:38:32
@_author: myCNN 
@_subject: Important Announcement about myCNN 
Dear myCNN.com User, Thank you for subscribing to myCNN.com. We've enjoyed bringing you the best
customized news coverage from across the world. Starting this month, we will
be combining our product with My Netscape, Netscape.com's personalized service,
to provide an even better experience. CNN's unmatched news coverage will still
be available to you as a My Netscape user and you'll have access everything
you need to handle your day-to-day activities like tracking your stock
portfolio, daily horoscope, music and movie news, links to your favorite sites,
local news, weather, and online shopping deals. Please take time to visit My Netscape and personalize your Internet experience.
You will need to choose a screen name that you will use for all Netscape
services including a free Mail account, online Calendar, Instant Messenger and
more. On July 23, 2001, myCNN.com will be discontinued and My Netscape will continue
to provide you with the latest CNN news.  Best regards, CNN and Netscape NOTE: CNN will continue to maintain all information obtained related to your
mycnn.com account in accordance with our privacy policy, located at

@_date: 2001-07-21 09:19:58
@_author: myCNN 
@_subject: Final Announcement about myCNN 
Dear myCNN.com User, A notice was recently sent to you about myCNN.com's integration
with My Netscape.  We are sending you this second note to remind you that that
myCNN.com will no longer be available after July 23, 2001.  We encourage you to
create a new personalized page with My Netscape so you can continue to get the
latest news and information tailored to your interests. The next time you visit myCNN.com, you will see a page that directs you to
My Netscape to build your page.  You will be required to choose a screen name
that you will use for all Netscape services including a free Mail account,
online Calendar, Instant Messenger and more. Thank you for your continued support, CNN and Netscape
