
@_date: 1997-11-22 23:44:16
@_author: noreply@noreply.net 
@_subject: Get Your Mailbox Stuffed with CASH for the Holidays! 
I Never Thought I'd Be the One Telling You This...
I Actually Read a Piece of E-Mail,
And Now I'm Going to Europe for the Holidays!
My name is Karen Liddell; I'm a 35-year-old mom, wife, and part-time
accountant.  As a rule, I delete all unsolicited "junk" e-mail and use
account primarily for business.  I received what I assumed was this same
e-mail countless times and deleted it each time.
About two months ago I received it again and, because of the catchy
line,  I finally read it.  Afterwards, I thought , "OK, I give in, I'm
to try this.  I can certainly afford to invest $20 and, on the other
there's nothing wrong with creating a little excess cash."  I promptly
four $5 bills and, after receiving the reports, paid a friend of mine a
fee to send out some e-mail advertisements for me.  After reading the
reports, I also learned how easy it is to bulk e-mail for free! I was not prepared for the results.  Everyday for the last six weeks, my
box has been overflowing with $5 bills; many days the excess fills up an
extra mail bin and I've had to upgrade to the corporate-size box!  I am
d by all the cash  that keeps rolling in!
My husband and I have been saving for several years to make a
downpayment on a house.  Now, not only are we purchasing a house with
down, we're going to Venice, Italy for the holidays to celebrate!
I promise you, if you follow the directions in this e-mail and be
prepared to
eventually set aside about an hour each day to follow up (and count your
money!), you will make at least as much money as we did.  You don't need
be a wiz at the computer, but I'll bet you already are.   If you can
open an
envelope, remove the money, and send an e-mail message, then you're on
way to the bank.  Take the time to read this so you'll understand how
easy it
is.  If I can do this, so can you!
                                                  GO FOR IT NOW!
.........Karen Liddell
The following is a copy of the e-mail I read:
This is a LEGAL, LOW-COST, MONEY-MAKING PHENOMENON.
PRINT this letter, read the directions, THEN GET STARTED TODAY!
You are about to embark on the most profitable and unique program you
ever see.  Many times over, it has demonstrated and proven its ability
generate large amounts of cash.  This program is showing fantastic
with a huge and ever-growing on-line population desirous of additional
This is a legitimate, LEGAL, money-making opportunity.  It does not
you to come in contact with people, do any hard work, and best of all,
never have to leave the house, except to get the mail and go to the
This truly is that lucky break you've been waiting for!  Simply follow
easy instructions in this letter, and your financial dreams will come
When followed correctly, this electronic, multi-level marketing program
perfectly... 100% OF THE TIME!
Thousands of people have used this program to:
    -  Raise capital to start their own business
    -  Pay off debts
    -  Buy homes, cars, etc.,
    -  Even retire!
This is your chance, so read on and get started today!
