
@_date: 2001-12-20 16:35:09
@_author: Singleton, Norman 
@_subject: Magic Lantern 
The FBI Congressional Liason office respond to my inquiry on Magic Lantern by telling me they could not provide me with any information on this because it is "classified." She also said she was told that the project is still being developed and it was a "mistake" that coverage of this has made it into the media. The Congressional liaison also said the folks working on this would not tell her anything about the project.
Norman Kirk Singleton
Legislative Director
Congressman Ron Paul
202-225-2831 (ph)

@_date: 2001-09-21 13:26:44
@_author: Singleton, Norman 
@_subject: No subject 
Friends, even some alleged "conservatives" are eagerly anticipating sacrificing liberty for the illusion of security [...]
    Wednesday, September 19, 2001 (3:13 PM ET)
    Bedfellows. The Moose is heartened by the national show of unity
    against terrorism. But, beware of strange bedfellows.
    The alliance of right and left wing flotsam and jetsam is nothing new
    on the foreign policy front. We witnessed it during the Kosovo
    conflict when noted hawks such as Lott and DeLay joined the "peace
    now" crowd. With a direct attack on the American homeland, dissident
    voices are muted but have not entirely disappeared.
    The most bizarre example comes from Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson
    who suggested that the attack was God's wrath against a nation that
    has sinned. This was a new theocratic right variant on the "Blame
    American First" theme that used to be the purview of the left. As was
    eloquently stated during the 2000 Republican primaries, Robertson and
    Falwell are truly the "agents of intolerance."
    Meanwhile, a few timid left voices are suggesting that we must look
    for "root causes" for the terrorist behavior. However, the American
    people are not in a receptive audience for the root cause crowd.
    A more pernicious development is an emerging right-left alliance
    against the ability of law enforcement to conduct domestic
    surveillance of terrorists.
    According to the Washington Post, groups ranging from the ACLU to the
    Free Congress Foundation and the Gun Owners of America are uniting to
    "declare their concerns that increased surveillance initiatives would
    invade privacy." One conservative group called the Coalition for
    Constitutional Liberties declared that, "our most basic and
    fundamental freedoms are under attack unlike any time since the
    Revolutionary Era."
    The Moose would find this all so amusing if it weren't so sad. Some on
    the right have long had the constitutional outlook of the ACLU on
    issues ranging from soft money to the drug war.
    Yes, there is a tremendous threat to our security, but it isn't coming
    from the FBI! The unholy alliance of the right and the left is not
    focused on stopping terrorists who threaten our very lives, but rather
    on restraining law enforcement which seeks to protect our safety.
    Privacy is fine, but at a time such as this, we must guard our
    security first. This right-left coalition is just another variant on
    the discredited liberal gang from the 60's which sought to tie the
    hands of the police against criminals.
    Make no mistake, there is a terrorist conspiracy operating within the
    borders of the United States. According to testimony from a federal
    official during congressional hearings last year, "As we know, Middle
    East terrorist groups - such as Hezbollah, Hamas, and Osama bin
    Laden's organization - are using computerized files, email and
    encryption to support their organizations."
    Some so-called conservatives have long opposed allowing law
    enforcement to have encryption-busting powers. Evidently, the largesse
    of the computer industry and other special interests can be very
    influential. The Moose, however, makes no apologies for desiring that
    the FBI has every tool available to thwart the terrorist plans. Give
    Attorney General Ashcroft all he requests, and more.
    If this is war, it is time for both the left and the right to choose
    sides.
    [...]
