
@_date: 1993-11-15 13:44:01
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: UNIX: Chaos Gains Reliability 
Hello, all,
     I am about six-thousand messages behind on the cypherpunks list, but I
just wanted to tell everyone that I *finally* got a reliable kernel last night.
The patch to my hard drive driver has been installed and verified to be
avoiding the hang problems that chaos had.  The system maintenance schedule
has likewise been modified.  It now reboots only at 5 am daily.  If it holds
up this week, I will change the reboot schedule to once a week (probably
Sunday or Monday morning at 5 am CST).
     If anyone is interested in an account on chaos, they are freely available
granted you have a good reason (i.e., intend to write code, be a productive
user, etc.) by request.  Telnet to chaos.bsu.edu (147.226.53.28) and login
as guest (all lowercase).  It will direct you through the account request
     **IMPORTANT**  Chaos has very limited disk space (200 MB) right now.  The
planning committee has decided that once a reliable kernel has been installed
(which I believe was yesterday), we would begin to solicit donations for an
additional 500+ MB of storage.  The deal is (and I think this is pretty fair),
once the users have raised enough to pay for half of the new hard drive, I
will chip in the rest.  Anyone who donates money toward the acquisition of a
new hard drive will be given extra space on the new drive (we haven't quite
decided how it will be done, but two plans are:  give donated users write
access to an additional partition OR move their home directory to the new
partition).  Either way, all non-donated users will be the recipients of a
brand-spanking-new QUOTA!  I'm sorry, there just isn't the space.  Oh, another
thing, when the new drive arrives, it will supplement what is already there.
The old hard drive will not be removed.
     Any comments?  Reply in e-mail, this is not particularly relevant to
cypherpunks.  BTW, what does everyone think of the gopher site?  I'm going
to work on the FTP/NFS site some more one of these days.
Chael Hall
nowhere at chaos.bsu.edu
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu
chall at bsu.edu
00CCHALL at bsuvc.bsu.edu

@_date: 1993-09-02 10:49:42
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: Chaos up and running 
I know, long time, no post...  Well, I have been very busy this summer.
The end result is that my machine (chaos) is finally online.  I will be
running an anonymous remailer (maybe more than one) from this site and
intend to run a pseudonymous system like anon.penet.fi here.  I have
implemented it and need a little help incorporating PGP encryption.
The machine is in a secure area and is under the exclusive control of
At the moment, I am prepared to provide accounts to those who are willing
to help improve the system in some way.  If you feel that you can contribute,
there are several avenues by which you can do so.  For example (this is
not an exhaustive list):
     1.  Upload cypherpunks-related files to the anonymous FTP area.
     2.  Telnet or rlogin to chaos.bsu.edu (147.226.53.28) and login
         as guest.  Follow the instructions to request an account.
     3.  Write me (nowhere at chaos.bsu.edu or root at chaos.bsu.edu or
         nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu or chall at bsu.edu or 00CCHALL at bsuvc.bsu.edu)
         with a request for an account.
If you choose either option two or three above, please tell me what you
intend to accomplish through having this account and in what positive ways
your having an account will impact my system.  Odds are, you will be accepted.
There is great potential in having this system on the Internet.  I am creating
a mail server to aid in discussion about the direction that chaos is going to
head.  Anyone who would like input on this please send a request to be put
on the mail server and I will set it up when we get a few brains together.
This is just a quick note (it's lunchtime in Indiana) so if I glossed over
anything or neglected to mention something, let me know.  The following
addresses might be of interest to you:
     remailer at chaos.bsu.edu
     anon.ping at chaos.bsu.edu and anon.help at chaos.bsu.edu
For a list of anon.* addresses for specific functions, finger anon at chaos.bsu.edu
We were having some lookup problems since chaos has only been online for two
days...  Please mail my nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu account if you cannot access the
system for any reason.
Chael Hall

@_date: 1993-09-12 14:54:23
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: chaos.bsu.edu online (again) 
Sorry about that...  I will remember not to disklabel my swap partition
again like that.  Unfortunately, a lot of data was lost last week when I
killed my 386BSD partition.  One thing that I lost was the pseudonymous
contact service that I had written.  The remailer, however, has been enhanced
a little bit (nothing noticeable) and is now running on chaos.  The remailer
address is .  This is *not* a user account, so if you
mess up a message to the remailer, your message will bounce with an
appropriate error code.
     Please try it out and let me know if you have any problems with it.
Accounts are available, the same restrictions apply as in my previous message.
Telnet to chaos.bsu.edu and login as "guest" to apply for an account.  There
is a mail server named "plans" on here too.  I created it with the intention
of getting others' input on the direction that chaos should go.  So, if you
would like to help give some constructive criticizm, please send a
subscription request to "plans-admin at chaos.bsu.edu" now!
Chael Hall
{nowhere|root}	nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu
00CCHALL at bsuvc.bsu.edu		chall at bsu.edu

@_date: 1994-04-29 08:09:31
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: REMAIL:  Logging turned off 
The BSU remailers are behaving very well lately.  So I am going to turn off the complete message logging again.  It appears that adding Anon-To did the trick.  Anyone with problems remailing through either nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu or remailer at chaos.bsu.edu should first check the following finger information before giving up:
     Any requests for help or information will be referred to these finger addresses.  If you cannot finger, send an e-mail message to remailer.help at chaos.bsu.edu and it will mail you a personalized copy of the same file.  :)
     Questions, problems, and complaints that can't be solved with the help info provided should be addressed to remailer-admin at chaos.bsu.edu.  By the way, there is lots more information available from chaos via finger.  Try fingering remailer at chaos.bsu.edu for a list of other account names to finger.  For example, remailer.policy at chaos.bsu.edu...
     Happy remailing!

@_date: 1994-04-29 08:34:56
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: REMAIL:  BSU Remailers and information availability 
In response to Paul's question, chaos is the primary remailing site by virtue of its being my computer under my control.  I have setup the following e-mail aliases to make it easier to get information about the      By the way, periods and dashes are interchangeable, I made aliases for both.  So sending mail to remailer.help is the same as sending mail to remailer-help.  Note that all of the e-mail addresses above are for

@_date: 1994-08-09 18:36:38
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: Remailer stuff 
Yes, but as my package stands, it will compile on most systems and anybody with a passing knowledge of sendmail.cf, aliases, or .forward files and knows the location of their mailer can install and run it.  PGP has been through so many changes, I'm just waiting until I can find a version that I can (1) run for a while without becoming outdated, and (2) use on my system without having security risks all over the place.  I will *not* customize my software to work with PGP.  I will make it work with encryption, but I'm not going to make it do anything different for PGP than for any other mail-processing software.
     If anyone has the time and the inclination to monkey with the code, it's available via anonymous FTP from chaos.bsu.edu:/pub/development.  It is named something like remailer-current.tar.gz.  Remember, this is C code, I don't waste RAM and CPU cycles running PERL on my system (no offense intended to those who use it.)

@_date: 1994-02-15 15:34:28
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: REMAIL: Changes to chaos and bsu-cs remailers 
Today I installed an updated version of the anonymous remailer on the following remailers:
     Recent changes:

@_date: 1994-07-09 15:39:36
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Gopher Server Modifications 
The Cypherpunks gopher server at chaos has been migrated from gopherd to GN version 2.09.  All of the data should be intact.  Although many of the filenames have been changed so that they could be stored in compressed format, they should be served exactly the same way as before.
     If you experience any problems with the system, please write gopher-admin at chaos.bsu.edu.  This entire gopher hierarchy will probably be moving in the near future after I install the new hard drive for chaos, but there should be no interruption in service.

@_date: 1994-07-26 16:25:00
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNKS TO THE RESCUE 
We use this for accessing our Ameritech database.  What I recall overhearing when they were training the CENTREX people on the smart cards was that it looks at how far off the numbers are over a period of time and determines how much faster or slower your card is, then figures that into its calculations when you call.  So after, say, twenty sessions over a two-week period, it knows not to accept the code from two minutes ago.

@_date: 1994-10-01 11:52:54
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: REMAIL: changes to chaos remailer 
I have made several changes to remailer at chaos.bsu.edu:
     These changes do not affect nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu [yet.]
     Remember, for information about the remailers, finger remailer at chaos.bsu.edu or send a message to remailer-help at chaos.bsu.edu.

@_date: 1994-10-05 22:24:10
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: REMAIL: Chaos remailer statistics 
Chaos remailer statistics from 12:38am 08/24/94 through 11:59pm 10/05/94:
To/From CA domain:			    46		   1.1	     1.69
To/From COM domain:			   818		  19.2	    30.00
To/From EDU domain:			  2130		  50.1	    78.11
To/From GOV domain:			     3		   0.1	     0.11
To/From ORG domain:			   326		   7.7	    11.95
To/From US domain:			   381		   9.0	    13.97
Forbidden (includes anXX at anon.penet.fi)	     8		   0.2	     0.29
Total messages processed:		  2727		  64.1
Note that the percentages will not add up to 100% because anything that crosses
over, for example, the EDU to ORG line will show up in both categories.
Average messages per month would be in the area of 1923.
If you find this useful, let me know.  I will put it into a script and have it auto-posted...  Maybe.

@_date: 1994-09-15 14:41:28
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: [CyberCash Media hype] 
I disagree.  Proprietary is MORE secure, but security through obscurity is no security at all.  The only thing that does is separate the proverbial men from the boys.  It keeps the idiots who think they can crack a system from touching it, but the people who know what they are doing will learn it rather quickly.
     Understanding how it works is also not necessarily insecure either.  What about PGP?  Would you rather use some proprietary methond that may or may not have a backdoor or may not be as secure as it is touted to be?  I prefer to use something that has been proven and tested.

@_date: 1994-09-21 12:11:05
@_author: Chael Hall 
@_subject: META: Tim's FAQ, ftp to chaos 
The Cypherpunks gopher hierarchy that was under Karl's home directory has been officially moved to ~ftp/cypherpunks.  Gopher should work as normal and all of the files should be FTPable as well!
