
@_date: 1994-04-27 05:58:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
perry at bacon.imsi.com (Perry E. Metzger) writes -
While I agree with your sentiment, it's "Mykotronx."
- spooge

@_date: 1994-04-27 17:32:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I simply had to pass this article along to c'punks...
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk
I'm a computer programmer and attorney who is a member of the Committee
on Technology and the Practice of Law, a task force assembled by the
Association of the Bar of the City of New York.  Last Friday we held a
conference on "Lawyers and the Internet."  Approximately 200 lawyers
Speaking in favor of the Clipper proposal was Stuart Baker of the NSA.
I won't repeat his substantial arguments, but his formal approach (which
Mike Godwin tells me is becoming a standard component of the government's
pro-Clipper road show) is worth some attention.  Parroting his own words
at CFP, Baker told us:
- The debate over the Clipper proposal is "really just a culture clash
among net-heads."
- Those opposing the proposal are late-coming counter-culturists, "who
couldn't go to Woodstock because they had to do their trig homework."
- Opponents envision themselves as would-be "cybernauts in bandoliers and
I quote these remarks (as best I can from memory; my hands were shaking too
much to write clearly at this point) to make it clear that our government's
representative has reached a conclusion about the community opposing its
plan.  He has concluded that the members of that community are so beneath
his respect that it is more appropriate to make fun of them than it is to
respond to their views.  As Godwin pointed out later, the NSA really just
doesn't care what anyone says.  That, he said, is why Baker repeatedly invokes
the spectre of child-molestation as the chief evil Clipper will prevent; by
that invocation is much meritorious debate deflected.  Baker replied to this
by emphasizing the reality of the pedophilia potential of networks, telling
us that many users of networks "are teenaged boys with inept social skills."
Regardless of the law-enforcement potential of this plan, it is worth noting
that an official spokesman for the government endorses it by pointing out
that its opponents valued their studies more highly than they did rock and roll.
That because the popular image of the bookworm can be juxtaposed against that
of Rambo in a funny way, bookworms don't have to be taken seriously.
That if you play with computers as a youngster, your community, your parents
and your own brain can't save you.  That the government must protect you
from your own ineptitude, whether you want its help or not.
The message was pretty clear:  Stuart Baker doesn't care what you say, but he
wants the power to listen.
Stevens R. Miller			|"The complete truth is not the
(212) 227-1594				| prerogative of the human judge."
sharp at echonyc.com			|
New York, New York			| - Supreme Court of Israel

@_date: 1994-04-27 17:35:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Since I haven't seen this article float through the list,
I hope John doesn't mind it being reposted.
Newsgroups: alt.politics.org.nsa,comp.org.eff.talk
Organization: Cygnus Support, Mt. View, California
It's worse because the market keeps moving toward providing real
If Clipper succeeds, it will be by displacing real secure encryption.
If real secure encryption makes it into mass market communications
products, Clipper will have failed.  The whole point is not to get a
few Clippers used by cops; the point is to make it a worldwide
standard, rather than having 3-key triple-DES with RSA and Diffie-Hellman
become the worldwide standard.
We'd have decent encryption in digital cellular phones *now*, except
for the active intervention of Jerry Rainville of NSA, who `hosted' a
meeting of the standards committee inside Ft. Meade, lied to them about
export control to keep committee documents limited to a small group,
and got a willing dupe from Motorola, Louis Finkelstein, to propose an
encryption scheme a child could break.  The IS-54 standard for digital
cellular doesn't describe the encryption scheme -- it's described in a
separate document, which ordinary people can't get, even though it's
part of the official accredited standard.  (Guess who accredits standards
bodies though -- that's right, the once pure NIST.)
The reason it's secret is because it's so obviously weak.  The system
generates a 160-bit "key" and then simply XORs it against each block of
the compressed speech.  Take any ten or twenty blocks and recover the
key by XORing frequent speech patterns (like silence, or the letter
"A") against pieces of the blocks to produce guesses at the key.  You
try each guess on a few blocks, and the likelihood of producing
something that decodes like speech in all the blocks is small enough
that you'll know when your guess is the real key.
NSA is continuing to muck around in the Digital Cellular standards
committee (TR 45.3) this year too.  I encourage anyone who's interested
to join the committee, perhaps as an observer.  Contact the
Telecommunications Industry Association in DC and sign up.  Like any
standards committee, it's open to the public and meets in various
places around the country.  I'll lend you a lawyer if you're a foreign
national, since the committee may still believe that they must exclude
foreign nationals from public discussions of cryptography.  Somehow the
crypto conferences have no trouble with this; I think it's called the
First Amendment.  NSA knows the law here -- indeed it enforces it via
the State Dept -- but lied to the committee.

@_date: 1994-05-03 16:43:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hal  said:
Hal> Why don't we brainstorm a bit to see if we could come up with a way
Hal> to take this digital cash software and do something useful and interesting
Hal> with it.
To re-work a notion expressed earlier, why not use the digital cash to
purchase (legitimate) access to systems?  This provides good protection
against double-spending, as the act of ownership would be to change the
login password.
Hal> (There may also be some problems in advertising these services.
     ... (skipped)
Hal> Folks, if you want to sell something, make sure people know
Hal> what you're selling.)
Perhaps we need an advertising server.

@_date: 1994-05-05 12:53:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Can someone re-post the dumpster-dived Mykotronx information
that was posted to the list last year?  I need it for an
article on Clipper that I'm working on.
Also, has the government announced which agencies are going to
be holding the two pieces of Clipper keys in "escrow"?

@_date: 1994-05-05 23:38:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
A couple of problems have arisen with my code marketing venture.
Which is all to the good, of course, as the point of the exercise is
to turn up these problems.
Firstly, it seems that the coins I receive will contain something akin to
a serial number, so that just recording the byte sequence upon issuance
of the coin, and comparing with the bank receipts, would be sufficient to
establish the origin of the coin.  Since a bank deposit is normally
communicated to a real email address, then the depositor can be identified.
This being the case, use of a pool for receiving bank statements seems to
be the safest way to go.
The other problem is conversion from one currency (Ghostmarks) into
another (Tacky Tokens).  Here is a business opportunity for someone:
exchange currencies for profit.  Once again, a pool seems to be the best
way to issue the exchanged money.

@_date: 1994-05-06 05:36:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Can someone be so kind as to shed some light on PGP v2.5?
I've heard a couple of comments that it is available? If so,
is this a public domain release, where is it available via
anon ftp and what enhancements (if any) does it offer over
the v2.3 release?

@_date: 1994-05-06 14:03:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
lefty at apple.com (Lefty) says,
lef> and then treats us to what he purports to be Mr. Nalbandian's phone number
lef> and address.
lef> Whoever you are, nobody, you're a hypocrite and a coward.
Well, it wasn't me, but in any event I dispute this.  The use of anonymous
remailers does not make one a coward, any more than the use of a pseudonym
does (or is your given name "Lefty")?
As for the privacy aspect, I believe it may serve the interests of those
who desire privacy to point out privacy lapses.  Not all the time, but
sometimes you have to say, "the emperor has no clothes".
For example, would you object to this:
an4544 at anon.penet.fi  = Eric Robison an68863 at anon.penet.fi = Derek M. Harkins                  *
an51751 at anon.penet.fi = Joe Baptista The anonymous remailer is not so anonymous, is it?  Should I have kept
the information to myself, or am I right to publicize it?

@_date: 1994-05-08 10:58:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Detweiler comes out of the woodwork 
Detweiler -- Out of the shadows? Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp,talk.politics.crypto
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL1]
Lines: 9
: I post, therefore I am.
You offend, therefore you am not.
truthfully yours,

@_date: 1994-05-11 16:13:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The Phantom Exchange public client list
             --------------------------------------------
aa Is there someone out there who would like to act as a broker (for a small
fee, natch), so that I can maintain rigorous anonymity while trading?

@_date: 1994-05-19 17:14:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.security,alt.privacy
This is from a flyer that NSA people have been distributing:
     NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY --  TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER
     Information Sorting and Retrieval by Language or Topic
     Description:  This technique is an extremely simple, fast,
     completely general mathod of sorting and retrieving machine-
     readable text according to language and/or topic.  The
     method is totally independent of the particular languages or
     topics of interest, and relies for guidance solely upon
     exemplars (e.g., existing documents, fragments, etc.)
     provided by the user.  It employs no dictionaries keywords,
     stoplists, stemmings, syntax, semantics, or grammar;
     nevertheless, it is capable of distinguishing among closely
     related toopics (previously considered inseparable) in any
     language, and it can do so even in text containing a great
     many errors (typically 10 - 15% of all characters).  The
     technique can be quickly implemented in software on any
     computer system, from microprocessor to supercomputer, and
     can easily be implemented in inexpensive hardware as well.      It is directly scalable to very large data sets (millions of
     documents).
     Commercial Application:
          Language and topic-independent sorting and retieval of
          documents satisfying dynamic criteria defined only by
          existing documents.
          Clustering of topically related documents, with no
          prior knowledge of the languages or topics that may be
          present.  It desired, this activity can automatically
          generate document selectors.
          Specializing sorting tasks, such as identification of
          duuplicate or near-duplicate documents in a large set.
     National Security Agency
     Research and Technology Group - R
     Office of Research and Technology Applications (ORTA)
     9800 Savage Road
     Fort George G. Meade, MD  20755-6000
     (301) 688-0606
If this is the stuff they're giving out to the public, I can only
imagine what they're keeping for themselves.
* Bruce Schneier
* Counterpane Systems         For a good prime, call 391581 * 2^216193 - 1
* schneier at chinet.com
