
@_date: 1994-12-28 15:36:12
@_author: NSB's Portable (via RadioMail 
@_subject: properties of FV 
Once again, I've been on the road, and this time out of RadioMail range, so
I'm a bit behind on my mail again.  I hope that my replies aren't too
redundant with other things that have already been said on the mailing
list(s), but I can't check without delaying my answer even longer, because
my poor RadioMail service is now so backlogged that it may take a few days
just for it to download everything...
This is interesting; that was not the way I saw it, but I can see your
point of view.  From my end, I don't believe in "completely secure" as a
reasonable goal for ANYthing, so this certainly wasn't what I intended to
hold out for.  Rather, my perspective is that if you add crypto, you should
be getting something for it.  It's easy to see how you get privacy benefits
above the line, and if you do it right you might be able to get some
security benefits too (though I haven't yet convinced myself of this). However, if we're going to be able to make some claims as to what we have
added, I'd really like to be clear about them.  What you've pointed out,
that I hadn't thought of, is that if we put the crypto engine on the "above
the line" system, we might get some significant and explainable benefits --
in particular, we gain protection of the user's privacy to the extent that
breaking privacy now requires breaking into the above-the-line system,
rather than merely snooping on the wire.  This is true, and I thank you for
pointing it out.
I think I was a bit confused by the fact that I've thought of some really
nice things that can be done when crypto is added BELOW the line,
specifically related to the credit card information that ONLY lives there. What this means, however, is that there are now some useful things that can
be done with crypto above the line, and even more that can be done with
crypto below the line.  If they were equally easy, it would make sense to
add crypto below the line, as it would buy us more.  However, as I've made
very clear previously, it is NOT equally easy -- adding it above the line
is much easier.  This presents us with a new complication to the already
complex tradeoffs involved in deciding where to devote our resources.  I'm
sure you'll understand if I'm reluctant to reach such an important decision
overnight, but you've definitely opened my eyes to an attractive "middle
path" in the use of optional cryptography in FV transactions.  (On a
technical level, the only thing I'd *really* like to wait for is the
stabilization of the MIME-PGP work, as we'll need it in order to recognize
a PGP-encrypted application/green-commerce MIME entity.  As you know, I've
been active in the MIME-PGP effort, and one very plausible scenario would
be to make the FV server be an early implementation of that specification. However, the MIME-PGP draft that I co-wrote last summer is undergoing
radical revision, so I'm reluctant to see that version implemented in our
In short, you've got a very good point, and you've probably just hastened
the day when we support optional PGP encryption, but we're not ready to
make any promises or timetables quite yet.
"Have to" is the key phrase here.  You're absolutely right, and you've
pointed out that there's real value in putting crypto on *our* equipment. The attitude I had previously expressed might have been an example of "the
best is the enemy of the good" which is something I try to avoid.  On the
other hand, there are undeniable advantages to putting crypto on EDS
equipment -- it's an interesting tradeoff.
This is another very important point.  They may mean the same in some
formal sense, which is what I believed, but your wording is MUCH more
constructive.  So let me state, with you, that I believe that you can do
commerce with or without crypto, and that on the current Internet there are
advantages and disadvantages to each approach.  I suspect that we can
further agree that privacy is one of the advantages of crypto-commerce, and
that rapid deployment is one of the advantages of non-crypto-commerce.  We
may differ on some subtler aspects of that devil word, "security", but for
the most part I think we're now in violent agreement.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-09-21 05:33:39
@_author: NSB's Portable (via RadioMail 
@_subject: first virtual "security" (!!) (was Re: Security Flaw Is Discovered InSoftware Used in Shopping) 
Thanks.  I'm glad to be able to conduct this discussion at a cordial and
intelligent level.
I think you still don't get it, Laurent.  If you intercept millions of
credit cards, you immediately have something very valuable and untraceable.
 An FV-ID is much less useful than a credit card number, because it only
works with email confirmation and only works on the net.  And merely
intercepting them doesn't get you anything -- you have to be able to answer
the confirmation messages, which is much harder to do "en masse" than
passively sniffing for things (and possibly then decrypting them).  And a
scheme that also replies to such messages is far more likely to leave
traces by which the criminal is caught.
In other words, when you look at the "millions of interceptions" case, the
value of doing this is lower for FV, the difficulty of automating it in the
large scale is higher, and the risk of detection is higher, as compared
with a one-way scheme that transmits credit cards, whether encrypted or
Of course there can, if you're not talking about the same data, which we're
not.  It's much safer to transmit something without high intrinsic value in
unencrypted form than to transmit something with high intrinsic value in
encrypted form.  That's why FV-ID's were designed the way they are -- low
intrinsic value, easy to revoke & reissue, etc.  By analogy, it is safer to
send a weather report unencrypted than to send detailed instructions about
nuclear weapons encrypted.
Also not true.  A scheme like FV's gives a fairly high privacy level
through the use of pseudonyms.  Your FV-ID can be traced to you *only* by
FV, and we won't hand out that informaton without a court order.
This is an amazing statement, Laurent.  It's sort of like saying that
building a city in the middle of a flood plain isn't a problem as long as
there isn't a flood.  You can't dismiss even a low-probability disaster if
the consequences of the disaster are extremely high.
If the SSL bug had been discovered AFTER there were hundreds of millions of
credit cards being transmitted via SSL, and if the person who discovered it
had criminal intent, the entire global credit card infrastructure really
would have been endangered.  Personally, I'm always suspicious of any
claims to have "fixed the last bug", so I don't see any reason to assume
this isn't inevitable in the long run if a scheme like SSL is used.
That's not a bad motto.  I'd prefer to describe our system as focusing on
practical, comprehensive security rather than chasing the myth of perfect
cryptographic security.  (For example, we've probably put more effort into
making our server secure from breakins than just about any other site on
the Internet.)
We're not opposed to cryptography, by the way.  There are some obvious
places where the use of digital signatures could directly enhance our
system, and we're pursuing them.  It has also not escaped our notice that,
even though we strongly believe that transmitting FV-ID's in the clear is
safer than transmitting credit cards encrypted, it would be safer STILL to
transmitthe FV-ID's encrypted -- sort of the best of both worlds.  And you
can count on our doing that when there is a good Internet infrastructure
for doing so, which we don't yet believe to be the case.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-09-21 09:05:31
@_author: NSB's Portable (via RadioMail 
@_subject: [NOISE] "hacker" was: first virtual "security" 
Hey, this guy didn't steal anything, and he publicized the hole.  He wasn't
a criminal, he was a good guy.  That's why I called him a hacker.  -- NB

@_date: 1996-02-08 22:20:16
@_author: NSB's Portable (via RadioMail 
@_subject: FV's blatant double standards 
Once again, you're getting closer, but your approach misfires on machines
used by multiple users -- cybercafes, university computing labs, etc. --
because your algorithm really only verifies that SOMEONE sent a VirtualPIN
from this machine and SOMEONE receives mail back from FV on this machine. This will probably cause us to catch a large-scale attack relatively fast. And the absolute maximum time to detection is one billing cycle, because
all the fraud will be visibly FV-linked.  In contrast, in the credit card
attack we outlined, the card numbers are stolen cleanly, with no link back
to the attack program.  If it's built right, the only sign it has happened
will be an increase in the overall rate of credit card fraud, with nothing
to point back at the Internet at all.
