
@_date: 2012-02-12 15:41:49
@_author: Number Six 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor Browser Bundle 2.2.x Ubuntu AppArmor Profile 
I've spent some time creating Ubuntu AppArmor profiles for the Tor
Browser Bundle and its components and related apps. I've based them upon
publicly available profiles that needed some dusting off, updating, and
adapting to Tor.
For the unfamiliar, AppArmor is a least privilege access control system
that attempts to prevent exploited applications from accessing system
resources that they shouldn't normally need. It is similar to SELinux,
but it is much easier to create, understand and modify AppArmor profiles
than SELinux policies.
The profiles are not perfect, and they really need the new features in
the AppArmor dev series to make them awesome. In my opinion, the biggest
advantage of non-dev AppArmor right now is that it gives you the ability
to watch your logs for audit messages that could indicate
botched+blocked exploit attempts or bad behavior, and to protect your
personal files from exploited applications.
For information on working with AppArmor in Ubuntu (including how to
load these profiles), see: Here's a rundown of the policies I've created and their security
properties. The profiles themselves are at the pastebin links.
1. Tor Browser Bundle 2.2.x Profile: This profile isolates Tor, Vidalia, and Firefox to least privilege.
However, some AppArmor shortcomings mean that it is not as good as it
could be.  According to the AppArmor wiki, it looks like the features we
really want won't be available until AppArmor 2.8 or 3.0.
In particular, the profile will *not* have the ability to restrict
connections from Firefox to prevent non-Tor connections until AppArmor
supports more rule commands. Obviously this is a big issue if the prime
goal of an exploit is to learn your IP address, and if bugs of this sort
still exist in Firefox. Until AppArmor provides the ability to write
rules like 'network tcp connect from 127.0.0.1 on lo to 127.0.1:9050'
or even just 'network tcp dst 127.0.0.1', any arbitrary code exploit against Vidalia or Firefox can still connect to arbitrary IPs outside of Tor :/.
 for more details.
Additionally, Tor and Firefox are still free to perform UDP datagram
traffic, due to the desire on my part to squelch the audit log traffic
down to a minimum. (The AppArmor in Ubuntu currently has a bug that
causes it to always log UDP violations, even if you tell it to silence
with a 'deny'). Since I think watching audit logs closely is one of the
most useful properties of AppArmor, and since noise makes this
substantially harder, the profiles currently allow UDP.
Despite these major issues, the profile is significantly better than
nothing. The main benefit you get is that all file read and write access
is restricted to ~/Downloads and ~/Public, and TBB can't launch outside
apps, use ptrace, access /dev/, /tmp/, or interact with the desktop.
As a result, you will get a lot of permission denied errors from Firefox
when trying to download and upload files, because the TBB folder
defaults are screwy. Click through the errors and navigate to
~/Downloads/. Or change the directory in the AppArmor profile to
something you like.
2. Tor Profile: A separate profile for the system Tor binary, which some might find
useful for proxying non-browser activity.
3. Vidalia Profile: Same deal for the system Vidalia binary.
4. Pidgin Profile: This profile is based on the profile at
but with some additional restrictions.
In particular, I forbid ptrace. It was explicitly allowed by the profile
and still occasionally attempted by my client, but did not seem needed
to load plugins or otherwise function.
I also removed access to a lot of X window resources, and restricted
homedir access in a similar manner as to the TBB Firefox profile.
If you're interested in editing these profiles, see
 and
If you know basic UNIX, AppArmor is surprisingly easy to pick up and
customize with the documentation in-hand. Please let me know if you
make any improvements or figure out workarounds for current limitations.

@_date: 2012-03-08 19:54:37
@_author: Number Six 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and HTTPS graphic 
Why do you assume that the NSA can break Tor but not HTTPS?
As I see it, if you extrapolate the timing attack literature to justify
ignoring fixing active attacks, why do you not extrapolate the work on
RSA key cracking to assume that the NSA can factor popular website keys
in bathtubs full of DNA?
Or, at the very least, why not extrapolate it to the NSA compromising
one of the 1000-some wildcard root certificates your own SSL Observatory
scan has detected?
This paywall (ie non-"dumpster available") abstract appears to indicate
that the research community is within striking distance of factoring an
RSA keys in use by many HTTPS servers today. At least, when compared to
how close timing attack research is to breaking Tor.
I guess I'm just wondering: where do we draw the line?
In addition to the decentralized HTTPS certificate observatory, one
could imagine a network verifying the DH parameters are the same when
received by two endpoints of an HTTPS session. If perfect forward
secrecy is universally deployed, a bathtub full of DNA or server
compromise that yielded an RSA private key for google.com could be used
transparently to escape your decentralized observatory scan, but a
DH-recording scanning network will still see different DH parameters at
the endpoints.
But how do deploy such a network? Is planetlab up to the task? Is anyone
studying endpoint consensus on DH parameters? Shouldn't they be?
It seems like our rabbit hole is very deep. Do we really have what it
takes to watch the watchers?
I fucking hope so, but it does seem that consensus reality wrt
cryptographic security is hard to establish.
