
@_date: 1994-12-11 18:49:33
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Our Storm Brewing? 
Wouldn't this be a case to make for digital signatures?
TRY to forge my 4K key.  PLEASE!!

@_date: 1994-07-19 08:29:22
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Cypherpunks & math 
I know I'll regret this, but...
I've seen a lot of comments by folks that indicates a high level of
mathematical sofistication.  So I'm curious.
Please e-mail me as follows:
SUBJECT: nomath              If you've not had some Discrete Math course.
SUBJECT: discrete            If you've had Discrete Math.
SUBJECT: algebra1            If you've had semester course on algebra.
SUBJECT: algebra2            If you've had a year-long senior level course
                               based on Fraliegh or some such.
SUBJECT: grad                If you've been to grad school in math.
SUBJECT: firstcourse         If you've had the prelim algebra course.                                      (Hungerford or such)
SUBJECT: prelim              If you've passed your algebra prelim.
SUBJECT: orals               If you've passed your oral exam.
SUBJECT: orala               If your oral had a significant algebra component
SUBJECT: candidate           If you are a candidate in algebra.
SUBJECT: phd                 If you have a phd in math.
SUBJECT: research            If you have published in number theory.
I'm an "orala".

@_date: 1994-09-15 19:05:58
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Wiretap Emergency 
I just spoke with Joe Barton (R) from Texas about the FBI wiretap bill.  He is on a subcommittee that is hearing the bill.  He has heard _no_ citizen opposition to it.  I was not prepared, but he did invite me to send him my concerns  :-D
Congressman Joe Barton
1514 Longworth Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Folks, if we can generate a few hundred calls and well-thought-out faxes tommorrow, we might have some effect.  I don't know a lot about him, but he seemed to be of the opinion that he didn't really know that much about the bill.  It's up to us to educate him.

@_date: 1995-08-01 21:54:25
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Software Glitch FYI (fwd) 
A Congressman's aid called me today to explain that if you send email to all
the Congressmen's offices at one time, the software at their end causes each
Congressman to receive 50 copies.
Please be sure everyone is aware of this glitch.
To prevent 50 copies from being sent to each Congressman, it is necessary to
break the mailing list into 5-10 addresses at a time.
Every list I've ever received of Congressional Emails has annoying spaces
and formats, so my list doesn't have that.  It can be copied directly into a
nickname box in Eudora or to a Bcc: list on a message.
senator at boxer.senate.gov
senator_brown at brown.senate.gov,
sen_dodd at dodd.senate.gov,
senator_lieberman at lieberman.senate.gov,
joe_biden at biden.senate.gov,
senator_coverdell at coverdell.senate.gov,
tom_harkin at harkin.senate.gov,
chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov,
larry_craig at craig.senate.gov,
dirk_kempthorne at kempthorne.senate.gov,
senator at simon.senate.gov,
senator at moseley-braun.senate.gov,
wendell_ford at ford.senate.gov,
senator at breaux.senate.gov,
senator at johnston.senate.gov,
senator at kennedy.senate.gov,
john_kerry at kerry.senate.gov,
senator at mikulski.senate.gov,
senator at levin.senate.gov,
mail_grams at grams.senate.gov,
senator at wellstone.senate.gov,
john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov,
max at baucus.senate.gov,
conrad_burns at burns.senate.gov,
bob at kerrey.senate.gov,
mailbox at gregg.senate.gov,
opinion at smith.senate.gov,
senator at bradley.senate.gov,
senator_Bingaman at bingaman.senate.gov,
senator_domenici at domenici.senate.gov,
senator_reid at reid.senate.gov,
senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov,
nickles at rpc.senate.gov,
lugar at iquest.net
senator_chafee at chafee.senate.gov,
senator at hollings.senate.gov,
tom_daschle at daschle.senate.gov,
larry_pressler at pressler.senate.gov,
senator_frist at frist.senate.gov,
senator at hutchison.senate.gov,
senator_robb at robb.senate.gov,
senator at warner.senate.gov,
senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov,
vermont at jeffords.senate.gov,
senator_Gorton at gorton.senate.gov,
russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov,
senator at rockefeller.senate.gov,
everett at hr.house.gov,
budmail at hr.house.gov,
sbachus at hr.house.gov,
jdickey at hr.house.gov,
edpastor at hr.house.gov,
dcaucus at hr.house.gov,
woolsey at hr.house.gov,
gmiller at hr.house.gov,
sfnancy at hr.house.gov,
talk2tom at hr.house.gov,
petemail at hr.house.gov,
annagram at hr.house.gov,
tellnorm at hr.house.gov,
zoegram at hr.house.gov,
samfarr at hr.house.gov,
george at hr.house.gov,
andrea22 at hr.house.gov,
tellbuck at hr.house.gov,
jharman at hr.house.gov,
tucker96 at hr.house.gov,
housesst at hr.house.gov,
rpackard at hr.house.gov,
skaggs at hr.house.gov,
schaefer at hr.house.gov,
bozrah at hr.house.gov,
cshays at hr.house.gov,
delaware at hr.house.gov,
kthurman at hr.house.gov,
cstearns at hr.house.gov,
canady at hr.house.gov,
pdeutsch at hr.house.gov,
hastings at hr.house.gov,
jlinder at hr.house.gov,
georgia6 at hr.house.gov,
saxby at hr.house.gov,
ga10 at hr.house.gov,
runderwo at hr.house.gov,
brush at hr.house.gov,
luisg at hr.house.gov,
hfawell at hr.house.gov,
dhastert at hr.house.gov,
durbin at hr.house.gov,
johnhost at hr.house.gov,
emailpat at hr.house.gov,
edky01 at hr.house.gov,
mward2 at hr.house.gov,
bunning4 at hr.house.gov,
torkma06 at hr.house.gov,
jmoakley at hr.house.gov,
cardin at hr.house.gov,
tellhoek at hr.house.gov,
congehlr at hr.house.gov,
davecamp at hr.house.gov,
repsmith at hr.house.gov,
chrysler at hr.house.gov,
lrivers at hr.house.gov,
jconyers at hr.house.gov,
gil at hr.house.gov,
dminge at hr.house.gov,
mn03 at hr.house.gov,
vento at hr.house.gov, tellbill at hr.house.gov,
tocollin at hr.house.gov,
oberstar at hr.house.gov,
goldsmit at iquest.net
talentmo at hr.house.gov,
demldr at hr.house.gov,
bemerson at hr.house.gov,
bthompson at hr.house.gov,
funnc02 at hr.house.gov,
thechief at hr.house.gov,
mail2nc5 at hr.house.gov,
crose at hr.house.gov,
myrick at hr.house.gov,
chtaylor at hr.house.gov,
melmail at hr.house.gov,
epomeroy at hr.house.gov,
zeliff at hr.house.gov,
franksnj at hr.house.gov, dzimmer at hr.house.gov,
mpforbes at hr.house.gov,
lazio at hr.house.gov,
tmanton at hr.house.gov,
molinari at hr.house.gov,
rangel at hr.house.gov,
jserrano at hr.house.gov,
engeline at hr.house.gov,
boehlert at hr.house.gov,
bpaxon at hr.house.gov,
portmail at hr.house.gov,
hokemail at hr.house.gov,
istook at hr.house.gov,
furseor1 at hr.house.gov,
pdefazio at hr.house.gov,
murtha at hr.house.gov,
jonfox at hr.house.gov,
mchale at hr.house.gov,
pa16 at hr.house.gov,
jspratt at hr.house.gov,
cwilson at hr.house.gov,
samtx03 at hr.house.gov,
barton06 at hr.house.gov,
doggett at hr.house.gov,
frost at hr.house.gov,
ggreen at hr.house.gov,
enidutah at hr.house.gov,
ortonut3 at hr.house.gov,
opickett at hr.house.gov,
talk2bob at hr.house.gov,
ninthnet at hr.house.gov,
bsanders at igc.apc.org,
repwhite at hr.house.gov,
asklinda at hr.house.gov,
dunnwa08 at hr.house.gov,
rtate at hr.house.gov,
mneumann at hr.house.gov,
badger02 at hr.house.gov,
roth08 at hr.house.gov,
commerce at hr.house.gov,
slabmgnt at hr.house.gov,
resource at hr.house.gov,
housesst at hr.house.gov,
smbizcom at hr.house.gov
Dr. Linda D. Thompson              American Justice Federation                                               3850 S. Emerson Avenue, Suite E,  Indianapolis, IN 46203
Telephone: (317) 780-5203      AEN News BBS: (317) 780-5211
Fax: (317) 780-5209                 Orders (Visa/MC) 1-800-749-9939    Internet: lindat at iquest.net

@_date: 1995-08-01 22:44:30
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Provably Correct Crypto? 
After all your griping over PGP, you spout this?  Have you ever heard of Godel's theorem?  I have a phrase for people who peddle their mark of approval that a given large program will work: "Snake oil salesman".  In the messages which you have scrawled between this and the last on my system when I caught up this evening, you have demonstrated the fraudulent nature of your business by first claiming that certain propositions were "demonstrated", then stating that a graduate student was working on "proving" them.
I repeat: Snake Oil Salesman

@_date: 1995-08-01 22:46:16
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Pat Robertson Fears E-cash? 
I believe that Pat Robertson is not aware of the privacy-enhancing capabilities of e-cash.  In a probabilistic sense, he may well be right.

@_date: 1995-08-02 06:39:52
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: There's a hole in your crypto... 
No.  This was essentially proved during the first third of this century.
But even if the program itself works, you have to check the OS, the motherboard & the processor.  Did I say processor?  Yes, I did.  Anyone running on an 80586?

@_date: 1995-08-02 06:53:05
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: NYET--attempted formal specs (again) 
I hope I'm not becoming Detweileresqe about this, but I've had some requests for these.  Since not even I was satisfied with my original notation, I thought I'ld try again...
(donning gear)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Copyright 1995, Nathan Zook.  All rights reserved.
NYET-- Non-Youths Exhibit Temperance.
This is a rising, legitamate concern among parents that their children
have all-to-easy access to porn on the internet.  Last year, there
were numerous proposals for various voluntary self-rating systems.
AOL and Prodigy heavily censor their systems in various ways.  This
year, Senator Exon advanced his own proposal.  Of course, this occured
just about the time that SurfWatch came out.
But none of these proposals can ultimately succeed.  Here I restate my
NYET proposal from last year for your consideration.  The system is of
necessity ISP-based.  Home-based systems are subject to attacks at
home.  Since many (most?) children are better with computers than
their parents, these attacks can be expected to succeed.
Any ISP-based system requires that the ISP determine which customers
are not of majority age and who is legally responsible for them.
There are technical solutions to this problem which are part of the
basis to the proposal.
The elements of NYET are as follows: the ISP, monitoring software, the
parent/guardian of the minor, and one or more ratings services.
A NYET-ISP does not grant access priveleges to minors without prior
contact with the (generically) parent of the minor.  This contact
includes explaining and helping configure the NYET software in
accordance with the parent's wishes.
The NYET-software runs as superuser on the ISP's machine.  All minor
accounts have a corresponding configuration file sitting in their
account owner's parent's directory, which is locked with read/write by
owner only flags.  The correspondence between minor and parent
accounts sits in a file owned by root and similiarly locked.
The parent sets the configuration file to permit and deny access to
various parts of the net.  Since it is unreasonable for the parent to
personally "rate" the net, it is expected that various organizations
will form ratings services.  The parent could then select various
combinations of ratings criteria from these agencies as default.  It
is expected that the services would charge for their information.  It
is likely that these charges could be added to the monthly bill that
the parent receives from the ISP.
And the role of government?  Right now--none other than to encourage
parental involvement.  Any attempt to force this, or almost any other,
type of restriction by legislative "I say so" (fiat in Latin) will
meet with fatal opposition.  Until the legislature understands the
net, the combined efforts of the millions who use the net will swamp
any efforts to control it.
Speaking of government, school internet access is the bane of any
attempt by parents to control the access that their kids have to the
net.  Anyone seeking to limit children's access should look carefully
at this experimentation.
I post this proposal because I believe it to be one of the few stable
attractors in this problem.  I believe that Prodigy and SurfWatch
amount to first iterations, and that the market will push them towards
NYET.  When it does so move, and a majority of ISPs provide or nearly
provide NYET service, and ONLY then, the government might mandate the
NYET standard.  As a somewhat earlier measure, the government could
offer to hold harmless ISPs that adhere to these standards--but only
when the market has already handled the technical hurdles.
I feel it necessary to reiterate the importance of the government
waiting for a market solution to this problem.  By its design, the net
appeals to libertarians and anarchists.  For many years, it has been
accessible almost exclusively by people demographically predisposed to
a libertarian or anarchist world view.  The net.gods, when angered,
can produce no end of michief.  And since they designed the system,
they won't be stoppable.

@_date: 1995-08-02 16:29:21
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: LD was Re: [NOISE] was Re: a hole in PGP 
Kragen!  I haven't heard much from you since someone thought Kragen <-> Kracken ==> monster ---> tentacle!  (And you were being pretty rational at the time--for this list.)
Doing well, I hope.
P.S.: It's good to see this thread moving to the S side of the SNR

@_date: 1995-08-02 16:43:14
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: NYET--attempted formal specs (again) 
Unquestionably, it is not possible to block this hole entirely.  However, that does not mean that this proposal is not still superior, at least on two points.
First, by moving the monitoring software to the ISP, the instalation & configuration becomes much easier and more secure for the parent.  The monitoring software itself becomes at least as difficult to hack as the rest of unix, and the "Hot Babes Watch" hacks at least are prevented.
Secondly, as we move to challenge-response systems, the ability of Jr. to forge parental access drops considerably.  The "Last access on" information could clue a parent in.  (Jr. could reset the clock before modifying programs at home.)
No one on this list is going to claim that a 17-year old who has been hacking since he was ten can be stopped.  That doesn't make these efforts doomed from the outset, however.  In particular, I want to avoid non-custom "solutions" for minors attempting access.

@_date: 1995-08-04 21:03:25
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: There's a hole in your crypto... 
Sorry about that.  Your message must have died when I splatted the dear "Professor" (bow, bow, bow).
There is "active research".  Why is a mystry to me.  Godel's proof was the completetion of several works.  On of the earily demonstrated that no axiom system can be demonstrated to consistent by a weaker one.  Now the "reasearch" in this area has consisted, in part, of translating algorithms into statements in axiomatic systems.  The problem is that either we cannot prove that these systems are consistent or they are extremely limited in what they can do.  (In particular, recursion seems to be anthema.)  But the word proof in the previous sentence has to be taken with a grain of salt, because any axiom system that we use to prove things about another axiom system has to be at least as complicated.
This is why the "not a Turing machine" assertion that the "Professor" is important.  We know that Turing machine is undecidable, so if we want to limit behavior, we can't have one.  BUT---we don't know that being a Turing machine is equivalent to having "unpredictable" behavior.  Furthermore, a "proof" of the "not a Turing machine" assertion is going to have to be done by--you guessed it--a computer.  And this computer is running a program which definitely IS a Turing machine, if it is capable of "proving" that other (suitably non-trivial) programs are not Turing Why must this be done on a computer?  Because the program under consideration is thousands of machine instructions long.  And each instruction will be translated into dozens of statements in the axiom system.  So any attempted proof will be beyond human ability.
Note that the above arguments do not require the physical exsistance of computers to make, which is why I refered to the "first third of this century", when these ideas were discovered.  In reality, the fact that the program itself has been compiled (or was it written in machine code?), that it uses an operating system (or does it address all of the hardware independedly of other programs?), and runs on a processor (maybe a 80586?) should be enough to convince serious critics of the futility of the exercise.
But the nagging question remains:  Why can't we build up big blocks from little ones?  While there is a sort of "Turing horizon" beyond which programs are known to be unpredictable, let me attempt to address the problem another way, to redefine our intuition to be more in touch with The situation we are dealing with amounts to the phenomina of "spontaneous complexity".  First, some physical examples.  Take an object moving in a Newtonian space, with nothing else there.  Give initial conditions, tell me what happens next.  No problem.  Take two objects.  No problem.  Take three objects.  Big problem.  Why?  Perhaps we just haven't figured out the mathematics yet.  Okay, take five objects.  Why five?  Because it is known that with a particular initial condition for five objects, all objects will "leave the universe" in a finite amount of time (!!!!!).  Now what if you bump them a little bit?  Certainly not all combinations of initial conditions lead to this situation.  Which is which?  Can this behavior be "built up" from two-object situations? It is important to note that this type of complexity was in fact discovered by Poincare' and others shortly after the turn of the century.  Some of his sketches clearly are forerunners of the Mandelbrot set--he was considering these types of ideas.  (The complexity issues lost out first to relativity and then to quantum mechanics in the competition for the minds of researchers.)
Then there is the Mandelbrot set--which points are in and which are out?  Are you sure?  (Go ahead and limit yourself to rational points--we are talking computers.)
Take S^1, the unit circle in the Complex plane.  Define a series of functions f_1, f_2... on S^1 as follows:  f_i(z) = z^i.  Each point with rational multiple of pi argument will limit to one, but no irrational points will.  What is important to note is that there is a set uniform set of measure 0 on S^1 such that the behavior in the limit of this set is completely unpredicted by the behavior of the rest of the set.  Perhaps you prefer to map S^1 to S^1 by repeated applications of f_2?  Then only the binary rationals settle down. So in each case, complex (in the technical sense) behavior is exhibited by outlandishly simple systems.  Sohow the _interactions_ of these simple and predictable systems become unpredictable.
That is why I consider this to be a closed subject.

@_date: 1995-08-06 18:51:07
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: RSA has been proved correct 
The problem is that these "formal methods" are themselves unproved and, in the general sense, unprovable.  Using a computer program to verify RSA is like using number theory to verify some proof in set theory--you may succede, but so what?  The RSA algorithm works because of some basic (and not quite so basic) facts of number theory.  Number theory is assumed in the design of computers, of processors, of operating systems, and of To put the question succinctly, would you trust a theorem "prover" to verify its own accuracy?
The RSA algorithm:
Select primes p and q  and an exponenet e, such that gcd(e,p-1) = gcd(e,q-1) = 1.  (In practice, we would want log_2(q) << e >> log_2(p).
Publish e and pq.  Find d_1, d_2 such that d_1 and d_2 are inverses of e in Z_p-1 and Z_q-1 respectively.  A message Y (from 0 to pq-1) is transformed into X = Y^e mod qp.  When you recieve a message X, let X_1 = X mod p and X_2 = X mod q.  Let Y_1 = X_1^d_1 mod p and Y_2 = X_2^d_2 mod q.  Use the Chinese Remainder Theorem to find Z (from 0 to pq-1) such that Z = Y_1 mod p1 and Z = Y_2 mod p2.
Theorem: Z = Y.
Let p_1 = p and p_2 = q
a) Observe that in F_p_i, (Y^e)^d_i = Y^(e*d_i) = Y^(r*(p-1)+1) =         Y^((p-1)*r) * Y= (Y^(p-1))^r * Y = 1^r * Y = Y.
b)  There exist p,q,e triples.
  If we let the order of our selection be p,e,q then we observe that we are
  free in our selection of p, and that our selection of e is not very   constrained.  ((p-1/)2 +- 1 being obvious examples).  We then observe   than any arithmatic progression of integers which does not obviously   consist entirely of composites must contain an infinite number of   primes, and observe that the condition that gcd(q-1,e) = 1 defines just   such a progression.
c) The d's can be found
  See Euclid's Algorithm
c) Z_pq is the (ring) direct sum of Z_p and Z_q
(Observe that the Chinese Remainder Theorem works on arbitrary ring direct Why this excercise?  Because not _one_ of the cited theorems is modern.  The only thing in this proof unknown to Fermat, Galios, Euclid, and the Middle Age Chinese is that bit about arithmatic progressions and primes, which may have been known to Fermat or Euclid.  If I am informed that a theorem "prover" has "verified" this theorem, then I am led to believe that the "prover" is not obviously broken.  My confidence (as an algorithm--this is a separate issue from decryption resistance) in RSA has _NOTHING_ to do with what some theorem "prover" may or may not have to say about it.  Such statements serve only to inform that these "provers" are broken (if they don't like it), or that they concievably do "verify" proofs (if they do).
OTOH, the theorems and axiom systems corresponding to these theorem "provers" are very complex, and quite subtle at points.  Plug in the lastest attempt at Fermat's Last (as opposed to his Little) theorem, and tell me if its good.  Do the classification of finite groups.  I know, there is a 125-page attempt at the Poincare' conjecture.  Try it.  If these "provers" find heretofore unobserved flaws, THEN I'll concede that they would be useful tools in mathematics--in uncovering flaws.  But they _still_ don't "prove" that these theorems are correct.  They only convince themselves.  But convincing me that I should believe them involves convincing me that there has been no failure in the program--at any of the levels I've previously discussed.  And, by the way, this is why the general mathematical community is still suspicious of the 4-color theorem.  In fact, the orginal "proof" contained a number of flaws.  All discovered were all easily patched, but the fact that they existed in the first place means that we have no reason to believe that something subtle is yet to be discovered.

@_date: 1995-08-06 22:50:13
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: RSA has been proved correct 
Oh, is THAT all?  (more on this later)
(Perish the thought!)
Do you advise using the unabridged Archimedian Sieve to determine if a number is prime?
Just feed it ~X as well.
Now we hit an impasse.  I thought the 4-color theorem was considered done as well, until a professor of mine contradicted me on this point.  It sounds like you might have more current info.  (Mine is 2-3 years old.)
Very restricted, I would think.  Most cases of universalizing would, I'ld That depends on my trust of the human and of the checker.  Frankly, I'ld be leary of either.  (And I was told in Algebra that it was 10k+, but the point is basically the same.)
This is one of the points that I have pushed on this issue.  Our intution on many of these matters is _way_ off until you train it.  And still, there are famous cases of failure by trained people.
That's why we go to school.
Okay, on the subject of verifying theorem checkers:
First, you mention some distance into your post, that the theorems being checked must be "primitively recursive".  That rather limits you away from interesting theorems, wouldn't you say?  In particular, you couldn't dream of touching those earlier mentioned biggies.  But that's not all.  Try the Galois theorems.  Fermat's little theorem?   Barre' catagory theorem?  Chinese Remainder Theorem?  Fundamental Theorem of Algebra?  (In topology, in complex anal, in algebra...)
So I assume that the theorem checkers being deployed aren't limited to handling primitively recursive systems.  You now are dealing with a rather extensive program.  And proving that a general theorem prover works is _not_ something to just sit & do.

@_date: 1995-08-07 22:49:11
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Quibbling about definitions of "proof" 
Is THAT all?  But I didn't know we could establish consistency of these commonly accepted axioms with THEMSELVES!  (By commonly accepted, I mean ZF.  I'll even the choice & continuum hypotheses out.)

@_date: 1995-08-08 21:40:35
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Prime Number Gen's. 
The proper thing to do is to then search for a number which demonstrates p is prime....

@_date: 1995-08-09 21:57:03
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Classification levels (was: Re: "S1" encryption system (was: this looked like it might be interesting) (fwd)) 
I was in the USAF 1987-1990, Tenn ANG 1990-1.  Documents are classified to five levels:
EEFI:  Essential Elements of Friendly Information-- pieced together, documents containing EEFIs may compromise classified info.  Usually, documents containing EEFIs are classified FOUO, but it is not required.
FUOU:  Usually not considered damaging by themselves.  FUOU documents are not considered classified, per se.
TOP SECRET:  These three differ in a matter of degrees.  Secret/Top              Secret information may cost lives, or millions of $.
All TOP SECRET information is automatically given an SCI (Special Compartmentalized Information) Category, and placed on a NTK (Need To Know) only access.  Many of the SCI abbreviations are themselves classified TS.  (The only one I know is "Q"--Nuclear.)  Each time clearance is extended to a new SCI, a new security background check must be made.
If you have clearance Q, and you want to see the plans for the MX, you had better be able to demonstrate NTK (usually from orders).
And no--there is no way under the sun that TS is going to be removed any time soon.

@_date: 1995-08-09 22:01:42
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Prime Number Gen's. 
Common, Ray!  floor(sqrt(p))! would work fine....  ;-)  Seriously, at least 1/4 of the numbers between can p and 0 prove that p is prime.  So you try for a while.  If you don't get it, you can flip back.
I apologize for being so vague.  I don't have the paper I read a couple years ago in front of me.  You might contact your local math department &

@_date: 1995-08-09 22:12:59
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: There's a hole in your crypto... 
If a statement is vacuous, it needs refining :-).  If I were to state that "Program X is not a Turing Machine", I would be stating that program X does not model all Turing machines throught its input.  It is the ability of some Turing machines to model all Turing machines through their input that makes them undecidable.
The problem here is that it is the interesting cases with which we are concerned.  If someone wants to write a computer program to "verify" my proof of the RSA algorithm, fine.  But I have to be convinced that there program does what they claim before I care.  And since their program takes mathematical theorems as input, it is already demonstrating near-Turing ( :-P) behavior.
I'll buy that.

@_date: 1995-02-01 16:58:23
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Lucky primes & omlets on my face... 
Considering the general temperature of this list, I'm amazed that I didn't
get torched over my algorithm.  sigh.  The c-punks are all too busy
debating operating systems to worry about effiency in their remailers.
Unless, of course, Hal's "I don't understand" was from the Moore school?
Let's try this again.
Let 2*x be the target number of bits in the modulous.
Let n be a large random number with x+2 digits.
Let n1 be the next multiple of 0x10001.
Let t2 be n1 mod 8, t3 be n1 mod 9, t5 be n1 mod 25, t7 be n1 mod 49.
For i = 2 to 7
 If n1 = 1 mod i and (n1-1)/i + 1 is not a multiple of {2,3,5,7}
    If (n1-1)/i + 1  is prime.
      {
        Let k = 0's in n1/0x10001.
        If k is in range, save and exit.
      }
    EndIf
 EndIf
n1 += 0x10001;
Recall:  x^p = x mod p therefore, x^(p-1) = 1 mod p. So what we need is:
(x^e)^d = x^ed = x^(p-1)*i+1 = x mod p.  ie: ed = (p-1)*i+1
or: (ed - 1) / i + 1 = p
Now 0x10001 inverts easily, it is just n1/0x10001.  By keeping track of
various quantities, we can eliminate all multiprecision divisions except
for the original one needed to get n1 and the t's, and doing increments
I don't either, but if >80% of the digits were 0, I'ld probably start to
get nervous.  But I don't need a fast-key for my home system, I'm barely
handing 10 signatures a day.  I only advocate using high 0's when you are
in a high usage environment.

@_date: 1995-02-01 16:59:39
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Why encrypt intra-remailernet. 
Hal Clearly.  ;)
Okay.  You are right that the first remailer derives no primary benefit,
and engages in no primary risks from verifying signatures.  Alice, however
does, and Chaum is, after all, providing a service to Alice (and Frank).
He does wish to provide all the benefits that he can to them.
What benefit does Alice gain?
1) Plausible deniability.  Remember, "reasonable doubt."  Remember Abscam?
   The gov't is in a good position to fake source info.  This squishes
   that.  (It squishes even better if Chaum _requires_ signatures.)
2) If Chaum sends Alice a copy of the message that failed the signature
   check, Alice knows that someone is trying to spoof her.  This
   information may be critical in determining how serious her opponents
   are.
What risks does Alice take?
If the final message to Bob is encrypted, and Chaum is not compromised,
none.  If Chaum _is_ compromised, Alice is chaining anyway, so it still
doesn't matter.
What might Chaum gain from checking or requiring signatures?
Various net abuses often involve faking names.  Requiring validated
signatures would pressure these abuses away from the remailers.  Reducing
the net abuses going through the remailers is a PR goal.
Soapbox mode:
It seems to me that hacking PGP requires considerably more cooperation
between remailers, and more work than just allowing recursive opening of
PGP packets, automatic padding (or concatenating) of data, and automatic
encryption of out-goin mail. Subways and MixMaster both appear to have far
more working required to implement, far more cooperation between remailers,
and far more room for failure than my idea.  (Emphasis: appear.  I've not
seen Lance's paper, yet.  He's getting it to me.)
I also believe that hacking PGP is a bad thing (tm), because it means that
every time an upgrade comes out, it will need to be re-hacked, and once you
start hacking, when do you stop?  Although, it would be nice to have a
STD_LEN variable for such things.
OTOH, you seem to be agreeing with me here.  Who hacks PGP?  Who is PGPing
their outgoing stuff?  Don't we have to have standard packet _inside_ the
net?  And you achieve this by using PGP?  ?????
The most obvious one: Eve checks messages (in vs out) for matching tails.
If the tails match, the messages match.  The only way around this is for
the entire message to be wrapped.  Thus, the extropian requirement.  When I say that the Mark I remailers are laughably easy to crack, I mean
laughably easy.
Is the message a clear set of ::Request-Remail-To:?  Pull & log.
Is the message clear, with encrypted headers?  Match, pull, and log.
Is the message encrypted separately from the headers?  Match, pull, log.
Is the whole message encrypted?  Take the ones that are left, match the
largest.  Match the next largest.  Match the next largest. Pull & log.
Get stuck?  Need a hint?  Resend a message.  Watch for the repeat on the
The only reason that our systems are actually able to do any good is that
our threat model _is not_ an LEA--with government resources, and government
If she wants to be able to recieve untraceable mail, she is going to have
to have a key that remailers can use when forwarding mail to her.  See
I think you are arguing to ignorance here.  The assumption so far on the
list has been that if Alice is root, she is in the best possible postion to
protect herself.  I disagree.
Alice has been hauled into court.  The Feds claim that she is the one that
actually sent messages M1,...Mx to Bob through Chaum, even though these
messages have varied From: (and From) lines.  As root, she cannot claim
that this is not possible.  OTOH, if Chaum requires a match, the Feds would
have to claim that she compromised the secret keys of all of all the
cooresponding From: addresses.  Much tougher.
We care because we are good people.  ;-)
Seriously, if a sight is being shadowed, then it is insecure.  It is to our
advantage to know this.  You are right that we "don't care" where a message
comes from only if we assume that the message _didn't_ come from an LEA.
(Or a big corporation.  Some of them probably have the power to do this,
too.)  If it did, then the remailer net is under attack, and we most
definitely _do_ care about that.
I'm lost here.  I thought that sending an identical message (producing
identical output) every tick would be the equivalent to an attack.
But what exactly constitutes "successful countermeasures"?  How do you
prevent an attacker from taking over a sight, thus compromising it, w/o
the knowlege of the operator?  How do you prevent long/short matching of
the remailer net _as a whole_?  How do you prevent tail matching?  How do
you prevent middle matching, for that matter?  How do you prevent the
repeated message attack?
Yes!  Well, not by itself.  My suggestions about "rational use of garbage"
do that.  If Bob recieves x messages each tick, 0 to x of which are real,
Eve is hosed--if all messages are standard sized & encrypted!.  Eve is even
more hosed if the x messages are concatenated & superencrypted.  If Alice
sends y messages each tick, Eve is hosed.  Even more so if the messages are
concatenated & superencrypted.
The way you suggest to standardize packet sizes leaves the system
vulnerable to matching the top of the body of the messages in a repeated-
message attack.
Not with rational use of garbage.  With rational use of garbage, the system
could protect a single encrypted message--if the recipient or sender is "in
the box".  BTW, it may be impractical for senders to be "in the box", as
described, as they cannot know exactly when ticks occur.  I believe it can
be done, though.
I disagree.  If identical input to Chaum does not produce identical output
to Bob, how does Eve coorelate them?  Repeating, she can match the top of
the body of messages, so random tails reveal the actual encrypted message,
for whatever that is worth.
And if Bob receivs x packets per tick, or a BIG packet every tick, how does
Eve trace it?
More than being the ONLY file in the net of your (approximate) size?
"Dribble them out at some standard rate".  Yes.  y packets per tick.  Set y
equal to your average number of real packets per tick, plus 3 standard
deviations.  Since you are chaining, the latency of you input will be less
than the latency of the remailernet.
"PGP?"                        "ITAR!"                          "Oh, RKBA!"
  ----------------- 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook  )
44B3D866 3D551E2E ---------------------------------------------------
F89222A6 338CDE24/ |
  -----------------

@_date: 1995-02-01 17:00:02
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Ending the Crusade 
Here is an idea to tone down the dos crusade for those of you with procmail
and a vindictive streak:  Instead of routing all of those messages to
message appears to have been mistakenly routed to you?

@_date: 1995-02-01 17:00:35
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Thanks for not flaming  !??!? 
Adam Shostack Is it just me, or does this message have a rather disturbing social
implication?  Crimeny, no one's perfect around here.  Well, maybe James or

@_date: 1995-02-02 18:01:19
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Why encrypt intra-remailernet. 
Was this Detweiller's "exponentially growing message"?
Note that requiring pgp wrappers kills this...

@_date: 1995-02-02 18:03:03
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Frothing remailers - an immodest proposal 
kevin at elvis.wicat.com:
Here?  You jest.  ;)
Some version of this discussion came up a few months ago, and I passed on
it then, but I think I've heard enough to comment now:
The remailers are based on an inherently different model than the InterNet.
Some of these differences, in fact, are crucial.
1) The InterNet is based on mutual cooperation/mutual trust.  Cypherpunks
   trust no one that they don't have to.
This is not just a result of our twisted psyche.  If we could trust
everyone, we wouldn't _need_ remailers.  Since we don't even know who is
whom out there, we avoid extending trust.
2) The InterNet is concerned first about reliability, and not at all about
   privacy.  The remailers are concerned first about privacy, and can leave
   reliability to the users, if need be.
There is nothing to prevent Alice and Bob agreeing to send each other ACK
statements, and retransmitting messages if they don't get the ACK.  There
has been some mention of remailers doing the same with each other, in an
attempt to improve net-wide reliability.  BTW, with T1, sending ACKs is not
unreasonable between remailers.
3)  From 1) and 2).  The remailers are heading towards mandatory PGP,
    possibly nested.  All InterNet messages are world-readable--although
    this may be changing as the model breaks down.
Again, this has to do with the intrinsic diffences.
Here we have the real head of the problem, as Hal so asutely points out:
in your model, if the first remailer is bad, the message is compromised.
If user encrypt to all remailers, they might as well encrypt directly to
mole at snakeoil.nsa.gov.  If they don't, they severly limit who can pick out
their messages.  In particular, they bypass transient remailers.
But that isn't all.  If the remailers pick the route, they are in a no
better state than the users.  Since the flushing attack requires remailers
to operate on ticks, with carryover, an hour delay per remailer is almost
minimal, untill traffic really picks up.  So if some message routes through
four remailers, a minimum of four hour delay results.  In your case, this
could easily move between in/out of service modes.
Stupid is as stupid does.
NOT TRUE.  With proper use of encryption, you are trusting your first
remailer only to not reveal that you sent a message, and not to correlate
that message to the one it sends out.  With rational use of garbage running
two deep, you can even suffer this loss without significant harm.
How indeed?  The reason we chain is because we _don't_ really trust our
first remailer--or any other.
remailers to the user--with an exception list for those not "live".

@_date: 1995-02-06 03:30:23
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Frothing remailers - an immodest proposal 
kevin at elvis.wicat.com:
Here?  You jest.  ;)
Some version of this discussion came up a few months ago, and I passed on
it then, but I think I've heard enough to comment now:
The remailers are based on an inherently different model than the InterNet.
Some of these differences, in fact, are crucial.
1) The InterNet is based on mutual cooperation/mutual trust.  Cypherpunks
   trust no one that they don't have to.
This is not just a result of our twisted psyche.  If we could trust
everyone, we wouldn't _need_ remailers.  Since we don't even know who is
whom out there, we avoid extending trust.
2) The InterNet is concerned first about reliability, and not at all about
   privacy.  The remailers are concerned first about privacy, and can leave
   reliability to the users, if need be.
There is nothing to prevent Alice and Bob agreeing to send each other ACK
statements, and retransmitting messages if they don't get the ACK.  There
has been some mention of remailers doing the same with each other, in an
attempt to improve net-wide reliability.  BTW, with T1, sending ACKs is not
unreasonable between remailers.
3)  From 1) and 2).  The remailers are heading towards mandatory PGP,
    possibly nested.  All InterNet messages are world-readable--although
    this may be changing as the model breaks down.
Again, this has to do with the intrinsic diffences.
Here we have the real head of the problem, as Hal so asutely points out:
in your model, if the first remailer is bad, the message is compromised.
If user encrypt to all remailers, they might as well encrypt directly to
mole at snakeoil.nsa.gov.  If they don't, they severly limit who can pick out
their messages.  In particular, they bypass transient remailers.
But that isn't all.  If the remailers pick the route, they are in a no
better state than the users.  Since the flushing attack requires remailers
to operate on ticks, with carryover, an hour delay per remailer is almost
minimal, untill traffic really picks up.  So if some message routes through
four remailers, a minimum of four hour delay results.  In your case, this
could easily move between in/out of service modes.
Stupid is as stupid does.
NOT TRUE.  With proper use of encryption, you are trusting your first
remailer only to not reveal that you sent a message, and not to correlate
that message to the one it sends out.  With rational use of garbage running
two deep, you can even suffer this loss without significant harm.
How indee  The reason we chain is buse we _don't_ really trust our
first remailer--or any other.
Actually, there may be something here.  I don't know about you all, but my
PGP isn't very happy about all these new remailer keys.  We could agree to
the following standard:  Signing a remailers' key means that you believe
the remailer to be secure.  Trusting a remailer key means trusting the
remailer operator to validate other remailer's security.  This adds a whole
new meaning to the phrase, "key compromise certificate".
While I agree that it is useful to post the operating characteristics of
the remailers, the maximum latency must theoretically be infinite in the
standard model to prevent flushing attacks.
Hal :
Hear ye, hear ye!  And along those lines...
I'm scetchy (at best) by what is meant by "pinging" a remailer.  Would it
not be possible for live-on-the-net remailers to accept a (socket?) quick
check to see if they are online?  If so, then the ping would only work if
the remailer was active when tried.  Furthermore, client software could
startup by sending out these pings, and presenting only responding
remailers to the user--with an exception list for those not "live".

@_date: 1995-02-06 03:31:24
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Cooperation 
I agree that it is to our advantage to minimize the cooperation between
remailers, for the following reasons:
1)  The existance of a cabal dominating such a function admits the
posibility of the abuse of power, for whatever reason.
2)  The requirement of cooperation between remailers limits the size of the
remailer net to the number of operators that can effectively cooperate with
each other.  (Yes, we can extend via overlapping groups, but this
introduces chokepoints--another weakness.)
3)  The requirement of cooperation between remailers raises the cost (in
time and legal vulnerabilities) to enter the remailer net.
4)  Failing all of these, there is a real chance (happening even now) that
users will trust the operators too much.
But there is a major difference between active cooperation and agreeing to
a standard.  Active cooperation is just that--something which cannot be
automated, or which involves automated judgement decisions.  I claim that
my ideas are merely standards.  A standard which might even be extendable
into the dominions of a hostile government.

@_date: 1995-02-09 04:03:10
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Crusade's End 
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 1995 18:59:54 -0600 (CST)
        From: nzook at bga.com (Nathan Zook)
        Instead of routing all of those messages to /dev/null, forward
        them back to the authors, perhaps with a notice that the message
        appears to have been mistakenly routed to you?
    And then all LD has to do to have lots-o-fun is to send you a whole
    bunch of "your OS sucks" messages with the From: line set to
    alt.religion.scientology at some.mail2news.site . . . .
    			Rick
Presumably, this sort of censure would occur very rapidly.  The script had
specific from/to lines it was looking for.  Neat idea, though.

@_date: 1995-02-09 04:03:10
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Frothing remailers - an immodest proposal 
kevin at elvis.wicat.com:
Here?  You jest.  ;)
Some version of this discussion came up a few months ago, and I passed on
it then, but I think I've heard enough to comment now:
The remailers are based on an inherently different model than the InterNet.
Some of these differences, in fact, are crucial.
1) The InterNet is based on mutual cooperation/mutual trust.  Cypherpunks
   trust no one that they don't have to.
This is not just a result of our twisted psyche.  If we could trust
everyone, we wouldn't _need_ remailers.  Since we don't even know who is
whom out there, we avoid extending trust.
2) The InterNet is concerned first about reliability, and not at all about
   privacy.  The remailers are concerned first about privacy, and can leave
   reliability to the users, if need be.
There is nothing to prevent Alice and Bob agreeing to send each other ACK
statements, and retransmitting messages if they don't get the ACK.  There
has been some mention of remailers doing the same with each other, in an
attempt to improve net-wide reliability.  BTW, with T1, sending ACKs is not
unreasonable between remailers.
3)  From 1) and 2).  The remailers are heading towards mandatory PGP,
    possibly nested.  All InterNet messages are world-readable--although
    this may be changing as the model breaks down.
Again, this has to do with the intrinsic diffences.
Here we have the real head of the problem, as Hal so asutely points out:
in your model, if the first remailer is bad, the message is compromised.
If user encrypt to all remailers, they might as well encrypt directly to
mole at snakeoil.nsa.gov.  If they don't, they severly limit who can pick out
their messages.  In particular, they bypass transient remailers.
But that isn't all.  If the remailers pick the route, they are in a no
better state than the users.  Since the flushing attack requires remailers
to operate on ticks, with carryover, an hour delay per remailer is almost
minimal, untill traffic really picks up.  So if some message routes through
four remailers, a minimum of four hour delay results.  In your case, this
could easily move between in/out of service modes.
Stupid is as stupid does.
NOT TRUE.  With proper use of encryption, you are trusting your first
remailer only to not reveal that you sent a message, and not to correlate
that message to the one it sends out.  With rational use of garbage running
two deep, you can even suffer this loss without significant harm.
How indeed?  The reason we chain is because we _don't_ really trust our
first remailer--or any other.
Actually, there may be something here.  I don't know about you all, but my
PGP isn't very happy about all these new remailer keys.  We could agree to
the following standard:  Signing a remailers' key means that you believe
the remailer to be secure.  Trusting a remailer key means trusting the
remailer operator to validate other remailer's security.  This adds a whole
new meaning to the phrase, "key compromise certificate".
While I agree that it is useful to post the operating characteristics of
the remailers, the maximum latency must theoretically be infinite in the
standard model to prevent flushing attacks.
Hal :
Hear ye, hear ye!  And along those lines...
I'm scetchy (at best) by what is meant by "pinging" a remailer.  Would it
not be possible for live-on-the-net remailers to accept a (socket?) quick
check to see if they are online?  If so, then the ping would only work if
the remailer was active when tried.  Furthermore, client software could
startup by sending out these pings, and presenting only responding
remailers to the user--with an exception list for those not "live".
P.S.:  Late breaking weakness:
Pinging a group of remailers is strong evidence that you are about to send a message.

@_date: 1995-02-09 04:03:19
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Remailer Encryption Module 
From: eric at remailer.net (Eric Hughes)
      From: nzook at bga.com (Nathan Zook)
      I also believe that hacking PGP is a bad thing (tm), because it means that
      every time an upgrade comes out, it will need to be re-hacked, and once you
      start hacking, when do you stop?
   I agree.  PGP just does not have the support for the encryption
   required for mixing remailers.  These deficiencies have been known for
   about two years at this point and still nothing has happened.  I
   expect this not to change anytime soon.
   That means that we have to replace PGP as the encryption module for
   remailers.  The first thing to do is to design a data format which
   supports what the remailers need now, and nothing speculative.  Since
   this data format has a single purpose, we can make new revisions more
   easily than for a general purpose package.
   Once we get a data format, implementations will follow.
   Eric
As I've considered this problem, I've arrived at essentially the same
conclusion.  We need an RSA-IDEA package that does something very close to
Mixmaster.  The only caveat is that we _must_ retain compatibility between
signature formats, even though, as I've suggested, a signature on a
remailer's key might mean something different than a signature on an
individual key.

@_date: 1995-02-09 04:03:20
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: IQ & such 
For what it's worth, I have a tested IQ of 151.  While I am capable of
being trained to perform certain feats quite rapidly via methods that
"average" people don't understand, this is a far cry from the 30-point
never-can-be-explained claim made earlier.  There is one task that I have
observed an intuitive bonus on, but I have _never_ been unable to explain
the methods used to anyone that expressed intrest.
I once multiplied two 45 (decimal) digit numbers with no intermediate work
on a challenge.  I claim that my methods could be explained with no trouble
to almost anyone who can multiply two two digit number--I believe that they
are essentially the standard ones for multiprecision multiplication.
A reasoning machine, in the shape of a man, but with no conscious, is not
truly human.
--paraphrase from a letter to the Editor in a Mensa publication

@_date: 1995-02-09 04:03:49
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Lucky primes--third time's the charm? 
The algorithm I posted the second time works, (nice improvement, eh?) but
is likely to take several thousand years to complete.  And when it does, we
can expect weak primes.  The enhancement I propose should fix that.
As I recall, PGP uses 0x10001 for its e.  It does so in order to be able to
easily determine that e is a primitive root of unity in Fp.  Since we are
assuming that the p we actually work with is prime, we have: n^p = n mod p
ie: n^((p-1)*i+1) = n mod p.  So we want ed = (p-1)*i+1, ie: ((ed-1)/i)+1 = p.
Let 2*x be the target number of bits in the modulous.  We then look for two
primes with approximately x digits such than d (for each prime in turn) is
small.  We know that ed = (p-1)*i+1, so we search for small i's that work.
d = ((p-1)*i+1)/e, so for a given p, d will be small iff i is small.
But in general, the calculation to invert e is long.  We therefore fix ed--
that is our n1--and hope for a small i that works.  If none work, we
increment d and try again.
Once we have a p that gives us a small d, we then count the 0's in d,
hoping for a high count.  If we don't get it, we increment d.
That is what my previous algorithm did.  Of course, we can expect a halt
exactly when d ends with a bunch of 0's, followed by a few spare bits.
B-A-D bad.
The solution, though, is easy: pick a random high-0 d.  Multiply it by
0x10001 to get ed, and search for small i's.  If you fail, increment d.
Doing so won't affect the number of 0's in d by much, and we expect a prime
fast enough that cumlatives won't be a problem, either.
Let 2*x be the target number of bits in the modulous.
GetPrime twice.
Let d be a large random number with x-15 bits.
If d has too many 1's, pick digits at random and 0 them until d is
sufficiently 0-rich.  This would include room for extra 1s to appear as d
is incremented.
Let n1 = d * 0x10001
Let t2 be n1 mod 8, t3 be n1 mod 9, t5 be n1 mod 25, t7 be n1 mod 49.
For i = 2 to 7
 If n1 = 1 mod i and (n1-1)/i + 1 is not a multiple of {2,3,5,7}
    If (n1-1)/i + 1  is prime, record and exit Loop.
    EndIf
 EndIf
n1 += 0x10001
By keeping track of various quantities, we can eliminate all multiprecision
divisions except for the original one needed to get the t's and the first
n1/i's, and doing increments instead.

@_date: 1995-02-09 04:05:18
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Why encrypt intra-remailernet. 
I was finally able to read Lance's stuff.  Great work!  Ironically, I
arrived at the conclusion that his methods are necessary just before
downloading my mail (including his stuff).  With that in mind, I have now a
new DRAFT:  model.  I anticapate continued discussions on this matters
mostly under that topic.  Also, could you send me a copy of Chaum's paper?
I don't have metamail, but I can convert GIFs, if you could send it PGP -a.
If Chaum only accepts validly signed packets, she can.  (Or at a minimum,
the government must demonstrate that she compromised these other keys.)
It's called "faking evidence".  It's a real problem, especially if you are a
religious nut with guns.  Or just a nut with guns.  If the government knows
you are using the remailers, and wants to establish that you are using them
to conspire, this is the only way to fake evidence.
As for hacking PGP, I am convinced that the mixmaster-type remailers
require their own package.  Coming soon.
But padding is worthless if Eve runs some of the remailers.  I know I just
changed the threat model, but stay tuned...
This attack fails if the last link encrypts on the way out, since the
session key changes.  Bob still gets the dupe message, Eve gets no info.
There may be another way to handle dupe messages, stay tuned...
Then why did you say, "Let's not start rumors..."?
Not if Chaum encrypts to Bob.  Chaum encrypting to Bob pushes Eve back to
Wei Dai's work.
I suppose that depends on the threat model.  If the gov't has control of
all the remailers, she's toast, except for being able to claim that the
message was forged.  Here, she loses.  In all other models, the gov't gains
only the proof that she used the remailer net.  In and of itself suspicious
(some places and times), but presumably _not_ a hanging offense.
I mean the power to spoof a remailer, in the sense of processing messages
for it, possibly altering them.  I admit, with intra-remailer encryption,
this is equivalent to compromising the key.  Yes, but...  If the address faked is nzook at bga.com, then I have something
to be upset about, no?
Okay, but in practice we need a lot of garbage.
Every remailer knows to send Bob x messages per tick.  It's right after his
PGP key in the database.
Each remailer does its own work.  The sum of equals is equal.
But the correlation attack might mean more than just A sending to B.  It
could be B recieves message, then commits act X.
No.  I was refering to your trust in packing garbage on the end of a pgp
message.  If the headers and bodies are encrypted separately, and the
remailers just tack garbage onto the end of the message, you get 12345xyz
one time, and 12345pqr the second.  Match.
Your analysis, as I see it, is essentially correct.  I think that the total
load can be time-dependent, but should be even across all remailers on each
tick.  We need a lot of garbage in the net in order to cover all types of
attacks/foolish useage.
So why mention it in this context?
But I said average plus 3 standard deviations.  If you know you are going
to send GIFs at some point, you make a point of setting you standard that
high.  BTW, I envision a tick period of 30 minutes to an hour.
Hopefully, I made my positions on these matters clear.  As I said, I have
new ideas, several of which supercede these.
On multiple Request-Remailing-To:'s
Yeah.  I realised this right after sending it.  Genius that I am.  I guess
you have to limit the number of remailers in the multiples to 1.  Even
then, you could end up with a remailer-based spam.  (joy)  I guess you have
to, as a matter of policy, allow 1 remailer and nothing else or any number
of others.

@_date: 1995-02-09 04:09:32
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Threat models. [was: Why encrypt intra-remailernet] 
By anyone with the resources to snoop up- and down- stream of all the
Yes, but...  The very act of going to the trouble of using these remailers
means that you are dealing with someone powerful enough to read past forged
From/From: lines.  Does it take that much more to snoop these sites?  My
gut says no.  Everybody harps chaining.  Does snooping take more effort
than compromising?  I think it would be hard indeed to say so.
So if we think Eve can compromise some remailers, and/or read past
From/From: faking, we are, I believe, forced to believe that Eve can snoop
all the remailers.  Threat models need to be uniform in the power of the

@_date: 1995-02-09 04:11:02
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Mixmaster + T1 
*** Background
Cypherpunk remailers have been very effectively keeping the net.cops at
bay--mostly because the net.cops aren't _real_ cops.  Lance has offered a
standard that goes quite a distance towards defeating the latter opponent.
I hope that my suggestions can close the gap.  The remailers, and their
mailers, use IDEA, RSA, MD5, PGP, and D-H.
*** Threat Model
Our attacker, Eve, is a wealthy national government.  Eve has corrupted at
least some of the law enforcement agencies, but not much of the judiciary.
Contact with the remailers has not been outlawed.  Individual use of strong
crypto has not been outlawed.  ( I know this probably violates the equality
of power demand, but...)  Alice and Bob are sending each other messages
through the net, and know that they are being watched.  Eve does not have
the secret (PGP/RSA) keys of anyone she has not explicitly compromised.
The historical examples might be Chinese dissidents, Afgan or Nicuaraguian
freedom fighters, David Koresh, Randy Weaver, or Mary of Scotland.
*** Goal
Our goal is to help Alice and Bob carry on an extended conversation without
Eve being able to produce proof that either one of them actually sent any
real message.  This include the possibility that on occasion, theirs is the
only real message in the remailer net.  By produce I include manufacture.
Forward security for all involved is preferable.
*** Attack Modes
I believe that there are five primary modes of attack:  traffic analysizing
individual remailers, traffic analysizing the remailer net as a whole,
compromising remailers, correlating the reception of messages by Bob or
Alice with their later outside actions, and fabricating messages from Alice
to Bob.
*** Basic Abilities
Eve knows all of our protocals, and can convince the Internet that she is
anyone.  She records all traffic into or out of all remailers, as well as
Alice and Bob.  She runs most of the remailers, and can temporarily and
selectively block traffic through the remailers.
*** Attack Methods.
I will not redetail the standard attacks which include flushing, spam-
copying, single copying (stuttering), size matching, or We Dai.  I will,
however, detail certain attacks that I believe are either new or have not
been generally discussed.
** Fabricating Evidence
As we have seen with our own government, lack of evidence is a condition
that governments can correct by fiat.  (Randy Weaver)  Alice has to be able
to prove that a message on the Internet "from" her to a remailer did not in
fact originate with her.
** Sandwiching
(This attack may not be possible at this time.  But it is hard to know...)
If Eve owns remailers on either side of another, she may seed "random" data
with particular data in order to determine what IDEA key was used on the
** Remailer Spoofing
Eve can attempt to process messages on a remailer's behalf.
** Message Body Matching
If a copy of a message can be sent through, the first part of the body
(following the headers) can be compared.  If random garbage has been tacked
on by the other remailer, it will be distinguished.  *** Definitions for Standard
Remailers and mailers together are generically called users.  Alice is
sending a message to Bob.
All remailers operate on ticks.  At certain GMTs, all remailers process all
of their accumulated messages, then forward them, holding some over for the
next batch.
The term message refers to either the final message to be sent to Bob, or
its encrypted counterparts--including padding.  A header is a set of
communications to a remailer, or to Bob.  A message packet is a message
with all of its headers.  A T1 packet is the collection of all message
packets going from one user to another on a given tick, with additional
header information.
*** Standard for Exchanging T1 Packets
T1 packets are IDEA encrypted.  The key is exchanged through a DH exchange
which takes place inside previous T1 packets.  The keys are DHed so that
the compromise of one T1 packet does not lead to the compromise of all
subsequent packets.
In order to establish the original IDEA keys, a sender would contact a
reciever with a special "origination" packet request.  Such requests would
intiate contact between users, or could be used to establish secure IDEA
tick keys in the event of a failed connection, or compromised key.  This
packet includes a disposable RSA key, which the receiver would use to PGP a
disposable RSA key in return.  IDEA keys for future packets could be passed
through these RSA keys.  The RSA keys would themselves be signed by the
public key associated with each user.
*** The Structure of a T1 Packet
T1 packets would include the DH key exchanges for future ticks, a
timestamp, all message packets destined for the reciever this tick, an MD5
of the previous T1 packet recieved (decrypted), and an MD5 of the rest of
the message, as a checksum.  This could be turned into a signature,
possibly with the timestamp.  If the MD5 from the previously recieved
packet matches, the copy of the old sent T1 packet is destroyed.  If it is
bad, the old packet is resent, with a different key.
*** Selection of Message Packets to a User
Mailers specify a number of message packets that they receive each tick
from various remailers.  If a remailer has more messages packets for a
mailer on a given tick than the mailer receives, the extras are held over,
and a notice is sent so that the mailer can determine if he should raise
his limit.  If the number of "real" packets to a user is below his limit,
dummy packets are sent to him through other remailers, on a sliding scale.
A user sends the same number of message packets to each remailer every
tick.  There is a minimum number of message packets that a remailer will
send to each other remailer each turn.
all took the same path. */
Messages being held are flaged with the number of ticks that they have been
held.  There is a maximum number of ticks that a message packet can be held.
Mailers send the same number of message packets each tick to each remailer
that they might use.
*** Use of Dummy Message Packets
Dummy message packets are used to pad traffic.  Dummy messages are always
sent at least to third party remailers.  The distribution of these third
parties is random.
sent to her machines.  But if these do not originate in the machine that
sent the message, her gain is much weakened.  If Eve controls most of the
remailers, it may be necessary to send dummy messages through three
remailers in order to obscure traffic flow.  If the distrubtion were flat,
real messages would stand out. */
*** The Structure of a Message Packet
All message bodies are standard sized, and have a standard number of
standard sized headers.  The reconstitution of oversized messages is
handled by Bob's client.  The division of oversized messages is handled by
Alice's client.  An exception is made for mail-to-news gateways, to
reconstitute the oversized message at the last remailer.  Such exceptions
include a rough check to insure that the message is either valid ASCII
armour, or some language.
The header to a remailer includes the forwarding address, a timestamp, and
the IDEA keys to be used on each other header, as well as the body.  (Each
is different.  See below.) After decrypting, the headers are circulated.
When creating the timestamp for a header number n, Alice uses the time of
the nth tick coming.
The top header itself is RSAed with the user's public key.
on a header, she can use this to trace the message.  If we include only the
key and an increment, she can get this information if she has two remailers
before the good one.  If we include the key, an increment, and a
permutation of the headers, she can guess the key.  */
The header for Bob includes an MD5 of the message, flags in case the
message is oversized, and a timestamp.
*** Elimination of Duplicate Packets
An MD5 record is kept of every message, every header, and every T1 packet
recieved or sent for M ticks.  M is related to the number of headers and
the maximum number of ticks that a message is held--with room for error.
If a match is found, the entire packet is rejected.  If a message arrives
with a timestamp older than M ticks, it is rejected.  If a message arrives
with a timestamp in the future, it is held until that time.
*** Incorporation of Encrypted Reply Blocks
Encrypted Reply Blocks would be the PGPed version of a header set.  The
receiver would know the IDEA keys used on the body, and the order, so he
could reverse the operation.  The keys could even be included in the final
header.  It is not possible in this system to allow multiple encrypted
reply block responses without possible compromise of the recipient.
*** Weaknesses
Clients are required to be as sophisticated as hosts.  Clients must be able
to handle lots of dummy mail.  Both hosts and clients must have access to
good, secure, random data sources.  Hosts must be able to protect their
data for a period of hours or days.  Hosts and clients need to be able to
protect their DH information.
Flame on!!

@_date: 1995-01-18 19:13:01
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: JP vs Homer 
A side note:  "The ultimate hacks of Wall Street."
    Now THERE is an idea...  You think Donald Trump could see the
    usefulness of e*?  Ivan Boskey?  (sp)
To the point:
     JP's withdrawal, and Homer's thread point to something that I've felt
for a while:  The classification of our tools as munitions has an important
point--they should not be used by children.  A.S.R not withstanding, (such
a person has had their childhood robbed) what we are doing is _very
serious_.  Sometimes we talk about pulling down the entire structure of our
governments and economy as if it we a Sunday afternoon parlor exercise, or
a pipe dream.  It is neither.
     We are on the verge of a restructuring of our society.  Cypherpunk
projects are the bleeding edge.  Implementation calls for serious,
considered efforts.  Childish behavior is not only uncalled for, it must be
anticipated and prevented, or as a minimum, found and fought.
     I have long been concerned that the remailers are far to vulnerable to either childish abuse or TLA attacks.  The former is reaching the stage of
threatening to swamp us, either by resource depletion, or by stigmatizing
our efforts.
     There is little, if anything, we can do to stop a chained, PGP'ed mail
bomb, "This is mail bomb number XXX.  Boom!"  It is therefore in our best
interest to not encourage children to send such messages in such a way.  I
believe Homer's message was erroneous for this reason.
     We do have considerable interest, however, in maintaining a positive
image.  Positive image is a multifaceted jewel.  We must look to preserve
it as much as possible while pursuing our goals.
     We are capable of controlling mail bombs, for instance, in the
following way:
     Take an incoming message, capture From: line.  Strip header.  MD5 body.
Add to sorted table [From: MD5(message) date].  Check for repetition of
first two fields.  If reps = 1, forward message.  If reps = 2, send message
to From: message ( "Possible error.  Two copies of message) received."  If
reps = 0 mod 5, send letter to postmaster at From:.  "Possible mailbomb or
spam.   copies of  received from  at your site in the
past week." Clear table of entries more than a week old every midnight.
     If all remailers did this, then no matter where the net was entered,
the messages would be rejected.  And spammers/bombers would be spamming/
bombing their own postmaster.  Probably a bad idea.  If not all did it,
then add special handling to hit remailer-operator at .  This would encourage
the operator to auto-magically handle the spam-bomb himself.
     Dealing with huge files and/or TLA's is a topic for another day.
Remember:  spook at cia.gov, snitch at fbi.gov, and cracker at nsa.gov are probably
all listening, maybe even denning at aol.com.  Is it a stretch to consider
that _they_ might spam-bomb us, trying to discourage the best?
Finger or request keyserver for PGP 2.6.2 (tm) key.
PGP<->Mail/News installation incomplete.
Factors for modulous are not proven primes.  Key may be far weaker than
expected.  Encode at your own risk.
Key ID: 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook Key fingerprint =  44 B3 D8 66 3D 55 1E 2E  F8 92 22 A6 33 8C DE 24

@_date: 1995-01-20 15:34:06
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Spam Busters! 
Yeah, the numbers should be higher.  This was just a hypothetical!
nzook at bga.com said:
way.  I
People, please!  Before critisizing a method, look at the threat model!  I
plainly stated that my method was not intended to deal with real trouble.
tcmay: "The From: line is notoriously misleading".
But it still gives enough that we need remailers in the first place, right?
The "From:" was a token.  It wasn't meant as a literal.  For id'ing
postmaster, all you need is the xx.xx.xx.xx, right?
jalicqui "Unless your remailer was the terminal remailer for a significant
But in a serious spam/mailbomb attack, someone would _have_ to get a bunch,
right?  With the changing session keys, and a chain, the best we could hope
for would be to stop it on its way out.  (or use for padding ;-)
Incidently, a per/customer volume limit would also control the binaries.
Since we have little hope of id'ing the true originator, we might have to
limit a site. (bad)  OTOH, if someone tried to send binaries, only to find
that they couldn't get more than 1M out an hour, they would probably give
up & go somewhere else.  We might also hit the chained pgp bomber this way,
as the messages would likely be fairly large?
But this all misses a point that I would like to stress.  We are in what
the military refers to as "low-intensity combat".  Right now, we don't have
a continuous stream of spam-bombs floating through our systems.  (Well, we
did, but jp shut down :-(( )  Right now, we (other than PRZ) don't have
serious legal troubles.  Right now, our remailers are too weak to be a
significant problem to the TLAs (any more than a forged From:).
The way to win a low-intensity battle is to avoid escalating unless you are
sure you can win.  Eventually, we will have to standardize packets.
Eventually, we will have to employ very sophisticated techniques to deal
with spam-bomb.  But maybe we don't do that today.  Maybe we do just enough
to catch a bunch of the most juvenile.  Then the next bunch is smarter.
Then we catch them.  We keep going.  You see, I doubt that we can take on
a spammer that knows the net as well as anyone here.  But I don't doubt
that word can get out that the remailers nail spammers.  Of course, we risk
becoming the latest challenge to the juvenile, but I think that this is far
less likely than it appears at first because we are, after all, "really
My suggestion is to avoid, for as long as possible, letting on to _anyone_
just how sophisticated our systems are, just how much can be done, until we
are sure we can win the unavoidable battles.
This also strongly points to per-line blocking of remailers.  Since the
necessary steps to catch a sUPer bomber appear to be impossible/
impractical, we must offer annon-blocking for those poor souls that request
it.  Perhaps annon-block for a month at a time.  This is part of that PR that we need to watch.
To put it another way, if our services make it easy(er) for someone to
engage in an activity that we oppose, and that can hurt (subjective)
someone else, we are facing a moral responsiblity for our actions.  We
should attempt to fulfill that responsibility.
I believe that the phone company even allows people to change numbers for
free if they are receiving harassing calls.  And we want to be better
though of than the phone company, right?
BTW, do you have to be a remailer operator to be on the list?  If not, I'ld
like to know how to subscribe...
Finger or request keyserver for PGP 2.6.2 (tm) key.
PGP<->Mail/News installation incomplete.
Factors for modulous are not proven primes.  Key may be far weaker than
expected.  Encode at your own risk.
Key ID: 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook Key fingerprint =  44 B3 D8 66 3D 55 1E 2E  F8 92 22 A6 33 8C DE 24

@_date: 1995-01-21 10:17:49
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Supreme Court on Anonymous Bills 
$.02 (fiat) on Talley v California  (recently posted here)
It is important to note that this court is expected to significantly
reverse some of the landmark cases from the Warren era.  We should,
therefore, to look to the dissent at least as much as to the court.
There can be little question that any attacks on remailers and civilian
strong crypto will face challenges on the basis of Free Speech and Equal
Protection.  The question is: can the state show compelling interest?  I
believe that it can.  Anonymous agents, by their very nature, are immune
from state restraint.  Since our entire legal system centers around state
restraint, I believe that Free Speech and Equal Protection will fall to the
four horsemen.
When we consider the decision, we note that one of the main reasons for
voiding the ordinance on its face was that there were other remedies to the
problems that the ordinance claimed to address.  No such other remedies
will exist in our case, that being part of the point of our systems.
Considering the dissent, we see even more room, with the question of Equal
Protection might not be extended on the basis that only electronic
communications were hampered.
There is the general question of political speech.  Unfortunately, there is
little anonymous _US_ political speech.  Furthermore, sedition is a crime,
and if the Founding Fathers printed the same things against our government
that they did against England (they could do more), they would face a
number of criminal charges.
I believe, therefore, that both the court and the dissent bode poorly for
anonymous encrypted mail.
But these are not the only arguments we have.  We have the questions of
Enforcablity, Distinguishability, Privacy, and the Right to Bear Arms.
One may argue with some force that it may be impossible to determine if a
person is sending and receiving information (and requests for information)
directly, or if they are acting as an anonymizing agent.  One may argue
with great force this difficulty, combined with the nature of the InterNet,
would make general enforcement impossible--leading to the same type of
failure as the Prohibition.  One may argue forcably that the tools
necessary to allow anymous encrypted traffic are the tools necessary to
preserve the barest elements of privacy.  Finally, since strong crypto has
been ITAR limited, one may argue that the tools required are militia-type
weapons, and as such, protected Arms.
Finger or request keyserver for PGP 2.6.2 (tm) key.
PGP<->Mail/News installation incomplete.
Factors for modulous are not proven primes.  Key may be far weaker than
expected.  Encode at your own risk.
Key ID: 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook Key fingerprint =  44 B3 D8 66 3D 55 1E 2E  F8 92 22 A6 33 8C DE 24

@_date: 1995-01-23 16:23:48
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: US News and World Report 
I just looked over an article in US News and World Report today.  The cover
was a badge with the words "Cyber Cops" on it.  Guess which article I
"Is Anything Safe in Cyberspace?"
I think it came over okay.  Quoted Chaum, mentioned the positive uses of
remailers, had an extensive sections on privacy and on free speech.  It
was somewhat sympathetic to Clipper, didn't really take the protests
seriously.  Mentioned anonymous ecash.  It also had a quote skewering the
highway metiphore, "It's organic".
This was all after the four horsemen were trotted out, in all their glory.
If anyone looked at only the first six inches, it sounded like an attack on
the net as a whole.
I'ld give it a 4 on an objective scale, 7 compared to what we expect.
Finger or request keyserver for PGP 2.6.2 (tm) key.
PGP<->Mail/News installation incomplete.
Factors for modulous are not proven primes.  Key may be far weaker than
expected.  Encode your own risk.
Key ID: 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook <nzook at bga.coKey fingerprint =  44 B3 D8 66 3D 55 1E 2E  F8 92 22 A6 33 8C DE 24

@_date: 1995-01-25 17:31:04
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: US News and World Report [Repost] 
I just looked over an article in US News and World Report today.  The cover
was a badge with the words "Cyber Cops" on it.  Guess which article I
"Is Anything Safe in Cyberspace?"
I think it came over okay.  Quoted Chaum, mentioned the positive uses of
remailers, had an extensive sections on privacy and on free speech.  It
was somewhat sympathetic to Clipper, didn't really take the protests
seriously.  Mentioned anonymous ecash.  It also had a quote skewering the
highway metiphore, "It's organic".
This was all after the four horsemen were trotted out, in all their glory.
If anyone looked at only the first six inches, it sounded like an attack on
the net as a whole.
I'ld give it a 4 on an objective scale, 7 compared to what we expect.
Finger or request keyserver for PGP 2.6.2 (tm) key.
PGP<->Mail/News installation incomplete.
Factors for modulous are not proven primes.  Key may be far weaker than
expected.  Encode at your own risk.
Key ID: 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook Key fingerprint =  44 B3 D8 66 3D 55 1E 2E  F8 92 22 A6 33 8C DE 24

@_date: 1995-01-28 05:25:18
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Secure (!?) Remailer Net 
Maybe I'm way behind the curve on this, but...
    The traffic analysis that we've seen so far mainly just documents
tcmay's "everybody a remailer" concept.  If you look, you will notice that
these analyses all assume that Alice and Bob are _not_ remailers
themselves, and for a good reason.  If Alice and Bob _are_ remailers,
analysis of the type used here is worthless, especially if Alice and Bob
have a policy of not sending any mail unless they first receive garbage,
and of sending out garbage whenever they get a letter.
    HOWEVER, the analysis makes another assumption--that messages are
indistinguishable.  This assumption does not correlate, as I understand it,
with the current remailer net.
    There are, as I see it, a couple of modifications that (I think) would
not impose to great a burden on our longsuffering coders, and, as a side
benefit, might allow more flexibility in other matters as well.
    Standard packet sizes, as I see it, are not very difficult to
implement, with a couple of assumptions.  (I now assume that all traffic is
    First, the message is signed with the sender's key.  (More on that
    Suppose a signed message to be forwarded is smaller than the standard
packet size.  The sending remailer adds a Cutmarks:  header.  At the end of
the message, the cutmark is added, followed by sufficient garbage to fill
out the standard packet size.  The message is then pgp'ed to the recipent
_with COMPRESS = OFF_.
    Upon receipt, the message is decrypted, and its origination can then be
triply verified (at least).  From: line, packet size, and PGP signature.
Since the message claims to be from a packeting remailer, the packet size
should be the standard one.  The recipient now has the message that was
sent to it.  This message is probably itself encrypted, so it can be
handled (almost) as if this message were just received.  This includes
stripping the garbage and (probably) decrypting the message to get the
forwarding information.
    Note that this system would allow the extropian remailer to be
compatible with Matt Ghio's alias system.  (Right now, the remailer doesn't
like separate pgp packets, or packets it can't read, or something.) Under
the current system, the precausion is entirely warranted.
    To make life even more fun, there is no good reason that non-remailers
cannot be in on the action!  Alice, sending to Bob through Chaum, pretends
to be a remailer.  That is, she prepares her message to Bob, (encrypted),
and adds the Request-Remailing-To:  Bob at nowhere.org, and signs it.  She
then observes that the message is too small, so she adds the Cutmarks:
header, etc.  When Chaum receives the packet, he opens it, removes the
cutmarks, and sees a signature he does not know.  Chaum then sends a
request to pgp-key-server at omniscient.gov for the key, and holds the message
until he gets it.  He then compares the address and name on the key
recieved to the message.  The signature is good, so he is ready to send the
packet to Bob.  But Bob can be in on the game as well, since there is no
reason that he cannot handle the Cutmarks:, the signature, and the nested
encryption.  In fact, Alice could include a copy of Bob's key in the
message for Chaum to use, after a Recipient-Key:  header.  Bob can also
verify that the message was actually routed through Chaum.  If Chaum is
concerned that, at some future time, Eve might supeona his key ring in
order to demonstrate that Alice and Bob are using Chaum, Chaum can
alternately request keys that he does not need from the servers, and delete
(older) keys in the ring.
    In other words, if all the remailers can handle nested pgp packets and
cutmarks, we are close to moving all small messages to a standard size.
    What if the file is too big?
    If the file is too big, break it in pieces.  We need a header,
Multipart Message:  n of m.  Note that since this is assumed to be _inside_
a pgp wrapper, it is secure.  The recipient could hold and merge the files
as needed.  If the message to be forwarded is too big, split and continue.
Since the messages are ascii armored, the split/combine protocal is to
concatenate.  Message parts could be made equal size to minimize the chance
of a message barely bumping over the limit as it moves.  Of course, Alice
could break her message to Bob directly, but we cannot assume that all
would do this for us.
    This also means that if Alice sends a message to Bob in the clear
through Chaum, and David, that the message will be encrypted from Chaum to
David.  Thus, if Eve wants to know which message from Chaum to David is the
one from Alice to Bob, (perhaps to know that it is _not_ the message from
Frank she is interested in) she knows only that it was one of the messages
from Chaum to David after Chaum got the message from Alice, and before
David sent it to Bob.  While Chaum and David can both read the message, it
still provides mixing capabilites inside the remailer net itself, and thus,
some protection to Frank.  (Who apparently needs the help.)
    A word on remailer keys:  Since pgp uses square-and-multiply for
exponentiation, we see that the amount of work needed to sign a message is
d(m) * (d(e) + o(e)) where d(m) is the digits of the modulous, d(e) digits
of the exponent, and o(e) is the number of ones in e.  (I don't remember
the technical term.) Since the public key is small, each of the parts of
the private key will be large, BUT, there is no reason to assume that we
cannot get lucky, and find an m such that d(e) + o(e) is much smaller than
expected, (d(m) * 3/2, roughly) thus greatly reducing the system demand of
the remailer.  In fact, it might be possible to move to 768-bit keys for
those that have kept their sizes down in the past.  If pgp handles each
prime separately, we look for a double-lucky modulous.  (And a source of
random numbers that does not involve striking keys!)
    Cypherpunks come up with really neato ideas for somebody ELSE to
code...  (Sorry guys, but I've not figured out how to get Unix/TCP/etc
working on my Amiga...yet...)
    By the way, the following key id's are showing on the list, but are not
on the servers:  27D5B76D 231C7021 34ED427F E37385DD.  The first is the
auto-signer at bb.hks.net.  Also, my modem isn't too thrilled with my
connection these days, If the signature fails, look for obvious errors in
the text.  Sorry.
    "PGP?"                      "ITAR!"                      "Oh, RKBA!"
  ----------------- 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook  )
44B3D866 3D551E2E ---------------------------------------------------
F89222A6 338CDE24/ |
  -----------------

@_date: 1995-01-28 14:53:34
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Why encrypt intra-remailernet. 
Suppose Alice sends Bob a message e(M) through Chaum.  Eve, a stong
opponent, wants to trace the message.  She keeps track of all outgoing mail
from Alice, an MD5 hash of all incoming messages to Bob, and outgoing from
Bob.  Eve then sends Chaum e(M), and waits for a matching MD5 to Bob that
doesn't correlate to an outgoing MD5 from Bob.  (Eve knows that Bob is a
(Thanks to whoever came up with Eve.  I'm embarassed that I didn't think of
that trick.)
    Clearly, this generalizes.
    Gentlemen, I believe that I have just stumbled upon a strong proof of
the necessity of remailer auto-encryption of all messages.  Since the
session key is PRG, MD5 will change (a lot;).  Furthermore, remailer auto-
encryption allows the mailers to number their messages to each other.  A
low number means a re-transmit from the remailer, which is not possible,
unless some sort of ACK system is in place, and even then, would still
flag.  Of course, if the remailers _sign_ their messages (on the way out)
as well, you could compare the timestamps of the signatures with the
message itself.

@_date: 1995-01-29 06:46:52
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Secure (?) Remailer-net 
First, in case you all haven't noticed, I am seriously async here.  Sorry
that I sometimes seem to alternately really miss or firmly grasp the
Yes, but... Presumably those who feel that they need remailer and are willing to put
out the effort to use one might also feel that they need a higher level of
security.  I suppose that my remark might be more accurately:
"mainly just documents the superiority of the 'everybody a remailer'
concept for TA purposes."  Of course, if the remailer-in-a-box isn't much
harder to use than PGP was two years ago, then maybe "everybody" will...
No?  Isn't the InterNet currently under a serious packet-spoofing attack?
Don't we expect Eve to be AKA NSA?  If I run a remailer, I want to know
that I'm not being lied to in the process.  That insistance might just save
the legal butt of the guy being spoofed, by demonstrating that the packet
did not in fact originate from the remailer.  Just because remailers are
legal doesn't mean that the govt won't still try to shut them down...
In this instance garbage is defined as cryptographic random.  If the
message has a length indicator in the clear, then Eve can read it.
(Remember, Eve runs snakoil at nsa.gov.)  Therefore, such a marker has to be
_inside_ the wrapper.  Given this, (that everything is PGP wrapped) there
is always the chance that PGP will compress a message, even one with
cryptographically strong bits in the end.  While compression can improve
protection, it is not likely to do so if the original message was already
PGPed.  Only "clear" messages, therefore, risk losing protection.  As you
note, such messages don't deserve as much help as opaque ones.
See below.  Basically, we don't want to be spoofed ourselves.  Bad
security for our systems.  Admittedly, this is probably not a real problem
today.  See my sig.
Sure it does.  If the whole thing is inside a PGP wrapper, then it is
secure.  "Only passing through the contents of a PGP block" is currently a
security measure that makes good sense.  But if you have two separate
blocks _inside_ an outer wrapper, you already have full security.  Strip
off the outside, find two more wrappers.  Strip the first, get remailing
instructions.  Attempt to strip the second.  Fail.  Attach second wrapper
to forwarded message.  Full security.
Alice signs her messages to the remailer because she doesn't want anyone
spoofing her use of the remailer.  If a message goes in at 00:00:00.01, 1
Jan, 2001 that is "From:" her, it is FROM her.  More of the same reasoning.
This key doesn't have to have anything to do with the key she uses with
Bob.  It is the one that she wants the general public to use for HER.
NoNoNoNoNoNoNo! ;) The key she includes is Bob's public key.  The same one
that is on the key servers.  This is so the message can be standard sized
for the final trip to Bob.  As we have noted, messages are quite vulnerable
at this stage.  If every message that Bob gets from Chaum "looks the same",
who is to say which is which?
Suppose you were using the remailer net.  Would you care to know that
someone was spoofing a node?  I would.  It would indicate that someone is
either hacking the system (probably no big deal), or that someone might be
shadowing a remailer.  That is, the remailer is no longer secure.  Spoofing
is a big deal on the net generally, and if we start being used a lot, we
will have to deal with it as well.  Why not now?
Ever hear of "guilt by association"?  See my sig.
If the message length is world readable, it is world readable.  The super-
wrapping makes sure that it is not.  It also makes clear messages
indistinguishable from opaque ones inside the net.  See below.
Yes, but...  Breaking an overly large file makes it indistinguishable from
standard sized ones.  See below.
below:  (Couldn't resist ;-)
The point of "Uncling" insecure messages has nothing to do with improving
the security of the insecure messages.  I agree, as a good member of the
Libertarian-Christian wing of the Republican party (NYET!) that these folks
deserve snakeoil.  But we're _not_ doing it for them.  We're doing it for
Frank, who does everything right.  If Eve doesn't know anything we don't
have to tell her about Alice's messages, then she gains no free negative
information about Frank's.  Judging by the remailer stats, there are a lot
of messages traveling "in the clear." These messages currently do nothing
for those of us that do things right.  It's time that they do.
So I'm not encouraging Alice to trust Chaum.  I'm encouraging Chaum to give
Frank all the help he can.  Frank, who just blew the whistle on the
"Justice" Department.  Frank, who does everything right, and might even
stand out because he does.  Frank, the guy we are all really doing this
To put it another way, if we really don't want centralized solutions, if no
one should trust any of us, if the users should provide all of their own
cover, then why are you running a remailer?  Let them telnet to port 25.
Let them do whatever.
Maybe that was too harsh.  I don't advocate holding people's hands.  What I
_do_ want to do is to provide the best service that we can.  Note that from
earlier and current work (thanks, guys!), we see that even if the remailer
net itself is completely secure, the sender and reciever can still be
traced with near-exponential speed.  So our systems provide a delay in tracking of a couple of months.  Big
deal.  The TLAs routinely take years to build a serious case.  If we are
going to be any help to folks that _really_ need it, we have to extend the
black box all the way to people outside the net.  As you said, not everyone
will be remailers anytime soon.
So if I am trusting a remailer net, wouldn't it be nice to know that no one
but the ends can even think about compromising the message?  (Until one of
them does.)  Wouldn't it be nice to know if the ends were being shadowed?
As for signing intra-net traffic, suppose, at some time in the future, we
agree that we do, in fact, need them.  Will it be easier or harder to
implement then?
Actually, I did make this error when I first considered this, also.  We do
not hope for a short key.  In fact, we know that the key will be long, when
viewed in parts, as I now believe that it is.  We hope that the key will be
0 rich.  The chance of this just comes off of the binomial distribution,
which is not nearly so bad.  Sorry.  And a, say, 10% improvement above
expected allows a cooresponding length increase--which does something
_more_ than improve security by 10% ;)
Not at all.  We're not talking about anything as important as unix vs
windows.  You must be a better person than I.  I usually love shooting down
lame-brain ideas.  ;-)
See below.  I mean above.  I mean below:.  This is not, IMHO, a centralized
solution, as I see it.  As I see it, this is a _minimal_ solution to the
problem that today, our net is laughably easy to crack.  I assume that
anyone that wants to spoof will have a reason to do so.  I assume that if
the NSA/FBI/CIA/DEA/DIA/ATF wants to trace a message, they will bring the
full power of their systems to bear, including reading this list.
Anyone else?  Tim's usually pretty good at panning me. :-P  :-)
Cypherpunk's precausions today look hopelessly paranoid.  Until you
consider that their precausions from yesterday are now considered
hopelessly quaint.
"PGP?"                        "ITAR!"                          "Oh, RKBA!"
  ----------------- 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook  )
44B3D866 3D551E2E ---------------------------------------------------
F89222A6 338CDE24/ |
  -----------------

@_date: 1995-01-29 06:49:56
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Always after me lucky primes... 
So Hal thinks that it would take a lot of work to get a private exponent
that is even marginally short?
Let n be the random number generated by keystrokes.
Let m be n mod (0x10001 * 8 * 9 * 25 * 49).
Let s be m mod 0x10001.
Let n1 be n + 0x10000 - s.  Let t be m + 0x10000 - s mod 8 * 9 * 25 * 49.
Let t2 be m mod 8, t3 be m mod 9, t5 be m mod 25, t7 be m mod 49.
Let n2 be n1 / 2, n3 be n1 / 3, n4 be n1 / 4, ... n7 be n1/7.
using t's, determine if n1 is a mult of 2, 3, 5, 7.
if so, check appropriate element of {n2, n3, n4, n5, n6, n7} for primeness.
(there may not be one).
if not check n1.
Determine if some element of {n1,...n7} is prime If so, let d = (n1 + 1 ) / 0x10001
     [equiv: n1/0x10001 + 1]
  Let k = 0's in d.
     [check previous flamage for best method]
  If k is below threshhold, save and exit.
     (you may wish to ensure that k is _above_ a certain threshhold...)
Let n1 += 0x10001
using t's, determine if n1 is a mult of 2, 3, 5, 7. if so, increment the appropriate elements of {n2, ... n7}.
also, check appropriate element of {n2, n3, n4, n5, n6, n7} for primeness.
  (there may not be one).
if not check n1.
Cypherpunks write algorithms, and argue about operating systems.
Clearly, if you wish to be a stickler about the number of digits that you
end up with, you wouldn't use n2 through n7.  The t's, however, or some
version thereof, would speed the checking noticably.
I hearby provide notice of claim to all intelectual copyrights relating to
the above algorithm(s) against all entities using the algorithms for
commercial purposes, specifically against PKP, and Viacrypt, their
assignees, and anyone claiming the devolution of their patents. For non-
commerical use, including inclusion into PGP (tm) packages that will be
distributed free of charge, Fred Fish and similiar distributions, I release
all claims, providing a copy of this notice is included.
"PGP?"                        "ITAR!"                          "Oh, RKBA!"
  ----------------- 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook  )
44B3D866 3D551E2E ---------------------------------------------------
F89222A6 338CDE24/ |
  -----------------

@_date: 1995-01-29 13:04:12
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Why encrypt intra-remailernet. 
Lance Cottrell Well, actually, I'm suggesting a database that includes all remailers and
all selected users.  ICT: in order to beat TA, first or last remailers are
going to _have_ to used standaradized, encrypted packets.  The remailers
are almost secondary here, except that we aren't sure that TA through the
net is impossible.  Or we could be facists, and _only_ send out PGP-ed,
standard sized packets.  (Forcing remailer-users to get into PGP.)
Something would have to be done about lists & mail-to-news.
Is there some difficulty in maintaining a database?  Remailers would want
to publicize their exsistance.  This might involve pinging, but so what?
That's just more noise.
But doesn't this require a realtime connection to be practical?  ie:
remailers must be _on_ the net?
As far as this all goes, the sender could stick _all_ packets together, PGP
the whole thing, and send _that_.  This would only require signing once per
recipient per tick.  T1, anyone?
P.S.  Could you mail me that essay?  I'm long distance to the net right now.
Adam Shostack I think that you are missing the attack.  Eve wants to prove that Alice
sent a message to Bob.  By resending Alice's message, it will route through
Chaum just fine, producing identical output (message to Bob) as before.
Assuming that Eve doesn't intercept the message, stopping Bob from getting
it, Bob will know that something is up when he gets the message the second
time, but by then it is too late.  Eve knows that Alice's message, sent at
time X, corresponds to a message received by Bob at time Y.  This is
exactly the sort of thing that LEAs love to use in building a case.
My claim is that the only way to prevent this attack is for Chaum not to
send out identical messages if he receives identical messages.  Identical,
in this case, would include messages identical except for
"cryptographically strong random" data tacked on to the end, because if Eve
had the storage space, she could compare messages _that_ way, stripping off
the end bits, and getting the real message (encrypted) to Bob in the
The natural way to do this is to super-encrypt.  Of course, if Chaum just
sends one rather large file to Bob each tick, Eve is hosed.
BTW, if Chaum does an MD5-compare of all incoming messages, he can limit a
spam to 1 per tick from his remailer with _no_ recordkeeping.  Or maybe he
could send a bunch of identical garbage messages to a random remailer, 85%
of the time....
I really don't see how you can call this "cooperation beyond that which is
needed".  If the remailers default to strip nested envelopes, and to pad
messages to standard sizes, the only "cooperation" between the operators is
to publish PGP keys.  They aren't "helping" each other, they are helping
the end users.
But this is all so trivial, compared to arguing operating systems.
Finger or request keyserver for PGP 2.6.2 (tm) key.
PGP<->Mail/News installation incomplete.
Factors for modulous are not proven primes.  Key may be far weaker than
expected.  Encode at your own risk.
Key ID: 14712B4D 1994/12/26 Nathan H. Zook Key fingerprint =  44 B3 D8 66 3D 55 1E 2E  F8 92 22 A6 33 8C DE 24

@_date: 1995-07-24 21:18:22
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: Crisis Overload (re Electronic Racketeering) 
Well, now, I wouldn't say THAT....
There are those of us intent enough of defending our rights as to go so far as to make an effort of getting to where we can do so more easily.  While I know I was shouted down over NYET, the group does know where I stand on the issue of, for instance, free crypto or the Exon Hustler Protection Act.  I intend to run for JP in '98, and (assuming our electoral system, if not our Constition is still intact) higher office later.  If I win, you can bet your keyring passwords that _I_ will make sure that my juries are aware of FIJAs position papers.
There are others--including one John Tello, a member of the Texas State Republican Executive Committee, who almost single handedly got a unanimous resolution out of the TX SREC calling for an end of our 60-year emergency and a recision of various related acts.
Bluntly, if you are bellyaching but _not_ involved with an organized political structure that is capable of influencing legislation, then I blame YOU for this legislation.  I am, have, and/or shall have lobbied every Congressman with whom I can claim a minimal connection.  And I've done the work so that this is a non-trivial list.
Direct mail is useful.  But until you've worked to get someone elected, you are just one more voice in the roar.  The '96 campaigns are shaping up.  (I'm already putting the word out for '98...)  This is the time to find people who share our views, and work so that they win their primaries--or maybe don't even have to fight one.  Or maybe its time _you_ ran.

@_date: 1995-07-31 20:44:59
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: U.S. Banks are not all that bad 
I might have missed the beginning of this thread, but noting the complaints that Lucky Green has made, I would submit that he may be dealing with a bank in deep financial straights.  The outrageous actions he charges follow exactly a pattern noted here in Austin a few years ago.  (During the S&L crisis.)  When banks start charging significant fees for mundane transactions, hit the exits at a run!  Ignore the major rating agencies, as they get their money from the banks. ;-)

@_date: 1995-07-31 21:33:51
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: OS noise  [Was: a hole in PGP] 
Ahem!  Commiedore APOLOGIED when it released its 512K OS a couple of years ago.  These things _don't_ have to be this large.
Got that straight!
Oh, please!  Now that I'm back with my direct connection, I want another OS holy war!  I want to killfile LOTS of people (or two people in No!  Use UltraDos.  Much better!
Now THAT's noise....

@_date: 1995-10-24 09:38:49
@_author: Nathan Zook 
@_subject: MD5 weakness ? [was Re: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF] 
The dear "Dr." Cohen strikes again:
  It would appear that "Dr." Cohen continues to assume that this list
appeared the moment he first posted, or that we love to type the same
symbols over and over.  This list places no more trust in MD5 than in
IDEA--or RSA, for that matter.  But since banks CURRENTLY trust RSA for
billions of dollars in transactions (and, I believe with fairly small
moduli) this trust is the usual trust of experience.
  In fact there HAVE been discussions of the security of MD5 on this
list--but since they occured before the good "Dr." Cohen arrived, perhaps we
should have them again for his sake.  But since most of us tire of typing
(and reading) endless explainations that we DON'T trust something
absolutely, we don't.  We also don't spend all of our time correcting
slightly overgeneralized statements. And of course there is the small fact
that quite a few people here believe that if anyone is foolish enough to
place absolute trust in an algorithm, who are we to disabuse them?
  But if "Dr." Cohen wishes to discuss the weaknesses of MD5, he should
focus his attention on his prefered whipping dog--PGP.  Some versions of PGP
had an insecure implementation of MD5.  But of course the "Dr." should know
that an insecure implementation is very far from a demonstration that an
algorithm is insecure.
Nathan Zook
Now installing Linux 3.0 or something...
