
@_date: 2003-08-04 23:31:49
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: [johnmacsgroup] Computer Voting Expert, Dr. Rebecca Mercuri, Ousted From Elections 
Computer Voting Expert Ousted From Elections Conference
Lynn Landes
freelance journalist
Denver CO Aug 1 - Dr. Rebecca Mercuri, a leading expert in voting machine
security, had her conference credentials revoked by the president of the
International Association of Clerks, Records, Election Officials, and
Treasurers (IACREOT), Marianne Rickenbach. The annual IACREOT Conference
and Trade Show, which showcases election systems to elections officials,
is being held at the Adam's Mark Hotel in Denver all this week.
Mercuri believes that her credentials were revoked because of her position
in favor of voter-verified paper ballots for computerized election
systems. "I guess in a very troubling way it makes sense that an
organization like IACREOT, that supports paperless computerized voting
systems, which are secret by their very design, would not want computer
experts who disagree with that position at their meetings."
Dr. Mercuri said that her credentials were approved for the first three
days of the conference. She attended meetings of other groups and visited
the exhibitors hall. But it was only on Thursday as she sat down to attend
her first meeting at the IACREOT that President Marianne Rickenbach took
Mercuri out of the room and told her that her credentials were being
revoked. Rickenbach said that Mercuri had not filled out the forms
correctly. Mercuri protested, but was refused reinstatement.
David Chaum, the inventor of eCash and a member of Mercuri's
'voter-verified paper ballot' group, had his credentials revoked on the
first day of the conference. On the second day his credentials were
partially restored. Chaum was allowed to visit the exhibitors hall, but
not attend the IACREOT meetings.
Rickenbach was unavailable for comment as of this report. Mercuri can be
reached at the Adam's Mark Hotel through Saturday.
---------- Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
Buy Ink Cartridges or Refill Kits for Your HP, Epson, Canon or Lexmark
Printer at Myinks.com. Free s/h on orders $50 or more to the US & Canada.

@_date: 2004-07-26 02:09:11
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: No subject 
, Peter Neumann Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2006-08-02 07:25:49
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: No subject 
, Dewayne Hendricks (johnmac --I find the following to be extremely troubling -- The
plan .. would also allow the secretary of defense to add crimes at
will to those under the military court's jurisdiction." What
"crimes"? Burning the flag? Spitting on the Sidewalk? This is,
IMNSHO, a subversion of the cConstitution)
White House Proposal Would Expand Authority of Military Courts
By R. Jeffrey Smith
A draft Bush administration plan for special military courts seeks to
expand the reach and authority of such "commissions" to include
trials, for the first time, of people who are not members of al-Qaeda
or the Taliban and are not directly involved in acts of international
terrorism, according to officials familiar with the proposal.
The plan, which would replace a military trial system ruled illegal
by the Supreme Court in June, would also allow the secretary of
defense to add crimes at will to those under the military court's
jurisdiction. The two provisions would be likely to put more
individuals than previously expected before military juries,
officials and independent experts said.
The draft proposed legislation, set to be discussed at two Senate
hearings today, is controversial inside and outside the
administration because defendants would be denied many protections
guaranteed by the civilian and traditional military criminal justice
Under the proposed procedures, defendants would lack rights to
confront accusers, exclude hearsay accusations, or bar evidence
obtained through rough or coercive interrogations. They would not be
guaranteed a public or speedy trial and would lack the right to
choose their military counsel, who in turn would not be guaranteed
equal access to evidence held by prosecutors.
Detainees would also not be guaranteed the right to be present at
their own trials, if their absence is deemed necessary to protect
national security or individuals.
An early draft of the new measure prepared by civilian political
appointees and leaked to the media last week has been modified in
response to criticism from uniformed military lawyers. But the
provisions allowing a future expansion of the courts to cover new
crimes and more prisoners were retained, according to government
officials familiar with the deliberations.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-18 03:03:31
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: Harlan Levy: Caught Up in DNA's Growing Web 
Op-Ed Contributor
Caught Up in DNA's Growing Web
by Harlan Levy
THE announcement this week that DNA from a paroled violent felon
working as a bouncer matches that found on plastic ties used to bind
a murdered graduate student highlights DNA's power to implicate
people already in state databases.
Fifteen years ago, as a Manhattan homicide prosecutor, I was an
aggressive proponent of taking DNA from convicted murderers, rapists
and other violent felons so we could catch them when they committed
crimes again. I even quit my day job to write a book likening the
identification of criminals through DNA to the voice of God speaking
on earth.
I still firmly believe in the power of DNA to catch the guilty and
exonerate the innocent. This week's developments seem likely to
vindicate that faith again. But for all this technology's promise,
proposals by some to extend DNA databanks far beyond convicted
felons, and even to the general population, go too far.
In the early 1990's, state legislatures did what many early
proponents of DNA urged: they passed laws to take DNA from those
convicted of murder, rape and other violent felonies. Then they
enacted laws to take DNA from most convicted felons. Misdemeanor sex
crimes were next, a logical, intelligent measure.
But the proposed next steps in DNA collection were more problematic.
In 1998, New York City's police commissioner, Howard Safir, proposed
that DNA be taken from all arrestees. And Gov. George Pataki has
sought to take DNA from people convicted of any misdemeanor, without
proof that such offenders are more likely than the general population
to commit violent felonies or sex crimes (the kinds of offenses where
DNA evidence is most useful).
And the buzz today among prosecutors, judges and defense lawyers is
that proposals to take DNA from the entire population are next.
What, if anything, is wrong with this picture? DNA databanks do help
apprehend dangerous criminals (and thereby prevent crime). But most
people aren't violent criminals and never will be, so putting their
DNA on file exposes them to risks that they otherwise wouldn't face.
First, the people who collect and analyze DNA can make mistakes
(witness the Houston Police Department Laboratory, whose slapdash DNA
procedures led to at least one wrongful conviction). Second, people
can be framed by the police, a rival or an angry spouse. Third, DNA
is all about context; there may be innocent reasons for a person's
DNA to be at a crime scene, but the police are not always so
Indeed, with a universal national DNA databank, innocent people may
be embroiled in criminal investigations when their DNA (a single hair
or spot of saliva on a drinking glass) appears in a public or private
place where they had every right to be.
Even if we get past those objections (do you trust the government
with your DNA on file?), the practical barriers to universal
collection loom larger still. In a nation with no institutionalized
national identification cards, photo files or fingerprinting, just
imagine requiring all citizens and residents to report to the local
registry for DNA collection.
So the advocates of universal testing will urge the collection of DNA
at birth. Aside from the atmospherics of registering newborns (don't
you know that children are our future ... criminals), rapid
technological advances suggest that we will not be using the same
methods to analyze and store DNA results 20 years from now, when
those grown babies begin committing crimes.
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-13 06:21:25
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: No subject 
Questions Raised for Phone Giants in Spy Data Furor
By JOHN MARKOFF
The former chief executive of Qwest, the nation's fourth-largest
phone company, rebuffed government requests for the company's calling
records after 9/11 because of "a disinclination on the part of the
authorities to use any legal process," his lawyer said yesterday.
The statement on behalf of the former Qwest executive, Joseph P.
Nacchio, followed a report that the other big phone companies  AT&T,
BellSouth and Verizon  had complied with an effort by the National
Security Agency to build a vast database of calling records, without
warrants, to increase its surveillance capabilities after the Sept.
11 attacks.
Those companies insisted yesterday that they were vigilant about
their customers' privacy, but did not directly address their
cooperation with the government effort, which was reported on
Thursday by USA Today. Verizon said that it provided customer
information to a government agency "only where authorized by law for
appropriately defined and focused purposes," but that it could not
comment on any relationship with a national security program that was
"highly classified."
Legal experts said the companies faced the prospect of lawsuits
seeking billions of dollars in damages over cooperation in the
program, citing communications privacy legislation stretching back to
the 1930's. A federal lawsuit was filed in Manhattan yesterday
seeking as much as $50 billion in civil damages against Verizon on
behalf of its subscribers.
For a second day, there was political fallout on Capitol Hill, where
Senate Democrats intend to use next week's confirmation hearings for
a new C.I.A. director to press the Bush administration on its broad
surveillance programs.
As senior lawmakers in Washington vowed to examine the phone database
operation and possibly issue subpoenas to the telephone companies,
executives at some of the companies said they would comply with
requests to appear on Capitol Hill but stopped short of describing
how much would be disclosed, at least in public sessions.
"If Congress asks us to appear, we will appear," said Selim Bingol, a
spokesman at AT&T. "We will act within the laws and rules that apply."
Qwest was apparently alone among the four major telephone companies
to have resisted the requests to cooperate with the government
effort. A statement issued on behalf of Mr. Nacchio yesterday by his
lawyer, Herbert J. Stern, said that after the government's first
approach in the fall of 2001, "Mr. Nacchio made inquiry as to whether
a warrant or other legal process had been secured in support of that
"When he learned that no such authority had been granted, and that
there was a disinclination on the part of the authorities to use any
legal process," Mr. Nacchio concluded that the requests violated
federal privacy requirements "and issued instructions to refuse to
The statement said the requests continued until Mr. Nacchio left in
June 2002. His departure came amid accusations of fraud at the
company, and he now faces federal charges of insider trading.
The database reportedly assembled by the security agency from calling
records has dozens of fields of information, including called and
calling numbers and the duration of calls, but nothing related to the
substance of the calls. But it could permit what intelligence
analysts and commercial data miners refer to as "link analysis," a
statistical technique for investigators to identify calling patterns
in a seemingly impenetrable mountain of digital data.
The law governing the release of phone company data has been modified
repeatedly to grapple with changing computer and communications
technologies that have increasingly bedeviled law enforcement
agencies. The laws include the Communications Act, first passed in
1934, and a variety of provisions of the Electronic Communications
and Privacy Act, including the Stored Communications Act, passed in
Wiretapping  actually listening to phone calls  has been tightly
regulated by these laws. But in general, the laws have set a lower
legal standard required by the government to obtain what has
traditionally been called pen register or trap-and-trace information
calling records obtained when intelligence and police agencies
attached a specialized device to subscribers' telephone lines.
Those restrictions still hold, said a range of legal scholars, in the
face of new computer databases with decades' worth of calling
records. AT&T created such technology during the 1990's for use in
fraud detection and has previously made such information available to
law enforcement with proper warrants.
Orin Kerr, a former federal prosecutor and assistant professor at
George Washington University, said his reading of the relevant
statutes put the phone companies at risk for at least $1,000 per
person whose records they disclosed without a court order.
"This is not a happy day for the general counsels" of the phone
companies, he said. "If you have a class action involving 10 million
Americans, that's 10 million times $1,000 that's 10 billion."
The New Jersey lawyers who filed the federal suit against Verizon in
Manhattan yesterday, Bruce Afran and Carl Mayer, said they would
consider filing suits against BellSouth and AT&T in other jurisdictions.
"This is almost certainly the largest single intrusion into American
civil liberties ever committed by any U.S. administration," Mr. Afran
said. "Americans expect their phone records to be private. That's our
bedrock governing principle of our phone system." In addition to
damages, the suit seeks an injunction against the security agency to
stop the collection of phone numbers.
Several legal experts cited ambiguities in the laws that may be used
by the government and the phone companies to defend the National
Security Agency program.
"There's a loophole," said Mark Rasch, the former head of computer-
crime investigations for the Justice Department and now the senior
vice president of Solutionary, a computer security company. "Records
of phones that have called each other without identifying information
are not covered by any of these laws."
Civil liberties lawyers were quick to dispute that claim.
"This is an incredible red herring," said Kevin Bankston, a lawyer
for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a privacy rights group that
has sued AT&T over its cooperation with the government, including
access to calling records. "There is no legal process that
contemplates getting entire databases of data."
The group sued AT&T in late January, contending that the company was
violating the law by giving the government access to its customer
call record data and permitting the agency to tap its Internet
network. The suit followed reports in The New York Times in December
that telecommunications companies had cooperated with such government
requests without warrants.
A number of industry executives pointed to the national climate in
the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks to explain why phone companies might
have risked legal entanglement in cooperating with the requests for
data without warrants.
An AT&T spokesman said yesterday that the company had gotten some
calls and e-mail messages about the news reports, but characterized
the volume as "not heavy" and said there were responses on both sides
of the issue.
Reaction around the country also appeared to be divided.
Cathy Reed, 45, a wealth manager from Austin, Tex., who was visiting
Boston, said she did not see a problem with the government's
reviewing call logs. "I really don't think it matters," she said. "I
bet every credit card company already has them."
Others responded critically. Pat Randall, 63, a receptionist at an
Atlanta high-rise, said, "Our phone conversations are just personal,
and to me, the phone companies that cooperated, I think we should
move our phone services to the company that did not cooperate."
While the telephone companies have both business contracts and
regulatory issues before the federal government, executives in the
industry yesterday dismissed the notion that they felt pressure to
take part in any surveillance programs. The small group of executives
with the security clearance necessary to deal with the government on
such matters, they said, are separate from the regulatory and
government contracting divisions of the companies.
Reporting for this article was contributed by Ken Belson, Brenda
Goodman, Stephen Labaton, Matt Richteland Katie Zezima.
Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. The
'johnmacsgroup' Internet discussion group is making it available without
profit to group members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the
understanding of
literary, educational, political, and economic issues, for non-profit
research and educational purposes only. I believe that this
constitutes a
'fair use' of the copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of
the U.S. Copyright Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for
purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain
from the copyright owner.
For more information go to:
   "When you come to the fork in the road, take it" - L.P. Berra
   "Always make new mistakes" -- Esther Dyson
   "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from
    -- Sir Arthur C. Clarke
   "You Gotta Believe" - Frank "Tug" McGraw (1944 - 2004 RIP)
   "We do not have to change because staying in business is not
     -- W. Edwards Deming (1900 - 1993)
   "Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the
     -- Samuel Clemens
                          John F. McMullen
   johnmac at acm.org johnmac13 at gmail.com johnmac at sdf.lonestar.org
       johnmac at panix johnmac at echonyc.com johnmac13 at mac.com
jmcmullen at monroecollege.edu johnmac at alumni.iona.edu
john.mcmullen1 at marist.edu
    ICQ: 4368412 Skype, AIM, Yahoo Messenger & Google Talk: johnmac13
                 BLOG:                  News Feed: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-06-25 12:59:00
@_author: John F. McMullen 
@_subject: John Millen: Robert Heinlein at 100 
From National Review -- In a Strange Land
by JOHN J. MILLER
When Robert A. Heinlein opened his Colorado Springs newspaper on
April 5, 1958, he read a full-page ad demanding that the Eisenhower
administration stop testing nuclear weapons. The science-fiction
author was flabbergasted. He called for the formation of the Patrick
Henry League and spent the next several weeks writing and publishing
his own polemic that lambasted "Communist-line goals concealed in
idealistic-sounding nonsense" and urged Americans not to become "soft-
Then Heinlein made an important professional decision. He quit
writing the manuscript he had been working on - eventually it would
become one of his best-known books, Stranger in a Strange Land - and
started work on a new novel. Starship Troopers was published the next
year, and it quickly became perhaps the most controversial sci-fi
tale of all time. Critics labeled Heinlein everything from a Nazi to
a racist. "The 'Patrick Henry' ad shocked 'em," he wrote many years
later. "Starship Troopers outraged 'em."
Almost half a century later, the book continues to outrage, shock -
and awe. It still has critics, but also armies of admirers. As a
coming-of-age story about duty, citizenship, and the role of the
military in a free society, Starship Troopers certainly speaks to
modern concerns. The U.S. armed services frequently put it on
recommended-reading lists. ("For today's Sailor, this novel is
extremely worthwhile," says a Navy website.) Director Paul Verhoeven
turned it into an unfaithful movie in 1997, and a new edition,
released last year, features a sand-and-choppers cover that looks
curiously like a scene from Iraq. There's even a grassroots campaign
to have a next-generation, Zumwalt-class destroyer named the USS
Robert A. Heinlein.
Heinlein's influence reaches far beyond a single book, of course. He
was the first sci-fi author to make the bestseller lists, the winner
of multiple awards, and the inspiration for a legion of proteges and
imitators whose own volumes now weigh down bookstore shelves. He was
not the most accomplished literary stylist in his genre, but he spun
a good yarn, grappled with big ideas, and left an enduring imprint on
a popular field. He was arguably the preeminent sci-fi author of the
20th century. One of the key differences between him and the two men
who might also compete for this title - Isaac Asimov and Arthur C.
Clarke - is that whereas they were political liberals, Heinlein was a
man of the Right.
Robert Anson Heinlein was born in Butler, Mo., on July 7, 1907. (His
centenary is now upon us.) Growing up, he became an avid reader of
everything from Mark Twain to Jack London. As biographer Bill
Patterson has pointed out, sci-fi pioneer H. G. Wells made a big
impression - and not just because he wrote about Martian tripods in
The War of the Worlds. Young Heinlein picked up Wells's twin devotion
to science and socialism.
The boy followed his brother to the Naval Academy and graduated high
in his class in 1929. Seasickness and other health problems plagued
him, however, and five years later he left the Navy with a medical
disability. He settled in Los Angeles and threw himself into left-
wing politics, joining the campaign to elect the muckraking novelist
Upton Sinclair to California's governorship in 1934. This effort
failed, but Heinlein remained a leader among local Democrats. He ran
for the state assembly from Hollywood in 1938 and lost the primary.
There is some mystery in Heinlein's early biography, partly because
Heinlein liked it that way. Virtually nothing is known about a short
first marriage, and fairly little is known about a second one that
lasted from 1932 to 1947. Only in recent years have researchers come
to appreciate the full extent of his radical activism. What's clear
is that shortly after his 1938 political defeat, he tried his hand at
professional writing. A first novel, For Us, the Living, was not
published until a posthumous edition came out in 2003, but he kept at
it. Following World War II, his career blasted off.
For a while, Heinlein concentrated on short stories for the pulps and
short novels for teenage boys. As with all great science fiction, his
constantly speculated about technology, social progress, good
government, and so on. By the early 1950s, married for a third and
final time, he was drifting away from his left-wing past and adopting
a new brand of politics. In The Puppet Masters, a 1951 novel meant
for an adult audience, slug-like alien parasites land in Iowa and
take over the minds of Americans. It falls upon a secret agency
within the U.S. government to fight back, and the fate of the world
hangs in the balance. The Puppet Masters may be read as a classic
invasion-of-the-body-snatchers story - and also as an anti-Communist
metaphor during the era of Alger Hiss, the Rosenbergs, and Joe McCarthy.
The 1950s were probably Heinlein's most prolific period, and the
decade culminated with the publication of Starship Troopers. The
story focuses on Juan Rico as he graduates from high school, joins
the space marines, and wages interplanetary war on a belligerent race
of "bugs" whose ant-like collectivism makes them natural-born
Communists. Most of the story focuses on Rico's boot camp - Starship
Troopers is dedicated "to all sargeants [sic] anywhere who have
labored to make men out of boys." The basic training is both physical
and intellectual, with readers treated to a colorful denunciation of
"the disheveled old mystic of Das Kapital, turgid, tortured,
confused, and neurotic, unscientific, illogical, this pompous fraud
Karl Marx."
One of the main non-ideological complaints about Starship Troopers
involves the plotting - too much talk and not enough shoot-'em-up
scenes against those extraterrestrial creepy-crawlies. Yet the
richness of the novel lies in these more thought-provoking sections,
where Heinlein inserts miniature monologues that sound like outtakes
from Zell Miller's GOP convention address. "My mother says that
violence never settles anything," comments one character. A teacher
who doubles as Heinlein's mouthpiece then pounces: "Violence, naked
force, has settled more issues in history than has any other factor,
and the contrary opinion is wishful thinking at its worst. Breeds
that forget this basic truth have always paid for it with their lives
and freedoms."
For those with delicate sensibilities - the type of people who would
pay for newspaper ads that demand nuclear-test bans - this is sheer
bombast. But Heinlein doesn't stop there. He goes on to describe a
society in which citizens gain the right to vote through military
service. His conjectures about "the decadence and collapse" of 20th-
century democracies are also designed to raise liberal hackles:
"Those noble experiments failed because the people had been led to
believe that they could simply vote for whatever they wanted . . .
and get it, without toil, without sweat, without tears." The notion
that you can't get something for nothing would become a major theme
for Heinlein.
Detractors called Heinlein a fascist and a militarist - a strange
charge, given that he was also an outspoken critic of conscription.
"If a country can't save itself through the volunteer service of its
own free people, then I say: Let the damned thing go down the drain,"
he once said. As for labels, around the time Starship Troopers came
out, he called himself "a pragmatic libertarian."
Heinlein certainly wasn't a conservative traditionalist. His most
popular book, in terms of copies sold, was Stranger in a Strange Land
- a paean to sexual liberation and an attack on organized religion.
Published in 1961, it resonated with hippies and gave Heinlein a mass
following. Yet the author, despite a lifelong interest in unusual
family arrangements, remained aloof from the counterculture: In 1964,
he and his wife Virginia were enthusiastically for Barry Goldwater. A
few years later, according to Robert A. Heinlein: A Reader's
Companion, he signed a magazine ad that supported U.S. military
involvement in Vietnam.
In his recent book Radicals for Capitalism, Brian Doherty observes
that "a youthful love for Heinlein's tales of rugged individualists
often lies in the past of dedicated libertarian activists" - a
statement that's possible in large measure because of the 1966 novel
that many regard as Heinlein's greatest: The Moon Is a Harsh
Mistress. The story takes place mostly within a lunar colony, where
the residents grow restless under a command-and-control economy
imposed by the Lunar Authority, a government that operates for the
benefit of earthlings. "Here in Luna we're rich. Three million
hardworking, smart, skilled people, enough water, plenty of
everything, endless power, endless cubic," says one of the moon-
dwelling Loonies. "What we don't have is a free market. We must get
rid of the Authority!" A few pages later: "It strikes me as the most
basic human right, the right to bargain in a free marketplace."
The Loonies rebel in ways that echo the American Revolution, such as
declaring independence on July 4, 2076. There are battles, diplomatic
missions, debates on hydroponic-food exports - plus lots of
discussion about how societies ought to organize themselves. Heinlein
makes his distaste for taxes abundantly clear. There's even some
chatter about immigration policy: "Luna has room . . . the mind
cannot imagine the day when Luna would refuse another shipload of
weary homeless." For a catchy slogan, the Loonies use "There ain't no
such thing as a free lunch." Frequently expressed as the acronym
"TANSTAAFL," the Milton Friedmanesque phrase is probably the most
famous line in Heinlein's large oeuvre.
Although idealistic, The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress steers clear of
libertarian fantasyland. Heinlein is well aware that revolutions
don't lead to utopia, and the successful lunar revolt is no
different. By the novel's end, the moon's new government has rejected
the innovations that Heinlein apparently believes it should have
embraced: "Seems to be a deep instinct in human beings for making
everything compulsory that isn't forbidden," complains the narrator,
who considers lighting out for the asteroids. There's certainly no
point in fighting human nature: "I long ago quit being disappointed
in men for what they are not and never can be," says another
character, expressing a sentiment that is nothing if not conservative.
The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress was Heinlein's last great work. He
continued to write until his death in 1988, overcoming health
problems to do it and engaging in politics when it seemed
appropriate. Heinlein was an early backer of the Strategic Defense
Initiative and, according to his friend and fellow sci-fi author
Jerry Pournelle, he helped develop some of the language President
Reagan used in his speech introducing the concept.
At the time, Reagan's domestic foes derided SDI as pure science
fiction. To drive home the point, they even dubbed it "Star Wars." If
Heinlein had lived to his 100th birthday - and witnessed recent
advances in missile-defense technology - he might have smiled at
their fulminations, and maybe even written a book about the subject.
* * *
Robert A. Heinlein wasn't the only author to write sci-fi novels that
resonate with conservatives - the genre is full of books that lean
rightward. Here's a list of recommended titles, drawn from my own
experience as well as suggestions from readers of National Review
We, by Yevgeny Zamyatin: Soviet censors banned this landmark novel
shortly after it was written in 1921 because they correctly
interpreted its portrayal of the One State" as a hammering critique
of their own emerging totalitarianism. Two better-known dystopian
successors - Aldous Huxley's Brave New World and George Orwell's 1984
- stand upon its broad shoulders.
Out of the Silent Planet, Perelandra, and That Hideous Strength, by
C. S. Lewis: Before he wrote the Chronicles of Narnia, Lewis wrote
this space trilogy, which blends interplanetary adventure with subtle
theology. The books were started partly in response to Lewis's
concern that (in his words) Ra 'scientific' hope of defeating death
is a real rival to Christianity.S
The Weapon Shops of Isher, by A. E. van Vogt: In this 1951 novel by a
sci-fi pioneer, the only check on imperial power is a network of
weapon shops whose motto is "the right to buy weapons is the right to
be free." But beware of invisibility shields!
Fahrenheit 451, by Ray Bradbury: Often hailed as a simple cautionary
tale about book-burning censorship, this perennial favorite of
librarians is really about much more, from the perils of a dumbed-
down culture to the importance of preserving traditions. Russell Kirk
called it "a passionate and tender and terrifying description of a
democratic despotism." Aficionados of the book will appreciate Match
to Flame, a brand-new volume edited by Donn Albright that collects
precursors to Bradbury's 1953 masterpiece.
A Canticle for Leibowitz, by Walter M. Miller Jr.: Just as Irish
monks are said to have "saved Western civilization," the Catholic
Church keeps tradition alive in the barbaric years following a
nuclear apocalypse. The final section of this three-part novel,
written in the 1950s, makes a powerful moral argument against
euthanasia. Ironically, the author committed suicide in 1996.
"Harrison Bergeron," by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.: Although Vonnegut was a
man of the Left, this tale is so conservative that NR reprinted it in
1965. The opener: "The year was 2081, and everybody was finally
equal . . . due to the 211th, 212th, and 213th Amendments to the
Constitution, and to the unceasing vigilance of agents of the United
States Handicapper General." Coming in at just a little more than
2,000 words, this is a short-short story. "Harrison Bergeron" may be
found in Welcome to the Monkey House, a collection of Vonnegut's work.
Rendezvous with Rama, by Arthur C. Clarke: A classic work of hard sci-
fi - a subgenre that emphasizes technical accuracy and detail - this
1972 story focuses on the discovery of a derelict alien spacecraft.
It turns out that modern science can't solve every enigma. Fans of
tidy and conclusive endings will come away disappointed, others with
much to ponder.
The Mote in God's Eye, by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle: It's hard
to go wrong with Niven and Pournelle, whether they're writing
separately or as a team. This 1974 novel of first contact carries
lessons for conservative hawks and liberal doves. Heinlein called it
"possibly the best science-fiction novel I have ever read." Other
Niven-Pournelle collaborations worth checking out include Oath of
Fealty, about urban conflict in the future, and Fallen Angels (with a
third co-author, Michael Flynn), which is a forerunner to Michael
Crichton's anti-global-warming thriller State of Fear.
The Giver, by Lois Lowry: This powerful and disturbing book won the
Newbery Medal for children's literature in 1994. Just beneath the
surface of a seemingly utopian society lurks a menacing culture of
death, built upon a foundation of euphemisms and lies.
- JOHN J. MILLER
R. A. Hettinga The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
