
@_date: 2006-06-01 12:56:58
@_author: Trinidad 
@_subject: Urgent Stock News --  Look at what LITL.PK just announced ...  Rau 
Exciting Investment News. All investors must read!
Wed. June 3rd 2006
Symbol LITL
L International Computers Inc Announces the Olympus, the World's First 20'' Widescreen PCI-XPress Series SLI Laptop Computer
Tuesday May 30, 9:00 am ET
L International Computers Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary, Liebermann Inc., a renowned manufacturer of high-performance computers and personal technology, today announced the Olympus 20", the world's first desktop replacement Professional notebook computer fitted with a 20" UltraSpeed High-Resolution Display.
The Olympus has fully-upgradeable dual SLI mobile graphics adaptors and is designed around a workstation-class PCI-Express architecture with Dual-Channel DDR-II 667MHz SDRAM/800MHz +1066MHz Bus speeds supporting Intel's latest generation Pentium-D Dual-Core and Extreme Edition Processors, scalable up to 4.40GHz core speeds.
As the world's first mobile workstation supporting Nvidia's SLI Technology, the laptop is the ultimate fully upgradeable high-performance graphics power station, whether for the ultimate gaming adrenaline rush or the high-end professional graphics environment.
Equally, it is the world's first laptop computer supporting quad-DVI external output capabilities with individual resolutions of up to 2048x1536 per output when operating with 2 graphics adapters. Operation is possible with either single or dual graphics card configuration, each with 1024MB of dedicated high-speed memory on board.
And the notebook delivers unprecedented multi-media capabilities supported by 4 high-output surround speakers and an enhanced subwoofer built in a proprietary multi-pass bass-reflex enclosure, a built-in CCD PC Video Camera, and an all-new multi-channel audio circuitry.
Miguel Liebermann, CEO of L, commented, "A true industry first, L's all-new Olympus 20", is armed to deliver unprecedented levels of performance technological features poised to change the face of high-performance computing and world-class mobile entertainment."
Founded in 2002, Liebermann Inc. produces, markets and distributes high-performance, opulent PC/Windows© laptop, desktop, workstation and server computers. The Company also produces the largest and most spectacular personal & professional computer displays and ultra-high performance software, peripherals and technologies.
