
@_date: 1996-08-28 12:41:16
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: The POUCH 
After reading Mr. Holt's announcement and the subsequent replies on the list I decided to send him a polite off-list reply.  In it I briefly reiterated the argument that knowing how a lock mechanism work does not make the lock insecure; furthermore, it makes it more I then stated, in all caps, that not knowing the algorhythm is inherently insecure.  I stated that he should not be surprised when encryption activists bristle at the knowingly (or otherwise) techniques which pander to a crypto-ignorant populace.  I requested no reply and completed with a few quotes from the "Snake Oil" chapter of the PGP documention.  I told him to ask himself if he felt
that the marketing techniques he was using fit the profile contained While not the friendliest of e-mails, I was certainly civil and sincerely hoped to prod Mr. Holt to consider these issues and assess his approach.
His reply was so rediculous that I decided to post it to the list with my own reply attached.  Chuckle at will.
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
You really know nothing at all about encryption.  At least I KNOW what I'm getting.  I know what the RSA algorhythm is.  I know it has been tested and studied.  Whether or not it was "ripped off" depends on whether or not you're related to RSA data security in some way.  It's a copyright issue and has nothing whatsoever to do with the technology itself.  All the algorhythms used in the PGP package were written by others; what does that have to do with anything?
What does the price of the software have to do with anything?  If I spent money on it does that make it any more secure?  I would gladly spend money on secure encryption technology.  I, for one, would like to be comfortable that it's money well-spent.
Your defenses are those of one who has nothing to defend.  Crying "libel" and making empty statements such as the above are actions that divert attention from the truth; that your product is most likely worthless crap.  Furthermore, you really don't know for yourself whether or not this is true.
Happy selling.

@_date: 1996-10-02 11:31:45
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: How might new GAK be enforced? 
This is surely one of the next steps
Well, clearly the goal is to "de-legitimize" non-GAK crypto for business
use.  In the Nytimes article (--sorry about the lack of URL) an official
mentions that banks and other large institutions will use "legitimate" types
of crypto while students and clever terrorists will continue to use other
types of crypto.
Notice that the issue of digital signatures and authentication has never
been adressed by government crypto policy.  A next step for the government's
cause is to begin recognizing digital signatures with the force of law
provided the signatures are made with "legitimate" (GAKked) crypto.
Signatures created with non-GAKked crypto will not be recognized by the law.
Contracts and agreements signed with non-GAKked crypto will not be
enforceable by the courts.
That is one sure way to "de-legitimize" "rogue" cryptography.
And undoubtedly IBM and other corporations who participate in the
"key-recovery" program will spend tons of money promoting there scheme.
And I suspect our tax dollars will also suppport the publicity campaign as
well as the creation of this system.
 Omegaman  PGP Key fingerprint =  6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63
 Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:" field
 to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-10-09 14:34:40
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: yellow journalism and Encryption 
Did I miss something?
Of the many columns and articles I've read recently, this is one of the
best and most concise so far.  Compare it to, say, the "Netly News" column
jya posted earlier.  What export controls have to do with keeping an eye on "the bad guys" no one
really knows.  Unless the intent is control of domestic encryption of course.
The only major point that I see missed is the key size limitation
of 56 bits and the nature of the agreement itself to extend or rescind
export licenses based on a future key recovery plan which satisfies government
Fifty-six bits is simply not secure.  Abate missed this fundamental point.
Furthermore, that the only way for individuals and companies to maintain
security for "the bad people(including governments)" is through secure,
virtually unbreakable (large key length) encryption.  A back door and a
relatively pitiful key length limitation provide no real security.
Furthermore, the agreement itself for 2 year conditional licenses is
curious.  There are many obvious questions.  What will satisfy the
government or is this just a ruse?  Are import restrictions the next step?  The whole nature of the compromise is very strange indeed and I would be
most interested to find out the thinking behind it.
This seems like a statement that would have come from the other side of the
debate.  While this may seem obvious to those who have watched and studied the issue
for years, the layman reading Abate's column gets a distillation of the
issue that I have not seen in other popular media.
In just two paragraphs, he explains to the unitiated reader the origin and
authority behind export controls on encryption as well as their usage by the
government to control local creation of encryption  -- a point that is
almost always missed.
Is this the statement which bothers you?  I simply read it as a summary of
both sides of the debate not as an opinion statement
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-09-22 04:16:22
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Lexis-Nexis scare = opportunity 
I've been reading articles about the recent flap over Lexis-Nexis' P-TRAK
database with interest.  A recent Associated Press article said that the
lines at Lexis-Nexis have been jammed with individuals requesting they be
removed from the database.
Lexis-Nexis is certainly not the only database of its kind, but it has
certainly generated quit a bit of attention and panic
In terms of cypherpunk goals, I think this is a positive development.  It
demonstrates ever-so-clearly that the average "Joe Schmoe" does not follow
the government line that privacy and security are mutually exclusive
concepts.  Rather, there is an instinctive recognition that privacy and
security are inextricably linked.
Only when the government pulls on emotional (as opposed to logical) strings
by pulling out the "if you only knew what we knew" & "if it saves just one
life" arguments does the easily swayed public get pulled in the other
The flap over P-TRAK repudiates arguments by Freeh and others that American
citizens want to give up their freedoms in the interest of security.
If you are in a position to influence government policy (ie. Jim Ray with
Judge Kozinski, EFF personages involved in the Bernstein case, PRO-CODE
advocates, et al.), then keep these clippings handy.  Here is a concrete
example that our government and law-enforcement leaders are woefully out of
touch with average citizens (not to mention reality!).
The leap from P-TRAK to GAK is not that large in the so-called court of
public opinion.
Sometimes monkey-wrenching is as simple as pointing out the obvious.
 Omegaman  PGP Key fingerprint =  6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63
 Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:" field
 to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-09-24 13:32:01
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Snake-Oil FAQ 
One of the goals of a "Snake-Oil FAQ" as proposed is to gain as wide a
distribution as possible.  If a "blacklist" of products is put into the FAQ,
or if actual existing products are referred to a negative light, the
distribution of this FAQ will be severely limited.
  I also think that as a whole, this project is a good idea and a good
mini-project.  As crypto continues to spread, it is inevitable that "bad"
crypto will spread as well.  While these products will surely come and go
with the phases of the moon, some people will be undoubtedly be suckered and
soured towards crypto-technology in general. (sarcasm) "If it saves just one...." (\sarcasm)   It has been said before that the best way to counter noise is with signal.
  If one of the primary goals of cypherpunks is to encourage the widespread
use of strong crypto, then, by extension, it is important to discourage the
spread of "crappy crypto."
 Omegaman  PGP Key fingerprint =  6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63
 Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:" field
 to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-10-01 14:03:42
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Katz on cypherpunks, in HotWired's Media Rant 
No he does not.   I pointed this out to him in private mail after reading
the text of the "rant" at hotwired.  He says that he makes the distinction a
number of times throughout the article between "the person who logs in
internally" from hotwired " and the "cypherpunks mailing group."
I replied, "no, Jon, you did not...and I suspect that I am not the only
reader of your article who thinks so."  I will be most interested in his reply.  Anyone care to wager that he won't post any sort of correction or addendum
in a later forum?
 Omegaman  PGP Key fingerprint =  6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63
 Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:" field
 to get a copy of my public key
