
@_date: 1993-12-31 12:50:51
@_author: Oliver Seiler 
@_subject: WHAT ARE SMARTDRUGS 
First off, this is really the wrong place to post this (doesn't have anything
to do with cryptography, etc.) So please don't ask this sort of stuff here,
since their are for more places that you could...
Some pointers would be to getting some books on the subject of nutrition,
or on smart drugs, such as Smart Drugs and Nutrients (Dean & Morgenthaler).
You might try some assorted newsgroups, such as alt.psychoactives, and
you might try some archive sites. Various alt.drugs archive sites come to
mind (off the top of my head, I can think of two: fenris.claremont.edu and
That's because caffeine and chocolate really aren't the best things to use
if you want to concentrate... Getting lot's of sleep and knowing what you
want to accomplish in advance are what work's for me... (plus a healthy dose
of good nutrition, vitamin supplements, pseudo-vegetarian diet, amino acid
supplements, various herbs, and on and on). Good time organization is
a good thing. Don't try to remember everything in your head. but of course
this really isn't the place...
Now, please don't send me flames for responding to this... Maybe other people
who were looking for similar info will not bother posting (sure.....)
ObCrypt: I've ordered a book by the name of Applied Cryptography, by a B.
Schneier, on the recommendation of a friend of mine. I had a quick look at
it, but I'm interested in finding out if anybody else has read it? Any

@_date: 1993-07-30 09:42:54
@_author: Oliver Seiler 
@_subject: Digital Cash ftp site... 
Somebody recently posted a message with an ftp site with some articles on
digital cash, but I deleted it before I had a chance to get the site name.
Could someone e-mail me or repost the site for these articles?
I am planning on doing an undergraduate thesis this next school year, and
one of my proposed topics may be in the area of digital cash. I'm looking
for more specific topics. Anybody know any problems or potential thesis
topics (I'm a fishin' for topics :) suitable for an undergraduate thesis?
Another area suggested to me has more to do with cryptography and
copyrights. Specifically, encrypting copyright information into some data
which does not need to be a direct copy (like a program or a text file),
but something like an image or sound (song) file (as on DAT or CD)...
The encrypted copyright information would have to be robust, so that
further modification of the data, in efforts to break copyright
information, would still allow for the extraction of the original
copyright info. What sort of work has been done in this area? If anybody
knows of any papers or references to this, could you please e-mail or post

@_date: 1993-11-10 10:14:29
@_author: Oliver Seiler 
@_subject: Cost of Internet (was: Should we oppose ... Superhighway) 
I think the question should be:
 Do I want my taxes to pay for somebody elses Internet connection?
I would answer no... (a moot point though, since for one, I'm Canadian,
and for another, the government would probably do it anyway, whether you
want it or not...)
This attitude tends to put me on the opposition for government supplied
networks. Hell, I currently have 5 unix accounts scattered here and there
in cyberspace... I think the main problem is that most people *don't* see
the benefits they would get (I think e-mail probably being the biggest)
since most people are fairly computer illiterate, and even many of the
ones who can handle themselves quite well on a computer don't know the
first thing about the benefits of a network...
(These attitudes were gleaned from working about a year and a half in a
computer store... Wonderful places to meet all sorts of redundant people :)

@_date: 1994-02-07 21:50:42
@_author: Oliver Seiler 
@_subject: Atlantis Project/Oceania 
They have a rather complete constitution, legal system, etc. Monetary
systems would likely appear as needed. Most businesses would likely
take all major currencies - good market for a bank to get into.
Business relations with the rest of the world? This isn't in general
specified in advance in any country, and why should it be? The only
real rule I've seen is making it illegal (for good reason) to export
drugs (eg. recreational drugs, synthesized for use on the island)
to countries where they are illegal.
Besides, since they moeny is far more important on this project than
vague untested notions of how everything should work (hey isn't
that how communist countries are set up?) in advance, they have
been doing quite well. I wish them all the luck I can spare, and
plan to pick up a t-shirt (if only for being able to tell people
about it in 100 years or so...) or a flag...
How much government intervention do you see in your day to day
affairs? Personally, I see virtually nil... Free-market's tend
to sort themselves out quite nicely...
-Oliver (who's not waiting for somebody else to build him a country, and
is instead doing whatever it takes to get the same effect now)

@_date: 1994-02-07 21:56:33
@_author: Oliver Seiler 
@_subject: Atlantis Project/Oceania 
As soon as it's built, I would move in with a business offering just
this sort of connectivity. If I can swing the capital at the time
(probably not too hard) I'd also lay down swaths of fibre, set up
a packet radio network, and connect the island up...

@_date: 1994-02-10 16:28:08
@_author: Oliver Seiler 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Although I think this thread should end, I can't let this go by...
There is a clear difference here, but we have to get some definitions
cleared up. The other person isn't a murderer until you are dead. What
he is doing (I'll assume it's a guy...) is attempting to end your life.
To prevent this is your choice (most will choose to protect themselves).
Hell, even if I didn't have a gun, I'd fight back. A gun just makes
it more convenient (note also that unless your death is evident, as
opposed to just being bruised say, then killing the guy outright
would to me be wrong. Just shoot his kneecaps, or maybe just in the
gut, although this is likely to be fatal as well, but then, maybe the
guy should have been a bit smarter...)
My point is that initiating violence and protecting yourself from
violence (using "violence") are two different things...
Unfortunately I don't think it was really tried in Germany (or in most
places). The events of that era, the ideologies, were swept under the
rug, to be forgotten, not to be talked about... This does not make
for education...
No, I don't think it's a good idea. However, that is not saying I would
support an effort to suppress their ideas. I do exactly what I do with
all other ideologies I think are a bunch of crap. Don't adopt them and
retaliate when it affects me personally...
Always a problem. However, this is much preferable to trying to get them
before they actually do anything. This tends to turn into a witch
hunt and more innocent people are burned...
A "Nazi" was a member of the National Socialist Party of Germany during the
first half of this century (and by the laws of the time, that meant
just about everybody. Everybody except for the "races" which those in
charge found to be "unpure", where "pure" could be defined as some
sort of ideal "master race" which those in charge thought the Nazi party
was... Very circular arrangement really...) At the time in Germany
it was a complement to be called a National Socialist. Now however it
is a very loaded insult to most people, although some still find the
"endearing" rhetoric about "master" races and such to still be
attractive, hence the neo-Nazi...
That is what the word "Nazi" means to me...
That's what sells the average American...
I don't expect it last much longer though...
You seem to be watching the wrong media. TV is a controlled media, by the
FCC, and the large cable corporations. Public broadcasting tends to be
more informative... Most TV though is a wasteland (and if I remember
from my last trip to Germany in '87, I found it's TV selection to be
worse... The only thing I liked was that commercials weren't put on
during shows...)
Most of the interesting press is in print, since there are far fewer
regulations (since one isn't broadcasting over "public" frequencies).
And it is also far cheaper to put stuff into print...
Well, you're not "supposed" to. Really it is as easy as sending e-mail
to someone...
Blame it on the paranoid US government (read, the NSA)...
Must be, since I often have seen them in various "adult" stores. You can't
put them on "public" display, not without risk of being sued by some
irate parent...
I agree though that sex is generally handled better in Europe than in
North America... Very prudish society (both Canada, where I am, and in
the US)
How do you mean controlled? Lot's of things are "controlled" by Jewish
people, depending on whom you ask. The banking folks seem to control
the banks pretty well. That store down the street where I buy milk is
controlled by somebody pretty good too... Oooh aah...
Am I "controlled"? Who knows. Who cares? I'm happy, but then so are the
vast majority of people in Singapore, which is far less free in
many ways than either of the two countries under discussion...
