
@_date: 1998-02-20 06:21:30
@_author: Eric J. Tune 
@_subject: PLO censoring pro-Iraqi sentiments 
[SHIT REMOVED]
You know Tim, I respect most of what you write, and I respect you in that
you have your own free will and opinions and the right to express them, but
what you have forgotten in your anarchistic ravings is that PEOPLE DIED IN
SOMALIA, including a personal friend of mine.  They were all somebody's
son, brother, and friend.  These soldiers went where they were ordered to
go, as befits a soldier, and tried to do the job they were given and
accomplish the mission, and for that EVERY ONE OF THEM DESERVES   Y O U R
RESPECT.  I am quite sure the vast majority of them thought it was patently
stupid to go to Somalia in the first place, but a soldier follows orders,
legal ones, and tries to get the job done regardless of personal feelings.
The next time you "cheer to see the U.S. gets its tail kicked", why don't
you think about the American troops who lost their lives or were maimed, or
who were doing something they may have been personally and morally against,
but they chose to be professional soldiers, and instead of displaying
cowardice, they tried to do what was asked of them.  Think of the innocent
civilians who inevitably die in the conflicts started by the megalomaniacs
like Saddam Hussein.  If you want to blame someone, and you bellow
endlessly in every letter you write about blaming someone, why don't you
blame the politicians who start the wars, who run the countries and step
all over their own people, instead of the people who are made to do the
dirty work?
Your "cheering" was a blatant slap in the face to anyone who has ever
served in uniform, and my only hope is that you will think about who should
really deserve your ire next time before you so recklessly blurt it out.
A lot of people like what you have to say most of the time, including me,
but with the right to our freedom of speech comes a responsibility to speak
wisely, which is something we could all strive to be better at, don't you
Eric Tune

@_date: 1998-02-20 13:02:39
@_author: Eric J. Tune 
@_subject: PLO censoring pro-Iraqi sentiments 
You ever served in the military?  Unless you've been under fire, you should
shut the fuck up about shit you know nothing about nor could comprehend.
Listen up jerk, in case you didn't get any news during 1990, Iraq attacked
Kuwait, and murdered thousands of Kuwaitis.  "Don't start no shit and there
won't be no shit"... ever heard that, asshole?  America would have never
been involved if Iraq hadn't invaded Kuwait.  I was there, in a Bradley,
and we could have rolled all over Baghdad, especially after what the Iraqi
bastards did to the Kuwaitis, but it wasn't done. Unfortunately Saddam
Hussein stayed in power.  There will not be a shred of a chance for peace
in that region until he is DEAD.  I don't think air strikes are the answer
to this, and I think Clinton is a moron for his present policy, War is the
worst thing that man can do to other men, and there is no such thing as
"the good fight"... war is hell. Period.  Until you have been in a war, you
have no idea of what you are talking about.  But if you think that Iraq was
"more right" or better yet, "less wrong", you need a radical lobotomy, or
perhaps you've already had one.
Evidently, you again know nothing of what the Iraqis did to the Kuwaitis on
their way in to Kuwait.  Get educated, shithead. You sound like nothing more than disillusioned, spoiled, pompous asshole
when you presume to know what Americans "understand".  Your anarchistic
ravings only mark you for the idiot you are.
To everyone else besides Cordian who reads this, my apologies, but for all
it's failings, I still have pride in America... ...not for all the foreign
policy bullshit or the way the government fucks us over, or starts wars, or
sticks their collective nose in other countries business...but for the fact
that as a whole people, Americans still keep trying, everyday, to be a
better people. I'm proud of that.
Eric Tune

@_date: 1998-02-21 08:01:56
@_author: Eric J. Tune 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman vs RSA 
Can anyone tell me the differences between the Diffie-Hellman algorithm and
the RSA algorithm?  Is one cryptologically better? (DH let's you use 4096
bit keys versus 2048 bit keys for RSA in PGP 5.5).  Thanks for any and all
Eric Tune

@_date: 1998-03-01 17:42:23
@_author: Eric Tune 
@_subject: Fw: Missing the Big Picture 
William H. Geiger III said:
use it
tax, to
hands. We
tried at
Well said William, very well said.  Free men must cooperate in their
own defeat, refuse to cooperate, refuse to give in, and you will not
lose.  In the end, tyranny will fall.
In the history of our civilizations, all governments have eventually
failed, regardless that they may have had noble intent in their
beginnings, and they have fallen.  So have each succeeding government
after them. They fail because when times passes, decades or centuries
(doesn't matter) the average citizenry becomes accepting and
complacent while said government becomes more and more abusive,
excessive, impulsive, and corrupt.  Finally, those people who can no
longer tolerate this from those who would call themselves their
rulers, rise to the occasion and the now festering, malignant
government is torn down.
Unfortunately, the cycle repeats itself.  The U.S. government has
lasted this long only due to the freedoms guaranteed by our
Constitution, but it still has been following in the tracks as all the
previous governments before it.  In lasting longer than any other
constitutional form of government, it is now so corrupt that at this
point only 1 of 2 things can really happen:  a 2nd American
Revolution, and hopefully a new start and (for the time being) a
change for the better, or total Fascism, and the last remaining
freedoms people have will be quickly extinguished.  I don't want to
live in a socialist environment.  I don't want somebody telling me how
to raise my children, and I don't want someone telling me I'm a
criminal because I don't want to let the government read what I have
to say.  It doesn't "Take a Village" and it doesn't take Big
Brother.... it takes freedom, ingenuity, drive, determination,
self-worth, cooperation, and dedication to build something better.
Scream to your Senators and Representatives, as loud as you can, we
all must do what we can, or we will be lost, and as William said, in
perpetual, permanent slavery, with no privacy, no rights, and no hope
for a self-determined future.  To hell with that.
Eric J. Tune

@_date: 1998-03-18 15:24:52
@_author: Eric Tune 
@_subject: interNIC is a bunch of fuckwads... (fwd) 
me or
Don't that just suck... I was a bit pessimistic about finding
fucker.com, but lo and behold, there it was,  ...talk
about bullshit.  If they will register this, they should register
"pimpshit.com" too.  Talk about "selective memory loss"...sheesh.  I'm
heading to their site (internic) to bitch about their selective and
prejudicial policy "change"...
Eric J. Tune
paladin at lvcablemodem.com
PGP 5.55 and 2.62 keys available upon request.
DO NOT EXPORT STRONG CRYPTO BELOW...OH NO!
print pack"C*",split/\D+/,`echo
