
@_date: 1993-08-20 00:56:17
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Anonymous IRC 
Subject2: Lurker adds another Thread...
Many people, I assume, have used, or at least heard of IRC.  For those of
you who haven't, it is a real time chat system made up of many servers
that clients(users) connect to.  Once connected the user can talk to
pretty much anyone else on the system.  It is similar to CIS's CB and
other CB simulators/chat-lines.  For more info, ftp to CSA.BU.EDU and look
in the "/irc" directory, both servers and clients can be found.
The current "problem" with irc is that when you connect, anyone can figure
out who you are.  Or if you have "hacked" up the standard client, people
can figure out your hostname.  This doesn't allow private/anonymous
connections to happen.
The "fix" I decided was to modify the server code and make all connections
completely anonymous.  Anonyminity is to all, the Server keeps no
long-term records of the machines it is connected to, and the only
connection information it keeps is in socket information.  Owning the
Server does not give you access to Clients information.  Now, the only way
people are identified by, is their chosen Nickname or alias.  I have this
server up and running on my own machine with basically no one using it
currently.  I would like to see what people think, pros & cons, of
real-time anonymous chat.
If you would like more information, you can send me email.  Or you can
either compile your own client, or run an existing one.  Change your
server to "DROWN.SLIP.ANDREW.CMU.EDU", and you should connect.
Disclaimer: Since this is still an experimental server, no guarentee
will/can be made about your protection.
(panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu)

@_date: 1993-08-20 15:21:15
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Anonymous IRC 
Actually I have used IRC for quite some time.  I have also noticed that
most of the time there is not much of a problem in "annoying" people. Also the power of the Operator is much in question when it comes to
banning people, as to how easy it is to overcome being "banned" from a
channel.  You make the example of how anyone in a "bad mood" can ruin the
channel for everyone.  This is something you have to deal with.  Ask
people running Anonymous Remailers, and Anonymous Posting Services.
I did not intend to connect this up with the "Normal IRC Network".  That
would be a little rude on my part.  Allowing people to become anonymous
only on my server.  Also I would suspect most other people who run servers
would not let mine conenct to theirs.
I am not trying to start up a server to be in competition with the "Normal
IRC Network".  I want an alternative for people who wish to talk, but
don't wish their identity known.
(panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu)

@_date: 1993-10-23 13:58:26
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
The problem that I see with this policy is that how are you going to
verify that the signature at the bottom is valid?  Anyone can generate PGP
keys pointing to anything.  Are you going to collect keys from
subscribers?  What about spoofing keys so that they apear valid, yet aren't?
I'm just curious to how this is going to be achieved.  I assume you don't
want to moderate the list (reading and approving everything).
-Matt  (panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu)
(I would have signed this, but I lost the message on how to get pgp
to sign and leave the message in plaintext)
-------------Included Message---------------------

@_date: 1993-10-23 14:23:06
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Paper Shredders 
Awhile back someone asked about the cost of shredders.  Since I do some
work for a company that sells Mita copiers/fax/shredders, I talk to the
sales people and asked.
They sell a shredder that takes up to 5 sheets a paper at a time and turns
it into 1/8" x 7/8" particles.  This is considered low volume, and will
run you around $800.00 USD.  This is not suggested price, this is the
standard "good" discount that the sales people can give.  I wasn't able to
find out the price of the next step up.  But the sales brochure says that
NSA and DOD standard is 1/32" x 7/16" particles.  Standards for what
classification of paper, I don't know.
(panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu)
"That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1993-10-24 23:38:46
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Signing Messages & Other Ramblings 
First, I would like to make sure that Eric Hughes knows that by his simple
little push he has gotten someone (me) to install some code for Emacs to
auto-sign messages.  This, with external editing capabilities of Pine,
allow me to sign all my outgoing mail extremely easily.  If anyone would
like help on this, just send me mail, and I can explain how to do it.
L Detweilers obvious disliking towards people not being who they say they
are.  This is an obvious problem with the net.  The net is based on a
model of people trusting everyone else.  Nothing that is posted or or sent
out from net machines has verification on it.  Currently this implies that
the users need to do their own verification.  Creating software that
automatically handles signatures in and out, handles the fact that every
machine but your own is not to be trusted.  Assuming that people are going
to be truthful and nice to you all the time is a nice fantasy, yet it
rarely happens.  It does happen more often on the Net than it does is
"Real-Life" though.
I have spoofed mail before, mostly as a joke among friends.  All of my
"targets" were told sooner or later about the joke.  Because this
information is not new to me, I don't expect all mail to me to be
originating from the person it says it's from.  You must judge incoming
mail, and posts, on their content.  If you have questions about the
content than demand some sort of proof of who they say they are.
People have said they feel "RAPED" when they discover they are talking to
people who aren't who they say they are.  "Raped" is a harsh word, but
chosen obviously for it's violent connotations, even if these connotations
are a bit wrong.
Being the target of "spoofed" mail is like being conned, obviously no one
likes be show that s/he is ignorant.  It hurts, but at the same time, you
shouldn't expect everyone to play by the "honor-system".
When I read mail from people I usually assume it is from the person in the
"From:" line.  But if the mail is something absurd, or controversial, then
I don't automatically assume this.  If for example there was a post from
Hal Finney about the great new digi-cash system that he had implemented
and that it had financial banking from a rich middle eastern country.  I
would probably check the signature, and then even after that I would
probably still wait and see if it was a "black-net" post.
Well, this post has gotten to the length were many people will probably
not read it, so I will stop here, and continue with some other comments
about the new anon-remailer tomorrow.
 -Matt                              | Use the normal means to extract my  (panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu) | public key for proof of this message
 "That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1993-10-25 09:39:41
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: the Joy of Pseudospoofing Satan 
(L Detweiler != S Boxx) Based on articulation capabilities
(L Detweiler == Satan) ???
I had to give up here.  But when "digital signatures", "rape", and "Satan"
can all come up in a single thread, things have gotten out of hand.
Ok, after finally reading most of LD's post, I've come to the conclusion
that LD doesn't like the fact that people lie.  He doesn't like the fact
that people mis-represent themselves, etc.
I do ask you L Detweiler, what you consider of this case.  In "real-life"
awhile back there was a womem who was an actor.  She didn't like the fact
that she needed an agent to get work.  So she invented a personality, an
became her own agent.  She aquired a different personality, different
voice patterns, etc, for this agent.  She made sure the agent did
everything over the phone, never meeting clients in person.  Soon after
doing this, she started being an agent for other actors also.  She
obviously spoke well of her actorself when she was in her agentself, and
she obviously kept two personalities.  Is this wrong?  Should this women
not have done this?
 -Matt                              | Please get my public key if you wish
 (panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu) | to verify that this message is mine.
"That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1993-10-27 09:17:01
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: the Joy of Pseudospoofing Satan 
[Stuff I, panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu, wrote about actor also being her
own Agent]
Disclaimer:  I have aprox 100 Cypherpunk messages to read following this one.
My point was that the women still pretended to be someone else, and had a
completely different personality for this Agent.  She did it to be
deceptive.  All of L Detweiler's post have stated that he doesn't like
people's abilities to pretend to be someone else.  My point was that
people do this all the time.  Even to the extent that people act
differently around others.  When you talk on cypherpunks do you have the
same "Personality" as when you talk to others who don't own computers?
 -Matt                              | Please get my public key if you wish
 (panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu) | to verify that this message is mine.
 "That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1993-09-02 13:26:58
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Anon IRC (Anonymous vs. Private) 
I have been running an Anonymous IRC server for a short time now.  This
allows a real time conversation, as opposed to the monologue provided via
netnews or mail.
Currently, when a user logs in, the internal (and external) representation
of the user is:
NICKNAME!user at anon.host
Users have the ability to change their Nickname, and all other people have
to identify people is by their Nickname.  People who have used IRC for
awhile have told me that this would promote anarchy on the channels,
because it makes it impossible to ban/ignore certain people from
So my fix is going to be running users Hostname through a one-way hash
function.  So references to users will be:
NICKNAME!user at HASH(Real-Hostname)
The question is, what kind of hash do it use?
My first idea was to use a hash function that has many collisions, a
simple "summing" of the ascii characters.  This would make sure that
people would have certain ID's, and ban/ignore would work.  This would
also make it harder to be sure you had the correct host if you were going
to try to brute force out a users hostname.
A couple other people have suggested using a hash function that is much
more complex.  So that no collisions will occur, and all users will have
unique "ID's" associated with their Nickname.
If collisions occur, it is ok.  Just the possibility for banning/ignoring
people you don't intend goes up.  Any suggestions on this one?
I was also thinking of allowing users to come on the system as
NICK!user at anon.host and then switch between that, and their
NICK!user at HASH(Real-Host).  This would allow people to be both completely
anonymous or, if they wanted, have and identity attached to themselves. This way people could ban/ignore anyone at "anon.host" if they didn't want
to deal with "anonymous" people.
To connect to my server, load up an IRC client, and change your server to
In standard clients, "/server drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu", is how to do this.
For more information about irc, ftp to CSA.BU.EDU.
panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu

@_date: 1993-09-30 22:27:11
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
Bombs.  Electro-Magnectic Pulse would be good.  But the only way I know
how to generate one of these is via a nuke... Probably a little over kill.
Blowing things up is nice and all but also lacks style (unless you nuke).
Basically a permently encrypted harddrive would be fine.  Every boot up
you need to enter a password.  If the screen saver kicks in, you have to
enter a password, or it reboots.  Stuff like this.
If you want to, enter the wrong password and it still boots up.  But when
it does, there is a virus running or something else.  Basically, if you
are arrested for stuff, and they confiscate your equipment, they already
are pretty sure of your guilt, if you are guilty or not.  Pissing them off
and destroying things makes you seem more guilty.  Encryption is still
viewed as something you do if you have something to hide.  Why encrypt,
unless you are guilty?
Now that I think about it.  When the wrong password is entered, the
computer should still boot.  But all the files that are encrypted are
deleted from the directories.  And they appear as bad blocks, or something
I'm sure people could go on, and on with this stuff.  Whatever happened to
the Crypto-Stacker stuff?
(panzer at drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu)
Do you use IRC?  Try connecting to drown.slip.andrew.cmu.edu 6667 with a
standard IRC client.
