
@_date: 2011-08-31 12:58:52
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Serval Press Release from Flinders University 
SOUTH AFRICAN SUPPORT BRINGS NETWORK-LESS MOBILES CLOSER TO REALITY
A new, open source, mobile phone technology developed by Flinders
Universitybs bdigital blacksmithb Dr Paul Gardner-Stephen and which
promises to revolutionise telecommunications has earned him a
USD400,000 Fellowship from the prestigious philanthropic Shuttleworth
The Serval Project, created by Dr Paul Gardner-Stephen in response to
the devastating 2010 Haiti earthquake, aims to provide mobile
telephony in the absence of conventional telecommunications
bThe Haiti earthquake demonstrated how the infrastructure-oriented
mode of communications has no resilience,b Dr Gardner-Stephen said.
bIf the towers are knocked out, mobile phone handsets become useless
lumps of plastic in our hands. The Serval Project has proven that
there is no reason for that to be the case,b he said.
Using sophisticated mesh network technology, the Serval Project
enables mobile phones to communicate to create a bvirtual networkb
where no network coverage exists.
This funding will enable Dr Gardner-Stephenbs team to take the
technology from concept-proven capacity to make voice calls, send SMS
and map locations and features through to a refined, end-user ready
bCommunications around the world are tightly tied around big
enterprise and big infrastructure and itbs good to have as a service.
But that service isnbt available to millions of people in remote and
poverty-stricken areas,b he said.
bThe Serval Project isnbt a threat to the telcos. In fact, it will
complement the conventional carriers by offloading bedge-trafficb from
the networks which will be burdened by increasing data volumes and
video calls.
bWith the generous support of the Shuttleworth Foundation, webll be
able to advance the cause of the Serval Project to address these
global communications needs.b
Dr Gardner-Stephen anticipates that the Serval Project software will
be available free to the public within 12 months.
bThat will allow friends travelling in convoy in the Outback, for
instance, to call each other for free from car to car,b he said.
bIndeed, we are actively working with Outback communities to trial the
technology to provide remote communities with mobile phone and
Internet access.b
He also extended an invitation to bthe worldb to participate in the
development of the software which was made available to developers and
potential contributors on the Android Market earlier this month.
bWe would expect that in five yearsb time every mobile phone thatbs
manufactured will have our technology,b he said.
bWe are excited to welcome Dr Gardner-Stephen to the Shuttleworth
Foundation fellowship programme. Innovative approaches like his are
necessary to enable ubiquitous, affordable access to
telecommunications,b says Karien Bezuidenhout, COO of the Shuttleworth
The Serval Project is built upon the technology of the Village Telco
project and acknowledges the generous support of Flinders University,
the Dutch NLnet Foundation and the Awesome Foundation.

@_date: 2011-12-15 19:31:56
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] Serval BatPhone Developer Release 0.07 is out 
Hi all,
Just a heads up that the next developer release of the Serval BatPhone
software is out!
Head to the Software Page
 for downloading,
or search for Serval on the Android Marketplace.
The following features have been added since Release 0.06:
b" Automatic Wi-Fi chipset detection process that tries to guess how to
put you phone into adhoc mode. This should now work with most rooted
b" New screen for displaying the progress of tasks we have to do on install.
The following bugs have been fixed since Release 0.06:
b" 0000002: Handset auto-detection needs fixing
b" 0000029: Wifi clients may drop broadcast packets
b" 0000098: Preparing information sent back to project for display
b" 0000127: java.lang.NullPointerException :
b" 0000131: When operating in AP-Client modes, AP cannot be called
b" 0000141: Experimental scripts may be run and crash the software (or
phone) on install
b" 0000145: Call to node A fails second time after call to node B on
three node network
b" 0000147: Adhoc edify interpreter needs rebuilding  so that we can
use "generic" wifi driver loading
b" Stopped DNA from corrupting its data file and crashing which would
leave the phone unreachable (General root cause of several other
Bugs can be viewed in more detail via our bug tracker at
 Registration is required
to access the bug tracker.
Any questions or issues can be posted to us here, or bugs entered into
the bug tracker. As always, we are incredibly grateful for the support
of the Serval developer community!
Paul & The Serval Project Team.
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org

@_date: 2011-12-18 06:32:26
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Someone has started work on something we have 
It is a twitter client for Android that features a P2P mode for when
there is no internet access.
Always encouraging to see this kind of thing getting underway.
It is still early days for them by the look of things, but I will have
a chat with them about integrating with our (not yet existent) APIs
for accessing the Serval MeshMS, Meow (more on that when we can work
up the documentation) and other relevant services.

@_date: 2011-05-22 20:13:14
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Phantom 
Interesting Project:
Not quite what we are doing, but there is some interrelation.

@_date: 2011-11-22 12:35:50
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Progress towards 0.07 release 
Hi all,
I'm back from South Africa and next on the agenda is taking 0.07RC1
and making an actual 0.07 release.
I have been looking through the outstanding issues for this release,
and the following list seems to be the show-stoppers:
0000029	wifi clients may drop broadcast packets
0000098	preparing information sent back to project for display
0000002	Handset auto-detection needs fixing
0000127	java.lang.NullPointerException : SetupActivity.setAvailableWifiModes()
0000131	When operating in AP-Client modes, AP can not be called
0000141	Experimental scripts may be run and crash the software (or
phone) on install
(or visit  if you are registered with our bugtracker).
29 and 131 are interrelated, and should be fairly easy to fix with a
bit of creativity to get around handsets that don't receive broadcast
packets when their screens are off when in wifi client mode (often
turning the wifi off and on again after the screen goes off fixes it,
or we could think of a creative way to use unicast packets in this
98 just needs double checking that we indeed do not send any data
about a users handset back without user consent.  This data is used to
help us add support for hithero unsupported handsets. This should have
been fixed upstream very early on, but we just want to be sure.
2 is more of a catch all for the wifi-autodetection stuff, and
probably just depends on 141 being fixed to allow 0.07 to release.
That just leaves 127, which it would be good if someone could try to reproduce.
Are there any other issues that people can think of that we must fix for 0.07?
Are there any volunteers to tackle one or more of these issues?

@_date: 2011-11-22 23:30:46
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] We have store-and-forward SMS working on the mesh 
See for some details, video and cartoon to explain a little of how it
works.  I am also working on a white paper that describes it in much
more detail.

@_date: 2011-11-27 19:58:14
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Architecture questions 
Correct at present.  Ultimately DNA will include it's own custom mesh
routing protocol that drives an overlay mesh so that operating system
cooperation is not required, thus maximising portability.  It will
also support asynchronous and highly partitioned mesh networks.
That is right for now.  The overlay mesh will change things a bit, but
DNA will still do phone number to address resolution, it is just that
the addresses will be 256 bit public keys instead of IPv4 based SIP
addresses.  SIP will go by the way side as well, to be replaced by
something more suited to lossy wireless meshes.
It is pretty tied to posix, not unix.  Windows and practically every
other operating system supports most of posix.
There will be some OS specific code.
You do not need to first port BATMAN to produce something of value.
In the long term, Serval will be based on the increasingly pluripotent
Serval DNA daemon (which will probably get a rename from dna to
servald or similar at some point), that will handle everything, and
just need hooks to the audio and network channels on the host device.
Thus a C# port of DNA is exceptionally valuable.  It will also serve
as a good basis for a port to Windows.

@_date: 2011-11-27 22:28:48
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Why wireless mesh networks wonbt save us from censorship 
Hi Steve,
Jeremy has already answered your questions well from a Serval
perspective, but I offer my perspective as well.
Absolutely agree here.  Indeed, Serval has worked from the outset to
make mesh telephony insanely simple to use, and I think we have made
significant advances on the state ease of use and management of mesh
networks in the process, with more innovation in the pipeline.
We agree heartily.  Pure mesh networking fails in the way that a lot
of other pure pursuits fail.
But some judicious symmetry breaking can yield large dividends, and
this is the approach we are already
pursuing, e.g., by using the internet for backhaul when it is available.
We have some early work on very fast converging mesh networks in
certain circumstances that we expect to map across at the right time.
Basically, I have confidence that this can be substantially worked
Also, the use of UHF/TVWS spectrum, low bit-rates and simple waveforms
offers great potential to work around much of the problem in other
creative ways, for example by switching voice calls to a
very-long-range but very-low-bit-rate circuit, that would be capable
of carrying a call over a single hop that would otherwise require
perhaps half a dozen hops at higher bit-rate.  Frequency hopping to
make interference statistical is also a great help here.
I am still writing up our initial plans in this space, and will make
them public once we have a decent draft.
As Jeremy has said, we have, and BATMAN has performed quite poorly.
Part of this is really easy to fix, in that the link score calculation
is slow to reflect lost links, and not fast enough to grab new good
links.  But we expect other interesting effects to emerge as we work
on this.
I think I am inclined to agree with Jeremy that we see a common
technology that is able to address all three fairly well.  For
example, (3) needs fool-proof deployment and management-free
operation, but so does (1) and (2), but for different reasons. So we
see the solution as requiring:
- zero-configuration
- tolerance of partitioning of the network
- ability to scale, and maintain local operation when scaling beyond
the bandwidth-limit event horizon.
- security
- use of existing phone numbers
What differs for each use case is in some ways limited to how people
use this platform, but fundamentally they all depend on the common
ability of a phone to make/receive calls,sms,mms other data without
recourse to infrastructure, and offering individuals the degree of
privacy and security, and to some extent, the reliability, that people
expect from a telephone network.  Our Rhizome store-and-forward
approach is a key element in all this, because it allows for almost
insect-like persistence of retrying delivery, so that the instant a
passage through the network becomes available it can be exploited.
Also, Rhizome solves the nasty exponential bandwidth and arrival
probability problem that otherwise hamstrings multi-hop wireless
In fact, I would say that the fundamental reason why we think we (and
this includes Village Telco) are able to make mesh networking work, is
because we have focussed on a telephony-oriented model, where data
volumes are lower, and where the user interface is simplified to
telephone-level, which people understand, and which equally
importantly, hides all of the mess underneath.
It is also why we are not afraid of our planned overlay mesh network
not being backward compatible for use by non-Serval-aware
applications, as it will keep them from making inefficient and
inconsiderate use of bandwidth, while allowing the use of the various
innovations we have prototyped and have on the drawing board. On this
note, we hope to be able to share a technology roadmap for the next 12
months in coming days.

@_date: 2011-11-29 13:08:24
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Architecture questions 
It has been my pleasure to help.
Increasing the documentation is something that we are critically aware
that we need to do, and we are working on this, but our available
resources are limited. We would certainly welcome any assistance that
people may be inclined to provide on this.  For example, it would be
great for people to choose a particular aspect of the Serval
technology, e.g., DNA, and begin documenting it by examining the code,
asking lots of questions and grabbing material from the wiki (which we
apologise is being reinstalled this week).
So the Huawei IDEOS U8150/U8180 phones do have an accelerometer as I
recall, and are certainly cheap, being as cheap as AUD$60.
That just leaves the antenna gain, or more precisely, the maximum
range between devices as the issue.
Increasing the gain will only work to a limited extent, as that gain
comes at the expense of omnidirectionality, and given that volcanoes
are not generally flat (I forget which type of cone your volcano has),
will present some difficulties to very directional links.  My estimate
is that you need about 9db gain if using ordinary wifi gear.
As I recall, you are looking for ~500m range between nodes.  WiFi
typically does ~200m fine, but it can certainly do 500m in ideal
conditions, such as when the Fresnel zones are clear, which can be
achieved by mounting antennas on ~8m poles.  Of course that is a
problem if the antenna is in the phone and also is supposed to be
measuring ground movement... So no immediate solution there using off
the shelf equipment.
It may be worth trying a few different models of phones to see if any
have better wifi antennas than others.
Otherwise, I guess you will have no choice but to make custom hardware
of some sort, whether phone based, Arduino based or otherwise.

@_date: 2011-10-20 11:29:44
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] Allied Efforts. 
As the founder of the Serval Project I can certainly confirm that
while telephony is our head-line use-use that we certainly care about
data, and are absolutely making data distribution tools that operate
on our mesh layer, so I think you will find that our goals are even
more compatible than it may first appear.
We are also in the process of adding various other features that may
be of interest to the FreedomBox community, such as:
1. strong cryptography that is not reliant on any global certificate
authority. A key part of this crypto layer is that we are building a
team that can perform a credible and open security analysis of the
architecture, which is a step often omitted.
2. The Rhizome Retriever that you have already discovered allows the
distribution of files, open-source maps (more on that in a moment) and
messages (including updates to the Serval software) over the mesh.
One of the interesting challenges we are addressing with this is how
to secure the update process to prevent unlawful sabotaging of the
Serval network through seizing or reverse engineering the signing key.
 I am happy to explain more of our thinking on this if there is
3. The Serval Distributed Map Tool.  This uses locally cached open
street map tiles to provide mapping services without the use of
internet.  One of the really nice synergies of our platform is that we
can use the Rhizome Retriever to automatically copy cached map tiles
from other phones in the area.  Not only does this really enhance the
resilience of the mapping tool, but it also has the potential to get
map data faster, and allow for updated map tiles in field.
There are also other features that we are working on, but this is a
selection of ones that I thought might be of particular interest.  For
further reading, I would recommend having a look at our white paper:
It should also be said that while we are targeting Android initially,
we are structuring the software so that it can run on any operating
system, and we have preliminary work underway for porting to Linux,
Symbian S60, iOS, and OSX.
In terms of the requirement for root access on the phone, we have
progressed the software so that for phones that can run as access
points we can institute a kind of dynamic tiling approach to get AP
and client devices to communicate in a kind of 2nd class mesh that is
possible to form using almost any WiFi capable device.  This allows
mesh phone calls over one to two hops (AP->Client or
Client->AP->Client), but more importantly it allows the Rhizome file
dissemination process to occur without impediment, as that already
spreads files one hop at a time to avoid the exponential decay in
available bandwidth that occurs when sending data many hops on a mesh
We are also actively engaging in the IEEE 802.11 standards process to
get ad-hoc fixed (ask me if you need information about the problems
with using ad-hoc WiFi to form mesh networks), and also to standardise
the use of the cellular radio present in all phones to allow ad-hoc
packet radio in the ISM915 band to allow long-range mesh networking.
In terms of current progress for the Serval Project generally, we have
alpha-quality developer releases that we are making periodically to
help people find and report the glaring bugs and problems, as well as
get a taste of some of the functionality we are providing.
We have a dedicated community support engineer on the
serval-project-developers list (Romain) who will do his best to
respond to any issues, and we would welcome the FreedomBox community
to take advantage of that resource if trying out our software, or
suggesting feature enhancements.
While Serval does not operate as a democracy, preferring the
"benevolent dictatorship" approach to open source development while we
undertake our initial build-out of core features to help maintain
clear focus and keep development driving forward, we do have an
intentional culture of listening to potential user's requests and, as
far as is practical, taking them on board.  For instance, aspects of
the mapping service and Rhizome Retriever have been influenced by
input we have received from humanitarian and aid organisations. We
would thus welcome any input and suggestions from the FreedomBox
community as we progress our development and planning activities.  We
do also welcome assistance from the open source community, and aim to
work as cooperatively with others as we can.
Founder, Serval Project,
Shuttleworth Telecommunications Fellow,
Rural, Remote & Humanitarian Telecommunications Research Fellow,
Flinders University.
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org

@_date: 2012-11-28 09:28:33
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Implementing a different routing protocol 
Hello Fraser,
Sounds like an interesting project.
Jeremy has been doing the most work on the mesh routing parts of
Serval, so I expect that he will chime in with where things are in the
current state of the code.  Note that routing is currently under
active development, so things are liable to change.
Back to your actual goal, which is to stream multimedia content for
disaster recovery scenarios, this is something that we have been
thinking about from the earliest, and it is nice to hear that someone
is looking to work on it.
Thinking about the general approach you are considering around greedy
routing, it may make more sense to use the Serval Rhizome
store-and-forward scheme as the basis, rather than the MDP/overlay
real-time routing.  Rhizome understands the idea of a "journal" which
is really just a file that grows in successive versions.  Nodes
receiving a journal can, in principle at least, pull just the new part
of the file.  If the file has grown further in the meantime, then
another pull will occur.    There would still be some tweaking
required using this approach, such as making Rhizome be more selective
about who it exchanges with so that it can be directed towards the
destination, but I think it would give you more resilient routing. The
tradeoff is likely to be increased latency, although I think that the
actual useful throughput would increase, because packet loss and
retransmission would be dealt with each hop.  You would also be able
to use WiFi unicast packets, and thus the full WiFi bandwidth.
You should also take a look at Serval Maps that provides functionality
for nodes to share their geographic location (via Rhizome), and that
could be used in place of adding geo tags to each packet.
I guess overall I am envisaging a solution where Serval Maps provides
the geolocation information, and also possibly the user interface for
choosing which phone you want to see the video from.  Then the video
or other content is pulled down via the improved Rhizome that you
would create.  By using Rhizome, it doesn't matter if a link drops for
a short while, as the content will be cached on intermediate nodes,
and so it will deliver as soon as it is able.
Anyway, happy to keep thinking through the options with you, and
looking forward to seeing what you create.
We would prefer that you contribute any modifications you make back to
our repo so that everyone can benefit.  We have a standard Harmony
Project issued contributor agreement that can facilitate that fairly

@_date: 2012-09-21 00:15:11
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Reports of WiFi Monitor Mode on Nexus One 
Most interesting ...
Meanwhile, here in Amsterdam I have been meeting with various groups
and talking with people, and I think we are now MUCH closer to being
able to make a mesh device that will do the ad-hoc WiFi *and* support
external radio modules, e.g., in other ISM bands in the countries
where they are allowed, to facilitate links of 100m - 1500m between
the mesh helper devices.
As the device would do ad-hoc and the other communications, and be a
1st class member of the mesh, it will be able to carry traffic for
nearby mobile phones, which would just be WiFi clients of it. This
means we can finally get rid of root, and also really easily port to
other platforms, including perhaps by having an HTML client that is
served from a web server on the device itself.
I am thinking of using the Dragrove as the basis, as it is an
OpenWRT-based router that already has an Arduino-compatible interface
inside, and all the software tools to talk to the Arduino-compatible
interface written and included.  This means all we really need to do
is make the working ISM radio interface for it.

@_date: 2013-02-15 12:29:38
@_author: Paul Gardner-Stephen 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] This white space spectrum chip might be 
Hello John, All,
We have been thinking about related issues in the Serval Project.
Being based in .AU, we don't (yet) have the luxury of white spaces.
Also, as we are also targeting disaster use cases we have to be able
to work in situations where geodatabases may not be available or
accessible for whatever reason.
So our initial efforts that are being sponsored by the NLnet
Foundation are being focussed on the ISM band at 915MHz, that is
available in a number of countries (.US and .AU are of particular
interest).  This band has fairly generous rules, and is capable of
fairly long distance communications.
Our very early tests, using what we know is sub-optimal forward error
correction, and with purposely poorly placed antennae (on a couch or a
desk inside a house, similar to the kinds of places a freedombox would
be expected to be plugged in) already show that it is possible to
maintain links through O(10) houses.
This is important, because WiFi does only O(1) house, PI*r^2 = O(1)
houses covered (including your own), and so you need Almost Everyone
to join to form a mesh.
But assuming a range of O(10) houses, PI*r^2 = PI*10^10 = O(100)
houses, and so you need only about 1% up-take to enable metropolitan
networks to be feasible.  That seems much more likely than the ~100%
up-take needed to make a WiFi mesh.
The trade-off is the relatively low bandwidths that are feasible.  We
are using 250kbit, and that is about as high as is feasible.  However,
it isn't as bad as it sounds, because we can use some clever frequency
hopping and related tricks to create a "multi-threaded" radio
environment, where there can be 50 senders operating in the band for
250k x 50 = 12.5mbit total throughput, with the nice property that no
one node can consume all the bandwidth. I can provide some further
explanation on this if it is of interest.
We are using the RFD900 radios that run open-source firmware, and our
GPL Serval Mesh software on top of that to give us a fully open stack,
complete with our baked in crypto layer that the Serval Mesh is based
on, and could be integrated into the FB stack if desired at some
We are beginning to make a few Mesh Helper prototypes, that combine an
RFD900 radio + OpenWRT 802.11n router and battery, and will be testing
these in New Zealand over the next couple of weeks, and can feedback
here if people would like to hear more about how it goes.  Or
alternatively, I will blog about it.  There are already a couple of
blog posts that show some of what we have been up to already, e.g.:
If anyone is interested in knowing more, or helping us out (there is a
fair bit of radio firmware rewriting to be done to realise the full
potential), just drop me a line.
Freedombox-discuss mailing list
Freedombox-discuss at lists.alioth.debian.org
