
@_date: 2001-08-03 09:55:35
@_author: Paul E. Robichaux 
@_subject: Gotti, evidence, case law, remailer practices, civil cases, 
cal>
An Metet chastised Uni thus:
Some animals really *are* more equal than others. Whether Uni has this sense
or not[1], the fact remains that some contributors to this list produce more
valuable material than others. Uni, Tim, Peter Trei, JYA, Sandy, and a number
of other old-school c'punks have been making this list worth reading since
1993 or so. Not every contribution is of equal value.
Having said that, I took about a three-year hiatus from the list. When I came
back, Choate was still choating, Tim & Sandy were still sniping at each
other, and Uni was still funny. Nice to be back at home.
[1] He apparently doesn't, but would be entitled to have it if he wished.

@_date: 2001-06-07 09:55:41
@_author: Paul E. Robichaux 
@_subject: MS adds their two bits to the credentialing of America 
I don't think that anti-nymity is a bias, it's just an unfortunate side
effect. Most consumers want single sign-on. Microsoft wants to give it to
them. If you don't like it, you can always get the same effect by using a nym
and those nifty prepaid Amex cards you can buy at 7-11.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 9:48 AM
Interesting piece on CNET:
A telling highlight:
It's that "single online identity" part that chafes me.  A pretty clear anti-nymity bias, as MS forges ahead in tying ones online presence irrevocably to their meatspace identity.
Roy M. Silvernail
Proprietor, scytale.com
roy at scytale.com

@_date: 2001-06-07 10:42:07
@_author: Paul E. Robichaux 
@_subject: MS adds their two bits to the credentialing of America 
Login to what? I mean, sure, I have a login since I run my own W2K test lab
at home, but J. Random won't be doing that. Since he can create as many
personalities on his Windows XP Home or Pro boxes as he wants, he can create
one for realworld use and one for his kewl 3l33t  handle
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 10:28 AM
OK, I can buy that.  But would it be wild speculation to predict that the online identity eventually gets tied to the Windows user login?  This still doesn't prevent nymity (barring biometric logon and prevention of multiple accounts using the same biotoken, but I don't want to go too far afield), but it makes it less convenient.  By the time J. Random Luser realizes he wants (needs?) to nymify, the barriers to entry are in place. The third 'E'.
Roy M. Silvernail
Proprietor, scytale.com
roy at scytale.com

@_date: 2001-06-20 11:14:42
@_author: Paul E. Robichaux 
@_subject: Slashdot | Phoenix BIOS Phones Home? 
Well, where I come from this is useful functionality! In combination with a
feature called RIS (remote installation service) in Windows 2000, you can
create a library of canned machine images and blast them out to machines over
the network. One of our major customers has cut the time necessary to replace
a failed machine down to about 15 minutes: plug in the new machine, hit F12
during boot to trigger PXE, lay down the image received from the RIS server,
user logs in, and voila! As much as you & I may not like it, in many corporate environments the
computer should be no more personalized than the telephone. No one gets
emotionally attached to their telephone, and replacing it is a trivial
affair-- all the speed dial numbers, voice mail, and so on is stored in a
central box. So it is becoming with PCs.
As a side note, none of this is even remotely new. Microsoft & Intel, plus
their partners, have been pushing variations of this theme for almost 10
years now. My favorite feature is the one that sends a network yell for help
via SNMP when someone opens the lid on a machine.

@_date: 2001-10-07 19:58:45
@_author: Paul E. Robichaux 
@_subject: "HNC Developing New Air Security Software" 
HNC made their nut selling neural networks to a variety of friendly
neighborhood TLAs and credit-card issuers. I suspect that their "new"
software is just a neural network trained with surveillance and ticketing
data. Hardly new.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, October 05, 2001 4:11 PM
I'm dubious about the "anonymous mathematical algorithms that cannot be
reverse engineered" part, and I'm skeptical about the "we're gonna cork
up the mind of God and bottle it for those worthy/rich enough to afford
it" aspect. Sounds like snake oil to me.
Data mining, pattern-recognition, AI, ubiquitous surveillance, etc. are
just tools. The biggest danger, beyond flawed premises in the code, such as, for instance, ignoring second-order and higher observer loop effects,
or  beyond willful misuse, is GIGO. The central issues are still political, anyway. None of this matters if I'm not bothering you and you
come fuck with me, in other words. And, hey, two can play the same game. Thank you, Mr. Felsenstein, et al.
Choate, feel free to forward to psychohistory.

@_date: 2001-10-12 11:38:23
@_author: Paul E. Robichaux 
@_subject: Bunker Buster 
Someone's conflated the B61-11 with the GBU-28.
The B61-11, referred to in the FAS article, is an air-delivered tactical
nuclear weapon with selectable yield. Getting it 15ft underground would
probably do the trick.
The GBU-28 is basically a 155mm artillery barrel packed full of explosives.
Well, OK, not really, but that's what the first set of GBU-28s used in Gulf
War I were. Slap some guidance fins and a standard LGB kit on it, and voila!
The hardened steel of the barrel makes for a dandy ground penetrator.
The larger 1945 version of the Tallboy, called the Grand Slam, supposedly
penetrated over 7 metres of concrete when used in action - but it did weigh
ten tons & hit the ground at twice the speed of sound. Apparently the shock
of the impact did as much damage as the explosion, causing structures to
break up up to hundreds of metres away, literally an "earthquake bomb".
Of course it is always possible that Dr. Strangelove is still in the employ
of the US military and that some insane looney  with a grudge against sheep
does want to use nukes. Sensible arguments about the idiocy of developing new
exploding nukes can be found all over the web - the first google hit on
B61-11 is  and worth reading. FAS, as
always, has heaps of stuff.
Ken Brown

@_date: 2001-10-12 21:57:41
@_author: Paul E. Robichaux 
@_subject: Evil Empire meets Evil Disease 
Obviously the work of the Linux community.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, October 12, 2001 7:10 PM
CNN is reporting at 8 PM EDT that the Reno, Nevada office of Microsoft
Licensing Incorporated, which handles product licensing agreements for
Microsoft, has received a suspicious letter which has been found to be
contaminated with anthrax.

@_date: 2001-09-27 16:19:13
@_author: Paul E. Robichaux 
@_subject: [EMED-L] Should we ER/Healthcare workers get smallpox 
l>
I shouldn't have to point this out, but if you can't buy it (or steal it from
someone who has bought it), it ain't available. The military *is supposed* to have 300K doses by the end of the calendar
year, but the contract (IIRC) actually calls for delivery by end of FY 2003.
Besides, 300K doses is significantly less than the number of active-duty
military folks, much less civilians (or even civilian gov't officials) in
likely target areas.
The military is set to have 300,000 doses of smallpox vaccine by the end of
this year.  Should we be vaccinated?  I was vaccinated as a child, but most
of us who have been vaccinated are no longer immune.  In the event that a
terrorist decides to covertly unleash smallpox, we would all be at risk, as
we would be the front line of defense.  Any thoughts from the list?  The
first wave of ill people from a smallpox attack could also take out the
healthcare system, as we are not immune, and may not recognize the early
cases.  Just thinking "out loud" here.
William E. Franklin, DO
wfranklin at erdoc.com
To unsubscribe, send the command  "SIGNOFF EMED-L" to
LISTSERV at ITSSRV1.UCSF.EDU
