
@_date: 1994-03-17 10:56:26
@_author: paul braunbehrens 
@_subject: (fwd) Who's watching you... 01 
Escellent Idea, it would cut down on the 80 pieces of email I delete without reading every day.

@_date: 1994-03-24 02:33:13
@_author: paul braunbehrens 
@_subject: Netcom mail queue 
Forgive me if this is a stupid question, but can someone tell me what this is, or means, or 'speechless'.
tthanx, paul

@_date: 1994-03-24 11:30:20
@_author: paul braunbehrens 
@_subject: CLIPPER CHIP ON LIMBAUGH 
What worries me is the people who should be on our side who might say;"hey
If Rush is against it it must be good!"  Here's to hoping they have more sense than that, but Ihave to admit that if I hear Rush come out on one side of an issue I know nothing about, I look at the other side first.
BTW, is there a way to make this whole list anonymous, like having the reflector strip the headers or something?  Just curious.

@_date: 1994-03-24 12:11:39
@_author: paul braunbehrens 
@_subject: clipper debate at stanford u. (fwd) 
Found this.  Hope it's not an umteenth repost (I haven't seen it yet but I use the 'd' key very liberally).
                     ENCRYPTION AND DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS:
                          LAW ENFORCEMENT OR PRIVACY?
                            An Oxford-Style Debate
                     J. Kent Walker, Jr. (Stanford Law '87)
        Assistant U.S. Attorney and Coordinator, High-Tech Task Force
                       Marc Rotenberg (Stanford Law '87)
     Washington Director, Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
                       Wednesday, March 30, 1994, 5:30 PM
                         Stanford Law School, Room 290
                           Light Refreshments Served
This debate brings together two nationally prominent experts in this
area.  You won't want to miss the verbal fireworks and the
opportunity to learn more about this important question.
The Clinton Administration is promoting use of the Clipper Chip
technology that provides encryption, but in a form that law
enforcement can unscramble. It also backs legislation requiring
design of digital communications networks so ongoing surveillance
will be feasible.
Law enforcement officials argue that these proposals are necessary
to protect society from criminals and preserve important
investigative tools.
Privacy advocates contend that these proposals grant broad new
powers to law enforcement agencies and diminish protection for
future users of the National Information Infrastructure.
Sponsored by the Stanford Law and Technology Policy Center and the
Stanford Law and Technology Association.
Additional Information
Contact the Stanford Law and Technology Policy Center by email
(Law.Tech.Policy at forsythe) or telephone (415-725-7788).
