
@_date: 2000-12-22 10:19:46
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: About Gilmore's letter on IBM&Intel push copy 
I'm glad that John spent the time and energy to write a good summary of what is going on in the hard disk area. He's spot on about the dangers to our liberties.
But I was quite worried until I began to see the dangers for IBM and Intel in the scheme. This is not an easy play for them because it threatens much of the entire industry in these ways:
1) This is going to increase the cost of using  PCs dramatically. Hard disk crashes are going to go from major disasters to utter catastrophes. When the disks go bad, you'll need to buy all new copies of the software, images, movies, and what not. Backing up? Well, that will be another headache that won't be possible without the right permissions. They can wave their hands, but there's no getting around the fact that installing software is going to have plenty of new red tape.
I don't see how they will be able to distinguish between the truth and a lie when a guy calls up and say, "uh, my hard disk crashed. I need to install it on a new machine." They either authorize it or they don't. In fact, they'll probably have to automate the process because it's so expensive to have an actual human on the other end.
My mean time between hard disk failures is about 2 years, but I'm a heavy user. Can we really afford to create a new class of technicians who do special hard disk replacement for 20% of America each year?
2) This really changes the nature of the business. Right now the PC and software manufacturers sell you a box, wave good bye and say, "Good luck." Support is a joke. Actually fixing the machines costs too much money. Anything worth under $400 is essentially disposable.
If they put trusted hard disks in place, then there needs to be someone to care for these disks. They can't just keep waving good bye when you walk out the door. The business model needs to change to be something like cable television. That means hiring thousands if not millions of technicians who will come to your house and fix your hard 3) This is really going to slow innovation and that's really going to hurt IBM and Intel. Already the hardware guys depend heavily on upgrades to keep people buying machines. If people can't move their software to a new zippier computer, then they're not going to buy a new zippier computer. Take a look at the cable television world. Most people are still using 1970's era technology. It just takes too long for the service technicians to go to each house and replace things. But that's the only way you can run the world when you have trusted corrals for special data. You can't just let any schmoe upgrade their hard disk or any schmoe is going to be able to pirate Hollywood movies. Gosh, that's all us proles do all day long you know. Pirate 4)  This is another opportunity for the open source community to come in and steal market share. If the press reports in Slashdot and other places are to believed, it was only a few months ago that Microsoft marched into the offices at Virginia Beach and asked them to produce the certificates for their copies of Windows. You know, those neat hologram embossed slips of paper. They didn't have one for each PC so they had to pay more than $121,000. This is another opportunity for Red Hat or some other Linux box company to walk into companies and say, "Use Red Hat, Mozilla, and Star Office and you'll never have license problems again. The hardware guys claim that they can take care of rights management issues for you. So can we and we cost alot less."
I think this may be the greatest thing that's come along for open source OSs yet. As Princess Leia said in the Hollywood content "Star Wars", "The harder you squeeze your fingers Vader, the more planets slip through the fingers." Do those content wrangling lawyers down there ever look at the content they protect?

@_date: 2001-08-08 14:04:26
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Watermarks, Satellite Hacking, DMCA and more. 
Lately I've been researching the world of satellite signal hacking. Some people think that there may be as many as 1 million people hacking into the DirecTV satellite signal so they can watch all of the sports, all of the movies and all of the porn without paying.
As an experiment I decided to sell electronic copies of a long story on the topic. I think both the payment system and the watermarking/copyright protection mechanisms are pretty novel. To get a copy all you need to do is send 75 cents from a paypal account to satstory at flyzone.com. You'll get a personalized watermarked copy in return. This is a far cry from the micropayment digital cash systems of our dreams, but it is fully functional.
The watermark is not sophisticated. You can learn how to disable it in the copyright notice to the story. There's no challenge for the 3L33t h4X0rs among you. After all of the fuss about copyright circumvention, I thought a light touch may be better. It was also substantially easier to engineer. My guess is that the ease of use will bring in more sales than are lost to hackers.
More information can be found here:
  Please let me know if you  have any thoughts, complaints, or other suggestions.
Peter Wayner
pcw at flyzone.com

@_date: 2001-08-30 16:32:44
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Anonymity News of the Weird 
From News Of the Weird:
...the Alcoholics Anonymous chapter in Milwaukee still does not know who the man was who collapsed and died during a meeting on May 23 (because those attending meetings usually do so anonymously). [St. Louis Post-Dispatch-AP, 6-3-01]

@_date: 2001-12-18 14:40:22
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: CIA in NYC 
I went to a meeting in the WTC this spring. It took a half hour to get through security because they had to type all kinds of details into some computer and take my picture with a camera. It all seemed like a preposterous amount of security and rigamarole even after the 93 bombing. If they really cared about stopping attacks like that, they would do a better job guarding the garage and keeping track of the surveillance tapes after the fact.
On the floor of my meeting, though, I figured out what was probably going on. The floor held a number of offices including several branch offices of foreign banks. These weren't for passbook customers making deposits. They were the kind used to do big deals. My guess is that someone used the databases and photos of those coming and going for intelligence purposes.
Perhaps there was something more a foot too, but the concentration of financial deal making seems high enough to be worth the effort. The UN can be a 60+ minute drive by car.

@_date: 2001-11-22 12:23:29
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Denning's Geo-crypto 
This is a fascinating idea, but problematic. The simplest approach
is easy to spoof. Let's say that you encrypt the data with the GPS coordinates
X. The software takes GPS coordinates from a GPS receiver and tries
to decrypt the data using these coordinates. Only someone at the
right place would be able to figure it out.
Naturally, this could be spoofed by replacing the GPS receiver
with one that spits out the right coordinates.
A better system might rely upon the signals from the satellites
themselves. The signals let the GPS receiver measure the
time the signal took to travel from the satellite to the receiver.
Knowing the distance from three or more satellites makes it
possible to triangulate and come up with the real location.
A more sophisticated system would encrypt the data with
these signals themselves. It might take the data coming from
satellites 1,2 and 3 at one particular instant. Only a person
in the right location would see the right values at that particular instant.
But I think this could be spoofed by time shifting the signals using
a TIVO-like mechanism. If you're not in the right location you
could pretend to be in another.
Maybe they have a more complicated mechanism. Or maybe
this is just FUD.

@_date: 2001-10-01 10:42:28
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Baltimore Digital Commerce Society-- Korhammer on Lava   
Gads, I suppose he can repeat a few stories about Sept. 11th, but the main focus will be on cross-exchange arbitrage. It's not exactly a cypherpunk topic, but certainly one that might interest the libertarian believers in the power of markets.

@_date: 2001-10-15 12:07:12
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Schneier on Stego, Dead Drops, bin Laden 
Schneier has never really cared much for
steganography and he seems to take every
opportunity to belittle it. In _Secrets and Lies_,
he argues that he's never received images in email
and so steganography will fail for lack of a
In any case, there are plenty of business uses of
whatever might be called steganography. The term
itself is difficult to pin down because it could
include many things that people do without
realizing that they're engaged in steganography.
Microsoft Office tags documents with the serial
number of the document creator. The creator and
everyone else who sees the document will never see
this number, but it's there. I think the serial
number is there to help them track down piracy and
copyright infringement.
The content creation companies from the music and
movie business are also big believers in
steganography. They hope the tool will allow them
to mix in copyright messages into digital copies.
The U.S. government has long explored ways to tag
documents, presumably to help track classified
information that might fall into the hands of
U.S. government agents in pursuit of terrorists
must often use steganography to communicate with
other agents. Hiding the message stream may be
the only way they can maintain their cover.
Lately the press has been focusing on the unproven
possibility that the terrorists may use steganography
to communicate. The complete story should include
how the technology is used against terrorism and digital

@_date: 2001-10-18 13:15:31
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Baltimore Digital Commerce Society-- Korhammer on Lava Trading, 
This event was originally scheduled for October 2nd, but it is being pushed back to November 6th because Lava Trading used to be located on the 83rd floor of the WTC. Richard Korhammer's office was only 50 feet away from where the plane hit. Miraculously all of the company survived. Korhammer was across the street with a client during the entire event.
But please come to listen to hear about their company not about the WTC. They're almost back on-line after having their entire office destroyed.  These guys are building a very cool, cross-exchange tool. It constantly keeps track of the bids and asks on a number of exchanges letting you send your business to where the prices are best. It's fascinating to watch the screen update the quotes in real This kind of semi-automated, trading assistance is bound to become more and more prevalent. I think Lava Trading is doing some of the most interesting stuff around.
Baltimore Digital Commerce Society
Tuesday October 2, 12:30
Speaker: Richard Korhammer, CEO of Lava Trading (
Topic: Networks as Markets-- Why Exchanges are Becoming Virtual
Richard Korhammer is the CEO of LavaTrading, one
of the startup companies in New York diving into
cross-market arbitrage. Their network links
together all of the important market makers in
ECNs and keeps track of all bids and offers.
Buyers and sellers using the technology
automatically get pointers to the best price
possible. Traders with large blocks of stock do
substantially better because Lava Trading will
break up their block to match it with the best
price available across all of the markets. This
cross-market arbitrage improves liquidity for the
market and makes it simpler for traders with large
blocks of stock to wade into the marketplace
without leaving a wake.
In his talk, Korhammer will explore how fast
networking and sophisticated servers can
supplement and potentially replace the old
fashioned stock exchange. Traders won't need to
come to one place or one exchange to search for
the best price because the network can constantly
sort through all buyers and sellers. Korhammer
believes that adding intelligence to the network
and the servers supporting is more efficient than
requiring traders to manually manage an otherwise
complicated marketplace.
Will these cross-exchange tools supplant the
exchange? Will they eventually become the
exchange? Will the disintermediation eventually
make all trading a transparent event?
Location:  11 West Mount Vernon Place, Baltimore,
Directions: The Engineering Society lies in the
shadow of Baltimore's Washington monument in the
center of town. From downtown, take Charles St
north to the monument. The Society is to  the left
on Monument Street. From the north, take 83 south
to Maryland Avenue exit. Follow Maryland Avenue
south until Monument Street. The Society is to the
Or look at this map:
Cost: $14 for a lunch buffet
Questions: pcw at flyzone.com

@_date: 2001-10-31 10:43:39
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: FBI MAS 
I realize the government doesn't tell the citizens anything interesting, but they also don't tell themselves. Compartmentalized information is a big problem for the bureaucracy. Some of your biggest fans may be just as curious as the rest of us. Plus, they have to fight budget wars over these things.

@_date: 2001-09-13 08:46:38
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: An assault on liberty? 
I realize that many will use this event as an excuse for many political agendas, but I think it's important that we think through exactly what happened. It doesn't seem like it was an assault on liberty or a misuse of the liberties we have. Most people can't fly planes. The learning process is long and the licensing requirements are many. Flying a 757 is even more restricted by both cost and licensing requirements. It's not a liberty like walking around the streets or speaking one's mind.
It doesn't seem to me that this attack had anything to do with liberty. It's not like someone abused the right to bear arms by shooting someone, it's not like someone abused the right to speak freely by libeling someone, it's not like someone abused the right to drink alcohol by plowing into a school bus after drinking too much. These guys were unauthorized to have knives, they were unauthorized to have bombs, they were unauthorized to fly 757s, they were probably unauthorized to be in the country. Yet they did all of these despite the controls.
The hard lesson is that controls don't always work. Licensing requirements, security checkpoints, and armed guards fail. It's sad, but there's no physical law like gravity that we can depend upon to keep ourselves safe.
If you ask me, the biggest danger is that we'll add more ineffective security measures in the hopes of doing something.  And the real problem is the controls may never be enough to keep us safe.

@_date: 2001-09-25 16:58:57
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Schneier on Stego, Dead Drops, bin Laden 
Schneier writes;
     It doesn't surprise me that terrorists are using this trick. The
     very aspects of steganography that make it unsuitable for normal
     corporate use make it ideally suited for terrorist use.  Most
     importantly, it can be used in an electronic dead drop.
There are plenty of applications for businesses, primarily in digital rights management. The watermarking systems pursued by SDMI may not be foolproof, but that doesn't mean that they don't accomplish business goals. There are many corporate uses.

@_date: 2002-06-24 17:02:52
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Fwd: Book Review: Peter Wayner's "Translucent      
I think Bob made some great points about my book, but it's clear that this debate
is revolving around a few sentences in Bob's review. Perhaps he miscategorizes
Brin, perhaps he doesn't. I haven't read _Transparent Society_ in some time.
Still, it's important to realize that this isn't just a battle between the state
and its citizens. Encryption can provide a practical tool and a great option
for the data management engineers. Brin has a good point about the value
of openness, but I'm sure he doesn't extend it to things like people's credit
card numbers. Brin would probably be interested in the book and the way
it leaves some things in the clear. It's all about translucency, which is, after
all, partially transparent. The glass is half empty or full. So maybe there's
something in common here?
The right use of encryption (and any anonymity that comes along with it) can
protect businesses, customers, clients, employees and others. I'm sure it
might also be used to by a few elites to avoid scrutiny, but that doesn't have
to be the case.
For me, the mathematics of on-line anonymity are essential parts of on-line security. While I think that there are plenty of personal and emotional reasons to embrace anonymity, one of the best is the higher amount of security the systems offer. Simply put, identity-based systems are more fragile because identity theft is so easy. Systems designed for anonymity avoid that weakness because they're designed, a priori, to work without names. So I think they're just bound to be a bit safer.
It should be noted that the anonymous techniques developed by Chaum, Brands and others do not have to be used to avoid scrutiny. You can always tack on your true name in an additional field. To me, the systems just avoid relying on the the name field to keep people I'm glad Bob sees the resonance between _Translucent Databases_ and the world of cypherpunk paranoia, but I would like to avoid a strong connection. It's not that there's no relationship. There is. But the book is meant to be much more practical. It explores how to use the right amount of encryption to lock up the personal stuff in a database without scrambling all of it. In the right situations, the results can be fast, efficient, and very secure. So the techniques are good for the paranoids as well as the apolitical DBAs who just want to do a good job.

@_date: 2002-06-24 17:02:52
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Fwd: Book Review: Peter Wayner's 
I think Bob made some great points about my book, but it's clear that
this debate
is revolving around a few sentences in Bob's review. Perhaps he miscategorizes
Brin, perhaps he doesn't. I haven't read _Transparent Society_ in some time.
Still, it's important to realize that this isn't just a battle
between the state
and its citizens. Encryption can provide a practical tool and a great option
for the data management engineers. Brin has a good point about the value
of openness, but I'm sure he doesn't extend it to things like people's credit
card numbers. Brin would probably be interested in the book and the way
it leaves some things in the clear. It's all about translucency,
which is, after
all, partially transparent. The glass is half empty or full. So maybe there's
something in common here?
The right use of encryption (and any anonymity that comes along with it) can
protect businesses, customers, clients, employees and others. I'm sure it
might also be used to by a few elites to avoid scrutiny, but that doesn't have
to be the case.
For me, the mathematics of on-line anonymity are essential parts of
on-line security. While I think that there are plenty of personal and
emotional reasons to embrace anonymity, one of the best is the higher
amount of security the systems offer. Simply put, identity-based
systems are more fragile because identity theft is so easy. Systems
designed for anonymity avoid that weakness because they're designed,
a priori, to work without names. So I think they're just bound to be
a bit safer.
It should be noted that the anonymous techniques developed by Chaum,
Brands and others do not have to be used to avoid scrutiny. You can
always tack on your true name in an additional field. To me, the
systems just avoid relying on the the name field to keep people
I'm glad Bob sees the resonance between _Translucent Databases_ and
the world of cypherpunk paranoia, but I would like to avoid a strong
connection. It's not that there's no relationship. There is. But the
book is meant to be much more practical. It explores how to use the
right amount of encryption to lock up the personal stuff in a
database without scrambling all of it. In the right situations, the
results can be fast, efficient, and very secure. So the techniques
are good for the paranoids as well as the apolitical DBAs who just
want to do a good job.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-05-30 09:59:52
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: sources on steganography 
I know that my book, _Disappearing Cryptography_, is being used as a textbook in a few schools. It's a bit broader than the others because it uses a more inclusive view of the topic.
You can read a bit more here:
The book on Watermarking by Cox et al is also very nice, although very focused and very detailed.

@_date: 2002-09-14 12:32:20
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: The Case Against Steganography In Perceptually Encoded 
This is certainly a point that many people are coming to believe. But I think you have to be careful with taking it to extremes. Are there problems with changing the character of noise? Yes, but as you pointed out it may be possible to sculpt the inserted information to conform to the statistical character of the overall file. One of the simplest tricks is just to insert a relatively small message in a relatively large file. Any statistical changes will be lost in the noise. This is a pretty practical solution because there are plenty of images that take hundreds of thousands if not millions of bytes. A thousand bytes of text gets lost pretty quickly.
It's also important to remember that there are many tricks that avoid making changes in the usual way. I'm currently very intrigued with the potential to rearrange lists of items. (You can try out an applet here: I guess it's important not to let an obsessive attention to mathematical perfection  prevent you from accomplishing something cool. After all, every RSA key can be factored eventually, but we still use the system because it's practically secure.

@_date: 2003-06-06 08:00:01
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: The perils of anonymous, not-so-digital cash 
Two million in bearer bonds stolen along with the safe that held them:

@_date: 2003-06-13 11:44:00
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Steganography and musical scores? 
I'm told someone is trying to encode information by ordering the musical notes played in a chord with a Midi synthesizer. It's possible to hide information in the order of a set using a technique like this:

@_date: 2003-09-02 14:45:43
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Searching for uncopyable key made of sparkles in plastic 
Several months ago, I read about someone who was making a key that was difficult if not "impossible" to copy. They mixed sparkly things into a plastic resin and let them set. A camera would take a picture of the object and pass the location of the sparkly parts through a hash function to produce the numerical key represented by this hunk of plastic. That numerical value would unlock documents.
This was thought to be very difficult to copy because the sparkly items were arranged at random. Arranging all of the sparkly parts in the right sequence and position was thought to be beyond the limits of precision for humans.
Can anyone give me a reference to this paper/project?

@_date: 2003-09-16 10:28:53
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: P!=NP futures undergo heavy trading 
The futures where people betting on the existence of a proof on whether P!=NP are currently generating the second highest volume on the Foresight Exchange. Only the California recall is higher.
Any insight?

@_date: 2003-09-24 07:45:17
@_author: Peter Wayner 
@_subject: Encrypted search? 
Yes, these are all good solutions. If you want a case study of how this might help a company like Amazon, go here:
My new books:
_Policing Online Games_ (
_Java RAMBO Manifesto_ (
