
@_date: 2009-07-03 18:59:09
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [Open Manufacturing] Slashdot | Professor Gets 4 Years in Prison for 
"Retired University of Tennessee Professor Dr. John Reece Roth has been sentenced to four years in prison after he allowed a Chinese graduate student to see sensitive information on Unmanned Air Vehicles (UAVs), also known as drones. In 2004, the company Roth helped found, Atmospheric Glow Technologies, won a US Air Force contract to develop a plasma actuator that could help reduce drag on the wings of drones, such as the ones the military uses. Under the contract, for which Roth was reportedly paid $6,000, he was prohibited from sharing sensitive data with foreign nationals. Despite warnings from his university's Export Control Officer, in 2006, Roth took a laptop containing sensitive plans with him on a lecture tour in China and also allowed graduate students Xin Dai of China and Sirous Nourgostar of Iran to work on the project. 'The illegal export of restricted military data represents a serious threat to national security,' says David Kris of the US Department of Justice. 'We know that foreign governments are actively seeking this information for their own military development. Today's sentence should serve as a warning to anyone who knowingly discloses restricted military data in violation of our laws.' During his trial, Roth testified that he was unaware that hiring the graduate students was a violation of his contract. 'This whole thing has not helped me, it has not helped the university,' said Roth. 'And it has probably not helped this country, either.'"
Some space related technology has similar restrictions.
So, scarcity-oriented organizations are preventing information flow to other scarcity-oriented organizations using post-scarcity means (bureaucracy, computers coordinating data collection, government tax dollars raised through cooperation). But in the process they are producing artificial scarcity for everyone, because it is not clear what you can legally share is some fields. In general, stories like this have a chilling effect on cross-border cooperation. People had related stories at the SSI conferences about legal issues sharing information related to rocketry and satellites.
Similar paranoia crippled and delayed strong encryption in the USA, one of the reason the internet is a less safe place today as far as phishing and other problems.
--Paul Fernhout
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Open Manufacturing" group.
To post to this group, send email to openmanufacturing at googlegroups.com
To unsubscribe from this group, send email to openmanufacturing+unsubscribe at googlegroups.com
For more options, visit this group at

@_date: 2009-07-30 17:13:40
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Fwd: meeting on p2p risks to national sec 
More from the article:
  Pointing to the examples offered by Boback, Towns said that the
file-sharing industry's promises to regulate itself had clearly failed.
"Specific examples of recent LimeWire leaks range from appalling to
shocking," Towns said. "As far as I am concerned, the days of
self-regulation should be over for the file-sharing industry."
  Other members want the issue investigated by the Federal Trade Commission,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and law enforcement authorities. They
said that the continued failure by companies such as LimeWire to take more
proactive steps to stop inadvertent file-sharing is tantamount to enabling
illegal activity resulting from the data leaks.
  Towns plans to meet with the chairman of the FTC to determine whether the
failure to stop inadvertent file-sharing constitutes an unfair trade
practice by P2P companies."
Anyway, the slashdot comments have lots of rebuttals to those points.
--Paul Fernhout
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2009-06-24 00:18:45
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [Open Manufacturing] Raw Story B; Despite FAA ban, US spy drone patrols northern border 
"Even though the Federal Aviation Administration has banned the use of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS), the Department of Homeland Security currently has a US spy aircraft patrolling the northern border of New York for the month of June. ... While unmanned aircraft systems can be armed, the one flying over upstate New York has no weapons, according to John Stanton, director of CPBbs Office of Air and Marine."
OK, so killer robots are now being deployed in the state I live in (NY) but they are "unarmed". So, I should not mind? It's not like the military ever makes mistakes about this sort of stuff, right?
   "B-52 carried nuclear missiles over US by mistake: military"
   "The US military said on Wednesday it was investigating an alarming security lapse when a B-52 bomber flew the length of the country last week loaded with six nuclear-armed cruise missiles."
Well, just be safe, I had better avoid funerals:
   "U.S. Drone Strike Said to Kill 60 in Pakistan (at funeral)"
   "An airstrike believed to have been carried out by a United States drone killed at least 60 people at a funeral for a Taliban fighter in South Waziristan on Tuesday, residents of the area and local news reports said. Details of the attack, which occurred in Makeen, remained unclear, but the reported death toll was exceptionally high. If the reports are indeed accurate and if the attack was carried out by a drone, the strike could be the deadliest since the United States began using the aircraft to fire remotely guided missiles at members of the Taliban and Al Qaeda in the tribal areas of Pakistan. The United States carried out 22 previous drone strikes this year, as the Obama administration has intensified a policy inherited from the Bush administration."
At least there is no mention of children being killed that time in the supposedly just about half civilian casualties, so likely just some kids are left without parents, which presumably is better? Nothing there to breed a lifelong hatred of everyone in the USA, right? Of course, maybe breeding terrorists is what it is really all about? Every great country needs a great enemy to give meaning to its society, right? And if you can't find one, you need to make one right? Where would Castro have been without the USA to rail    "War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning is a 2002 nonfiction book by Chris Hedges. In the book, Hedges draws on classical literature and his experiences as a war correspondent to argue that war seduces entire societies, creating fictions that the public believes and relies on to continue to support conflicts. He also describes how those who experience war may find it exhilarating and addicting. The book was a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award for Nonfiction and a Los Angeles Times Best Book of the Year, as well as a national bestseller."
Still, if there are strikes for the each of the supposed not-civilians' funerals, and then strikes at the funerals of those people, one can at least see the potential for an exponential growth of funerals. Until the US government runs out of suspected terrorists to blow up, of course. Some numbers on that, you can presumably subtract one from the other:
   Just another example of post-scarcity technology being used by those obsessed with conflicts over scarcity -- but now deployed as a "test" in my state, within about a hundred miles of my home. Don't want those socialist Canadians sneaking over the border for some of our health care, right?
   "Inside HAARM: Late Night Brainstorming Session"
   Or bringing all that Canadian weed with them?
"How the war on drugs doesnbt work" ""Webve spent a trillion dollars prosecuting the war on drugs," Norm Stamper, a former police chief of Seattle, told me. "What do we have to show for it? Drugs are more readily available, at lower prices and higher levels of potency. Itbs a dismal failure.""
I feel much safer already, knowing that "unarmed" drones are keeping those evil socialist drug abusers in their place.
And, hey, the military already uses a nearby large building as a landmark for low altitude maneuvers (or so we suppose from the regular flights in the past), so what's some automated stuff flying around in the state too? Just because it is unmanned, why should I be more worried?
After all, there's presumably some teenager somewhere on the planet giving the thing orders.
   "He was actually a high school dropout who wanted to join the military to make his father proud. He wanted to be a helicopter mechanic. And they said, bWell, you failed your high school English course, so youbre not qualified to be a mechanic. But would you like to be a drone pilot?b And he said, bSure.b And it turned out, because of playing on video games, he was already good at it. He was naturally trained up. And he turned out to be so good that they brought him back from Iraq and made him an instructor in the training academy, even though hebs an enlisted man and hebs stillbhe was Sorry, just venting. I don't know what to do about this beyond what I am doing. There is already a border checkpoint not too far from my home which is 75 miles south of the border, where any car can be stopped and search, any laptop computer search or confiscated, and so on. And that one has already caused multiple deaths and is still there:
   "But on Interstate 87 north of here there have been two major crashes on the southbound approach to one of those checkpoints, including a pileup on Sept. 19, which killed four people as drivers failed to slow down for the lines of stopped cars."
But they say it has been successful in catching some people with Canadian weed. So, we're all that much safer, right?
   "Remove Marijuana from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act"
   Such an issue for so long... But it justifies anything...
   It is indeed a race towards Utopia or Oblivion, as Bucky Fuller said, depending on how these post-scarcity technologies are shaped.
--Paul Fernhout
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Open Manufacturing" group.
To post to this group, send email to openmanufacturing at googlegroups.com
To unsubscribe from this group, send email to openmanufacturing+unsubscribe at googlegroups.com
For more options, visit this group at

@_date: 2009-10-31 14:07:30
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Slashdot | Lawmakers Caught Again By File-Sharing 
An anonymous reader writes "A document, apparently a 'confidential House ethics committee report,' was recently leaked through file-sharing software to the Washington Post. According to the article, 'The committee's review of investigations became available on file-sharing networks because of a junior staff member's use of the software while working from home.' Of course, P2P software is entirely at fault for this incident. If you begin seeing more interest in DRM from Congress, you now know why."
Reader GranTuring points out that the RIAA took the opportunity to make a ridiculous statement of their own. They said, "the disclosure was evidence of a need for controls on peer-to-peer software to block the improper or illegal exchange of music."
Dozens in Congress under ethics inquiry
AN ACCIDENTAL DISCLOSURE
Document was found on file-sharing network
House ethics investigators have been scrutinizing the activities of more than 30 lawmakers and several aides in inquiries about issues including defense lobbying and corporate influence peddling, according to a confidential House ethics committee report prepared in July.
The report appears to have been inadvertently placed on a publicly accessible computer network, and it was provided to The Washington Post by a source not connected to the congressional investigations. The committee said Thursday night that the document was released by a low-level staffer.
The ethics committee is one of the most secretive panels in Congress, and its members and staff members sign oaths not to disclose any activities related to its past or present investigations. Watchdog groups have accused the committee of not actively pursuing inquiries; the newly disclosed document indicates the panel is conducting far more investigations than it had revealed.
Shortly after 6 p.m. Thursday, the committee chairman, Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.), interrupted a series of House votes to alert lawmakers about the breach. She cautioned that some of the panel's activities are preliminary and not a conclusive sign of inappropriate behavior.
"No inference should be made as to any member," she said.
The Washington Post just published a great scoop, getting its hands on a confidential internal memo compiled by the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct (aka the Ethics Committee) that summarizes ongoing investigations into possible wrongdoing by 30 members and several staffers. And how did such a highly sensitive document become public? According to a statement released by the committee's chairwoman and ranking member:
    "Neither the Standards Committee's nor the House's information systems have been breached in any way. Our initial review suggests that this unlawful access to confidential information involved the use of peer-to-peer file sharing software on the personal computer of a junior staffer, who is no longer employed by the Committee, while working from home."
  You heard that right: a staffer on the Ethics Committee was using "peer-to-peer file sharing software" at home. Of course, I'm sure this highly ethical staffer was simply "sharing" the King James Bible, the works of Shakespeare, and The Odyssey...
Note the disparagement of p2p there on all sides. :-( Email is peer-to-peer.
 The Recording Industry Association of America said the disclosure was evidence of a need for controls on peer-to-peer software to block the improper or illegal exchange of music. Some lawmakers have tried for years to bring this about.
Mitch Bainwol, the group's chairman and chief executive officer, said, "It's now happening (in) Congress' backyard, and that should be a powerful catalyst to enact real reforms to protect consumers."
Note how RIAA, whose current business model has been to sue consumers, is saying they are all about "protecting" consumers.
To see who else they are "protecting", see: :-)
  "Courtney Love does the math"
  "The controversial singer takes on record label profits, Napster and "sucka VCs." ... Today I want to talk about piracy and music. What is piracy? Piracy is the act of stealing an artist's work without any intention of paying for it. I'm not talking about Napster-type software. I'm talking about major label recording contracts. ..."
(I think someone else wrote something like that first about the music industry, the Love borrowed much of it from.)
--Paul Fernhout
p2presearch mailing list
p2presearch at listcultures.org

@_date: 2009-09-20 16:49:52
@_author: Paul D. Fernhout 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Autonet - an autonomous internet - call 
Just to echo this theme, freedom-of-speech, use it or lose it, something I wrote back in 2000, envisioning something like the OLPC, as a US$100 computer inspired by the Cybiko toy (fixed a few typos):
  "[unrev-II] The DKR hardware I'd like to make..."
  Imagine what we could have for $1000 by the end of this year [2000] by
integrating technology that already exists:
And a two mile radio range:
    (That link is dead, but it was just a generic consumer walkie-talkie.)
And remember that in five years this entire thing will cost US$100 each.
Consider a couple of these souped up devices given to each village in
Africa. Anyone with $1 billion for true development aid to 500,000
African villages? (This is just the cost of one unfinished dam or one
shut down nuclear plant.)
  Consider millions of these devices airdropped into Iraq and Yugoslavia
