
@_date: 1993-12-06 09:15:01
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Censorship/Forum dispute on the list 
Black Unicorn writes :
Detweiler already has another list ('cypherwonks') that is looking into issues
like electronic democracy, cyberspatial ethics, etc. Is this the sort of thing
you had in mind? I don't know whether he actually moderates the list in the sense of filtering the postings, but he bills himself as the 'cypherwonks
janitor' in the welcome message and certainly takes an active interest in the
progress of the discussions.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-12-09 17:26:04
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: value of privacy? 
J. Michael Diehl writes :
I am in the midst of reading _The Naked Consumer_ by Erik Larson, and I find
myself asking the same questions you are about privacy. I think privacy has
an inherent value, distinct from the consequences of information abuse. For
example, it doesn't _hurt_ me to get targeted junk mail, but I find it unsettling that direct marketers know enough about me to send the 'right' mail. I see it this way; 'they' make decisions about me and initiate a relationship with me without my knowledge or consent. The relationship is
artificial and uneven; 'they' know more about me than I know about 'them'.
Even if the relationship does me no real harm, it makes me uncomfortable.
So, I value my privacy even though (some? most?) of the time I don't suffer
gravely ill effects from the manipulation of what I consider private data.
This feeling is what drives me to learn more about PGP and secure transaction
systems; ideally, these systems will help conceal some of our private data
from (for example) the telemarketing types. [Allow me my dream, :) ]

@_date: 1993-12-17 08:26:19
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Inman: Cognitive Dissonance? 
banisar at washofc.cpsr.org writes :
This quote is a classic! The first bit about criminalizing crypto when it is
used to cover up criminal activity is all right, I guess - sort of like adding a charge of 'resisting arrest' to the list of charges filed against
a criminal. However, Inman segues from that statement into the 'registry
of institutions that can legally use cyphers'... hmmm.. as if the illegal
uses of cryptography were so tempting that 'institutions' have to jump through
hoops to demontrate their innocence [as opposed to the assumption that they
will behave themselves of their own accord]. Then, the last sentence ices the cake: "If you get somebody using one who isn't registered, then you go after him." Warm up the tanks and load the tear gas, BATF! 'Presumption of
innocence' be damned! Cryptography is a _munition_, right? Right? Hmm......
It never ceases to amaze me how Big Brother can leap from nice, harmless-
sounding 'law and order' rhetoric to police-state strong-arm statements in
the space of a single 'sound bite'.

@_date: 1993-11-03 15:47:31
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Looking for WORDPWD.ZIP 
I used anonymous ftp to connect to soda.berkeley.edu and wandered through
the directory structures in search of WORDPWD.ZIP, but to no avail. Has
anybody else picked this software up from there?
I get a giggle out of demonstrating just how 'secure' the encryption schemes in popular PC packages really are...
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-08 14:33:03
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Modem taps/Caller ID 
The recent discussions of tapping modem transmissions reminds me of
a scrap of data I saw about Caller ID [the service provided by the phone company that displays the caller's phone number whenever your
phone rings]. Supposedly, the phone company transmits the caller's number as a burst of 1200 or 2400 baud ASCII between the first and
second rings; if your modem is set up 'just right,' you can capture
the number with a PC.
[Sorry there is so little data to go on; this tidbit appeared on a PC bulletin board and there was no follow-up discussion.]
Does anyone here know more about this? I would dearly love to set up a
program on the PC in my basement that could capture Caller ID data and
log it in a database. Obnoxious callers (Olan Mills, local telemarketers,
etc.) could be identified easily, and I could program the modem to pick
up / hang up on those calls. Then, I could ignore the phone until the
third ring; my PC would automatically dispose of nuisance callers as soon
as the Caller ID data was processed. Also, I'd build up a database of names and phone numbers important to me - maybe I'd spend less time scrounging my pile of Post-It notes looking for phone numbers.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-09 14:33:15
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Usenet: 'Resistance Is Futile' 
Regarding the recent question of whether the cypherpunks list is being
gatewayed to Usenet:
1) So what? I have always assumed that anything distributed to a group
   of _any_ kind may wind up scattered all over the globe and may turn
   up in unusual places. If the data is sensitive, encrypt it!
2) [Disclaimer: I know just enough Unix to get in trouble..] From what
   I understand so far, all it takes is one cypherpunk and some magic
   mail routing code to bounce cypherpunks list postings anywhere else
   on the planet. If this cypherpunk bounced the traffic off an anonymous
   remailer, you would never even be able to tell who was feeding the    other system. Unless I'm missing something, there seems to be no
   defense possible against this activity.
3) I agree with the concern expressed by Tim May that we may be opened
   up to 'disruptive flaming and puerile argumentation.' The only way
   to avoid this problem [as far as I can tell] is to limit postings
   to members of the mailing list. That's a tough one. Let us hope that
   our coffee shop is not overrun by screaming children...
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-09 19:58:44
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: 'Resistance Is Futile' 
You're right. That _was_ a particularly stupid remark. I apologize.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-10 11:03:22
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: AT&T encryption software 
Well, well, well.
I should have guessed that we [AT&T] would scramble onto the encryption
software bandwagon sooner or later. Buried in the bowels of the PBX business, I haven't heard anything about the product yet, but that's about
par for the course. I would like to strongly encourage anybody who can get a copy of this
product to examine it thoroughly; my gut feel is *bad*, but I'll need
some concrete facts if I am to present a dissenting view. Sooner or later, the PC lab guys will probably be installing this thing on our
PCs and we'll be the 'vanguard of the future' (again!). I am particularly
interested in whether this package is interoperable with PGP- for some
reason, I tend to doubt it .
[If any of you were wondering whether or not I 'speak for AT&T', this posting should remove all doubt..]
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-12 15:49:41
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Caller ID: belated thanks 
Many thanks to all the people who posted responses to the Caller ID
question! I appreciate your time, thought, and responses. Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-12 16:13:45
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: CPSR cypherpunks archive 
Dave Banisar sent us the November 12 CPSR alert [thanks, by the way!]
which contained, among other things:
                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ This caught my eye, especially in light of the recent postings about
whether or not the cypherpunks postings should/should not be provided
to Usenet.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-23 20:53:04
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Give me your password- OR ELSE! 
Jim Miller writes :
I think this phenomenon is more or less inevitable, unless serious thought
is given to a way to prevent it. Let's take a simple example and progress
to a more complex scenario:
If I want your money, I could steal your ATM card and try to deduce the PIN
number (tough), or I could wait in the bushes with a .44 until you use the ATM and either steal the money you get out (easy) or convince you to tell me
the PIN number (harder, although a .44 is remarkably persuasive). However,
it's easy for you to lock me out of your accounts by changing the PIN number
the next day - to get continued access to your account, I'd have to get the
PIN number and then kill you (begging your pardon, of course). Even if I did
all that, all I'd have is a bank account. Hardly worth it.
If I want your *life* (metaphorically speaking; your network connections, your
digicash, your 'reputation capital', etc.) and all I have to do to get it is
beat your PGP pass phrase out of you and kill you afterwards, you're in much
more danger. I could lie in wait, get your pass phrase, (ahem) remove the evidence, and step into your net.shoes the next day.     Bottom line: As the value protected by our encryption systems increases, we
must devote more effort to the solution of problems like the thug with the .44
(or the jealous co-worker; insert favorite bogey-man here) who wants our password. Key revocation certificates are nice, for example, assuming you are
able to issue one - 'dead men revoke no keys,' however. Duress codes seem like a better deal; even though the enemy may kill you after you give him a code that (seemingly) works, your 'estate' would be protected. What we
*really* need is a hat trick that makes strong-arm tactics useless - any ideas? When the tactic of beating a pass phrase out of a citizen becomes
as stupid as killing for a PIN number, we'll know we've succeeded.
Damn! My coffee's gone cold. I'm off to get a refill- talking about killing
people has given me a definite chill. Not my favorite topic.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-29 09:32:01
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Let's Talk About Solutions 
Mike Godwin writes :
I subscribed to the Extropians list for a while and was quite impressed
with the list management software they were running. Commands could be
sent to the list processor like 'exclude ', 'exclude ', etc
via regular e-mail messages; with this capability, anyone who can use e-mail can personally manage the stream of postings headed for their mailbox. In my opinion, this approach strikes a comfortable balance between
outright censorship and mass confusion.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-11-30 14:57:49
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Who is this Detweiler guy anyway? 
L. Detweiler is an individual concerned with issues of identity on the Internet and various ways people use multiple identities to influence
others. He has coined a term, "pseudospoofing," that may be loosely defined as "Creating and using multiple fake identities for the purpose of misleading others, creating a false sense of 'consensus', and/or harassing one's enemies." Detweiler is quite passionate when espousing
his theories, and has precipitated a major uproar on this list in recent
weeks - what you're seeing on the list now is a lot of fallout from his
latest postings. He is also the author of a FAQ on privacy and anonymity,
a document held in high esteem by many. Several list members are convinced
that Detweiler also posts through an anonymous remailer as 'an12070'.
(Fair enough explanation, fellow cypherpunks?)
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-10-14 16:37:03
@_author: Philippe_D_Nave 
@_subject: cypherpunk mindWHAT? 
Hello, all! I assume all of you saw the message about 'cypherpunk mindfucking' today.
It appears to have come from an anonymous mail system (unless S. Boxx is
the name of the sender- but then, that name sounds a lot like the S-box
used in the DES encryption scheme. Call me paranoid, or give me a point
for catching an inside joke.)
That said, it seems that the point of the message is that there is a lot
of smoke coming from people who use aliases or anonymous remailer
services to post to the cypherpunks list. Does this posting contribute to that problem, or have I missed something? What the hell ?!? I've either missed something significant (and would appreciate enlightenment) or this is a candidate for 'strangest post
of the year'. If 'S. Boxx' really exists and is the author of this posting, I apologize- if not, then come out from behind your damn
remailer and quit contributing to the problem. As for monitoring the
list for traitors, go ahead- I post under my own name, and I don't
give a shit what you do with the text. If I was concerned about lurkers
building 'traitor files', I'd encrypt my messages and happily watch you
choke on them.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-10-15 10:27:09
@_author: Philippe_D_Nave 
@_subject: Casio kid diary- Executive Toy? 
Hello, all!
The post about the Casio kids' diary with password protection started me
thinking... has anyone tried to incorporate encryption into one of those
executive-toy memo-minders (Sharp 'Wizard', for example) or a PDA (EO,
Apple Newton, etc) for the business-suit crowd? That group is at least as
susceptible to market pressure and the 'I-want-the-newest-toy-NOW!' mindset as the kids. It would indeed be ironic to hear two suits exchanging PGP public keys as part of their corporate business-card-swap
Obviously, you can run PGP off a laptop's disk drive in the conventional
manner. What I've got in mind is more like the PCMCIA (or EIEIO, whatever
that acronym is) cards that let you add functionality to your processor
by plugging hardware modules in. It seems to me that a PGP port to this
platform, with an E-Mail interface and some sort of user interface (apologies to Zimmermann) might very well sell like hotcakes and go a
long way toward the goal of educating the public about encryption.
Executives with room-temperature IQs can't be bothered to load software,
but plugging in a cartridge and following the bouncing ball would be easy.
Maintaining physical security of the card is easier than wagging the whole box around, too- PC repairs could be done without compromising PGP,
etc. Issues abound; any interest?
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-10-18 16:07:21
@_author: Philippe_D_Nave 
@_subject: Coffee, anyone? 
Hello, _real_ people and cypher-crypto-pseudo-spoofs!
I almost fell out of my chair laughing at the recent post revealing the
TRUE identities of half the people (I use that term guardedly these
days) in the mail group. It did me a world of good.
Try this on for a quick reality check- this is how I view the issue of anonymity, trust, reputation, validity, etc. in the Cypherpunk forum:
I see the list as a coffee house, buried in the bowels of a machine at
Berkeley. People wander in and out, some to chat, others to listen. There
is no implied social contract in place among the participants, really,
just some common interests. For the price of a cup of coffee (my time
and my connection to Internet), I can enjoy stimulating conversation
and shoot the breeze. When people present their ideas, I take their identities at face value (asking for ID's before making small talk seems
a bit gauche). Every now and then, a message in a bottle comes sailing
through the (open) door- the waiter pulls the message out and reads an
anonymous posting. Those so motivated can put replies in the bottle and
sling it back outside, where the anonymous poster picks it up. Truly
obnoxious messages can be answered by Molotov cocktails in the same
manner .
My point is this: we're in a coffee house, not a courtroom. If I meet
someone in a coffee house and want to do serious business like buying a
car, co-publishing a paper, or betting my career on a set of equations,
I (we) would adjourn to a somewhat more formal setting and follow
entirely different rules for establishing trust and reputation. In the
same vein, I might listen to a chorus of voices spouting political
agendas while sipping my coffee, but I wouldn't expect the applause
and the catcalls to be tabulated and published as election results. I
agree entirely with Detweiler about the importance of being able to
validate people electronically, but I think it would be a shame to close
the door to the coffee house, take attendance, and charge admission.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-10-19 13:02:24
@_author: Philippe_D_Nave 
@_subject: Article on Cashless Society 
Hello, all!
There is an article in Information Week's October 11 issue titled "The Cashless Society" that discusses debit cards, smart cards, etc. This magazine is a management-type trade publication that bills itself as
"The newsmagazine for information management." A fair-sized article; it
may be of interest. Over the years, I've found this mag to be a fairly
good place to watch for trends; they carry the sort of articles that our brass photocopies and gives us with notes like "Can we do this?"
attached. FYI.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-10-20 20:22:59
@_author: Philippe_D_Nave 
@_subject: Destroying data 
Hello, data-killers!
After reading recent posts about how to keep data (and PC disk
drives) out of others' hands (shredders, double-layer encryption
schemes for 'revealing' a bogus plaintext while keeping the real
data hidden, etc), I had an evil thought....   >:)
Thermit grenades are pretty simple; all they do is provide a means
of initiating the "thermite reaction." (Look it up in a chemistry text.)
Equal parts aluminum powder and iron oxide (rust), finely ground and
ignited by (say) a burning magnesium strip, produce the same effect
and would quite satisfactorily destroy a disk drive in a matter of seconds. Likewise the PC, desk, floor - quite possibly setting the whole building on fire - "collateral damage," I guess.
Don't screw around with this stuff in your basement, people - it is a _very_ fast, _very_ hot reaction that produces a slug of superheated molten metal. For the truly paranoid among you, however, it might be
a viable last-ditch ploy to foil the Gestapo. Do be careful.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-10-22 12:42:57
@_author: Philippe_D_Nave 
@_subject: Emergency Broadcast System 
Excellent idea! Here's a first blush at a specification for an EBS:
 1) Mailing list data should be distributed to "N" sites where "N" is a     magic number that minimizes the chance of losing all the copies.
    (Mathematicians, sharpen your pencils!)
 2) The list data should be encrypted somehow to address these concerns:
    A) The keepers of the EBS list can't screw around with its contents
    B) The exposure of the list itself is limited
    C) Duplicate copies of the list can be verified for authenticity
 3) Some sort of signalling protocol should exist for activating the EBS,
    testing, etc. This protocol might also involve authentication (key
    swaps, signatures, whatever) that would require a minimum of "X"     participants to accumulate enough data to unseal the encrypted copies
    of the list.
 4) Implementation of the EBS site function should not require involved
    systems programming tasks- a member should be able to recieve and store
    the encrypted EBS data and follow fairly simple procedures to activate
    and test the system without being a [your favorite language here] guru.
    I would guess that many cypherpunks are reluctant to go to their systems
    people and say, "Hey, can you give me unlimited access so I can develop
    an emergency broadcast system for the cypherpunks?"
Enough for now- I'll refill my coffee cup, sit back, and watch you pick this apart. 'Cypherpunks write code.' Well, here's your chance to implement
a system that has wide appeal, would be fun to play with, and incorporates
distributed data encryption.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-10-26 14:32:39
@_author: Philippe_D_Nave 
@_subject: Enough! 
Hello, all!
The Detweiler-flaming is getting out of hand, folks.
Some of you have individual gripes with him, and I recognize your right to
carry on conversations via e-mail, but I (for one) am thoroughly sick of
looking at this latest wave of gratuitous harassment. There are plenty
of arenas that provide this sort of entertainment; if the best you can do
with your Internet access is send 'nyah-nyah-nyah' messages, I suggest
that you log into some local PC bulletin boards and flame away. (Those of you with multiple personalities and/or avatars can flame yourselves;
you'll get better response time that way anyway. ). The death threats
are particularly infantile, regardless of whether or not they were meant
as some sort of obscure joke.
The reason coffee houses don't normally have bouncers is that they normally
don't _need_ them; in our case, I hope we can move past this disruptive behavior and keep the coffee house crowd from permanently polarizing into
opposing camps. If that happens, I think we'll lose whatever benefit there
is to be had from this sort of forum.
I appeal to all of us to reconsider the motives that led us to the 'punks
to start with - are we 'cypherpunks' who 'write code' and 'have fun,' or
are we just 'punks' who try to impress one another with how vicious we can
be? There is a big difference.
Newbies : If you think that there is stature to be gained by joining in this sorry spectacle, think again. The only place you can gain respect by
abusing someone else is a street gang (or the U.S. Congress, perhaps).
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-10-26 18:52:39
@_author: Philippe_D_Nave 
@_subject: Enough! 
I have replied to several 'please subscribe me' posts over the last few
days, explaining how to contact Eric and get on the list. Looking over
the free-for-all of the past several days, I could see where newcomers
to the list would think this is the norm, rather than (hopefully) a passing phase. Did I attach a motive to your post? No.
Did I make any comment about your motives? No.
Did I hit a nerve? Looks like it.
The 'Enough!' post was intended to point out how inappropriate this latest
round of character assassination has become. I should not have included
the specific instance of the knife/gun message without also mentioning
the use of the term 'detweilering', which is another example of the same
phenomenon. For that, I apologize. Quoting that specific case makes it
look like I'm hammering that particular author, and that was not my intent.
(I've forgotten who posted that one anyway- unlike the legendary S. Boxx,
I haven't got the file space to keep my mail forever).
At any rate, be assured that I did not intend to single you out.
Philippe D. Nave, Jr.   | The person who does not use message encryption
pdn at dwroll.dw.att.com   | will soon be at the mercy of those who DO...
Denver, Colorado USA    | PGP public key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1994-04-05 15:49:12
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK CRIMINAL shirts (?) 
Hello all,
Have the CYPHERPUNK CRIMINAL shirts been shipped out yet? I used to
have Christian Void's e-mail address, but I blew up my mail file in
a fit of incompetence....
We now return you to black holes, chess games, and the Bill of Rights.

@_date: 1994-04-15 15:54:03
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Safeway + Your Privacy 
killbarny at aol.com writes :
Hmmm... In this scenario, wouldn't Safeway wind up eating the bad checks?
I realize that it would be a royal pain in the ass for the victim (the checkbook owner) to sort out the mess, but it would seem to me that the
victim could prove that he/she didn't sign the checks, leaving Safeway in
the position of having exchanged groceries for worthless paper. This same
problem exists with credit cards to some degree, due to the lax verification
processes in place ay many businesses, and there is some law that limits
your liability in the event of card theft.
Buying groceries may not immediately appear to be cypherpunks-related, but
this thread does bring up a point about 'identity theft' and verification;
I'd be interested to hear from the legal gurus on the Safeway/stolen checkbook

@_date: 1994-04-19 11:34:55
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Remailer Musings 
Hello, all!
The recent posting by Scott Collins about his remailer and the copyright
incident illustrates several problems with the remailer system as I see it.
I'll keep this brief, but I have a basic, low-level problem with all the
remailers I have seen so far - until this issue is resolved, I will never
have any faith in any remailer system whatsoever.
Every one of the remailers I have seen in operation so far provides a 'real' address to the target system. That is, when (not if) someone is irritated by an anonymous posting, they have only to look in the message
header to get an address for their hate mail, legal action, mailbombs, etc.
This essentially co-opts the remailer operator along with the anonymous
poster with regard to content. (Yes, yes, I *know* that the remailers are
supposed to be 'anonymous Post Offices.') As Scott Collins' message explained, *he* (the remailer operator) is taking the heat for the alleged
copyright violation, and his correspondent is not terribly impressed with
Scott's protestations of innocence. Since Scott indicated that he keeps
no logs, he is the sole target; this is grossly unfair to an individual
who is trying to provide a service. (Yes, yes, 'Life ain't fair,' but sooner or later you're going to run out of martyrs who are willing to take the fall for abuses of their remailers...)
Converseley, there may exist a set of remailer operators that *do* keep logs for the express purpose of dodging the bullet in cases like Scott's;
if a message went through that generated enough heat, that sort of remailer
operator would waste no time in compromising the poster's identity to get out of the hot seat.
In my mind, then, the solution to these problems requires remailers that
leave *no trace* of message origins, including the address of the remailer
itself. If this is not possible, then I for one will employ other means
for anonymous communication.
This is not intended to present any specific remailer operator or group
of operators in a bad light; in fact, I was particularly impressed by Scott's indication that he did not keep logs. I throw out these thoughts
in the hope that they will be considered by the authors of remailer software.

@_date: 1994-04-19 14:08:23
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Remailer Musings 
Ed Carp writes :
The analogy comparing an anonymous remailer to the Postal Service breaks
down at a key point, I think. The USPS is not held liable if I Xerox a book and mail it to someone, but the Postal Inspectors *are* expected to
cooperate fully with law enforcement interests when such behavior is investigated. If we limit the discussion to content alone, there is not
really any difference between an anonymous remailer and Netcom - if I
send something I shouldn't through both systems, neither would logically
be held responsible for the content.
[This distinction was muddled in my original posting; the following is
an attempt to clarify my position. A thousand pardons...]
The anonymous remailer is supposed to be (as its name implies) a method
for transferring data from one point to another with no identifying labels as to the origin of the data. Removing the original poster's ID and (essentially) replacing it with the remailer operator's ID does not accomplish a whole lot, in my view. When questions are raised
about objectionable postings, the Internet community actually follows
the 'Post Office' analogy closely, expecting the 'postmaster' to assist
in the investigation. *This* is where the remailer operator becomes a martyr; the very nature of the remailer paradigm precludes the collection
of data that would aid the investigation. We can debate whether it is
reasonable for the Internet community to expect this sort of help, but
we ourselves saw nothing wrong with asking (for example) Detweiler's postmaster to get his ravings off the Net. So, then, the remailer operator must walk an ethical tightrope - since
the remailer is not truly anonymous (in the sense that messages simply
*cannot* be traced), the operator must balance the ideal of anonymous
communication against the realities of Internet connectivity. If I
want to communicate anonymously without worrying about attacks on the
remailer operator, it would seem that *complete* anonymity is required.
Then, messages could be encrypted and bounced among remailers without
exposure to the 'Achilles' Heel' address of the last remailer in the

@_date: 1994-04-20 12:35:51
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Remailer Musings 
Jim Miller writes :
This illustrates my point precisely. Look at the messages on this thread
over the past few days; questions about 'common carrier' status, legal
questions, etc reveal that there is, in practice, more to running a 'full service remailer' than just setting up the software. Running multiple overseas remailers may complicate investigations and
legal action *for now*, but I can't help feeling that this is only a
temporary fix. [My opinion, ignore at will..]
Bill Stewart raised some concerns about whether it is possible to
forge return addresses; I am certainly not an expert, but I wonder
whether some inspired cypherpunk can come up with a way around the
technical problems involved. [Sips coffee, raises eyebrow] If 'they'
can't find the remailer operator (much less the anonymous poster), then all these questions of culpability and risk are moot.

@_date: 1994-02-01 09:50:35
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Matsui-san Attack 
buckley at wti.com writes :
Concerns about the validity about the 'two years' figure aside, does this
really 'leave you two years?' The technology to store messages (even ones
currently uncrackable) has been online for years already- unless your encrypted data is such that you don't mind having it examined by anybody
with a DES cracker, you are already at risk. In terms of careers, legal
action, and politics, a two-year event horizon is negligible. As advances
in computer power continue, the 'two-year' figure will continue to shrink.
Taking the long view, I view the PEM/DES debate as virtually identical to
the Clipper debate; Clipper's 'trap door' mindset is more overt, but getting
everbody involved in PEM/DES when the cracking technology is clearly in sight is no better.

@_date: 1994-02-22 22:15:41
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Education needed, but what specifics? 
Seth Morris writes :
Interesting.. Interesting..
Getting better...
Whoa... is this thing supposed to be a *game*, or a training school for net.guerilla.warfare? I may be a minority of one, but I'm not going to
risk *anything* by trying to hack mail systems, trace their logs, or spoof. Quite frankly, I can't be bothered - apart from a sort of 'James Bond' thrill, that sort of thing has no appeal whatsoever. Hopefully, I'm
just missing the point here, but I wonder how smart it is to advocate
'hacking net services' in a game that is supposed to introduce people to
strong crypto. Although it might not be very thrilling, my hope is that Mom and Pop Citizen will one day use PGP (or )
on their routine e-mail - they may never know or care about telnetting to
port Q-47, and I don't think that matters much. Be careful with the game;
don't overemphasize the cloak-and-dagger to the point that Average Citizen
gets spooked off strong crypto.
Don't take this as flame-bait, please; this just posting just hit me at
the right time to provoke a philosophical outburst. While it is fun for the cypherpunks to skulk around and spoof each other, we must not lose sight of a large segment of our intended audience - namely, those people
who might hop on the strong crypto bandwagon so long as the 'skullduggery'
factor does not get too high. I think there is a large market for crypto
services that is completely detached from the 'full blown' cypherpunk agenda of anonymity, remailers, untraceability, etc. [Soapbox in hand, he shuffles off for more coffee.......]

@_date: 1994-01-10 10:41:34
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Crypto not being used where needed 
Mike Ingle writes :
Although I sincerely agree that the data should be encrypted, is it really
that easy to intercept cellular phone calls? I thought you had to go to considerably more effort than programming a scanner to pick up these transmissions - I don't know much about cellular phones, but I thought they
hopped frequencies and so forth such that it was a real pain to listen in.
The reason I ask is that I have a buddy who works for local law enforcement.
His group is about to roll out a network of laptops in their cars, linked
by modem to the AS/400 that serves as their gateway to NCIC. We've talked
about how easy it is to intercept/spoof transmissions in the clear on a single channel, but we both figured it would be considerably more difficult
to intercept cellular calls. Given the level of understanding of the fuzz,
they'll probably slap a Hayes modem on their Barney Fife Cop Car Radios
anyway, and I'll gleefully try to trap their transmissions.... just as an
exercise, of course, to educate them as to the error of their ways...
Seriously, folks, this issue is a valid one. If [insert favorite bogeyman
here] can dial a scanner and pick up credit card numbers, vehicle and
driver's license data, and criminal histories, our privacy is due for
another beating. The way I got my friend's attention was to ask whether the
police department is liable for revealing private information - in other
words, if Charles Manson grabs my license data off the cops' data net, can
I sue the cops?

@_date: 1994-01-15 21:45:53
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: PGP posting validation 
As I recall, the PGP-filtered mail list idea was proposed to the list a while
back and semi-informally put to a vote. At the time, I 'voted' against the idea, because I did not perceive the spoofing problem to be serious enough
to warrant that sort of response. Times change, I guess - it's easy to filter
certain names and anon ids out of my mail, but more complex spoofs involving
SMTP ports and so on call for more involved filtering procedures.
Here's my two cents' worth- how about a filter on incoming mail to the list
that performs these functions:
  1) check the incoming post for a PGP signature
  2) If a sig is found, check it against the list's public keyring
  3) If the key matches, pop a line like "X-PGP-Keycheck: user so-and-so"
     into the posting
  4) If the incoming message already has a "X-PGP-Keycheck:" line in it,      drop that line off - somebody's trying to spoof us
For those 'punks who can/will sign their messages, this would provide a simple
'reputation check' visible to all recipients. For others, postings would flow
through the system exactly like they do today, vulnerable to spoofs and so on.
My main concern is that we get a filter online that is secure but simple.
Programmers (myself included) will want to launch off and devise some horrendously complex PGP empire right away, but it would probably be smarter
to start small.

@_date: 1994-01-17 12:19:21
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Two more cents (PGP/mailing list) 
In my 'two cents' posting the other day, I used the term 'filter' when I
should have used a term like 'preprocessor' or something. If you've got
a copy of the posting, note that later on in the message I suggested that
the PGP validation step should allow unsigned messages to flow through the
list in the usual manner- my suggestion should in no way be construed as advocating censorship or conditional acceptance of postings.
My suggestion was for a very simple, automatic verification of PGP signatures
against a 'cypherpunks public keyring' for those who sign their posts and
provide public keys to the list maintainer(s). I see these benefits:
   1) This would not alter the way the list runs today; if messages come
      in with no PGP sig, they'd just get broadcast unchanged
   2) For those who sign messages, this would be a painless way to reassure
      *everyone* (PGP-capable or not) as to the authenticity of the message.
   3) If individuals desire to receive only 'validated' mail, they may       code their mail filters to trap the validation stamp (and deal with
      issues of 'censorship' individually)
The reason I suggested that the PGP validator add a new header line (like X-PGP-Whatever: ...) rather than append the validation stamp to the body
of the message is that I thought we might foul up a PGP sig if we alter the
message body. Using a special header line also makes it easier to identify
in your personal mail filter process (at least for me), and even if you have
no mail filtering you would see the header (or lack thereof) at the top of
the posting and could read on or can the posting right away. Hopefully, mail
systems can be tailored on an individual basis to allow these headers to pass on to the user.

@_date: 1994-01-21 10:26:56
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Where can I get RFC-822? 
Hello, all!
If I recall correctly, RFC-822 defines the standards for e-mail. Anybody
know where I can get a copy? I have e-mail access and can ftp (at least for
a while yet) from this system. Any help will be appreciated.

@_date: 1994-01-24 13:06:41
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Thanks for RFC-822 help! 
Many thanks to the dozen or more people who helped me locate RFC-822; I now
have a copy of it, along with RFC-821 and a multitude of pointers to sites that keep RFCs available for anonymous FTP. I greatly appreciate your time
and effort.
[Flames and rants aside, the 'coffee house' crowd still comes through in a
pinch...  :)   ]

@_date: 1994-01-26 12:22:06
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Remailer Noise Traffic 
W. Kinney writes :
This approach hadn't occurred to me; I've been following the discussion on
bogus remailer traffic from the perspective of 'How do we get the remailers
to generate/manage their own 'noise' messages'. Give me some sort of script
to run, and I'll run it on some oddball schedule if it will help. Things That Would Be Nice:
   1) The script, incantation, or whatever should be easy for even Unix
      novices (*blush*) to implement without assistance. (Damned if I'm
      going to call System Administration and ask for help on something
      like this! :)  )
   2) The script may need to incorporate some random element that changes
      the path through the remailers every now and then (If I *always* send
      a noise message from A to Q to X to Z, does this really help foil       message analysis? Serious question- I have no idea.)
   3) Some assurance that this will be a *quiet* process; that is, if one
      of the remailers barfs I don't care to have a bunch of wierd error
      messages routed to my postmaster. This may not be an issue; what I
      _don't_ know about e-mail would fill an encyclopedia.
In short, if you can come up with a black box for me to run that helps your
remailer traffic situation without (a) undue effort on my part and (b) undue
risk to my account id, then I'll help you out. Strike a blow for blah, blah,
and all that.

@_date: 1994-01-27 13:07:42
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Remailer Noise Traffic 
Eric Hollander writes :
I don't know what 'slocal' is, but I've got a kill file; if these messages
contain some identifying pattern, I should be able to filter them out. Throw me a few of them and I'll tinker with my setup; also, give me some
warning about what they'll look like so I can pick them out of the 'normal'
mix of inspired brilliance and warped lunacy that passes for Cypherpunks
message traffic...... :)
[Zing! Off on a tangent.....]
Stop me if you've heard this...
This looks like a neat opportunity to play with digital money. Note that I
said _play_. Apologies to all, but my eyes glaze over when I read too
deeply into postings about authenticated foo bar prime number anonymously
deniable recursively repudiable ching fong quux blat zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz......
However, if you wanted to send me (n) digital coins, electric cents, donkey
farts, or whatever for every (k) noise messages I send/receive, I can see
where it would be fun to try to spend them. Everybody else could try to
steal them from me, I could try to spend them over and over and try to counterfeit them (perhaps asking for skilled help), and we could fiddle
around with Monopoly money to our hearts' content. I'd buy things, somebody
would produce goods for sale, we'd screw up the whole 'economy' repeatedly,
and you digital-cash types could write enormously complex and elegant papers
about the whole thing.

@_date: 1994-01-31 09:39:29
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Quantum cryptography 
Timothy C. May writes :
What a relief! Now I understand why LD's postings averaged about nine zillion
words each. He was just following a natural law!
OK, now I'll try an experiment on my own....
     "Cryptography."
Wheee! I'm an expert!  :) :) :) :) :)

@_date: 1994-05-16 08:35:26
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Is the list still active? 
Hello, all!
Apologies for the waste of bandwidth, but it's been over a week since
I have received any mail from the cypherpunks list. Is anybody out there?
Please respond by private e-mail so as to (a) keep the racket on the list
down and (b) sidestep a 'cypherpunks' mail trap at my location (if one exists). Noise and all, I find this list interesting - I'd hate to lose it.

@_date: 1994-05-16 09:44:14
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: List is VERY MUCH alive; Thanks! 
Not only is the list still active, there are several list members who
are quick on the draw! I have resubscribed to the list and have received
verification from majordomo, so everything should be set. Many thanks
to the folks who responded to my 'S.O.S.' posting earlier this morning.
