
@_date: 1994-08-02 12:28:25
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Majordomo and Julf's remailer 
Assumption: (maybe incorrect, but what the hell..)
The trouble with having an anonymous penet subscriber on the list
is due to the fact that cypherpunks messages appear to be 'from'
the individual that posted the message as opposed to the list
itself. Thus, when I post a message and it goes out to the list,
it heads out to anxxx at penet.fi and generates an anon ID if I didn't
have one before.
If this is the case, is there any way to change the setup of the
cypherpunks list on toad.com such that the list messages appear
to be 'from' cypherpunks at toad.com instead of from the person
who sent the message? If we got another anxxx subscriber, penet.fi
would start seeing hundreds of messages from 'cypherpunks at toad.com'
and probably generate an anonymous ID, but it wouldn't foul up the
original poster.
I'm not advocating majordomo code changes here; I just wonder if
there's an option setting that could be tweaked in the cypherpunks
list definition. I have been on mailing lists before where the
traffic always appeared to be 'from' the list, and the only thing
odd about it was that you had to CC: the author to send a direct
If this idea is all wet, so be it... it just occurred to me this
   -Philippe

@_date: 1994-08-23 08:46:25
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: your mail 
The e-mail address is : cvoid at netcom.com
I got my shirt quite a while back; drop them a note and see what's up.
[Pardon the 'reply all'; Microsloth Mail never gives the right address
for cypherpunks postings..... what a piece of s*** ]

@_date: 1994-08-24 09:03:53
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: dfloyd's faux pas :) :) 
Amazing how that happens sometimes, hmmm? The half-life of an e-mail
message is about 10 seconds; after a few minutes have passed, the bogon
flux density goes clear out of sight.
My God! A member of the glorious CryptoReich made a MISTAKE ?!? By now,
it should be obvious that Real Cypherpunks(TM) **never** make mistakes...
[wheee, ha, ha! ROTFL]
I agree; reposting personal mail without prior consent is terribly rude.
What the hell - if you walk erect and sleep indoors, you're as qualified
to 'trouble the list' as the rest of us.
     Philippe
     "Anarchy means never having to put up with shit from your 'leaders'"

@_date: 1994-07-11 08:50:49
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Mass forwards vs. pointers 
On the off chance that someone is actually keeping score, I'll cast a vote
for pointers instead of forwards. I don't pay for access (look closely at
my address to see why), but my mail setup lumps all my mail in the inbox
indiscriminately; to find critical messages from co-workers and automated
software processes, I've got to wade through all the mail from the lists
I subscribe to. This morning, there were 80+ messages from cypherpunks
alone. If this list becomes, in effect, Usenet without Usenet newsgroup
mechanisms, I'll have to bail out in order to get anything done for my
Real Job (TM).
I used to get Cypherpunks mail on a Unix box, and there I had a slick
little Perl script sitting in my mail pipe to route Cypherpunks mail
into a secondary Elm folder. This was nice, since it routed mailing
list traffic away from my standard inbox. Now, though, I'm running through
Microsoft Mail - until I figure out a way to separate list traffic
from other mail, I'm really touchy about high-volume list traffic.
Does anyone have a FAQ (or a brainstorm) on how to route Microsoft Mail
messages to appropriate folders based on message content?
    -Philippe
(No .sig, no PGP sig either - damn PC WinDoze mail software .........   )

@_date: 1994-07-12 07:39:30
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Modems that variate speed 
Sorry I can't attribute the quote properly; Microsloth Mail strikes
This would probably thwart someone trying to tap the data stream
in real time, assuming that the speed changes caught the snooper
by surprise, but I don't think that real-time data traps are the
real problem. Someone who went to the effort of listening in on
your transmission would probably record the whole session on
tape; then, they could map the speed changes and pick up all the
data at their leisure later on. I would speculate that a really
good DAT deck could record the modem session well enough to give
your opponent all the time he needs to figure out the speed shifts
and pick up the data.
   -Philippe

@_date: 1994-07-28 08:05:34
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: What can one do for remail operators? 
I think the single most important thing we could do for remailer operators
would be to figure out how to make the remailers *truly* *anonymous*. That
is, we need a net.hack of some sort that allows remailers to send their
messages in a way that leaves no trace whatsoever of the original poster
*and* leaves no trace of the remailer itself.
Net.veterans will perhaps recall a thread I started a while back along
these lines... this is a technical problem, and I have the utmost
confidence that the skills to solve this problem are around here somewhere.
If I may make a humble suggestion, I would suggest that this problem is
more immediate and pressing than many of the issues currently being
  Philippe

@_date: 1994-07-28 13:01:05
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Remailers 
This is, of course, correct. In an ideal scenario, everyone would be able
to personally establish anonymity for their own communications and the
concept of 'anonymous remailers' would be moot.
In the meantime, I suggest that it would be worth quite a bit of effort
on the part of a few wizards to get a 'truly' anonymous remailer up and
running for the benefit of the masses. I keep seeing messages to the effect
of 'sorry, you can't get there from here', but that just tells me that the
problem is non-trivial. [Note that I'm not pooh-poohing the considered
opinions of people who know quite a bit more about email and the Net than
myself; I simply remain stubbornly optimistic about the capabilities of a
large group of skilled Internauts.] Also, don't misconstrue my ravings
to be an indictment of remailers as they exist today - I see that many
valuable lessons are being learned about interoperability, reliability,
and real-world exposure to problem situations. Even our beloved LD has
helped in that regard, bless his pointed head, by showing us what a single
deranged loon can do to a network of remailers. I simply maintain that now
is a good time to reopen the study of 'true' anonymity so that further
remailer developments are added to a strong foundation.
ObEcash: Peons like me who are not capable of the bizarre hacks required
for 'true' anonymity would most likely embrace ecash payment systems for
remailing service with enthusiasm.
Having demonstrated my ignorance of low-level email transport techniques,
I now retire to the shadows again........     :)
    Philippe

@_date: 1994-06-30 17:24:57
@_author: Philippe Nave 
@_subject: Where is SecureDevice? wuarchive directory missing.. 
Hello, all!
I have just changed jobs within the company, and now I
find that my PC is not as secure as I'd like. (Long
story.) I'm looking for SecureDevice, hoping that
it will let me create a secure area on my hard drive.
I ftp'ed to wuarchive.wustl.edu, changed directory
to /pub/msdos_uploads, then tried to change directory
to cryptography only to find that the directory
does not exist!
Pointers? Suggestions? Thanks for your time!
    Philippe Nave
P.S. Does anybody have a FAQ or something about how to
integrate PGP with Microsoft Mail? (Note the lack of
a PGP signature while I'm getting my act together..)
