
@_date: 1994-06-03 19:04:36
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: Pedophiles in Cyberspace 
I agree with Perry's assessment, and would like to summarize the
conclusion of the article since it is about the blurring of national boundaries and lack of control by authority:
It is expressed that pedophiles who can communicate with like-minded
people anywhere in the world (where laws against it do not exist) will
get the impression that they are normal, okay people who live under an
unjust state.  Additionally, it is mentioned that unsupervised (i.e.,
no psychiatrist present) discussion between pedophiles will also
reinforce their predilections.
Unfortunately, the article does not mention how the blurring of national boundaries and uncontrolled (polically incorrect, etc.) conversations would also be beneficial.  Perhaps the real upshot
of the article is "May you live in interesting times".
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-06-03 19:25:53
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: to The Atlantic 
The NSA has not admitted that it can break DES, but there is plenty of evidence that 0.01% of its budget would be enough to build a machine to break it.
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-06-04 16:25:17
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: Pedophiles in Cybersp 
Me too.  The growth of non-centralized transfer of information will certainly bring about more democracy in the world (and thus, less
war).  Even the presence of large flame wars would not totally diminish the emergence of cooperation.  E.g., in WWI, trench warfare
dragged on because the soldiers on each side started to cooperate
in a sort of subliminal way: trench soldiers from either side would
develop a pattern of engagement that created a status quo where no
one would get killed.  This cooperation trend is eliminated by constantly swapping in new soldiers--this depersonifies the enemy
and makes it easier to shoot to kill.  (I think this same effect is also seen in police beats--if the local cop gets really friendly, s/he starts cooperating with the people s/he is protecting rather than being completely objective.  From the "authority and control" perspective, this makes the cop corruptable.  the direct needs (however unfair--it is more personal) of the citizens.)
I mention "interesting times" since the transition to new freedoms
does not occur without a fight from the side that loses some of
its control.  Overall, the effect of personifying people's enemies (proportionally less slanted, centrally transmitted news) should have a positive impact. Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-06-04 16:43:16
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: NYT article 
Does anyone find the following somewhat distorted:  "...White House
and Justice Department officials have argued forcefully that is a necessary information-age compromise between the constitutional
right to privacy and the *traditional* powers of law enforcement
officials."   [my emphasis]  If wiretapping laws were passed in 1968, I don't consider that *traditional*.  Is Markoff speaking
about surveillance in exceedingly general terms?
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-06-09 11:14:08
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: GPS encryption of low order bits 
I don't know how they encrypt the "low order bits", but I do know that
it isn't a show-stopper.  Trimble Navigation makes GPS devices
that, once calibrated by a known position, are centimeter accurate.
This is done *without* a ground signal (an older technique around the GPS crippling).
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-06-13 15:14:13
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: Traffic Analysis papers, where? 
The pointer to oml at eloka.demon.co.uk died due to bounced mail (bounced after 32 days!).  Does anyone have other pointers to papers on
traffic analysis?
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-06-30 17:24:18
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: ANI 800 number 
The number I have no longer works.  Too bad, since I found it useful
to find out what number I'm dialing out on (rarely needed, but handy
when necessary).
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-10 11:16:55
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: NYT op-ed May 8 
I just tuned-in last night...Has anyone discussed the NYT op-ed by David Gelernter (associate prof. at Yale)?  It was accompanied by a
comic "the first wiretap" and Gelernter says common sense dictates
that wiretaps be preserved and he wants the digital telephony bill
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-10 16:50:57
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: NYT op-ed May 8 
I'm writing up a response to the Gelernter e[Ad[Bitorial and have the following
notes...if you have any comments, please send me mail so I can revise and
add to the argument. Also, I recall an NSA spokesperson said something
that amounted to an admission that Clipper would not stop the smart
terrorist or somesuch in response to a question at a press conference.
Does anyone know what snippet that is (unfortunately, my archive tapes
are inaccessible right now). This would be a nice quote to include.
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com
What Gelernter does not mention:
We have wiretaps today and he still got bombed.  (I deplore the Ludite terrorist who allegedly did the bombing and I am not
unaffected by this in circuitous ways...)
Some crimes are always hard to stop, regardless of technology.  Note
that arson and serial murders still happen and we have a free society.
Only a police state would mitigate such crimes, but who would guard the
guards? The real decision that people need to make about privacy regards
balance of power.  Privacy is power.  Setting up laws that require
privacy to be violable for all time to come is giving up the most
important non-enumerated right.
People who live under oppressive governments need privacy.  There is no guarantee that the U.S. government will never abuse its power.
The digital telephony bill and Clipper initiative, if both are passed,
will pave the way for desktop wiretaps.  A warrant could be requested
and granted by a judge by electronic mail and then the wiretap itself
could be turned on remotely. It could be accomplished in minutes after
the required forms are filled out.  Wiretaps will become cheaper and faster.  This will be very tempting to abuse.
Remember that Nixon kept a list of enemies and had them wiretapped.  This brings into question the whole warrant issuing process and has
nothing to do with technology.
If Clipper is used widely one day, the first time a terrorist blows up a building and uses unbreakable encryption in order to pull it off, the
government will not be able to resist a new effort to ban cryptography.
Since neither the Digital Telephony bill or Clipper will stop the smart
terrorist, it is only a matter of time.
Cryptography amounts to inventing a private language.  A ban on
cryptography would thus violate the First Amendment.  As people conduct more of their life on the information superhighway, privacy will become more important over time. The passing of the digital telephony bill put in place cheap mechanisms for spying
on citizens that a corrupt government could use.

@_date: 1994-05-11 10:07:25
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: MIT TOC SEMINAR--ADI SHAMIR--MONDAY--MAY 16--4:15pm 
I'm very curious as to how humans can directly decode encrypted
pictures.  Do they stare at it for 10 minutes and go "ah, there
it is". Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-11 10:42:19
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: Here they come... 
Kill files should always be personal.  If you want to find out more about
my ideas on information filtering, see netcom.com:/ftp/peb/ifilter*.
The idea that libertarians on the net are giving up to regulation is
crazy.  People get all worked up because they don't have good filtering or have poor newsreaders or slow data transfer...it is mostly technical.  Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-18 14:58:33
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: quantum Computing 
Seth Lloyd has an interesting paper, "A Potentially Realizable
Quantum Computer", available at ftp.santafe.edu (I don't know the exact path).  It is based on a cellular automata material
that receives pulsed/phased array strobing light.  It uses
reversible logic so it dissipates little energy.  As I understand
the proposal assumes future materials and manufacturing abilities, although Lloyd says that quantum dots may be the right direction.
As gtoal mentions, the P vs. NP question is speculative.  My intuition is that the many worlds hypothesis will not be a holy grail of computation (because similar theories about
faster than light communcation ended up not being useable
due to very low level conservation rules).
Then again, we may be surprised.
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-18 16:45:41
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: Caller ID info... 
Strange reasoning.  Why not use the "*70" style code that turns it off for one call, just as *70 disables call waiting for modem use?
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-18 17:30:57
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: FW: James Fallows on Clipper 
Re: The Atlantic, June 1994.
The article is another "Nothing to Worry About".  The article unfortunately
occurs in the same issue that has a feature article about the possibility of Russian gangs obtaining nuclear weapons which also
details how the coup attempt was observed by the NSA and Bush
decided to let the good guys know so that the attempt could be
thwarted.  The NSA opposed letting them know since it would reveal their abilities, but Bush took the chance that this was
not as bad as having a bunch of hardliners controllng the big
bombs.  This feature article will certainly give people the
impression that crypto must be controlled or is at least a
very important millitary matter.
Now the NSA can't listen in, the article reported, but who knows
what they've done since then. I hope to write a letter responding to Fallows' article, but
right off I noticed some errors: he states that the millitary
and intelligence services will use Clipper themselves when in
fact, it would not be approved for secret information. (Recently
someone noted that this is probably due to the key handling methods, but it could certainly be due to escrow itself as being risky.)
Additionally, he brushes aside the accepted cryptographic methods
(open inspection and testing) as being frivolous.  (This seems
to be a result of the NSA envy and pride runs through the article.)
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-19 11:07:09
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: Patent infringement (fwd) 
I don't see how having a key on netcom is a problem; the key itself
cannot infringe on a patent.
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-23 14:23:18
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: Bruce Sterling's talk at CFP 
Let me guess...is Wired going to run Sterling's talk (or a variant thereof) to counter Baker's 6.5 lies about false myths about Clipper?
I happy to see that he skewered the pedophile boogeyman, but...
Sterling plays right into their hands when he goes on about terrorist
governments, etc.  The Clipper debate is about U.S. citizens and internal policy--not about how we shouldn't be worried about our
government because it isn't as totalitarian as others.  That's all
besides the point because the cat is already out of the bag and
there is nothing to stop it--the NSA can merely slow down the use
(expansion) of encryption at the cost of lost profits to U.S. Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-30 14:29:21
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: NSA Helped Yeltsin Foil 1991 Coup 
The author's source did not reveal the nature of the intercept...it
could have been through a direct bug.  However, the article does
give the impression that the coup leaders believed they were secure, so apparently they took some steps toward privacy.
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-05-30 18:04:20
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: to The Atlantic 
Here is my final draft to the editor of The Atlantic in response to the June '94 article by James Fallows entitled "Open Secrets".
Editor The Atlantic 745 Boylston St.  Boston, MA  02116
May 20, 1994
In James Fallows' article "Open Secrets" (June 1994), the Clipper chip
and Digital Telephony bill are discussed with admirable clarity.  The
presentation of public key cryptography is the best I have seen for a
lay audience. However, some incorrect implications from the article
might be assumed unless several additional facts are pointed out.
Government use of the Clipper chip is approved by the NSA for the
transmission of non-secret information. The article gives the
impression that Clipper is so strong that military and intelligence
services would use it, but this is not so.  Given this, concern is
warranted about Clipper's actual degree of security or about possible
secret back-doors.
The 50,000 people who supported an Internet petition against Clipper
were concerned about the classified nature of the algorithm.  The Open
Secrets article brushes this aside as an apparent distrust of
bureaucracy. In actuality, cryptographers have always maintained that
no cryptosystem can be trusted unless it is openly developed and
tested.  This is based on mathematical and programmatic aspects of
cryptography that are ubiquitously used in mathematical proofs and
software testing.  In the absence of this open development, the only
thing citizens can do is trust the NSA, an organization that is not
directly accountable to citizens.  However, the NSA has major
incentives to support cryptosystems which are breakable only by their
organization without using the escrow keys.  A back door is difficult
to recognize even in a non-secret algorithm, but in a secret algorithm
it is essentially impossible to determine.  (Historically, the NSA has
backed encryption technology that it can break; the DES algorithm it
approved for commercial usage is breakable by the NSA.)
The FBI has never released statistics about how they are thwarted by
encryption technology or by digital telephony.  How can a citizen judge
the need for Clipper and the Digital Telephony bill without such
The Digital Telephony bill broadly defines telephone technology and
even imposes exorbitant fines on private telephone systems that do not
implement remote wiretapping capabilities.  Since any multimedia
computer today can be turned into a telephone by simply adding
software, will this law have an unintended effect on individuals?  The
Digital Telephony bill will make wiretaps cheaper to implement because
the consumer pays for the implementation.  Since spying is limited by
economics, this bill could increase the extent to which wiretapping is
abused.  And finally, it should be mentioned that the first NIST press
release on the Clipper chip said that citizens do not have a right to
unbreakable encryption.  Thus, the administration started off with the
goal of restricting encryption and only after opposition did they start
saying Clipper was voluntary.  Given their original intentions, which
challenge the First Amendment, there is reason to be concerned.

@_date: 1995-02-03 09:28:27
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: THROUGH THE LOOKING GLASS 
Recently a relative of mine was battered/assulted in a park.  The
perp, after a personal item broke, called a friend at the police on his cel phone and an officer charged my relative for assault! The perp is also trying to sue for damages.  The relative is nearly at retirement age and the perp had 3 large attack dogs at the time.
This is a bad cop with a vindictive mentality and the court so far believes the cop. (My relative should be suing for psychological damages
after weeks of nightmares about being attacked and then betrayed
by the police and fear of retribution for pursuing justice.  This
is a very expensive process in money, time and emotions.)
A personal recording of what happened would make a lot of difference.
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-01-07 11:19:20
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: TEMPEST Questions... 
Grady Ward wrote an article on implementing something like TEMPEST
("something like" means that it was not derived from classified
documents).  I can't seem to find my copy of his text and it doesn't appear anymore at netcom:/ftp/pub/gr/grady...Anyyone have a pointer
to this?
This article is definitely the most practical and comprehensive that
I've seen on this subject.
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com
peb at eng.sun.com

@_date: 1995-01-30 10:03:37
@_author: Paul E. Baclace 
@_subject: How to TEMPEST for less 
Here is the article on EME reduction (a.k.a TEMPEST in a colloquial
sense). This is what you do after you encrypt your sensitive communications, use a crypto file system and shred, soak and
blend your sensitive papers before throwing them out...
Paul E. Baclace
peb at netcom.com
Preventing Electromagnetic Eavesdropping
NOTE: Even though the author of this document uses the term "TEMPEST" at
      various points, he certifies that his text consists of general
      concepts to reduce electromagnetic emissions, and was not based on any
      actual TEMPEST specifications or data.  Further questions on this topic
      should be directed to the author, "grady at netcom.com".
Eavesdropping on personal computers is not limited to looking over the
shoulder of the operator or physically tapping in to an Ethernet cable.
U.S. Government standards relating to the prevention of information capture
via the emission of electromagnetic radiation from computers and peripherals
are known as TEMPEST.  However, actual TEMPEST specifications are classified.
TEMPEST aside, there are inexpensive and easily applied means for
individuals to minimize unintentional emissions from equipment.  My document
"Preventing Electromagnetic Eavesdropping," discusses these techniques.
Grady Ward   Preventing Electromagnetic Eavesdropping
A note discussing the prevention of electromagnetic eavesdropping
of personal computers.
Grady Ward   public key verification by PK server, finger, or by request
Version 1.0   22 March 93
TEMPEST is the code name for technology related to limiting unwanted
electromagnetic emissions from data processing and related equipment.
Its goal is to limit an opponent's capability to collect information about
the internal data flow of computer equipment. Most information concerning
TEMPEST specifications is classified by the United States Government and
is not available for use by its citizens.
The reason why TEMPEST technology is particularly important for
computers and other data processing equipment is the kinds of signals
components in a computer use to talk to each other ("square waves") and
their clock speeds (measured in megahertz) produce a particularly rich set
of unintentional signals in a wide portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Because the spurious emissions occupy so wide a portion of that spectrum,
technologies used to block one portion of the spectrum (as pulling the shades closed on a window to stop the visible light portion) are not necessarily
effective in another portion.
Unintentional emissions from a computer system can be captured and
processed to reveal information about the target systems from simple
levels of activity to even remotely copying keystrokes or capturing
monitor information. It is speculated that poorly protected systems can
be effectively monitored up to the order of one kilometer from the target
This note will examine some practical aspects of reducing the
susceptibility of your personal computer equipment to remote monitoring
using easily-installed, widely available after-market components.
   I
One way of looking at TEMPEST from the lay person's point-of-view is
that it is virtually identical to the problem of preventing electromagnetic
interference ("EMI") by your computer system to others' radios, televisions,
or other consumer electronics. That is, preventing the emission of wide-band
radio "hash" from your computers, cabling, and peripherals both prevents
interference to you and your neighbors television set and limits the useful
signal available to a person surreptitiously monitoring.
Viewing the problem in this light, there are quite a few useful documents
available form the government and elsewhere attacking this problem and
providing a wealth of practical solutions and resources. Very useful for the
lay person are:
Radio Frequency Interference: How to Find It and Fix It. Ed Hare, KA1CV
and Robert Schetgen, KU7G, editors
The American Radio Relay League, Newington , CT
ISBN 0-87259-375-4  (c) 1991, second printing 1992
Federal Communications Commission Interference Handbook FCC Consumers Assistance Branch
Gettysburg, PA  17326
MIL-STD-188-124B in preparation
(includes information on military shielding of tactical communications systems)
Superintendent of Documents
US Government Printing Office
Washington, DC  20402
Information on shielding a particular piece of consumer electronic equipment may be available from the:
Electronic Industries Association (EIA)
2001 Pennsylvania Ave NW
Washington, DC  20006
Preventing unintended electromagnetic emissions is a relative term.
It is not feasible to reduce to zero all unintended emissions. My personal
goal, for example, might be to reduce the amount and quality of spurious
emission until the monitoring van a kilometer away would have to be in my
front yard before it could effectively eavesdrop on my computer. Apartment
dwellers with unknown neighbors only inches away (through a wall) might
want to even more carefully adopt as many of the following suggestions as
possible since signal available for detection decreases as approximately the
inverse square of the distance from the monitoring equipment to your computer.
   II
   Start with computer equipment that meets modern standards for emission.
In the United States, the "quietest" standard for computers and peripherals
is known as the "class B" level. (Class A level is a less stringent standard
for computers to be use in a business environment.).
You want to verify that all computers and peripherals you use meet the class
B standard which permits only one-tenth the power of spurious emissions than
the class A standard. If you already own computer equipment with an FCC ID,
you can find out which standard applies. Contact the FCC Consumers Assistance
Branch at 1-717-337-1212 for details in accessing their database.
Once you own good equipment, follow the manufacturer's recommendations for
preserving the shielding integrity of the system. Don't operated the system
with the cover off and keep "slot covers" in the back of the computer in
   III
   Use only shielded cable for all system interconnections.
A shielded cable surrounds the core of control wires with a metal braid or
foil to keep signals confined to that core. In the late seventies it was common
to use unshielded cable such as "ribbon" cable to connect the computer with, say, a diskette drive. Unshielded cable acts just like an antenna for signals
generated by your computer and peripherals. Most computer manufacturer
supply shielded cable for use with their computers in order to meet FCC
standards. Cables bought from third-parties are an unknown and should be
avoided (unless you are willing to take one apart to see for yourself!)
Try to avoid a "rat's nest" of wire and cabling behind your equipment and
by keeping all cables as short as possible. You want to reduced the length of
unintended antennas and to more easily predict the likely paths of electric
and magnetic coupling from cable to cable so that it can be more effectively
   IV
   Block radiation from the power cord(s) into the house wiring.
Most computers have an EMI filter built into their body where the AC
line cord enters the power supply. This filter is generally insufficient to
prevent substantial re-radiation of EMI voltages back into the power wiring
of your house and neighborhood. To reduce the power retransmitted down
the AC power cords of your equipment, plug them in to special EMI filters
that are in turn plugged into the wall socket. I use a model 475-3
overvoltage and EMI filter manufactured by
Industrial Communication Engineers, Ltd.
P.O. Box 18495
Indianapolis, IN  46218-0495
ask for their package of free information sheets
(AC and other filters mentioned in this note are available from a wide
variety of sources including, for example, Radio Shack. I am enthusiastic
about ICE because of the "over-designed" quality of their equipment.
Standard disclaimers apply.)
This particular filter from ICE is specified to reduce retransmission of
EMI by a factor of at least 1000 in its high-frequency design range. Although
ideally every computer component using an AC line cord ought to be filtered,
it is especially important for the monitor and computer CPU to be filtered in
this manner as the most useful information available to opponents is believed
to come from these sources.
   V
   Block retransmitted information from entering your fax/modem or    telephone line.
Telephone line is generally very poorly shielded. EMI  from your computer
can be retransmitted directly into the phone line through your modem or can
be unintentionally picked up by the magnetic portion of the EMI spectrum
through magnetic induction from power supplies or the yoke of your cathode
ray tube "CRT" monitor.
To prevent direct retransmission, EMI filters are specifically designed for
modular telephone jacks to mount at the telephone or modem, and for
mounting directly at the service entrance to the house.
Sources of well-designed telephone-line filter products include ICE
(address above) and
Box 82
Randolph, OH  44265
Your phone company or telephone manufacturer may be able to supply
you with free modular filters, although the design frequencies of these
filters may not be high enough to be effective through much of the EMI spectrum of interest. Keep telephone lines away from power supplies of
computers or peripherals and the rear of CRTs:  the magnetic field often
associated with those device can inductively transfer to unshielded lines
just as if the telephone line were directly electrically connected to them. Since this kind of coupling decreases rapidly with distance, this kind of
magnetic induction can be virtually eliminated by keeping as much distance
(several feet or more) as possible between the power supply/monitor yoke
and cabling.
   VI
   Use ferrite toroids and split beads to prevent EMI from escaping on
   the surface of your cables.
Ferrites are magnetic materials that,  for certain ranges of EMI
frequencies, attenuate the EMI by causing it to spend itself in heat in
the material rather than continuing down the cable. They can be applied
without cutting the cable by snapping together a "split bead" form over
a thick cable such as a power cord or by threading  thinner cable such as
telephone several times around the donut-shaped ferrite form. Every cable
leaving your monitor, computer, mouse, keyboard, and other computer
peripherals should have at least one ferrite core attentuator. Don't forget
the telephone lines from your fax, modem, telephone or the unshielded DC
power cord to your modem. Ferrites are applied as close to the EMI emitting
device as possible so as to afford the least amount of cable that can act as
an antenna for the EMI.
Good sources for ferrite split beads and toroids include
Amidon Associates, Inc.
P.O. Box 956
Torrance, CA  90508
(ask for their free information sheet)
Palomar Engineers
P.O. Box 462222
Escondido, CA  92046
(ask for their free RFI information sheet)
and Radio Shack.
   VII
   Other practical remedies.
Other remedies that are somewhat more difficult to correctly apply
include providing a good EMI "ground" shield for your computer equipment
and other more intrusive filters such as bypass capacitor filters.
You probably ought not to think about adding bypass capacitors unless you
are familiar with electronic circuits and digital design. While quite
effective, added improperly to the motherboard or cabling of a computer they
can "smooth out" the square wave digital waveform -- perhaps to the extent
that signals are interpreted erroneously causing mysterious "crashes" of
your system. In other cases, bypass capacitors can cause unwanted parasitic
oscillation on the transistorized output drivers of certain circuits which
could damage or destroy those circuits in the computer or peripherals. Also,
unlike ferrite toroids, adding capacitors requires actually physically
splicing them in or soldering them into circuits. This opens up the
possibility of electric shock, damage to other electronic components or
voiding the warranty on the computer equipment.
A good EMI ground is difficult to achieve. Unlike an electrical safety
ground, such as the third wire in a three-wire AC power system, the EMI
ground must operate effectively over a much wider part of the EMI spectrum.
This effectiveness is related to a quality known as electrical impedance. You
desire to reduce the impedance to as low a value as possible over the entire
range of EMI frequencies. Unlike the AC safety ground, important factors in achieving low impedance
include having as short a lead from the equipment to a good EMI earth ground
as possible (must be just a few feet); the gauge of the connecting lead (the
best EMI ground lead is not wire but woven grounding "strap" or wide copper
flashing sheets; and the physical coupling of the EMI into the actual earth
ground. An 8 ft. copper-plated ground may be fine for AC safety ground, but
may present appreciable impedance resistance to an EMI voltage. Much better
would be to connect a network of six to eight copper pipes arranged in a
six-foot diameter circle driven in a foot or two into the ground,
electrically bonded together with heavy ground strap and connected to the
equipment to be grounded via a short (at most, several feet), heavy (at
least 3/4-1" wide) ground strap.
If you can achieve a good EMI ground, then further shielding possibilities
open up for you such as surrounding your monitor and computer equipment in a
wire-screen Faraday cage. You want to use mesh rather than solid sheet
because you must preserve the free flow of cooling air to your equipment.
Buy aluminum (not nylon) screen netting at your local hardware store. This
netting typically comes in rolls 36" wide by several feet long. Completely
surround your equipment you want to reduce the EMI being careful to make
good electrical bonds between the different panels of netting and your good
earth ground. I use stainless steel nuts, bolts, and lock washers along with
special non-oxidizing electrical paste (available from Electrical
contractors supply houses or from ICE) to secure my ground strapping to my
net "cages".  A good Faraday cage will add several orders of magnitude of
EMI attenuation to your system.
   VIII
   Checking the effectiveness of your work.
It is easy to get a general feeling about the effectiveness of your EMI
shielding work with an ordinary portable AM radio. Bring it very close to
the body of your computer and its cables in turn. Ideally, you should not
hear an increased level of static. If you do hear relatively more at one
cable than at another, apply more ferrite split beads or obtain better
shielded cable for this component. The practice of determining what kind of
operating system code is executing by listening to a nearby AM radio is
definitely obsolete for an well-shielded EMI-proof system!
To get an idea of the power and scope of your magnetic field emissions, an
ordinary compass is quite sensitive in detecting fields. Bring a compass
within a few inches of the back of your monitor and see whether it is
deflected. Notice that the amount of deflection decreases rapidly with
distance. You want to keep cables away from magnetic sources about as far as
required not to see an appreciable deflection on the compass.
   VIIII
   Summary
If you start with good, shielded equipment that has passed the FCC level B
emission standard then you are off to a great start. You may even be able to
do even better with stock OEM equipment by specifying "low-emission"
monitors that have recently come on the market in response to consumer fears
of extremely low frequency ("ELF") and other electromagnetic radiation.
Consistently use shielded cables, apply filtering and ferrite toroids to all
cabling entering or leaving your computer equipment. Finally, consider a
good EMI ground and Faraday cages. Beyond this there are even more effective
means of confining the electrical and magnetic components of your system
through the use of copper foil adhesive tapes, conductive paint sprays, "mu
metal" and other less common components.
Copyright (c) 1993 by Grady Ward. All Rights Reserved.
Permission is granted for free electronic distribution.
