
@_date: 1995-12-12 14:04:33
@_author: Robichaux, Paul E 
@_subject: ViaCrypt supports CKE in PGP 
In today's mailbox I got a pack of marketing slicks from ViaCrypt. They're about to release ViaCrypt PGP 4.0 in two editions: Personal and Business. The 4.0 release adds some nice new features:
The biggie, though, are these:
recipient (option)"
Access Key (option)"
So, real CKE will soon be available from an unexpected source. I'm not sure whether to be excited or dismayed. On the one hand, any movement towards CKE seems dangerously close to the slippery slope of GAK. On the other hand, I know a large corp like Intergraph is much more likely to license PGP for internal use if it has CKE features-- especially since they can hold the keys internally. The DLL is an awfully nice feature, too.
Paul Robichaux, KD4JZG | perobich at ingr.com
Intergraph Corporation   | Be a cryptography user.  | Not speaking for Intergraph
Co-author, "Building Internet Appls With Visual C++", Que Books

@_date: 1995-12-15 07:10:23
@_author: Robichaux, Paul E 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
Not. As of 12/1/95, the FCC requires all cellular carriers (and IXCs for that matter) to transmit ANI & CLID information, even on cellular calls. BellSouth thoughtfully put a notice in my last two monthly bills, but then again I think the FCC required that too.
Paul Robichaux, KD4JZG | perobich at ingr.com
Intergraph Corporation   | Be a cryptography user.  | Not speaking for Intergraph
Co-author, "Building Internet Appls With Visual C++", Que Books

@_date: 1996-02-16 17:49:42
@_author: Robichaux, Paul E 
@_subject: Some thoughts on the Chinese Net 
I would suggest that the Chinese solution to these problems is singular, and simple: the total inability to conduct any transaction anonymously.
My guess would instead be that the Chinese would register IP addresses to individuals. The precedent's been set already with registration of photocopiers, typewriters, and mimeograph machines. As Perry pointed out, RSA-signing each and every packet would be prohibitive. Assuming that their real interest is in controlling diffusion of information to and from the 'net-- and not moderating what goes on in the Chinese intranet (or inter-intra-net, I guess) I think address registration would be a logical first step.
The simple portion is a national (Chinese) database associating true names with key IDs. These keys will be usable only to sign documents, not to encrypt information, similar to the Federal DSS.
If the binding is instead true name <-> IP address, then the censors drop, block, delay, or spoof packets from thoughtcriminals instead of refusing to sign them. This avoids both the signature overhead and the expenditure of hard currency on gwai lo.
Now that all information has a recognizable source, dissidents in China can be arrested, and unacceptable information never makes it into the Registering IP addresses of course won't block out thoughtcrime originating outside China, but unless everyone else adopts the packet signing scheme you outline the censors will still have to filter incoming material semi-manually. As far as I can tell their government is at least as interested in keeping things in as they are keeping out the Four Horsemen.

@_date: 1996-02-22 20:03:23
@_author: Robichaux, Paul E 
@_subject: Big Java security hole 
Forwarded to me by a fellow webmaster; I don't know the original source.
We have discovered a serious security problem with Netscape Navigator's 2.0
Java implementation.  (The problem is also present in the 1.0 release of the
Java Development Kit from Sun.)  An applet is normally allowed to connect
only to the host from which it was loaded.  However, this restriction is not
properly enforced.  A malicious applet can open a connection to an arbitrary
host on the Internet.  At this point, bugs in any TCP/IP-based network
service can be exploited.  We have implemented (as a proof of concept) an
exploitation of an old sendmail bug.
If the user viewing the applet is behind a firewall, this attack can
be used against any other machine behind the same firewall.  The
firewall will fail to defend against attacks on internal networks,
because the attack originates behind the firewall.
The immediate fix for this problem is to disable Java from Netscape's
"Security Preferences" dialog.  An HTTP proxy server could also
disable Java applets by refusing to fetch Java ".class" files.  We've
sent a more detailed description of this bug to CERT, Sun, and
A second, also serious, bug exists in javap, the bytecode
disassembler.  An overly long method name can overflow a stack
allocated buffer, potentially causing arbitrary native code to be
executed.  The problem is an unchecked sprintf() call, just like the
syslog(3) problem last year.  Many such bugs were in the alpha 3
release's runtime, but were carefully fixed in the beta release.  The
disassembler bug apparently slipped through.  This attack only works
on users who disassemble applets.  The fix is to not run javap until
Sun releases a patch.
Note that we've only had success in exploiting the first flaw on an SGI.
Windows 95 and DEC Alpha versions of Netscape have other bugs in their
socket implementations that make it harder (although not necessarily
impossible) to exploit the problem.  This is the second time that unrelated
implementation bugs have prevented us from demonstrating security problems
in Java.
 will contain more information
soon, including a revised version of our paper, to appear in the 1996
IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy.
Drew Dean       Ed Felten       Dan Wallach       Department of Computer Science, Princeton University
For more information, please contact Ed Felten, 609-258-5906, FAX Travis Weller               WebMaster, Metrowerks, Inc.
tcweller at metrowerks.com

@_date: 1996-02-26 05:49:03
@_author: Robichaux, Paul E 
@_subject: REM_ote 
Alex Strasheim said:
The Simple Internet Version Control (SIVC, pronounced "civic") protocol does just this. See  for details. SIVC is popular on the Mac, but I don't know if it's been put up as an RFC.

@_date: 1996-03-17 01:27:12
@_author: Robichaux, Paul E 
@_subject: Leahy bill, legalize crypto 
Tim May said:
The restriction on using encryption on the ham bands is an outgrowth of the world-wide spectrum allocation process. Spectrum's allocated by the International Telecommunications Union (ITU); every four years, the World Amateur Radio Council (WARC) meets to go over existing allocations. Sometimes hams lose (as when the 220MHz band went away) and sometimes they The ITU accords were originally signed around WW I, when use of encryption on the radio bands was of great concern. The whole licensing system is based on the concept of an Amateur Radio _Service_, whose operators are licensed by the FCC to use a "public" resource. Said use is restricted by international treaties to which the US is a signatory.
The difference here is that the courts have upheld government restrictions on broadcast spectrum because it's a scarce resource. In the special case of encryption on ham bands, no one's ever even challenged the restriction AFAIK. As Duncan Frissell has preached here many times, bandwidth is no longer as scarce, so I think a constitutional challenge to an encryption ban would probably be workable.

@_date: 1996-03-27 03:41:12
@_author: Robichaux, Paul E 
@_subject: Remailer restrictions: coming soon to your burg? 
Josh Quitter recounts the sorry tale of a small-town city councilman whose phone number got attached to one of those phone-sex ads in alt.binaries.*. See  for full details.
So, what does the councilman do? From the article:
resolution asking the state
remailers to operate
achieved one of these
can track it,"
Just like with "communications decency", watch out at the local level.
