
@_date: 1995-08-01 08:42:52
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: a hole in PGP 
This is not correct as you have phrased it.
Although it is not possible to find a decision proceedure for any
non-trivial property of programs in general (whether it halts, for
example) in practice well written code can be well understood and
cannot conceal very much at all.
In order to use public key cryptography to obfuscate a program as you
suggest, you'd have to include huge tables of large numbers in it. Any
idiot can observe the existance of such mysterious tables.
Trying to conceal anything in cleanly written code is an enormous
challenge, and one that has nothing to do with public key crypto per
Incidently, this doesn't mean that you can't conceal things by
producing subtle flaws in, for example, random number generation code.
However, such flaws are hardly of the form "nobody else is *ever*
going to find" -- anyone being extremely cautious in his analysis will
find such flaws.

@_date: 1995-08-01 14:20:33
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Attacks on PGP 
Were it not for the fact that others are doing the job better than I,
I'd be compelled to enter into the fray myself...
And frankly, I've long been forced to install filtering on virtually
every list "Dr." Cohen shows up on. He rarely has much of value to say

@_date: 1995-08-02 08:39:00
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Provably Correct Crypto? 
Not long ago "Dr." Cohen was in a flame war with me (on bugtraq) in
which he claimed exactly the opposite of everything he's claiming here

@_date: 1995-08-03 08:17:06
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Transport Layer Security (Was: Re: "Cypherpunks Write Code" as a Putdown) 
By the way, I'm very disappointed that this sort of topic doesn't come
up here more often. I perceive that it may be because lots of people
on this list are cyphergroupies and not actually tuned in to the
technical issues of securing every-day communication.
                                           ^^^^????
The people building the new routing protocols (BGP, OSPF, etc) have
included cryptographic security provisions in them that will work
regardless of whether IPSEC is available. Some of these have to be
hand configured but thats not actually a problem since peering in many
of these systems has to be hand configured in the first place. I had a
long talk with the Area Director for routing and such in the bar at
the last IETF meeting and he gave me the impression the routing people
are acutely aware of the problem and hope to assure that it disappears
with time.
Given cryptographic security on the routing packets, denial of service
attacks directed against routing become hard. Photuris has built in
protection against denial of service against it, by the way.
With luck, we will be down to dealing with very crude denial of
service attacks like packet flooding and hopefully we can come up with
reasonable mechanisms to stop them in the ordinary case.
PS Again, I strongly encourage people to get involved in the efforts
to secure the internet with IPSEC, MOSS and similar things. WE NEED YOU!

@_date: 1995-08-03 09:37:01
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Noise: PBS under the Republicans (fwd) 
What, exactly, does this have to do with cryptography?

@_date: 1995-08-03 13:14:24
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Did Clinton Authorize Electronic Warfare Against Davidians? (fwd) 
No, it doesn't belong, and deliberately being a jerk by posting the
whole thing with a "does this belong at the beginning" isn't a way to
win friends and influence people.
I'm beginning to wonder if the conspiracy idiots on this list are here
from the NSA to keep any real work getting done. Are there any
cypherpunks left here, or is it all just cryptogroupies?
Some of us want to see cryptography deployed, not conspiracy theories
about Waco, Vincent Foster, or your mother.

@_date: 1995-08-04 05:46:47
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: FIPS number for SHA - The Next Generation 
Since I last asked a while back, have the folks at NIST published a
new version of the SHA FIPS with the small modifications made to it to
"repair" the defect?  I need the information for an RFC that is being
submitted to the RFC editor today so its kind of important...

@_date: 1995-08-04 06:10:51
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel 
I do, but not as strongly. The language is much more constrained and
actually does have a lot of the evil bits ripped clear out (or at
least they could be ripped out.)

@_date: 1995-08-04 14:38:53
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: IPng6, SWIPE, ssh, etc. 
The implementation efforts are in full swing. At the last IETF meeting
in Stockholm, Steve Crocker challenged the community to have IPSEC in
place and available in time for the Dallas meeting in December. There
is now a mailing list for those actively working on the implementation
efforts and a good deal of effort is being expended. In fact, I took
off this month more or less so that I could work full time on
The actual RFCs were submitted to the RFC editor over the last day or
so, so there should be real RFCs to quote shortly. However, for the
moment, check out draft-ietf-ipsec-* in the nearest internet-drafts
depository. ds.internic.net:/internet-drafts/ is probably a reasonable
You don't need to use IPv6 for the security, by the way -- its defined
to work on either. If you want, of course, I'm sure the v6 folks would
love a Linux v6 stack to show up soon...

@_date: 1995-08-07 07:23:04
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Encrypted internet traffic to Singapore?? 
Probably for the next month or so since IPSEC implementations aren't
out. (Well, actually, Morningstar is already reportedly offering them
to selected test customers but that might not be true -- in any case
they can't export.) swIPe won't do what you want out of the box
anyway, though.
Doubtful, but I believe swIPe is on overseas sites already.
None you care to use.

@_date: 1995-08-07 20:28:55
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Triple-DES controlled? 
I have not heard of export licenses being granted for 3DES.
However, why do you care? As a person from a reasonably free country
you can just get the DES code from Finland or any one of dozens of
other sites outside the US.

@_date: 1995-08-07 21:07:22
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Triple-DES controlled? 
There is the trivial solution of buying outside the US. The hardware
is actually better these days as the Germans and others have a
worldwide market and the economies that brings.

@_date: 1995-08-08 05:48:32
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: proving programs correct 
A boss of mine at Bellcore, and a very smart guy (B. Gopinath) once
mentioned to me that (with the exception of scheme) he'd never seen a
set of formal semantics for a language that were smaller than the
largest program one would care to write in the language. He was, of
course, slightly exagerating for effect, but his point was very
simple: you can't even get the basis on which to write your proofs
An interesting experience happened during the same project, as I
recall: we attempted to prove a small bit of code correct.
Unfortunately, the proof had a bug in it which meshed nicely with a
bug in the program and a bug in the implementation. Proofs are no less
large complicated formal constructs than programs are, and checking
them is no less onerous, unless they are written in formal logic in
which case they are not possible for human beings to produce.

@_date: 1995-08-08 19:44:09
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Once Upon a Midnight Dreary 
I see that you didn't succeed in learning much in the third grade
about reading. The letters "c y p h e r p u n k s" do not spell
I would suggest "Hooked on Phonics" or some similar remedial reading

@_date: 1995-08-09 06:53:07
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Only 1/3 of Government Computers Down So Far 
Was the message that this isn't "FosterPunks" unclear the first
seventy times?

@_date: 1995-08-09 18:35:44
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Only 1/3 of Government Computers Down So Far 
So, the question is this: do people want to follow the standard "ooh,
lets shudder at the conspiracy theories" track, and fall flat on their
faces, or do they want to see cryptography implemented and widely
The noise levels on this list have driven most of the important crypto
types off it. People like Phil Karn and Steve Bellovin, who actually
implement stuff, aren't here any more. Instead, we have a vast flood
of ciphergroupies who love to post the latest funny bit they found on
the net, discuss whether David Koresh was being unfairly persecuted,
and how many bits of toe lint they found last week.
What we used to have was the cafe where the politically motivated
cryptographers hung out and gossiped. Now we have an open sewer in
which the occassional pearl still floats, and the cryptographers are
mostly gone.
Those of us who want to discuss cryptography here have been displaced.
If your goal is to impede communication about cryptography, you've
admirably succeeded. You've cut off one more place where people were
discussing how to deploy real-world solutions.
Tim May is wrong. I don't care what you call a "cypherpunk" -- thats
your business. However, the useful people *are* the people who write
code, spend long hours working to get standards implemented, work
lobbying in Congress, etc. Those of you who just rant, like Tim, were
very useful two years ago, but its getting rather thin listening to
you guys make it impossible to discuss real work while you blather.
(Sorry, Tim. However, as long as you are going to call me "abusive" I
might as well speak my mind. If you are going to do the time, might as
well do the crime.)
Actually, what you've been posting has been even below the standards
of journalistic integrity (i.e. few) that you find on a Pacifica radio
I don't even care if all the conspiracies are real. Isn't what is out
in the open enough? If the invasions of privacy that the government
acknowledges and the crap like Clipper that they try to foist on us
isn't horrifying enough, what weak-assed conspiracy theory that
someone came up with while tripping is going to do it for you.
Reality is frightening enough. FINCEN is real. The NSA really spied on
people at least until the congressional hearings in the '70s. The
government really invades privacy every day. Why do I need crap?
Frankly, Orlin, I think you are, with respect to the goals we are
trying to advance here, a useless lump of flesh. I've spent about
$50,000 of my own money trying to make the internet safe for
root-eaters like yourself. I've spent months of my life struggling to
get RFCs out, and I'm spending most of this month locked in my
apartment writing code. Right now, we are coordinating an effort to
try to get get IPSEC widely implemented in the next several months and
deployed by spring. What do you do, exactly, other than generate chaff
to make it impossible for any real work to be seen on the radar?
When people bring up real work, like cryptographic libraries or Wei's
stuff or the work I've been doing in the IETF and that sort of thing
people like Matt Blaze notice, and maybe Ray Cromwell and Hal Finney
(cypherpunks both, not ciphergroupies) try to discuss things, but the
folks like you basically drown everything out by making more noise
about random conspiracy garbage.
Frankly, if anyone is helping the NSA, its you. They don't want to see
universally deployed crypto. You could be out trying to spread
cryptography by coding, by handing people crypto when they need it, or
any one of dozens of other things. Instead, what you are doing is
making it impossible for people to try to get work done.
I have no idea what you are like personally. Maybe you're a nice,
smart guy. Maybe you are really a useful person in your other life.
However, I don't think your posting more conspiracy tracts is
improving life as we know it.  You have become an impediment -- a lump
of rock in the highway. You aren't part of the solution -- you are
part of the problem.

@_date: 1995-08-09 19:06:51
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: This summer's special delivery? 
Ditto for me. I haven't had time to examine it in detail yet, but...
My impuse is to assume its a hoax but examine it in detail. Anyone
have a Tessera card to test it against?

@_date: 1995-08-09 19:14:34
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
RFCs 1825, 1826, 1827, 1828, and 1829 came out today.
These RFCs describe in detail the IPSEC protocol, which is designed to
secure the internet from the ground up. IPSEC permits the
cryptographic encapsulation of all your IP traffic, which means all
your internet communications.
IPSEC is now a Proposed Standard.
Please read them and help us in the effort to universally deploy this
Still to come will be a key management system. The current notion is
to store RSA keys in the DNS -- a proposal to do this made by Eastlake
and Kaufman has been accepted by the IETF. Eastlake is now working on
a certificate format that will be an alternative to X.509. The keys
will be used by a modified version of the STS protocol (a signed
Diffie-Hellman exchange) that is being worked on by Phil Karn -- the
key management system is to be called "Photuris" and is currently an
internet draft.
Again, *we need your help*. Cypherpunks write code. Help us make the
internet safe for personal privacy by contributing to this effort.

@_date: 1995-08-10 07:52:58
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
The IETF was challenged by Steve Crocker to be ready for use of IPSEC
for the Dallas meeting in December so that no IETFer who wanted to
communicate securely with his home site need be insecure.
To accomplish that, we need to produce versions of the security stack
for many architectures. Right now, we have AIX and 4.4BSD fairly
solidly covered. Less well covered is HPUX. People familiar with code
like the Trumpet Winsock stack, Linux, or who have access to the
innards of SunOS, Solaris, Windows 95, Mac stacks, and others, and can
legitimately release implementations for those platforms, are probably
needed. We need serious commitments from people but of course everyone
is trying to help everyone else along.
Basically, if you know how to hack kernels and networking code and you
have a platform you can work on, we need you.
We also lack work on the key management end of things -- people who
can start playing around with implementing Photuris, even on a "toy"
basis, would probably be of help.

@_date: 1995-08-10 08:25:44
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Why DES in IPSEC ESP? 
Well, if you define "ship" as "get the standards approved" you have
the situation nailed. We basically could all agree on DES and the
marketplace will dictate that in practice everyone has 3DES and other
things available too.

@_date: 1995-08-10 08:26:57
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Why DES in IPSEC ESP? 
It wasn't. Well, it wasn't *really*.
IPSEC is a framework into which you drop any algorithm you like --
IDEA, 3DES, Skipjack (:-), or anything else. We picked a baseline
algorithm to assure interoperability, but it is not our expectation
that people would want to use DES in practice. Picking DES was largely
a political, not a technical decision. RFCs describing 3DES and SHA
modes are in the pipeline right now -- they are going before the IESG
"real soon now".
Well, lets remember this: algorithms go sour with time, like dairy
products. People are going to have to get used to regularly switching
them very soon anyway. Think of this as just a way to get people in
the habit of building their implementations modularly from the start.
My recommendation is that all implementations include 3DES in their
initial algorithm set. I'm going to do it with mine.

@_date: 1995-08-10 09:16:55
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
Thats certainly something people expect to do -- I'll begin letting
people at my code in a couple of weeks.
There is a mailing list for IPSEC developers right now -- people who
have read the RFCs and decide to get serious might want to subscribe.
Kernel sources are important here -- if you don't have kernel sources
IPSEC may be a challenge to put into a kernel...
Steve Bellovin has a summer student who did an interesting wedge on
PCs running packet driver interfaces in which he interposed his stuff
between the stack and the real packet driver. However, this can only
be of use for host-host keying and not user-user which is the real goal.

@_date: 1995-08-10 09:19:10
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: where to get RFCs and internet drafts 
A couple of people have asked, so I'm posting...
RFCs and internet drafts are both available for anonymous FTP from
Phil Karn's photuris stuff is still in the early draft phase. Help
speed up development by playing with it!

@_date: 1995-08-10 12:43:49
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Conspiracies and "Ciphergroupies" 
This is only of interest to a very limited number of people. Its
basically a flame about private matters. I discourage reading it.
You are rewriting history. I just asked you if you thought that hiring
a Washington lobbying firm would be a good idea. I didn't urge you to
join anything. I had no intention of involving any of us personally
in any lobbying on the basis that professionals would do it better.
Actually, you were noncommittal.
Actually Tim, this is again a rewrite of history. I was having a
perfectly pleasant email conversation with you (the first in a while)
when your tax situation came up and I advised you that you ought to
get some professional tax people to look at your finances. I won't
mention what the situation was since that was private, but if you
insist I'll happily post our exchange. You claimed I was being
"abusive" and went off in a huff. I don't recall urging you to do
anything other than seeing a professional tax attorney.
I just checked my archive of our private mail exchange on the subject,
and it appears that my recollection is substantially accurate. As I
noted, if you insist, I'll happily post the private mail.
As for your activities: frankly, Tim, I haven't known you to do much
of anything over the years. This is, of course, your right. You've
earned your money and you now get to do whatever you like. Don't
claim, however, that I said or did things that I did not say or do.
If you'd read my messages, I listed a wide array of productive
activities. Merely because I feel that polluting the list with
messages about Vincent Foster's shoe size is a waste doesn't mean that
I think everyone has to be a clone. There are dozens of valuable
activities from lobbying to coding to spreading the word that people
can do. However, posting conspiracy theories isn't in the list.

@_date: 1995-08-10 20:36:15
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: No Subject 
With friends like, er, our old friend here, who needs enemies?

@_date: 1995-08-10 20:37:59
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: PERRY METZGER: YOUR MOMMY IS CALLING YOU HOME 
I was under the impression Detweiler was legally obligated not to post
to this mailing list.

@_date: 1995-08-10 20:49:29
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
Thats one of a number of reasons why the DNS dynamic update facility
has been created.
What makes you assume we are using hosts as the keyed endpoints in the
usual case? Users are also getting keys, and querying them will be
difficult until humans all come equipped with implanted radio
transmitters. See "The Presidents Analyst" for a possible solution to
that problem, but I prefer DNS :-)

@_date: 1995-08-10 20:54:24
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
There seem to be a bunch of people interested in helping with a Linux
version of IPSEC. If you guys could spontaneously self-organize it
might help -- I unfortunately am not in a good position to do it for
you :-)
Having a Linux version would be extremely key -- I'm very glad to see
the enthusiasm for it.

@_date: 1995-08-11 06:21:44
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Clinton to resign? 
I don't even see the word "cipher" or "code" in this message, let
alone "NSA" or anything else. Perhaps you misdirected this here when
you intended to mail it to "conspirapunks"?
(More seriously, I really resent having wasted another precious minute
of my life reading this. Please don't do that again. I can't even find
the most tenuous relevance to the list.)

@_date: 1995-08-11 06:28:04
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
HESIOD is an excellent demonstration that it works just fine.
Why not? After all, they are signed. You can have them held by your
worst enemy and it should be just fine. Thats the idea of public key

@_date: 1995-08-12 05:35:08
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: IPSEC goes to RFC 
Its more than a draft -- at this point it is very clearly standards
track. Note that the document in question only covers security for the
DNS itself, but the side effect is that you've built all the
mechanisms you need for general key distribution. Don is now working
on the certificate formats.
As I've noted, given the actual in-field experience of Hesiod, I'm not
in the least worried.

@_date: 1995-08-14 19:44:23
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: An article for Wired magazine 
DigiCash as defined makes it trivial to trace cash you give to someone
provided there is collusion between the payer and the bank. Doesn't
that solve the baby-napping problem?
Incidently, so far as I know, there is no physical world way to solve
the babynapping problem. Hell, you can just demand a case with five
kilos of gold in it if $50,000 in cash doesn't suit your tastes. I
defy governments to eliminate gold as well as paper currency.
Lets not get into a polititical discussion, but many of us here would
deny the legitimacy of authoritarianism simply on the basis that a
majority of the tiny minority that votes decided to vote for it.

@_date: 1995-07-28 15:06:46
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: <plonk> now! Grabbe, X, re. Foster, NSA, BCCI, etc. 
This is cypherpunks, a mailing list for people interested in
cryptography and its social implications. This is not "Conspiracy
Buffs Digest: All The Silly Conspiracy Theories You Can Read".
Please take the noise postings elsewhere.

@_date: 1995-07-29 08:07:20
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: First Virtual, Nathaniel Boorenstein 
god, you're a clueless jerk, whomever you are. What's Nat done to you?

@_date: 1995-07-29 16:51:19
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Financial Latency Was: Zimmerman legal fund 
Thank you, but this is *not* the First Virtual Bitchline. This is
Cypherpunks. Please take this elsewhere.

@_date: 1995-07-29 17:54:19
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Financial Latency Was: Zimmerman legal fund 
Let me be perfectly clear.
I have no idea who or what you are. You post constant streams of
unparseable garbage (presumably produced by your very own wetware
rather than a random string generator but its hard to tell) to this
mailing list. So long as the stuff bears some passing resemblance to
discussion of cryptography, well, its not up to me to criticize you
just for being incomprehensable.  However, it appears that you have some sort of weird problem with
First Virtual that you don't have the common sense to resolve in
private. Please deal with it privately. Its possible that I'm wrong
and that you are discussing cryptography, but as your english prose is
completely indecipherable to this cryptographer there is no way
whatsoever to know, which makes it as good as irrelevant.
PS If your postings are in fact some sort of weird stegonographic
cover for some meaningful message, which is one possible (unlikely)
explanation for them, I would suggest posting them to alt.test

@_date: 1995-07-30 15:05:37
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel 
Well, you can't make anything secure, but you can make things more
My fundamentnal design principles are:
1) You can't abuse features you don't have.
2) You can't abuse privs you don't have.
3) You can't catastrophically fail to do something you don't do.
I would eliminate the notion of having the Java interpreter make the
system "safe" with language features that cripple certain threads of
execution. Instead, I'd emasculate the whole system. Remove any i/o
features right out of the interpreter -- ditto execution features or
other features. I'd run the interpreter in a separate unix process
communicating only through two pipes, one down which you feed code and
mouse events and one up which you get bitmaps and URLs to fetch. The
interpreter runs in a padded cell and can't alter the world except by
passing up bitmaps and URLs. It doesn't talk to anything other than
the browser.
Even then, I'm not entirely comfortable, but I'm more comfortable.
Thats not a secure system, because you depend on the interpreter
properly doing the mapping. If there are no system calls to open(2) in
the whole program it can't misuse any of those calls. If there are no
calls to exec, it can't mis-execute things. Security through emasculation.
