
@_date: 1992-11-30 05:33:16
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Secure Key exchange 
Bob Stratton suggests we hash out ideas on key signing prorocols. Ok, here
is what I do:
I sign keys only when I am certian that the key belongs to the human who
claims to have the name on the key. There are not a lot of keys signed
by me floating arround, maybe six total. My sig does not mean that the
key is not owned by a cop or NSA/CIA/KGB agent (Unlike Edgar's service) because I can't tell. So if you care about that stuff, start your
own web of trust with "higher" standards. My sign doesn't mean
that the person is really who they claim to be, I can't tell
that either. I've signed the key of a guy claiming to be "Ray
Kaplan" because I believe that he uses that name reegularly.
But I don't know that his name isn't really Boris Badinov.
You won't find my sig on Phil Zimmermann's key,
even tho that is a popular activity. Phil is a Net/Ether
person to me. My sig means that there is a real person with that name. I was at NCSC and exchanged keys there. I'll be
at CFP-3 and exchange keys there too. And if you are in my
area, (suburban Wash DC) we can meet and exchange keys.
I see no reason to hurry. A slowly growing web of trust that
is strong is far more useful than an exploding web of trash.
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer
Write PKP. Offer money for a personal use license for RSA.

@_date: 1992-11-30 11:11:12
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Secure Key exchange 
the human who claims to have the name on the key. There            are not a lot of keys signed by me floating arround, maybe            six total.....
  tt>   tt> Ah, but how do we know that it's really you making this statement, and
  tt> not some evil NSA spoofer?  What people need to do is to make their
  tt> key-signinging policies available _signed_ with their private key; that
  tt> way at least we would know that the entity signing the keys and the
  tt> entity claiming that this is its policy are the same.  Exellent point. I'll put a signed statement of my policy in my
.plan. It won't add many characters, and anyone can find it by
fingering me. (and I've never claimed I don't work for
  tt>         This helps, but
  tt> we would then still need to trust that the entity is telling the truth
  tt> insofar as its key-signing policy is concerned.
I can't solve this one so easily. I have two ideas that can
so it doesn't ask for confirmation every time a key is added
to the ring. Make the user do an active action, rather than a
half-asleep y to sign a key.
each time I sign a key. Thus I could store the
"reason/justification" for the signature to jog my memory. I
know whose key's I've signed now, but as the number gets bigger, then
I'll need a memory aid. I suggest the secret ring, as I share
my public ring, and don't think that why I chose to sign a key
should be generally available. If this were supported, you
could then send me a msg asking "why did you sign John Doe's
key?" You would have to compare my answer to my published
policy and make your own judgement as to whether I follow it.
I could keep track of this manually, and should. But PGP
already requires me to have a lot of files arround.
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer
Write PKP. Offer money for a personal use license for RSA.

@_date: 1992-11-30 11:44:28
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: my key signing policy, signed 
As suggested, here is a PGP signed copy of my policy.
It and my public key is available via finger

@_date: 1992-11-30 11:47:51
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: My key policy signed. 
As suggested, here is my key policy signed (not encrypted).
It has minor rewordings from my clear text posting of this morning.
It and my public key are available via finger.
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer
Write PKP. Offer money for a personal use license for RSA.

@_date: 1993-04-18 08:14:28
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Media Blitz: Make ourselves available 
I can't claim expert status, but I do live "inside the Beltway"
wear suits, have gray hair, have appeared on CNN during the Morse worm
discussions, presented a paper on security at the National Computer
Security Conference last Fall, work for a high-tech software firm, think
the big brother chip is a crock, and am willing.
How do I make myself more available? My 24-hour voicemail number is
(703) 267-2986.

@_date: 1993-04-18 08:14:40
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Knowledge of cryptography, Was: RE: More True Names: The NIST Security Board 
Harry identified several names on the CLIPPER list, including:
At this Fall's National Computer Security Conference, Mr. McNulty
was a speaker on the NIST's digital signature session. They talked about
both the non-RSA DSS, and use of Certifying Authorities with a RSA-based
At that same conference, I gave a paper on security that described
a fishnet of trust between systems. This was written in February 92,
well before I read Phil's "web of trust" from the PGP docs, which I
read sometime over the summer.
During the Q&A, I asked Mr NcNulty to compare the advantages and
disadvantages of a heirarchical CA approach to an interlocking fishnet/web
of trust. I hoped he would at least recognize that any heirarchy has
problems from the top down if an upper level is compromised. Instead,
he could not address any differences. I believe that working in the
government has made the hierarchy seem to be the only implementation that
he envisioned. He fobbed the question off to one of his technical
underlings, but he, too, was unable to answer it (or even coherently
address it).
I believed then (and still do) that the closed loop process used
by NIST and the TLAs has caused them to overlook a number of promissing
alternatives. This means that we crypto-provacy advocates must start an
education effort.

@_date: 1993-04-18 08:15:32
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: A Long History for Clipper... 
I was listening to a lecture by Dr. Denning (Peter J) about a week ago.
He was referencing NREN, not his wife's key registration idea, but
in light of Clipper, the comments are germane. He said that some of  his
left-coast collegues were all concerned about NREN providing equal access
so it won't be a "yuppie-only" communication medium. Prof. Denning said that
these well meaning folks are too late. Gore's data superhighways were
announced as a big deal for political reasons by the Clinton
Administration, but it was actually the result of nearly 10 years of work.
He said these things take years to create, and that the consensus is in
place before it announced so acceptance is assured.
Clearly CLIPPER has been percolating thru the TLAs for quite some time.
I think the self selection process (see The New Republic's Clincest article)
has allowed those who have been sending up trial balloons to think
they've reached an acceptable position. It was clear at last Fall's
National Computer Security Conference (sponsored by NSA) that the TLAs were
going to keep pushing to get this thru.
BTW, I live "inside the Beltway" and have been trying to figure out
a way to use my ability to easily popover the DC for face to face
meetings to help stop this madness. I tried working with EFF last
Fall, but they couldn't figure out how to use volunteer help.
If any crypo-privacy list readers have ideas, please let me know.
(My pgp key is on the utmb and mit servers.)

@_date: 1993-04-21 07:09:25
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Webs of Trust vs Trees of Trust 
While I can't claim to understand the military mind set, I can believe
that it is pervasive. It is also at best simplistic. Under the "new world
order" we must forge aliances according the the needs of the situation,
so that the trusted aliance's members vary over time. Economic aliances
have similar dynamics, with trust and allegiance changing.
The government's view seems to be that trust is transitive. I believe
that it can't be, because the world is not a simplistic heirarchy that
starts with Billery and flows down.
The tree of trust also ignores international exchanges, as Billery's
signature means far less to an European than to a US citizen. There was a
recent article about a ring of college students in Texas selling forged
driver's licenses. They used Montana and Idaho as samples, with the
expectation that a bouncer in a Texas bar wouldn't know a real Idaho license
if he saw one. Seems like the value of a US-based signature would be lowered
in Sydney or Delhi in a similar manner.
More importantly, I expect that digital signatures will be used for
commercial transactions accross the net. This means that there is money
involved, and with a tree of trust, the higher level trees are _worth_
bribing, forging, and perhaps killing for. Once a high level node is
compromised, all lower nodes are worthless.
This is why we need a serious education effort for the "decision makers" in
the government.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-04-25 13:47:04
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Congressional phone/fax, VA 11th district 
The list that Paul sent out didn't even acknowledge that Virginia has
an 11th district. The congresswoman is Leslie Byrne
Phone (202) 225-1492
Fax (202) 255-2274
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-04-29 06:25:12
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
Tim may is starting to sound like a Suit. :-)
I agree strongly that we need RSA on our side, not against us. I don't
know the history of the animosity between Jim B and Phil Z, but I think
it is time to say that water is over the dam.
Several folks have suggested here, and in the usual feeds, that it wouldn't
appear to be all that hard to take RSAREF and use it as the key exchange
engine for a US-legal PGP. Or even to take the PGP source and use it as an
enhanced RSAREF. I haven't looked at either source, but I have to believe
that someone on the list has. Is there a technical reason why this can't be
done? Is there some hidden political reason that it can't be done?
The readers of this list are hardcore and facile with techninology. To get
the widespread support we need kill the wiretap chip, we need to get
"easy to use" strong cryptography into the mass market. I'm writing a
Windows-based POP client designed for folks that can't spell SLIP. It should
have strong encryption invisibly and automatically. It won't until
there is a legal encryption engine with at least the key management of PGP.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-04-30 06:21:29
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Fw: RSA approval for freeware, PGP compatible user program. 
I'm a cypherpunk. I write code. I have already told the list my feelings on
TC "the suit" May's suggestion. I read the post that no one asked PKP for
permission to include RSA in a freely distributed strong cryptography
package that was PGP compatible.
So I asked.
I found that PKP has two simple philosophies: (1) they have a valid patent,
and you must agree to this fact and (2) if you make money, they make
money. I don't have the interest, energy, time, or money to argue with (1),
so fine, I'll say I agree. I sure haven't made any money off PGP, and
probably won't off of this.
I found that Jeff Schiller of MIT suggested an effort to develop something
on RSAREF from scratch that would bring the pgp, RIPEM, TIS/PEM, etc.
communities together.  The PKP folks are strongly supportive. They (PKP,
MIT, pfarrell. et al) need to do programming and reverse engineering.
If other cypherpunks can code, volunteer.
While the source for PGP is available, it is copyrighted. Unless we can get
the copyright owner's permission, we'll have to reimplement it from scratch.
Not an attractive idea.
If you have a religious belief that software patents are immoral, that PKP
is really a front for the NSA, etc. and don't want to help, that is fine
with me.  Simply don't volunteer. I'd like to believe that this really
isn't a splintering of the cypherpunks.
My guess as to why PKP is willing to talk to me and others now, and was not
willing to agree to license PGP was that Phil never got permission to use
RSA, and so agreeing to license users use of PGP is admission that using
RSA without PKP permission is OK. There is no way that PKP can allow that to
be infered.

@_date: 1993-04-30 10:56:47
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: PGP on soda.berkeley.edu 
I think you are being overly paranoid.
Jim Bidzos must protest the use of PGP. If he doesn't, he will
lose the ability to claim that companies have to pay for RSA.
He has publicaly, and repeatedly, stated that the ITAR is a crock.
Don't wave a flag infront of the bull.
He has personally told me that he is very interested in a RSA approved
program that is PGP compatible. He simply can NEVER say that PGP is OK.
If we are to say to the politicians that normal folks need strong encryption,
then we have to start without being labled criminals for violating the
US laws. If I remember, you are not in the US, so it is fine to ignore Bidzos. I can not write my congressman and saw Clipper is bad, PGP is
good when use (and development) of PGP is against the law.
We could argue that the law is bad. I can agree. But changing the law
will take so long that RSA will be illegal. Then when I use it,
it will be grounds for a search warrent.
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA

@_date: 1993-08-27 07:38:18
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Commercial PGP; trapdoor rumors 
In message Fri, 27 Aug 1993 01:46:57 -0400 (EDT),
In April, I talked to Jim Bidzos @ PKP, and he agreed to allow his
licensed RSA code to be built into a PGP compatible freeware program.
I believe some folks at MIT were planning to start work on it...
After all, cypherpunks write code...
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-02-01 12:05:13
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: MAILreaders: NUpop 
I've been playing with NUpop, (a PC program) and am impressed with it.
It would help bring PGP to the masses, except that currently the source
is not available. The author says that supporting external filter programs
is on his list, but it is a long list.
The home FTP site for nupop is casbah.acns.nwu.edu in the /pub/nupop
directory. Current field release is nupop103.zip, with nupop110.zip
in 'beta' stages. It is widely available - ask archie.
While I really like NUpop, unless the sources become available, or
the priority of external filters gets higher on the list, we need
to look elseware. Can someone with experience with Eudora for the PC give a short review?
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1993-01-15 09:30:59
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: shrinking availability of PGP 
I agree that this would be terrible. Do you have any grounding
for this generalized statement? I can understand CI$ backing
off, as they were the only organization in the US making a
profit from PGP. And they have the resources and assetts that
could be a target if PKP wanted a test case.
I just had archie look arround, and to me the number of places
was about the same. For some reason, archie doesn't find it in
two places I know it is: soda.berkeley.edu and phil.utmb.edu
Archie did report that it is on wuarchive.
I'm affraid that the legal cloud will remain over PGP for
quite some time, and that the flawed PEM implementations will
become the standard. Until there is someone with real assetts
using PGP, PKP's lawyers will not bother to expose their
patent to the possibility of being invalidated. I also don't
expect to see those of us who are assett free changing from
PGP to RIPEM/PEM just because it is free of the cloud.
This cloud will make folks who are nervous about the changes
that netwroks, communications, and encryption will bring more
cautious. I expect that PGP will continue to move from site to
site. Which is why archie and gopher are so important to
all of us.
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1993-01-22 17:44:33
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: public privacy, NSA resources 
A fellow cypherpunk lister says about the number of employees
at NSA:
The number of employees at the FBI is public info. I don't
have it at hand. CIA employment used to be secret, and may
still be. Of course you can buy a picture from SPOT and count
the cars for an estimate. At both agencies, there are a
significant number of contract employees, who are not on the
employment rolls, but are efectively the same as government
employees. They aren't counted in public info.
I can't guess at the number of NSA folks. But I can relate an
I gave a paper at this year's National Computer Security
Conference, in Baltimore. Like all conferences, it had a
registration area, vendor's booths, etc. Following form, it had nice folks behind counters with signs
over the top, with the usual:
sections. What surprized me was the row of counters labeled:
NSA A-E | NSA F-H | ..... NSA W-Z
There were as many NSA booths as all the rest combined. (ok,
+- 10%) Another aside. The NCSC is essentially a front for the NSA.
NCSC exists but has no more than two employees, one is the
secretary to an NSA official.
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1993-01-24 10:00:14
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: NUpop is the answer was Re: PGP on BBS 
I don't know if the sources are available, NorthWestern's
NUpop is the key to making PGP acceptable to masses of
not-very-computer-literate users. Ask archie for nupop103.zip
NUpop is a PC (MS-DOS) program that uses the PC as a computer.
It uses SMTP to send mail and receives mail via POP. It works
on networks and thru dialup. It works with SLIP and more
simply over a reliable ASCII connection.
It is a great program. CUA, mouse, folders, auto sigs, etc.
All it needs is to have a "encryption outgoing" flag
in its "group" (alias) directory, and pump the message thru
PGP in filter mode. On receipt, find the PGP headers,
push thru the filter, and show the clear text.
I haven't looked for either the PGP or NUpop sources, but I'd expect this to be a near trivial hack. It may even be
already done.
NUpop (and its Mac equivalent Eudora) are the right way to get
users on the net. Using a PC as a VT100 to login to a full
blown Unix system, using vi to edit mail, etc. is near
criminal. NUpop makes it easy enuff for econ profs.
(Seriously, I set up NUpop for an econ prof here last weekend.
He loves it. He is definitely not a Unix wizard.)
If NUpop source is not available, then we'll have to reverse
engineer something similar. I've learned how NUpop does the
communications, and it is straight-forward (also in the RFCs
if you care to look) I thought about doing a
Windows-only program, but wonder if we really have to
support diehard DOS users on ATs and less.
I've been meaning to ask about source availablity. I'll
do so now, and probably have an answer tomorrow.
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer
Write PKP. Offer money for a personal use license for RSA.

@_date: 1993-01-24 11:40:23
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Rational PC mail , was Re: PGP on BBS 
It is a solved problem. It doesn't even require SLIP. I spent lots
of hours over the past year trying to get SLIP to work with
the GMU computers. it is officially "not supported"
With NUpop and Eudora, SLIP is optional. The NUpop docs say
that SLIP slows down the transfer, and recommends simple ASCII
async connection using a reliable modem (MNP or V42/V.42bis)
Using a computer as a computer is clearly the way to go. There
are a number of low-cost or free Unix providers, I expect that
they do, or can be talked into supporting POP.
I expect that current terminal/menu based BBSes will disapear
once folks realize how much better easier, faster, and all
around better programs that use computers as computers work.
Pat Farrell,      Grad Student                       pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP key available via finger or request            standard.disclaimer

@_date: 1993-01-26 10:29:30
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Rational PC mail , was Re: PGP on BBS 
While serial ports do lose characters, especially if you don't have
a 16550afn serial chip, I don't see this as a major hassle. In a pure
DOS space, you really arn't likely to lose the characters, and this
is the initial space of NUpop. With Windows, you have to learn to play
with the priorities to make it work well, or get one of the intellegent
serial driver DLLs that make it transparent.
It is possible that the authors of the NUpop document don't worry too
much about single character dropouts. There is plenty of redundancy in
english. PGP will complain, but I can see retransmitting a message
half a dozen times to get it thru cleanly will lose.
I never allow my private key anywhere near a serial port. The public keys are checksummed, so it is easy to see that a character is wrong.
I'd love to be able to use CSLIP. We (a bunch of folks on this campus) have
just convinced the admin to allow POP services. It will take a while before
we can convince them to allow SLIP, CSLIP, and PPP. In the meantime,
I'll happily live with NUpop's serial support.

@_date: 1993-07-03 07:04:27
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Ad Hominum attacks (was Re: PC Week Clipper article 
I'm more than a little concerned about the vicious personal attacks that
this list makes on folks that have strongly held beliefs that disagree with
some (or all) of the beliefs of hot headed posters to cypherpunks.
I thought this was a technical mailing list, that dabbled in politics only
as necessary. I see no justification for the personal attacks, especially on
3rd parties that do not read this list. These uncalled for attacks will not
convince anyone on the list, and do not become the poster.
I strongly object to this posting. D.E.Denning is neither an idiot nor a
"wicked witch of the East." She just happens to support a view that she
strongly believes in. The fact that I think her side is dead wrong does not
make her an idiot. Name calling accomplishes nothing but does hurt the
signal to noise ratio of this list.
Even more annoying are the attacks on Jim Bidzos. He is trying to make a
buck, which was legal last time I looked. And on many issues, he is far more
in our camp than against us. He at least likes strong cryptography, and his
disputable patents expire in a relatively short time. He has agreed to allow
a PGP-compatible program to use RSA without cost, providing the legal
version that many U.S. users would like to see.
I thought cypherpunks wrote code. I think that personal attacks on folks
that are not on the list is a waste of bandwidth. (If you want to attack me
here, fine, at least I get to respond firsthand)
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-06-02 05:17:31
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Software infrastructure 
In Message Tue, 1 Jun 1993 22:13:48 -0500,
I think writing a "terminal" program, such as Kermit, is not particularly
useful. I am writing a SMTP/POPPER client program that will work over
standard serial (dial-up) lines. It will not require SLIP, PPP, or any
other magic (mostly because getting _my university_ to provide competent
TCP/IP access is impossible). Enhancing it to support SLIP or PPP will be
simple, but it is not the market that I'm aiming at.
Clearly any decent mail client has to have a roledex of commonly accessed
coorespondents. It is trivial to enhance the data structure to add a flag
that says "Use encryption" and another with "PGP (or RIPEM) key available"
and another to hold a handle (PGP's 0x123456) that identifies the key.
Spawning your favorite encryption program is then also trivial.
The audience is not the cypherpunks. The audience for strong cryptography
is the art, history, econ or english major. It has to be "pig easy"
and reliable.
My program is written for Windows. Like it or not, Windows has 80% or more
of the total computers being sold. I want my mailer client to reach mass
The program will be free, and sources will be available under some
restrictions that I haven't yet figured out.
In a while, I'll be looking for beta testers.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-06-04 06:57:03
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Software infrastructure 
I beg to differ.
..flames elided...
I agree that the PC-centric BBS world has decided that Kermit is obsolete.
Kermit is continually improving and is very nearly as fast as ZMODEM.
It is available for nearly all platforms, is free, and source is availilbe.
It includes NASI support directly. It has a very nice (powerful) scripting
language. It also works over TCP/IP networks for folks with the luck
to be Ethernet'd into the Internet (like most of the faculty and staff here
at GMU). It also has very strong backward compatibility.
I expect that Kermit is good enuff if you are interested in commandline
scripts for plain old DOS. And the scripting language is also
supported by the C version that run on nearly all Unixs and most other
boxes. This would allow a single script to support a lot of users.
I'm not interestedin DOS and command lines, but if some other
cypherpunk wants to try, I'm sure not going to complain.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-06-05 00:27:08
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Software infrastructure 
It is important to have recent version on both the PC and host side.
The versions that I run on my PC is 3.12. The Unix host version is
close to 5A... I had to slurp the latest Sun version from Columbia
to get decent performance. The version supported by my Sysadmin was
obsolete. I haven't claimed that Kermit is faster, but with sliding windows,
large buffers, and other tricks, the night and day difference goes away.
I agree. That is why I posted. Perhaps a Kermit guru lives within
the list.
I mean that a script that works  like unix or DOS command line programs
should (speculation alert!) be possible. We can handle obscure options,
switches, etc. My target audience can't. Kermit has automatic scripts
and macros that should be able to handle what we need. Heaven help us
when there are errors tho....
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-06-08 05:55:16
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Tuesday's Washington Post 
In Tuesday June 8 Final edition of the Washington Post, Page A12
US Data Decoding Plan Delayed
Business and Legal Objections Reviewed
by John Schwartz
The Federal initiative to establish a new standard for scrambling electronic
communications will be slowed until its ramifications can be more fully
studied, the official in charge of implementing the program said yesterday.
The government's proposed "Clipper Chip" plan, announced on April 16, would
create a new national standard for data encryption that would make possible
the deccoding and wiretaps by law enforcement and national security
The plan has met with criticism from high-technology industries that argue
that the new requirements ould be expensive and hurt the competiveness of
their products. Civil liberties advocates see it as a threat to privacy.
Raymond Kammer, acting director of the National Institite of Standards and
Technology (NIST) - which developed the Clipper proposal with the National
Security Agency and is charged with implementing it within the government-
delivered the news to a  Washington conference attended largly by critics of
the Clipper plan.
In an interview afterward, Kammer said that the entiore Clipper plan was
still being discussed, and if the review revialed unresolvable problems,
"maybe we won't continue in the direction we started out."
Criticism was sharp at the cryptography and privacy conference sponsored by
the Washington office of the Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility, a public interest group concerned with high-tech issues.
One panelist compared Kammer's appearance at the conference to "having a
target painted on your chest." Kammer said: "We're not going to close off
the process while there's still productive conversation. And its' obvious
from the meeting today that ther's still plenty of productive conversation."
Pressure has been building on NIST since the WShite House announcement in
April. Critics of the plan have flooded the administration with lengthly
lists of questions about the new plan, voicing concerns that the proposal
might make American products more expensicve, less secure, and less
competitive overseas while not hindering criminals.
Last Friday, NIST's advirosy panel on privacy issues concluded two days of
heated hearings concerning the Clipper proposal with a resolution expressing
"serious concerns" sparked by the administrations's proposal. "Things are
going too fast." said William Ware, chairman of the Computer System Security
and Privacy Advisory Board, a body created under the Computer Security Act
of 1987. The NIST panel reported that the government had not conviningly
explained the nature of law enforcement problems that would be solved by the
Clipper plan, and cited damage the proposal was likely to do to the American
software industry.
Later that day, White House officials overseeing the Clipper plan met with
representatives of industry and civil liberties groups, including the
high-tech policy group Electronic Frontier Foundation as well as the
American Civil Liberties Union. Administration officials said that the
Clipper review would be extended into the fall and that the government would
not move beyond its initial plans to buy about 10,000 Clipper-equiped
telephones until the review was completed.
John Podesta, assistance to the President, said that meeting was part of a
continuing dialog with the private sector. "It's time to start ot get
answers insteead of the endless quest for questions, Podesta said."
Any typos were added in transcription.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-06-23 18:12:21
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Government fear of strong crypto [was Re: Digital Cash$$$$ 
I'm not going to disagree that long term, the net makes governments
obsolete, but I think that far fewer folks in the US government have _any_
understanding of the issues arround strong crypto. I spent yesterday at the
"Computer Security Institute" conference in Washington (it is a commercial
educational conference on computer security). Lots of government employees
were there learning about security, products, etc. Most of the products were
virus scanners, sigh.
The "government" as a whole is not against crypto. The NSA is _very
strongly_ against it. There are 60,000 or more bureaucrats in NSA that would
be effectively put out of work by widespread strong crypto. All the
$17 Billion that they use on signal intercepts would go to competing
approachs (satelite recon, spys in the field, etc.) that are controlled by
other agencies. Why? because signal intellegence is so easy now that it is
extremely cheap and cost effective. Widespread strong crypto will not make
evesdropping impossible, but it will make it _very_ expensive in time and
money, and thus make it much less attractive.
Rather than simply ranting about the evils of bureaucrats, think for a
second about their motivation. There is no profit metric for bureaucrats to
rely upon - they have to do their job as well as expected for the least
amount of money. If they fail to deliver, they lose their jobs.  (yes, they
can be fired or reassigned to siberia...) So they spend all their life
making sure that they do a "good enuff" job and follow all the approved
actions. Having Signal intercepts work cheaply and well makes it easy to
keep their jobs.
I believe that the FBI and other more public agencies are simply shills for
NSA. The many posting about real wiretap usage and costs simply can't
support taking all the heat last year of Digital Telophony and this year
over Clipper, esp. when they admit that smart crooks wouldn't bother to use
BTW, I talked to Dorothy Denning at the conference. She says that it is now
called the "Key escrow chip" because of Intergraph's trademark on Clipper.
I'll post more on my conversations with DE Denning later.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-06-27 10:37:01
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: term for ibm 
In Message Fri, 25 Jun 1993 16:07:03 -1000 (HST),
The Microsoft C/C++ compilers come with the source code for a simple windows
based terminal program. While it is copyrighted, it is all over the planet.
In Timmothy Mann's book: Windows Programmer's Guide to Serial
Communications, isbn 0-672-30030-3, are sample code for a mid-level terminal
program (complete with xmodem). The source is in the book and on
a diskette. There are _no_ copyright messages in the sources. The book
itself, is of course, copyrighted.
In Mark Nelson's book: Serial Communications: a C++ Developer's Guide
isbn 1-55851-281-0, are sample code (and diskette)in C++ for DOS, Windows,
FOSSIL, and pure UART drivers and a terminal program (complete with
ZModem).  The code _does not work_ for Windows, but works fine with DOS.
Again, no copyright messages in the source code.
Kermit (anon-ftp from watsun.cc.columbia.edu) is a free, source available
terminal program. Copyrighted Columbia, but enhancements encouraged.
Kermit's modularity is at best marginal. Nelson's code is very good. Mann's
is acceptable. The Windows TTY is acceptable, but being a Windows program,
hardly counts as "small"
The Microsoft Visual Control Pack for Visual Basic and Visual C++ includes
a "serial control" that should handle most of the hard work in building a
terminal program. I can't get it to work from MSVC, and can find no one else
on the planet that can either. But if you wanted to start in Visual Basic,
I expect that a simple terminal program is no more than a day's work.
p.s. I'm using a hacked version of MS TTY as the starting point for my
WinPOP mail client. If you think I've spend several hundred dollars looking
for working code to build upon, you're right.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-03-15 18:27:10
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: alternate US site for pgp22 
Can someone point me to another US FTP site with PGP22. I've downloaded
it a couple of times from soda.berkeley.edu, and can't get it unzipped.
I've tried all known combinarions of binary, non-binary, etc.
The file, once it reaches my PC is 209409 but pkunzip 204g says it is
broken. If I use pkzipfix, I can get some of the files, docs, keyserver,
etc. but it always fails with a CRC error on or after
exploding LANGUAGE.TXT
One piece of tech info: I have to FTP to a SUN server, and then
use Kermit to bring the file to my PC. This has worked many times for
many other files, but there could be some user error in here.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
PGP Public key availble via finger

@_date: 1993-05-26 05:33:08
@_author: Pat Farrell 
@_subject: Mike's bummer moving adventure 
This is a bit off topic, please excuse the list bandwidth...
Today's (5/26/93) Washington Post has a story on page 1 of the Style section
about net-lawyer and occasional cypherpunk poster Mike Godwin
(mneumonic at eff.org). Seems that Mike just moved from Cambridge to Washington
DC, and the moving truck that had all his stuff caught fire and burned.
He lost "90%" of his stuff, books, clothes, records, family photos, etc.
Serious bummer.
The article says that he went onto the WELL and the electronic community
offered to help replace some of his books, etc. A word or two from our
community might help raise his spirits.
Pat Farrell      Grad Student                 pfarrell at cs.gmu.edu
Department of Computer Science    George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Public key availble via finger
