
@_date: 1996-03-25 19:35:27
@_author: Dave Del Torto 
@_subject: [ADMIN] PGP Announce List Update 
The signed message below is what someone sending mail to  would eventually see. Please pass it on to your significant others, so to speak.
FYI, I'll be in Boston at CFP96 from 26 Mar - 2 Apr, so no list-admin-business will likely get done during that period. Expect more news soon after my return about PGP 3.0 and other exciting developments. [ cue music: "Jaws" theme ]
USUAL SUSPECTS WITH PGP ANECDOTES SOUGHT:
Anyone who has an anus-clenching anecdote, an amusing remembrance or just an aprocryphal Jonah+Whale-tale about their experiences with PGP is encouraged to send it to  for inclusion in an upcoming anthology (authors will be credited). Now's your chance to recount for all Posterity the adventurous days gone by when you were dropped behind enemy lines (Vienna, VA?) with only a laptop, your trusty educational PGP freeware and your McGyver-esque ingenuity. Do it soon, though if you want your name up in electrons: disk space is limited. ;)
    dave
.................... "How to get ON the PGP Announce List" ....................
 [1]  [2] SUBJECT:   Your Name                     /             \
   UNquoted (") Full name          \
                   Address in  please, NOT parentheses.
The Body should be left EMPTY (as in nothing, zero, null, void). Please don't put the word "subscribe" anywhere in your msg (killfile fodder). People who can't manage to follow these instructions probably shouldn't be trusted with crypto stuff anyway, right? Once a *correctly-formatted* request makes it past the evolutionary-check-filters, the actual subscription process is higher-primate-managed and list membership is updated when announcements are mailed.
This list aspires to be the lowest-volume mailing list on the entire Internet, so you will NOT receive instant verification of your subscription (except for the exquisitely rare admin/test msgs and the announcements themselves). If you follow the instructions above EXACTLY, you're subscribed (and if you don't, you're not). Variations (eg. leaving out the  on the address or letting your auto-signature mechanism get out of control) will cause the bozo-filters to bit-bucket a request automagically. Sending multiple requests accomplishes nothing other than irritating the cage-cleaners. Send banana peels and/or complaints to .
   (GOOD/YES/CAN-FOLLOW-DIRECTIONS)
        TO: pgp-announce-request at lsd.com
      SUBJ: Your Name       BODY:
   (BAD/NO/CLUELESS)
        TO: pgp-announce-request at lsd.com
      SUBJ: Joe Billy Bob Bozo [jbbb at cant.read.directions.com}
      BODY: Howdy! Kin yew SUBSCRIBE me to yer list? I also has a question...
.................... "How to get OFF the PGP Announce List" ...................
If you wish to REMOVE yourself from the distribution list, or to CHANGE your listed address (which netiquette is greatly appreciated by the minions who shovel the bits and watch the mail-bounce errors collect, BTW), please format your request as follows:
   (ADDRESS REMOVAL)
        TO: pgp-announce-request at lsd.com
      SUBJ: REMOVE Your Name       BODY:
   (ADDRESS CHANGE)
        TO: pgp-announce-request at lsd.com
      SUBJ: CHANGE Your_Name  =       BODY:
