
@_date: 1992-12-21 16:43:07
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Destroying Data (Re: Remailer Policies) 
Unix weenies of old will recall "clri" to clear an inode.  If paranoia is in
effect, try something like the following:
ls -li remailer-log or whatever to get the i-node number,
then clri /dev/sdxx Of course, care should be taken to then unlink the file immediately, as if the
i-node number is reused on that filesystem, the old entry would still point
to that i-node, and removing the old file would remove the new one (an
inadvertent hard link).  Clri is in /usr/etc, and it's use is obviously
subjected to your permission of the device file (and the file itself), though
that's understood if you were going to use 'dd'.
Not everyone running a remailer will have permission (usually root) to write
directly to filesystem /dev files, so why not just write a little C program
to open the logfile and overwrite it to the end with NULL's?

@_date: 1993-02-05 13:25:04
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: 'Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
I must admit, the last thing I would've thought I'd see on this list is
mindless, uninformed blabbering about "REMOBz".
Give it a rest, will ya?

@_date: 1993-02-06 00:09:28
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: 'Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
OK, you forced me into it.  Sigh.  The reason for the short quip is because
I know the person who posted it, and I get rather impatient after the thousandth time hot air starts up the silly rumor mill.
A telecom manufacturing company by the name of Teltone makes a product called
a REMOBS, for REMote OBservation System (their part number M240, M241, M242).
Somewhere along the line, numerous years ago, someone must've thought this was
a "cool" name, and wrote a text file which was uploaded to various "underground
BBS's", making up a whole fantasy story that this is some top secret system,
and one could simply dial into it, enter a code in touch-tone, enter a phone
number, and proceed to listen in on a conversation.  THIS IS COMPLETE NONSENSE.
Because of this misinformation, every time some kid comes across some unknown
phone number (anything from phone company test lines, to beepers), they claim
they've found a "REMOB".  There's always some blatant liar who contributes to
the propaganda by claiming they listen in to phone lines.
The actual product (go ahead and order the specs), is to sample trunk quality
by making a metallic connection.  The archaic M240 from the 70's, was for
electromechanical switches, the M241 was a portable model, and I believe the
M242 was for electronic switches.  They do have a remote feature, which allows
one to enter a code and specify a sequence of digits indicating a certain
trunk (depending on however it was wired in).  It's a rather low-tech piece of
equipment, and suffice to say, the BOCs DO NOT USE IT.  There are a number
of trunk and line testing systems which have been in standard use in the RBOCs
for years.  The fabled "REMOB" is not one of them.  In brief, the Switching
Control Centers (SCCs) and Network Terminal Equipment Centers (NTECs) use a
system called CAROT (Centralized Automatic Reporting On Trunks), a batch system
that in turn uses the complement of standard test lines (1004Hz S/N, type 105
ATMS, short ckt, open ckt, impedance, etc, etc.) to provide more than adequate
testing of trunks.  Digital switches (i.e. 5ESS and DMS100) have their own
trunk testing facilities.  As far as line testing goes, the Repair Service
Bureau (RSB) uses a plethora of systems.  Namely LMOS/MLT (Loop Maintenance
Operations System/Mechanized Line Testing), Tracker, Predictor, etc., etc.
I could go on and on, but I think I've made my point.
It's a SCIENCE, and it's silly to even consider such an irrelevant piece of
garbage as a REMOBS.  It's a gross and purposeless rumor, and now you see
why I hesitated wasting the time in explaining all this, because it comes up
OVER and OVER and OVER.

@_date: 1993-02-06 22:49:38
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: 'Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
I'm glad you brought up this subject, John, because there is indeed a good
deal of misinformation in this area.
I'll start off with some of the numerous facilities available to a telco
technician.  The first I'll mention is MLT (Mechanized Loop or Line Testing),
a system which is part of the LCAMOS group of systems (Loop and Cable Admini-
stration Maintenance Operations System).  Used by Repair Service Attendants,
it's seamlessly accessed through LMOS (Loop Maintenance Operations System),
when the attendant specifies a 'mask' (form type) that would involve a real-
time test to be performed.  At the heart of LMOS is a System 370-type pro-
cessor.  Attendants access the various functions through a Front End (FE)
system, commonly running Unix.  The data comprising customer records and
their corresponding trouble reports/service histories is kept on a high-
capacity storage system (nicknamed the HICAPs).  Each front-end accesses
data from different HICAPs for the respective areas they cover.  Getting
back to masks, when the attendant gets a call on 611, upon the customer
hanging up, they usually issue the TEST mask, which accesses MLT which in
turn establishes a metallic connection to the phone line.  MLT then carries
out impedance, capacitance, frequency/amplitude response tests (at 404Hz,
1004Hz, and 2804Hz, standard), tests for line activity, etc., etc.  The
attendant then has the option to open a trouble record (using the ESTablish
mask), to initiate further testing and repair, possibly dispatching someone,
etc.  I'm getting a bit off topic, but I thought some background was in order
rather than just saying "MLT monitors lines, so there".  What I'm driving at
in this scenario is that there is also a mask known as TV, for Trouble
Verification.  The /FORm associated with this mask requests such information
as the phone number, the 3-digit employee code, a callback number for security,
and the type of TV (RCA, Magnavox, Toshiba, just kidding :), types being talk,
(the attendant can be heard) or monitor without speech path, to name the most
relevant.  It would not be impossible to substitute "someone with a computer
and the know-how" in the place of the word "attendant", but don't overestimate
this possibility.  It's bragged about FAR more than it is actually done.  But
it remains a possibility.
I'll continue this in successive messages, so it's in manageable chunks.

@_date: 1993-02-06 23:44:31
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: (Non)Privacy in Phone System... 
My last message was about LMOS/MLT, and MLT's monitoring capabilities of
subscriber lines.  Another phone company testing system worth mentioning
is SARTS (and DACS and SMAS.  That's three, but they're related.)  SARTS
is the Switched Access Remote Test System, and is used in testing special
service circuits.  And what's special service?  A lot of things that AREN'T
POTS (Plain Old Telephone Service).  Anything from WATS service, to digital
carriers (DDS, T1, etc.), and so on.  And it's the hard working men and women
of the aptly named Special Services Center (or just "Special Services") who
oversee nearly every aspect of installation and maintenance.  Ah, yes.
(Clears throat)  The reason I mention them is because every digital carrier
goes through your friendly neighborhood BOC central office, whether it be
a company's private carrier or someone's dedicated connection to the Internet
(EFF's, toad's, etc.).  Like MLT is a system used to test subscriber lines
in real time, so SARTS is a system used to test special service circuits.
In conjunction with SMAS (Switched Maintenance Access System), and the ability
to jack-in with their favorite test equipment (such as the much liked T-BERD),
together they make up an unbeatable arsenal in trouble shooting.  So why do
they screw up your leased-line service?  There are three rules in maintenance:
Training, training, and, of course, training.  Or lack thereof.
The lovely system which complements these, and even supercedes the need for
SMAS points, is DACS, the Digital Access and Cross-connect System.  One of its
most notable abilities, is providing per-channel 64kbps (DS0) electronic
cross-connection and test access to individual channels, IN ANALOG OR DIGITAL
FORM, from a T1 (DS1).  Sounds neat.  The FBI says "It can't be done!  You
have to make it built in!"  But it IS built in, they're just not allowed to
play with it (or are they anyway?)  Life is funny sometimes.
I'm going to pause for now, and concentrate on my Sherlock Holmes movie.
I'll see if my messages are well received, and pick it up tomorrow.

@_date: 1993-02-07 21:22:26
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
I'd wanted to say something about this for quite some time.  Everyone gets it
wrong, and let's just say you were CLOSE.  Lemme give a quick run down...
bps, or bits-per-second, is the bit rate of the datastream.  Now the rate
of MODULATION is called baud, named after the transmission engineer (telegraphy), Baudot.  Very simply, when you divide the bit-rate by the number
of bits per symbol, you get baud.  Everyone is in the (bad) habit of saying
'baud' for everything, because in FSK systems which code 1 bit per symbol
(only two phases), bps = baud.  But then and ONLY then.  They are not
universally synonymous.  But don't feel bad, the entire modem INDUSTRY gets it
wrong, too.  We're all throw backs to the 300 baud days, when 300 baud was
the same as 300 bps, the Bell 103 standard.  This was also true for 110 baud,
and the Bell 202 standard (1200 baud half-duplex).  Now then, when 1200 bps
FULL duplex was designed by CCITT, it was the V.22 standard.  The Bell system
created the Bell 212A standard.  In either case (they were slightly different),
Differential Phase Shift Keying (DPSK) was the modulation scheme, with four
phases, and TWO bits per symbol to encode each phase.  Hence, the full duplex
1200 bps standard modulates at a rate of 600 bauds.  Yes, in engineering, you
say 1 baud, and 2 or more bauds, but just saying baud is accepted.  Another
principle was introduced, called scrambling (that noise sound you hear when
modems handshake is the scrambler kicking in).  This alleviates the fact that
the higher the rate of modulation, the more likely that multiple identical
symbols in a row will cause phase sync errors.  The scrambler ensures that
a bit (1 or 0) does NOT get modulated to the same phase repeatedly.  This is
similar to digital carrier systems, which use AMI (Alternate Mark Inversion),
and have schemes such as BnZS or HDB3 (Binary N Zero Substitution and High
Density Binary 3).  But lemme not confuse you.  I was just drawing up the
parallel.  The scrambler is just a pseudorandom sequence generator (there's a
descrambler, too).  Phases are measured in degrees (360), and each phase is
encoded depending on the number of bits per symbol.  In V.22 and Bell 212A,
there are four phases, 0, 90, 180, and 270.  And each phase is coded with two
bits, or dibits (two bits per symbol, remember?)
Now, we all use the CCITT standard for 2400 bps.  It's called V.22bis.
It uses a scheme known as QAM, Quadrature Amplitude Modulation.  The rate
of modulation is also 600 bauds, but the use of amplitude as well as phase
come into play, and double the throughput.  There are four levels of phase,
and four levels of amplitude, encoded using 4 bits per symbol (quadbits). Isn't this fun?  There are a few 4800 bps systems, none of which really matter.
For 9600 bps, we use recommendation V.32.  QAM again, (as was 4800 and 2400),
with two modes of operation: 16 carrier states, and 32 achieved using trellis
encoding.  16 carrier states equals 4 bits per symbol again (QUADrature), and
simple arithmetic should tell you that the modulation rate is 2400 bauds.
V.32bis is an improved (and clever) scheme, with a bit rate of 14400 bps.
Everything I mentioned are full duplex systems (except Bell 202).  Higher bit
rates are achievable in half duplex systems, these modems are generally used
for transfers (polling for mail/news).
Oh, don't forget our error correction/compression protocols.  V.42 (EC), and
V.42bis (EC and compression) being the most common.  V.42bis can achieve a
maximum of 4:1 compression ratio, increasing throughput.  There's also your
Microcom Networking Protocol (MNP), MNP level 5 being the most common and
usually used at lower data rates.
Whew.  I'm probably giving you guys information overflow, so I'll end it for
now.  Just remember.  You measure the speed of a modem in BITS PER SECOND,
NOT BAUD.
See ya.

@_date: 1993-02-07 21:38:33
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
Well, almost.  You got 9600 bps right.
I hope you read my message.

@_date: 1993-02-08 08:50:43
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
I spent the time posting a considerable message about this subject last night,
and I've yet to see it echoed back to me on the list.  Did ANYONE get it?
Topics were Shannon's capacity formula, Shannon limit, Nyquist 2-bit rule, etc.
I'd be very annoyed if it just 'disappeared' into the bit-bucket.

@_date: 1993-02-08 09:09:16
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
OK, fearing the worst (maybe I forgot to CC my message to cypherpunks, but I'm
sure I did), I'll repost my original message.  It was a God-sent that I got cut off last night while composing it, and expreserve preserved it.
Here it is:
Woops!  Sorry.  To compensate, I'll give more information.  In the Bell 103
system (FSK), the frequencies are 2125Hz for answer, and 1170Hz for originate
carriers, with the frequency shifts being +/- 100Hz.  Compare with CCITT's
V.21, and substitute the carrier frequencies with 1750 and 1080Hz.  Same
+/- 100Hz shifting.
Someone else mentioned the almighty Claude Shannon in another message concern-
ing maximum bit-rate of a voice channel, and I wanted to clear up what was said.  Shannon's capacity formula said capacity in bits-per-second equals
bandwidth of channel in hertz times the base-2 (binary) logarithm of one plus
the signal (in watts) to noise (in watts) ratio.  As a side note, I say watts
because commonly, today, you measure signal and noise levels in decibels (dB),
and the S/N ratio is in dBm's (decibels per milliwatt).
In the phone system, we say a voice frequency channel (VFC) has a bandwidth of
4kHz.  In-band signalling is approximately from .3 to 3kHz.  This formula
(yielding the Shannon limit) is based on a "Gaussian Band Limited Channel"
(GBLC), which is an approximation of a VFC, with a signal wave of S watts
at the input of an "ideal" low-pass filter, subjected to Gaussian noise with
a mean power of N watts (uniformly).  Written, it's C = W log2(1 + S/N).
A simple example you can do in your head is W=3000Hz, pick an S/N of 1023,
1+1023 is 1024, and base-2 log of 1024 is simply 10, 3000 * 10 is 30000, so
Shannon's limit for these values is C = 30000bps.  Play with it.  Bear in mind,
Shannon didn't consider intersymbol interference.  Nyquist did.  Compare this
to Harry Nyquist's 2-bit rule, 2W, or double the bandwidth, and get the maximum
bit rate (this line of thinking led him to the infamous Nyquist sampling
theorem, sample at a rate twice the bandwidth of a channel, and you have all
the information you need to reconstruct it at the receiving end).  But Nyquist
deals only with binary systems.  Shannon's formula shows that theoretically
you could increase the data rate indefinitely by increasing the S/N ratio.
We achieve this in modern modulation systems by using multilevel systems,
(M-ary for short, with M > 2), and hence the protocols I described in my
previous message.  We can apply Nyquist's 2-bit rule to the multilevel system
by saying 2W log2 M bps is achievable, with an acceptable error rate.  As we
increase M (number of bits per symbol), so we have to find ways to increase
the signal to noise ratio, to maintain an acceptable error rate.
The whole thing is stupendously interesting to me, as I hope it is to the
rest of you folks.  To blow your mind with sheer genius, read Shannon's
classic "A Mathematical Theory of Communication" in Bell System Tech Journal,
July and October of '48 at your local university.  Also Nyquist's "Certain
Topics in Telegraph Transmission Theory", April '28.  Know your roots.
Good night.

@_date: 1993-02-09 01:17:08
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
Good question.  By the way, I think I may have slipped and reversed my units
in signal to noise ratios.  A minor typo.  The signal and noise are in dBm's
(decibels per milliwatt), and the resultant S/N ratio is in dB's (decibels).
A little background info: the ideal voice frequency channel has a FLAT
amplitude/frequency response, that is, it's uniform over the pass-band
(approx. .3 to 3kHz).  In reality, this isn't the case, but we want it to
be as close as possible.  In North America, we test signal level at 1kHz
(precisely 1004).  If we input a signal at -10dBm, we want -10dBm at the output.  The common type of test-line in the phone system for this purpose
is nicknamed the "milliwatt test", and is a continuous interrupted 1004Hz
tone.  Depending on the nature of the channel being tested, there would be
acceptable guidelines that would have to be met with.  For example, a typical
S/N value might be 40dB, based on customer satisfaction of line quality.
Another common test-line in wide use is the type-105 ATMS, Automatic Trans-
mission Measurement System (nicknamed "responders").  Signalled with Multi-
Frequency tones (MF), it is capable of doing: signal at 404, 1004, and 2804Hz
at two different levels (for comparative S/N ratios at the low, middle, and
top portion of the passband, a major improvement on the older "sweep tone"
method), and two types of noise (again I remember at two levels), the most
common being C-message noise (dBrnC).  C-message weighting is the modern means
of measuring signal and noise amplitude/frequency response, based on today's
telephone handsets (there were two previous major Western Electric weightings,
144 and F1A, now obsoleted).  The standard reference frequency (1004Hz), was
established by picking a frequency in the pass-band where the signal level
was JUST discernible by the human ear, and is between -85 to -90dBm, and the
derived units are positive.  We consider the noise measurement knowing the
zero reference (ideally 0 dB difference at the reference frequency), and the
weighting characteristics of the C-message standard telephone handset.
Unfortunately, I can't draw you a chart, but there is a characteristic curve
of frequency-response in weightings of channel noise for the C-message handset.
Noise measurement instruments have artificial filters that simulate the
response of the modern handset.
Am I making any sense?  I hope I am.  What I'm getting at, is that the accept-
able guidelines of signal and noise levels is simply based upon a chosen
standard handset sensitivity.  Got it?  C'mon!  It's easy!

@_date: 1993-02-09 01:39:03
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
(stuff deleted)
I was probably being unclear.  According to my text, Shannon's capacity formula
does not account for intersymbol interference.  My text also states that Nyquist used intersymbol interference as a limit in his 2-bit rule.  I'm
considering my text to be correct, because the capacity formula doesn't account
for the imperfections (like intersymbol interference) and other problems
encountered in practice (envelope delay distortion, the need for echo cancell-
ation, etc.).  And in your words, it says that you can, but it doesn't say how.
For those who just tuned in, intersymbol interference refers to when the residual tail or bounce of a dying pulse interferes with a subsequent pulse.

@_date: 1993-02-11 21:43:13
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Viral encryption 
I'm sick and tired of all the virus hoo-hah myself.  The only "anti-virus
software" a hacker needs is DEBUG.  And maybe your favorite sector editor
utility, like DISKEDIT.  Anything more, and you're an embarassment.
Why don't you just send your life savings to McAfee while you're at it.
I could go and quote P. T. Barnum right now, but I think my point is made.

@_date: 1993-02-19 07:10:55
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: toad.com mailing list postings from possible virus authors 
Granted the idiocy of Mr. High-and-Mighty Army Man's opinion of what people
can and can't say, I couldn't help but point out two silly things in the
message he's complaining about:
[stuff deleted]
Either he's explaining it wrong, or the author is actually foolish enough to
think that people won't simply just IGNORE the randomly placed NOPs and only
consider the other instruction codes in forming a signature(s).  Wowie.
Real programmers know that the strength of polymorphic code lies in the fact
that the same instruction can be coded as numerous different opcodes on Intel
Why does he keep referring to MtE, as "DAME"???
It never ceases to amaze me how such an elementary and sophomoric subject as
viruses can cause the strangest reactions from some people.  I think it has
something to do with the noxious connotations of the word 'virus'.  Maybe if
we all just agreed to call them 'nuisance programs', like flies on a horse's
rear-end, they wouldn't cause such fool panic.
On a finer note, I know a couple more of my "non-privacy in the phone system"
messages are in order, I was pleased by the response I got.  I'll try and work
myself into the mood.

@_date: 1993-02-22 21:00:43
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Trapdoors 
But that's not a population count (all bits set count) instruction.
In the Motorola 68020/30/40, there's BFFFO, for Bit Field Find First One,
if anyone was curious about 'find first set' instructions.  Might as well
mention that the 386/486 have BSF and BSR, Bit Scan Forward and Reverse,
but now we're just getting into run-of-the-mill bit manipulation.

@_date: 1993-02-25 18:15:09
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Poor Man's Anonymous Remailer 
It's OSPS, by the way, referring to AT&T's Operator Service Position System,
operating on 5ESS switches, and the successor to TSPS.  And it's double zero,
('00'), not a single one.  '0' gets you your local BOC operator.  Also, TSPS
has been defunct for a number of years.
Currently, ANI is not passed along by OSPS, but the area code is, so you're
not completely anonymous.  I wouldn't expect this to last for any stretch of
time either, it isn't the most difficult thing in the world to simply pass
the entire number along.

@_date: 1993-02-26 11:06:38
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: DES 
Slow down.  Firstly, DES encrypts a 64-bit block with a 56-bit key.  Are
you talking about key lengths?  It was originally proposed to use a 128-bit
key space, alla IBM's LUCIFER.  But they opted on the smaller key, which
fuels this NSA conspiracy theory.  The other major thing, are the S-boxes,
which no one has been able to deduce the reasoning behind the choice of the
values, and that's the source of the "backdoor" theory.
Saying that Hellman "broke" anything is a bit strong.  I remember reading
a published paper, I believe by Hellman and one other, describing that they
were able to WEAKEN DES (with a smaller key space for their experiment), using
a statistical approach, and that this could possibly be applied to the DES
Now this is just hearsay with no basis in fact, only rumor.
It remains that DES's only real "weakness", is that a major corporation,
sparing no expense, can have many massively-parallel machines at their
disposal, and do an exhaustive search of the key space.  Which is just
to state the obvious, that as computing speed increases, the amount of time
to do an exhaustive search decreases.  This has nothing to do with crypto-
graphic weaknesses in DES, as you're suggesting.
If you're not just some NSA-paranoid wacko, reference some papers to back
up your claims.  Otherwise, you're just another NSA-conspiracy theorist,
and part of the noise.  We're all capable of suspecting underhandedness
on the part of the NSA, but when you start misrepresenting your opinions
as fact, you're being nonconstructive. It would be of interest to all cypherpunks to be kept abreast of the academic
research being done in this area, and someone may wish to post a list of
recommended papers to read on developments in cryptographic weaknesses.

@_date: 1993-02-26 20:31:22
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: DES 
Many manufacturers make DES chips.  One that comes to mind is American Micro
Devices, though I don't remember a part number off hand.  I can find out and
post it to the list.  I do remember reading the data sheet, and it looked
like a nice implementation.  If I'm not mistaken, Motorola makes one as well,
though it may have been obsoleted by improvements in speed.

@_date: 1993-02-28 21:50:55
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: CFP Costs Too Much! 
It should be noted that journalists aren't the only people eligible for
free admission.  There's a scholarship program open to students/hackers/etc.
If you can't get in free (it's obviously too late now), or otherwise be
sponsored by an employer or other, the pricey fee does tend to exclude people
who would otherwise benefit the conference and vice versa.
What I can suggest, knowing the hotel it's going to be at (same as first),
is hang out in the spacious lobby and mingle/eat/drink/etc.  A number of
people did this.  Much of the "conference" is interaction with people, outside
of the panels.

@_date: 1993-02-28 22:12:28
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: more annoying philosophizing on anonymity 
[stuff deleted]
You fail to realize the obvious.  Anyone who makes use of "vast public
infrastructures" is also usually defenseless against the POWERS THAT BE,
and fall victim to them abusing this power.
Your snail mail can be intercepted/stolen and read at the command of the
federales, any and all telephone calls can be intercepted/blocked/eavesdropped
Sorry, but I'll take my chances with "fragile remailers", and the choice of
use dictated by the positive reputations of both the remailer and the sender.

@_date: 1993-01-23 21:55:16
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: This list... 
I'm not one to overlook the obvious.  Is it desireable that any Tom, Dick, or
Harry can telnet to toad's SMTP port, and use the sendmail expand command to
list everyone on this mailing list?
I'm sure less net-savvy users on this list are unaware, and it should be said.

@_date: 1993-01-26 01:30:08
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: This list... 
Thank you.  Welcome to the world of common sense.
It's a given that certain things you just can't be secure against.
But when you don't take every precaution, no matter how small, it's
called laziness.
Not fixing it with the excuse that people have to understand or accept the
overall insecurity of things in general sounds pretty idiotic to me.
It isn't such a big deal.

@_date: 1993-01-29 00:19:39
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: Is this true??? 
That last message containing info on purported phone company monitoring
activities was the biggest load of propagandist bullshit I think I've seen
in a long time.
I'm sure it generated the expected fear and paranoia amongst more ignorant

@_date: 1993-06-16 11:10:40
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: WORD... 
I was just curious...  I saw the WordPerfect crack files on soda, and I'm
interesting in knowing if anyone knows where I can find a utility that can
crack Microsoft WORD encryption.  If you don't have an actual utility, but
you know how they encrypt, that's fine too.

@_date: 1993-03-02 13:56:43
@_author: Phiber Optik 
@_subject: tapping 
Mike Watson rediscovers inductance, and the inductive tap.
Film at 11.
