
@_date: 2011-11-29 16:43:49
@_author: Enrique Piraces 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exactly how are satellite transmissions 
Hi all, thanks for the detailed responses on this thread. I'm trying to understand how weak BGAN, Thuraya, Iridium encryption could be. For example one of them claims in its site that "Thuraya's integrated satellite communication solutions are rapidly deployable, employ the highest level of encryption, and are proven in meeting exacting security standards for use in the field."
Beyond the ability that some may have to detect the location of a call/connection and log their calls, how true is that their encryption can protect the contents of the information transmitted? Is the risk the same for each voice/data/text?
Is part of the solution to use encryption modules like Thuraya is easy to monitor. It's not even expensive. There are
commercial solutions and there are non-commercial projects that work
with common hardware. Satellite communication networks are absolutely
not secure to use without additional protection. If location anonymity
is important, I highly advise against using satellite communications
technology. Unless you've properly tampered with the device to falsify
the location reporting, you're probably not as secure as you'd like...
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2011-11-29 19:11:24
@_author: Enrique Piraces 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Exactly how are satellite transmissions 
Thanks Matt. Indeed there seems to be a significant number of options to intercept, for example, Thuraya.
For those interested, a few sample results of a quick google search:
"The L-3 TRL Thuraya Monitoring System that passively
intercepts C-band and L-band downlinks from the Thuraya satellites.
The TMS monitors transmissions from the Thuraya handset to the
network via the satellite at C-band, and monitors transmissions from
the network to the Thuraya handset at L-band. This provides full duplex
interception and recording for all calls passing through the seven
spotbeams centered on the installed system"
More on this: Brian, I'd be interested in learning more about the product of your research.
Hi all, thanks for the detailed responses on this thread.
I'm trying to understand how weak BGAN, Thuraya, Iridium encryption
could be. For example one of them claims in its site that "Thuraya's
integrated satellite communication solutions are rapidly deployable,
employ the highest level of encryption, and are proven in meeting
exacting security standards for use in the field."
A security self-evaluation by a company's marketing department isn't
worth much.
Beyond the ability that some may have to detect the location of a
call/connection and log their calls, how true is that their encryption
can protect the contents of the information transmitted? Is the risk
the same for each voice/data/text?
Thuraya is a telecom company, which means the default assumption should
be that they:
- use poorly-implemented crypto that can be defeated by sophisticated
 third parties
- have built-in "lawful intercept capability"
- have extensive logging and data retention
- will hand this data over to authorities at the slightest provocation
The past decade has shown us the above is true of basically all
terrestrial providers, and there's no good reason to think satellite is
different. And there's no reason to think they've done a better job with
their crypto tech than the industry groups that created WEP and GSM.
Is part of the solution to use encryption modules like No. The first two bullet points above (at least!) probably apply. The
only way for a private citizen to get assurances that are better than
marketing copy is to use open source tools that have survived the close
public scrutiny of the security community.
Mathematics is the supreme nostalgia of our time.
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-02-16 14:42:12
@_author: Enrique Piraces 
@_subject: [liberationtech] The Art of Digital Surveillance and Things to 
Do you have more info on what are the things to come in Pakistan?  Any info on the current state of surveillance technology there? Spending trends?
Privacy Int'l has some info on who has attended ISS: Sent: Thursday, February 16, 2012 1:25 AM
The Art of Digital Surveillance and Things to Come in Pakistan
By Arzak Khan
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-11-19 15:21:17
@_author: Enrique Piraces 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Human Rights Watch - Killer Robots report 
Dear libtech colleagues,
This may be of interest. Full report: Press release goes below
Enrique Piraces
Human Rights Watch
Ban 'Killer Robots' Before It's Too Late
Fully Autonomous Weapons Would Increase Danger to Civilians
(Washington, DC, November 19, 2012) - Governments should pre-emptively ban fully autonomous weapons because of the danger they pose to civilians in armed conflict, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. These future weapons, sometimes called "killer robots," would be able to choose and fire on targets without human intervention.
The 50-page report, "Losing Humanity: The Case Against Killer Robots," outlines concerns about these fully autonomous weapons, which would inherently lack human qualities that provide legal and non-legal checks on the killing of civilians. In addition, the obstacles to holding anyone accountable for harm caused by the weapons would weaken the law's power to deter future violations.
"Giving machines the power to decide who lives and dies on the battlefield would take technology too far," said Steve Goose, Arms Division director at Human Rights Watch. "Human control of robotic warfare is essential to minimizing civilian deaths and injuries."
"Losing Humanity" is the first major publication about fully autonomous weapons by a nongovernmental organization and is based on extensive research into the law, technology, and ethics of these proposed weapons. It is jointly published by Human Rights Watch and the Harvard Law School International Human Rights Clinic.
Human Rights Watch and the International Human Rights Clinic called for an international treaty that would absolutely prohibit the development, production, and use of fully autonomous weapons. They also called on individual nations to pass laws and adopt policies as important measures to prevent development, production, and use of such weapons at the domestic level.
Fully autonomous weapons do not yet exist, and major powers, including the United States, have not made a decision to deploy them. But high-tech militaries are developing or have already deployed precursors that illustrate the push toward greater autonomy for machines on the battlefield. The United States is a leader in this technological development. Several other countries - including China, Germany, Israel, South Korea, Russia, and the United Kingdom - have also been involved. Many experts predict that full autonomy for weapons could be achieved in 20 to 30 years, and some think even sooner.
"It is essential to stop the development of killer robots before they show up in national arsenals," Goose said. "As countries become more invested in this technology, it will become harder to persuade them to give it up."
Fully autonomous weapons could not meet the requirements of international humanitarian law, Human Rights Watch and the Harvard clinic said. They would be unable to distinguish adequately between soldiers and civilians on the battlefield or apply the human judgment necessary to evaluate the proportionality of an attack - whether civilian harm outweighs military advantage.
These robots would also undermine non-legal checks on the killing of civilians. Fully autonomous weapons could not show human compassion for their victims, and autocrats could abuse them by directing them against their own people. While replacing human troops with machines could save military lives, it could also make going to war easier, which would shift the burden of armed conflict onto civilians.
Finally, the use of fully autonomous weapons would create an accountability gap. Trying to hold the commander, programmer, or manufacturer legally responsible for a robot's actions presents significant challenges. The lack of accountability would undercut the ability to deter violations of international law and to provide victims meaningful retributive justice.
While most militaries maintain that for the immediate future humans will retain some oversight over the actions of weaponized robots, the effectiveness of that oversight is questionable, Human Rights Watch and the Harvard clinic said. Moreover, military statements have left the door open to full autonomy in the future.
"Action is needed now, before killer robots cross the line from science fiction to feasibility," Goose said.
Full report:
***To view video feature:
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
