
@_date: 1995-12-04 09:14:57
@_author: Paul Koning 1695 
@_subject: key escrow compromise 
Quoting: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" Well, I would tend to disagree.  If PGP weren't out, you might conceivably
have a point.  Given that it is out, are you suggesting that the NSA would
be able to make all copies of it go away?  And all copies of PEM?
And everyone else's encrypted Email programs including all those
available from many other countries?  Shutting down the Internet
completely wouldn't be a sufficient measure to make that happen.
I remember some clear statements that this is the goal, as should be
obvious, since any smaller goal doesn't make any sense.
Well, I don't know why a government agency that calls itself a agency one minute and hides underneath special government
monopoly privileges should be given yet another special
privilege, but anyway... yes, clearly at some point we will need
certification that will make digital signatures useable.
However, that has NO connection with GAK, and in fact is a strong
argument against it.  If the government has access to my keys, then
why should anyone trust my signature?  Conversely, certification
for digital signatures involves making statements about the validity
of PUBLIC keys, and imposes NO requirement on private keys.
     paul

@_date: 1995-11-08 01:32:15
@_author: Paul Koning 1695 
@_subject: using pgp to make an otp 
Will it ever sink in that NO algorithm produces a "random" bitstring, and
therefore NO algorithm can be the driver of a one time pad?
The output of an algorithm is (at best) PSEUDOrandom.  While a stream
cypher constructed that way may be strong, it is NOT a one time pad and
does NOT share with one time pad the unique property of being absolutely
unbreakable from first principles.  (It may very well have the property that
it is too hard to break in practice -- if so it makes a useful cryptosystem.
But to call such a thing "OTP" indicates a fundamental misunderstanding.)
See the sci.crypt FAQ for more details.
     paul
 ----------
No, however the output of "pgp +makerandom=XXX filename.dat" _IS_
random enough for an OTP.  The problem then becomes distributing this
 -derek

@_date: 1995-11-13 23:49:41
@_author: Paul Koning 1695 
@_subject: POTP Security 
I saw that comment earlier.  It's rather a curious statement, given that the
rule of publication vs. patents is that publication before FILING kills
your ability to get the patent (in most countries) whereas publication
after filing but before grant is not an issue at all.  This explains why
you often see a mad scramble in companies when something
patentable is about to be announced at a trade show, or explained
in a white paper... the filing has to be in the mail before that happens.
But only just before... whether the patent office takes days or years
to grant the patent doesn't matter.
     paul

@_date: 1995-10-20 09:02:17
@_author: Paul Koning 1695 
@_subject: "power one time pad" 
I'd be interested in reactions to the article in Network World, 10/16/95 page 53.  It describes a supposed cryptosystem that sounds bogus, but
I can't make up my mind about how much is the system and how much is
the confusion of the author.
Among other things, it says that POTP "doesn't use an encryption algorithm;
instead it synchronizes random processes on two computers as they
communicate".  (I wonder if the author understands that that's just another
way to describe encryption algorithms...)  The other claim is that it the need to manage keys.  "... there is no need for central servers where keys ... are kept".
This seems like a strange claim because of course PGP doesn't require
central servers, but more importantly, you can't do authentication without
at least one piece of keying data being established out of band.  That
could be a certification authority public key, but you need something
to get started.
Supposedly this thing was shown at Interop.  Did anyone see it, and does
the product make sense even if the article didn't?
(One thing that disturbes me about the product name is the use of the
phrase "one time pad".  Since the "random" processes are presumably
not random but rather pseudo-random, there is no one time pad involved
at all, but rather a plain old stream cypher of some sort, which may or
may not be secure in practice but cannot have the "secure from first
principles" property that real one time pad has.)
     paul
     (pkoning at chipcom.com)

@_date: 1995-10-24 09:36:24
@_author: Paul Koning 1695 
@_subject: Reformated: How secure.... 
(Re Steve O's Privasoft followup)
Your reply didn't really answer all the questions that have been raised.
You mention a 2 digit key extension, so does that mean the key is 11 digits?
If not, how is a key extension different from a key?
Given that the program is exportable, why is it any stronger than any other
exportable system?
Re how you would recognize readable text: if the scramble is good, the
output would tend to look like white noise.  An invalid decrypt would have same general look.  But a valid one would have the properties of a normal
fax, which is long run lengths.  So if you do a run length check on the you could readily distinguish a valid decrypt from an invalid one.
Incidentally, I looked at the sample encrypted document on the web.  It has
an amazing amount of structure in it, and certainly doesn't look at all like white noise I expected.  That in itself suggests a weakness.  (Notice the
dashed lines running down the page, 7 of them...)
Also, you forgot to address the known plaintext attack.  If I have both and cyphertext, then recognition of the correct decryption is no longer an
issue (it's simply a compare).  For the system to be valid by modern it has to be secure against a known plaintext attack, and preferably against
a chosen plaintext attack.  (In other words, if I get you to fax an image of choosing I should still not be able to recover the key.)  It doesn't appear it is secure in that sense.
Finally, the property you mention of being able to cope with damaged images
doesn't sound at all unique.  You would fail to have this property if you a block cypher with long blocks, a cypher with error propagation (e.g. CBC
mode in DES), or any cypher applied to the compressed form of the fax.
But any stream cypher or transposition cypher (as I gather you use) applied
against the raw bitmap has this property, since any flaws in the encrypted
image would simply become noise in the plaintext image.  (A black line
would become a gray line in a stream cypher; in a transposition cypher it
becomes pixel dust on the page.)
     paul

@_date: 1995-10-27 22:55:15
@_author: Paul Koning 1695 
@_subject: Linux security issues 
Not all of them.  In at least one (VMS) you can pin pages in physical i.e., prevent them from being written to disk.  Actually, any OS that does directly to user pages has that capability in the kernel; in the case of VMS
(and possibly others, I don't know) it also exists as a system service that
applications can invoke.
This solves the problem: you can pin a suitable number of pages, and put
your sensitive data buffers there.
     paul
