
@_date: 2000-09-15 08:34:12
@_author: PlanetIT Announcements 
@_subject: CDR: New Roundtables On Planet IT 
Dear Planet IT Member:
It's time for Planet IT's newest Roundtables! Join industry experts and fellow IT professionals to get mission-critical IT solutions today: Here are the new Roundtables, listed by Planet IT Technology Center. All are ready for you to join now.
Advanced IP Services: "Advanced Networks: Only As Good As The Infrastructure." Led by Brian Chee, director of the University of Hawaii's advanced network computing lab. New cabling standards can affect the bottom line. Discover the hidden costs of network upgrades, as well as which upgrades work best with which products.
Careers/Training: "Severance In The Dot-Com Age." Led by Alan S. Horowitz, author of "The Unofficial Guide to Hiring and Firing People." Dot-com job loss is up 40 percent this year, so it's probably a good time to learn the basics of severance packages. How does dot-com severance compare with that at traditional companies? Should companies offer severance when they're struggling just to keep the doors open? If you're a part of the Internet economy, this discussion is vital.
Data Management: "The Future of Data Mining." Led by Herb Edelstein, data-mining expert and president of Two Crows Corp. Where are data-mining technologies headed? Where can these new tools be best used? Whether you're a data-mining novice or an old hand, join this Roundtable and learn more.
Linux: "The Multi-Tier Enterprise and Linux." Led by Alex Samonte, chief engineer at SiteSmith Inc. Linux is moving into sites with multi-tier architectures and co-locations, and performance, scalability, and availability are becoming key issues. But Linux still lacks database integration and other high-end features. What will it take to push it to the next level?
Mobile Computing: "Can Cell Phones Kill?" Led by Penelope Stetz, consultant and author of "The Cell Phone Handbook." Are the microwaves generated by cell phones a risk to your workers' health? Is your company vulnerable to litigation? Are employees at risk when they talk on the phone while driving? Post a question or comment to this Roundtable, and you'll be eligible to win a free copy of Penelope Stetz's book.
Networking: "The Changing Face Of Intelligent Content Networking." Led by John Pappas, director of technical marketing at Enterasys Networks. Customers running complex networks need switches that can handle the job -- from balancing traffic loads and managing bandwidth to caching URLs and data. And hardware vendors are responding, offering devices boasting a laundry list of features.
New Economy: "The Digital Economy Demands A New Business Model." Led by Don Tapscott, David Ticoll, and Alex Lowy, chairman, CEO, and managing partner, respectively, of Digital 4Sight, and co-authors of "Digital Capital: Harnessing The Power of Business Webs." High-quality data, an agile salesforce, and innovative marketing don't determine success anymore. The Business Web -- an elaborate network of suppliers, distributors, service providers, and customers -- does, and it's destroying the old models of wealth creation. Is your company ready? Services: "Outsourcing Web Development." Led by Thom Holmes, chief wrangler of digital media for The Daily Deal. Faced with outsourcing website development? Join this Roundtable to learn what it takes to select the right developer, define a development project, control project scope, and speed the design and development process.
Storage: "Think Secondary Storage."  Led by Kirti Vashee, vice president of Smart Storage Inc. In today's data-packed environment, a storage scheme means more than racks of hard disks. Secondary storage solutions can fit into your current and future computing strategies.
Systems Management: "Secure User Management." Led by Kurt Long, president and CEO of OpenNetwork Technologies, and Bob Worner, vice president of product management. Get ready for the challenges of secure-user solutions -- and find out how your organization can open itself to millions of users without overburdening IT or putting corporate assets at risk.
Web Design & Development: "Smart Web Design: Back to Basics." Led by Chuck Sirois and Scott Whitmore, vice president of creative services and Webmaster, respectively, at ScreamDesign.com. Smart design, management, and promotion can help you make the most of your Web presence. Learn how to create effective navigation, use dynamic HTML, and employ meta tags -- the key to being found by search engines. Remember, when you join a Planet IT Roundtable, you'll gain: * New skills, technologies, and practices * Free book chapters, white papers, and other vital information * Advice from your fellow IT professionals and industry experts
* Solutions to pressing IT challenges
Join any or all of these new Roundtables: See you online,
Peter Krass Editor Planet IT News, Technology, Advice, Community  pkrass at cmp.com
P.S. Miss a previous Roundtable? Then visit Planet IT's Roundtable archives. Go to the main Roundtables page, scroll down to the menu labeled "View past Roundtables," and select a topic area. Like the new Roundtables, these archives are ready for you now:  Subscribe to Planet IT newsletters:
UNSUBSCRIBE: To stop receiving Planet IT promotions, reply to mailto:cmpnet-announcements at lists.cmpnet.com with the word "unsubscribe" in the Subject field.
This message powered by Flonetwork
