
@_date: 2007-12-12 04:49:25
@_author: Paul Levy 
@_subject: Important new protection for anonymous speech in Texas 
The Texas Court of Appeals for the Sixth Appellate District at  Texarkana took an important step today toward protecting the rights of  Internet bloggers in Texas to write anonymously. In an opinion issued  by Justice Jack Carter in Essent v. Doe, the court of appeals joins a  broad consensus of state and federal courts in insisting that  plaintiffs present sufficient evidence to show they could win at trial  before gaining access to information identifying anonymous speakers  whom they wish to sue for wrongdoing.
The case arose from a blog about the Paris Regional Medical Center in  Paris, Texas, which included analysis of problems at the hospital ( ). Claiming a concern for patient privacy, Essent, the operator of the  Medical Center, sued for defamation, and immediately sought discovery  to identify the employees who, Essent claimed, were revealing  confidential patient information in the course of criticizing abuses  at the hospital.  The Doe, represented by James Rodgers of the Moore  Law Firm in Paris, sought to block discovery but District Judge Scott  McDowell upheld the request. However, the Court of Appeals has now  reversed and remanded the case to give the hospital a chance to submit  evidence for consideration under the proper legal standard.
In ruling, the court recognized that although Internet anonymity can  be abused, the right to speak anonymously online is protected by the  First Amendment. That right cannot be denied absent real evidence  supporting the plaintiffbs claims of wrongdoing.  Otherwise, the very  threat of litigation will have a serious chilling effect on anonymous  speech.  The court also agreed with rulings in other states that  declare an anonymous blogger has bstandingb to oppose discovery even  though the discovery demand is directed to a third-party Internet  hosting service, and that a blogger has the right to appeal if their  request for anonymity is denied.
The decision is not a perfect one. Unlike last monthbs decision of the  Arizona Court of Appeals in Mobilisa v. Doe, and the 2001 ruling of  the New Jersey Appellate Division in Dendrite v. Doe,  the Texas Court  of Appeals did not add an explicit balancing step, under which, for  example, the danger of retaliation against an employee whistleblower  can be considered in deciding whether the plaintiff has put in enough  evidence of wrongdoing.  This case may well present a realistic  possibility of such retaliation.  So far as I have been able to  determine, the balancing step was not proposed to the Texas court.
Still, the requirement of presenting evidence provides an important  measure of protection for employee whistleblowers and other anonymous  critics of powerful corporations, political figures, and others.
The opinion can be found on the web site of the Texas Court of Appeals  at (We have not been involved in the Essent case, having learned about  the appeal too late to submit our views as friend of the court)
Paul Alan Levy
Public Citizen Litigation Group
1600 - 20th Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20009
(202) 588-1000
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-02-13 09:37:27
@_author: Paul Levy 
@_subject: New case on the right of anonymous free speech 
I want to call your attention to a case just filed by my colleague
Jennifer Soble on behalf of an anonymous Internet speaker whose
identity was revealed by his ISP, nj.com, without giving the speaker
any notice or opportunity to oppose disclosure.  Even though New
Jersey is the state the pioneered the protection of anonymous
Internet speakers by the adoption of the "Dendrite" standard
requiring notice and proof of wrongdoing before a subpoena can be
enforced (established in 2001 by Dendrite International v Doe), and
even though nj.com is run by a consortium of New Jersey newspapers
that ought to appreciate the need to protect anonymous sources,
nj.com released its customer's identity without making any effort to
determine whether there might be a basis for opposing the subpoena
and without any notice to the anonymous speaker so that he could move
to quash the subpoena in the manner for which Dendrite provides.  The
result was that the speaker (who criticized local firefighters on a
community blog run by nj.com) was identified publicly on the blog,
ridiculed, and run out of town.  The lawsuit claims that nj.com's
release of identifying information without any notice was a violation
of the ISP's privacy policy as well as being a tort under New Jersey
Paul Alan Levy
Public Citizen Litigation Group
1600 - 20th Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20009
(202) 588-1000
PUBLIC CITIZEN PRESS RELEASE
For Immediate Release:           Contact: Jennifer Soble (248)
568-7660 Feb. 13, 2007
Robert Yule (202) 588-7703
Public Citizen Represents Former New Jersey Town Council Member in
Suit Against Internet News Site
NJ.com Breached Contract by Revealing Identity of Anonymous Poster,
Suit Says
WASHINGTON, D.C. - An online news site unlawfully revealed the
identity of a former New Jersey town official who had posted
anonymous comments on its message board, according to a lawsuit filed
today by Public Citizen on behalf of the official. When his identity
was made known, he was publicly humiliated and forced to resign.
Michael Gallucci, a former town councilman for Teaneck, N.J., posted
messages anonymously on a Teaneck area message board on NJ.com, a
news site and Internet service provider (ISP) owned by New Jersey On-
Line, LLC.  The ISP provides a forum dedicated to many towns within
the state where visitors to the Web site can anonymously post
comments related to the locality.
criticisms of William J. Brennan, a firefighter who had been employed
with the Teaneck Fire Department. Brennan was a regular poster on
NJ.com's Teaneck message board, where he lodged frequent complaints
against the Teaneck Council under the name "WJBrennan." Prior to Dec.
16, Brennan had also been a party to approximately 10 lawsuits
involving the township of Teaneck, as well as the Teaneck Council
The ISP unlawfully released Galluci's identity publicly on the
message board after it received a subpoena from Brennan's lawyer. New
Jersey law requires that anonymous Internet users first be given
notice before subpoenas seeking their identity can be enforced, so
that the speaker can challenge the validity of the subpoena and
protect his identity.
The release of his name on the message board led to overwhelming
criticism of Galluci, his forced resignation from the Township
Council, and public humiliation as the story was picked up by local
and major media outlets. Galluci, who grew up in Teaneck and whose
social network, including his family and friends, was located in the
township, felt forced leave Teaneck. He quickly sold his home and
relocated to another city.
"When a newspaper is asked or even subpoenaed to identify a source of
one of its news stories, any paper worth its salt would fight the
subpoena before revealing that information," said Jennifer Soble, a
lawyer for Public Citizen who is litigating the case. "When a
newspaper invites citizens to comment on its Web site, it owes those
citizens the same protections against unreasonable intrusions into
their privacy."
To view the lawsuit, filed in the Superior Court of New Jersey, visit
Public Citizen has a record of defending the First Amendment rights
of Internet users. To learn more, visit Public Citizen is a national, nonprofit consumer advocacy
organization based in Washington, D.C. For more information, please
see Archives: Powered by Listbox: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
