
@_date: 1997-04-29 19:03:54
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Fingerprint Stego 
Georgia in fact has a mandated fingerprint requirement for obtaining a
driver's license.  Practices vary from station to station, but there have
been reports of handicapped or others who do not fingerprint properly being
denied a driver's license.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org

@_date: 1997-08-19 11:55:40
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
I'd appreciate some EMAIL comments on what anonymous remailers are used for, in particular the remailer at anon.efga.org.
The "Georgia Cracker" remailer, like any remailer, has had several people complain about it's existence.  While I've received various emails telling me the remailer is a bad thing, including veiled legal threats, I've yet to see even one note that tells why it is a good thing.  I'd appreciate some comments on why the system should be maintained.
There are two main reasons for this.  First, I need to explain to others at EFGA why this remailer is being maintained.  Secondly, I need to write an affidavit explaining why the remailer should not be shut down.  I'd really appreciate anyone who has used anon.efga.org EMAILing me with what purpose it serves.  Anonymous comments are of course very welcome.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-08-19 21:03:44
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
Once again Tim's ability to convey information befuddles my ability to respond.
While I would support Tim's suggestion that the KKK has as much right to use an anonymous remailer as much as anyone, Tim doesn't provide much help here.  When  looking into which court to sue Georgia in over anonymity, we had a choice between Federal Court and State court.  While the Georgia's 11th district Federal court has been pro free speech and we thought would favor anonymity, the state court has not been so respectful of the constitution.  The Georgia State court's last ruling on anonymity was to declare that anonymity was illegal.  The case in point is that a KKK member wanted to wear his mask in public.  As is the case in several states, Georgia passed a law declaring the use of a mask to be illegal.  This was upheld by the state supreme court.
The real problem here was not anonymity, but the use of the KKK as a representation of why anonymity should be allowed.  Had this been a 10 year old in a Halloween mask on the last day of October, the case would surely have gone differently.  So much for the conceptual reasons why Tim's comment does not help.  On a more "where the rubber hits the road" view, Tim's comment fails on the grounds that he apparently has nothing to do with the Georgia KKK.
In Georgia, while we have won a temporary injunction and assume we will see the law fully struck down, EFGA is still involved in lawsuit against the state over internet anonymity.  I actually don't contemplate another affidavit in this case, but it may happen.  If I need to write another affidavit in support of the remailer, I will only have about two weeks to get it done.  We hope the Georgia lawsuit will resolve itself in another 30 days or so.
I'm actually more concerned about action against the remailer itself.  I wouldn't be surprised to be approached concerning criminal charges against myself concerning the remailer's operation.  We began discussing this with attorneys and others more than a year ago.
I have no idea what the court would make of my submission of material I received anonymously.  While I could submit "I have been told....", "I have received comments that tell me...", I can't personally testify under oath to Tim's example of removing the ZOG gov't.  I can state that I've been told the remailer has been used for purposes that I wouldn't personally approve of and express my apologies to parents of a particular little girl.  The fact remains that unsolicited feedback on the system has not been good comments.  We could use a good story or two.
Another issue is internal in the operation of the remailer itself.  While I'm not the only one involved in the operation of the remailer, I get called on to defend it's existence.  The question of why to have a remailer, and the question of why to set up and run a remailer are two different things.  The remailer sounds good in theory.  Actual operation of the system is a different thing entirely.  The remailer is more than just a pain.  It is a time-bomb waiting to go off.
If anyone has any comments on how they have used the Georgia Cracker remailer, I'd appreciate the comments being emailed to me.  Anonymously or not.
  -- Robert, pooh at efga.org

@_date: 1997-12-02 03:24:22
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: RICE v PALADIN ENTERPRISES 
Barnes and Noble does in fact sell "Hit Man" for $10, the apparent list
price.  While a non stocked item, it can be special ordered and the
delivery time is claimed to be four to six weeks (I've found that in
practice about one week is usually required on special orders.)  Ingram
Books (wholesale) does not seem to carry Hit Man, but Amazon.com has it in
stock for $8, delivery in two to four days.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-02 06:28:57
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Big Brother Is Watching ATMs 
As wonderful as eye scanning technology may sound, it promises to offer
very weak identification and only be reliable in the short run.  This is
based on the premise that a reproduction of an eye will work as well.  Just
as a reproduction of a driver's license seems to work for check forgery.
PINs offer security based on the fact that they are a secret.  Not a shared
secret.  For comparison, take a look at the authentication procedure of the
SSA and Wells Fargo bank.  Over the internet, both want   Social Security Number
  Date of Birth
  Mother's Maiden Name
Imagine a bank machine requesting the same info as the only prerequisite
for dispensing cash!  This info might have been a method of secure
authentication about the time I was born, but today, such info is almost
common knowledge.  This no longer is a secret, too many people have the
info.  Widespread use of eye scanners will provide the same results.  As
databases are built, and sold, the raw info becomes available and automated
tellers become excellent targets for fake authentications.  If you get it
wrong, you just walk away.
Eye scans may help aid authentication, but they should not take the place
of PINs.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-02 07:52:57
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
is enough.
I was thinking of remailers sending out anon messages with a distinct from
line that has zero connection (in the nym database) to any email address.
Is this possible?  To establish a nym only through one way communication?
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-02 23:00:59
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: [RePol] Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / Re: Pasting in From: 
Well TruthMonger (if that is your real name,) I think you are missing the
point.  For purposes of the discussion, no one cares about the content of
the messages, who or why they are being sent, nor is anyone bothered by
anything concerning the message itself.  What's being discussed is scarce
resources of remailer operators.
It's much like spam.  It's a very shortsighted view when a user says "why
can't you just hit the delete button?"  This is an incorrect answer for a
user who received one piece of spam, but whose small ISP, being the relay,
lost all mail services for two days.
Most remailers are operated with donated time and resources.  Problems with
the remailer, especially artificially generated ones, are just simply not
desired.  Perhaps it is just me, but if my phone rings because of some
message on the Cracker remailer, then I don't care for it happening and I
get offended.  When last month a prosecutor for the Attorney General's
office called me about a packet of material he had received on Cracker, I
didn't care for the call.  It interrupted a phone call I was having with
the communications director of his ex-boss who is now running for Governor.
 Clearly, it cuts into time I have to do other things.
When a police detective calls, not only do I have to explain about
remailers and answer his questions, but I have to spend time making him
prove he's a policeman before I tell him I can't tell him anything.  This
can take two or more phone calls and waste even more of my time.
So why am I getting these phone calls and email messages?  What is needed
to make them stop?  I don't even run a remailer!
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-05 05:41:52
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / 
Just so you can quit whining...
This topic was recently covered in a Spam seminar that was sponsored by
EFGA.  Based on the case of Jones vs. National Inquirer, you claim to have
an action perpetrated against an individual (you) in your home state.  You
file in either federal or state court of your state.  If, as in the recent
Texas case brought by Flowers.com and TISPA against a spammer, the
defendant does not show, there is a high likelihood that you will be
awarded damages.  There is a company in North Carolina that will collect
the judgement out of Canada for you.
In most matters where I have been involved with Chris Lewis, I have tended
to side with Chris.  Your question was such a simplistic one, that I though
it deserved an answer.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-06 11:51:17
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Chris Lewis kills babies after he molests them. 
asshole is
My!  What language!  And without a remailer.
At least the "snip" part gave you instructions on how to follow proven
legal procedure to file against alleged spam in a situation like this, so
you no longer have to whine about Chris Lewis being in Canada and you not
having a clue as to how to deal with it.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-13 12:49:46
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls 
So a remailer, such as Cracker, that might send out an average of 3,000
emails per day would be required to use up 3,000 * 20 secs = 17 hours of
cpu time per day.  Since a portion of these emails are to multiple
recipients, then let's add 1/3 extra hashcash CPU time, or a total of about
22 hours of CPU time per day.
Now since Cracker runs on old, antiquated equipment, easily two or more
years out of date, I think we need to double this figure.  (The Cracker CPU
is actually less than 1/4 of the speed of many up to date desktop
machines.)  So, we would need about 44 hours of CPU time each day.
Of course the Cracker mail system also runs various mail lists for EFGA.
So we will need hashcash for these messages as well.  If I wish to send out
a personal email to each of say 900 nyms, then I will have to generate 900
* 20 seconds, or 5 hours of hashcash time in order to send an individual
message to each nym.  I certainly can setup myself as a privileged user on
the Cracker SMTP port and bypass this requirement, but I'll need the
hashcash for the unknown destination address of final delivery.
Of course, since we might be able to delete the need for hashcash among
people who know each other, we could have Cracker build a database of
people who like to have privacy, and not have to generate the hashcash if
we find you in our files.  ISP's in general could handle the hashcash
generation at the SMTP level by keeping databases of who sends email to
whom.  It is of course far easier to do a single database lookup than to
generate the 20 seconds of hashcash.
I don't know.  I just don't understand the plan fully.  I'll have to think
about it some more.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-14 00:12:36
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: remailer hashcash spam prevention 
I'm unsure that this is what we are trying to do at all.  I'm perfectly
willing to assume that a remailer gets it's mail into it.  The problem is
now that the remailer has to deliver the mail.  Under this plan, to deliver
mail there must be hashcash for the delivery to the point beyond the
remailer.  I'm suggesting that if the remailer sends out 3,000 messages
with a 1/3 sprinkling of CC'ed addresses on equipment that is half as fast
as normal equipment, the 20 seconds of hashcash will require an average of
44 hours of CPU time per day.  44 hours for the hashcash that is needed at
the destination SMTP, not the hashcash to get into the remailer.
HashCash has often been suggested as a method for throttling spam that
would be sent to remailers.  This is not what I was responding to.  I was
responding to a suggestion that ISPs start requiring hashcash.  I'm
honestly unclear as to whether the remailer must generate the hashcash for
the future SMTP's or if the suggestion is that the originator is generating
all of the hashcash.  Since remailers mangle the messages and regenerate
them, I am unsure if originator generated hashcash is to be made for the
destination mail port, or if the remailer must do this.
If there is in fact a requirement that the sender generate the hashcash,
then I am not sure this will work.  A nym reply block possibly does not
lead to an exit address, but rather to another reply block.  In fact, this
should always be the case.  There is no way for the sender of the email to
know this route, or how many reply blocks there are.  Any scheme which
permits the same hashcash to send a message to two nym reply blocks and a
destination address will also allow spammers to send spams to multiple
addresses with the same hashcash.
Not only with nyms, but with regular email addresses multiple hops may be
required to deliver email.  For instance, the address "rcostner at cpsr.org"
will deliver email to me.  This address forwards mail to "pooh at efga.org".
The efga domain cannot be POP'ed into, so this is then remailed to wherever
I'm POP'ing into this month.  Since the original sender cannot know this,
and since ALL email to me requires a minimum of two mail gateways to get to
me it seems that this hashcash plan has some problems.
Further, I highly dislike the notion of maintaining system level databases
of who is communicated with.  As in a quote from Adam Back's web page
     To solve this problem subscribers should put the mailing list
     address in a postage-free recipients list. Traditional "wire tapping" would require that a communications port be
monitored to find out who communications are being made with.  Under the
"postage free list" plan, this information sits in a file waiting to be
collected with no difficulty at all.  Implemented on the SMTP level, we
have a way of testing for who a person communicates with.  After a HELO, we
spoof in a MAIL FROM:, then look to see if we get a "559 HashCash Required"
I've never been impressed with the hashcash method of thwarting spam.  I'm
just not really sure that a technical solution to spam will work in any event.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-14 05:28:15
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls 
Once again someone is responding to me by talking about hashcash in the
internal remailer network.  I don't think this is what I'm referring to.
Perhaps because I do not fully understand how anti spam hashcash would be
implemented on a per message basis.
The idea proposed was one to limit Spam to ISPs by using hashcash to stop
spam coming into an ISP.  Imagine the domain anon.efga.org wishes to send
4,000 per day messages to the various domains netcom.com, aol.com,
mindspring.com, etc.  Each individual message is reasonably unique coming
from anon.efga.org.  Since we need hashcash now to LEAVE a remailer, not to
enter one, where does this hashcash come from?  A busy remailer could not
generate it's own hashcash for the destination non-remailer ISPs.
Does the same hashcash that allows a message to enter the remailer network
also retain it's validity once the message has been rewritten by the
remailer?  Is this hashcash still valid for the destination mail server at
netcom?  Does the initial sender provide two instances of hashcash, one to
get into the remailer, and one to get into the destination mail system?
Various remailers can distort a message in a variety of ways.  Dropping of
MIME attachments, munging of email addresses when CC'ed to a newsgroup,
adding a PGP signature or timestamp, adding headers that explain it's a
remailer, adding footers that explain it's a remailer.  Since the actual
message can change, it seems that for hashcash to be message dependent, it
would have to be generated by the exit remailer.
I'm not claiming I understand the concept of hashcash.  I'm simply pointing
out I don't see how it would truly be effective in a real world application.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-15 12:48:33
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: message dependent hashcash => no double spend database (Re: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls) 
As a technological fix for spam, destination address hashcash seems to be
lacking.  All this does is raise the wall of entry into becoming a
spamhause from one PC to say, ten.  It is not much more difficult to sell a
CD-ROM with one million email addresses & hashcash.   A 20 second hashcash
expenditure on one million email addresses will take about 231 CPU days, or
about three weeks if you use ten machines.  Sell 500 copies of the CD-ROM
for $500, and you net $250K, easily enough profit to purchase the $20K of
machines or even to rent them for one month.  After six months, you will
have around eight million pieces of hashcash from the computational power
of only ten machines.  This says nothing of the profits from actually
sending spam.
The implementation of the plan is a more or less impossible scheme.  Many
people like myself exist who do not care from spam, but wish to receive
email from anyone who legitimately sends it.  I can only see a hashcash
anti-spam plan working when you have a closed list of people who generally
know each other.  While the mail gateway I use could easily be converted to
a hashcash enabled gateway, I have no interest in refusing email from those
who do not have hashcash gateways.
To be an anti-spam measure for ISPs, hashcash would have to be based on the
destination email address, the text of the message in some fashion, and
possibly on other factors such as a timestamp or a from address.  Hashcash
tied to a from address as well as the destination would do a lot for spam
filters.  Using all or a portion of the message body, say every 23
characters in a round robin fashion until 50 sample body message characters
had been collected would make hashcash non reusable and not sellable.
Any ISP hashcash plan still does not take into account the effect of
services like hotmail, rocketmail, and the like who will need to generate
hashcash for the destination address because they exist to shield the
destination address from the sender.  Changes to the "Don't charge postage"
database will be awkward.  There are some serious privacy problems with
warehousing with your ISP a list of your other email addresses, or the
addresses of your postage free friends.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-15 13:07:23
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: remailer hashcash spam prevention 
If a person sends email from the source that also houses his nym identity,
then all of the eggs are in one basket.  A nym that points to another nym,
that perhaps points somewhere else like hotmail is needed.  Using only one
nym is about as safe as not using encryption.  It's fine for most purposes,
but can be broken.
I have gotten telephone requests from police, attorney general prosecutors,
private detectives, and others that ask for the identity of a remailer user
to be identified.  These are refused.  But I don't play games.  My response
is always I don't know, but if I did, I wouldn't tell you.
The attack on a single reply block is simple.  If the remailer machine is
seized, or if a VALID court order is received, we would turn the name over.
 (if anything about the request is incorrect, then we would refuse the
request and do so legally)  If we pull up the nym HashMan at anon.efga.org and
discover it is aba at dcs.ex.ac.uk then the anonymity is over.  If however it
points to MrHash at anotherremailer then the identity is preserved a little
bit longer.  The only way to breach this is to seize all remailers at the
same time.
Better security would be had by having a public nym that receives email,
and a private nym that delivers email.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-15 13:14:09
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls 
I find this concept to have problems.  I don't know how many there are, but
with 4,000+ US ISPs, all of the schools, corporations, etc, there must be
at least 50,000 mailhosts that would have to accept authentication.  This
whitelist concept, that if I am "good" I get approved and certified smacks
of things which I generally oppose.  And who keeps the whitelist?  CAUCE?
Verisign?  Time Magazine?  The NSA? Microsoft?
How much would it cost for each of the 50K mail hosts to become certified?
This is an administrative nightmare.  The current alternative to this
certification list is the configuration files such as domains.banned,
user.banned, etc.
Currently remailers can send mail most anywhere.  I suspect that if
remailers had to get certified (say a RASCi rating of "remailer") most mail
hosts would begin denying mail from remailers.  I don't believe that mail
servers need to be certified.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-17 12:28:21
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: The Joys of Being Canadian 
I guy I know recently arrived here from Australia.  He works for a company
that maintains a database of all people throughout the world who have
telephones.  They have live connections to almost all phone companies and
provide lookups for most major government agencies.  The service is housed
here in Atlanta.  The same company also provides x.500 systems.
As he does not have a social security number, and certainly does not care
to get fingerprinted for a driver's license, he has found that he cannot
cash a check or do simple things that require a social security number.  A
side issue that relates to his visa is that he also is not allowed to leave
the country and go visit Australia for a certain period of time.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-18 02:40:19
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
Here is a copy of the law.
No Electronic Theft (NET) Act (Enrolled Bill (Sent to President)) H.R.2265 One Hundred Fifth Congress
of the
United States of America
AT THE FIRST SESSION
Begun and held at the City of Washington on Tuesday, the seventh day of
January, one thousand nine hundred and ninety-seven An Act To amend the provisions of titles 17 and 18, United States Code, to provide
greater copyright protection by amending criminal copyright infringement
provisions, and for other purposes.      Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of America in Congress assembled,
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
     This Act may be cited as the `No Electronic Theft (NET) Act'.
SEC. 2. CRIMINAL INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS.
     (a) DEFINITION OF FINANCIAL GAIN- Section 101 of title 17, United
States Code, is amended by inserting after the undesignated paragraph
relating to the term `display', the following new paragraph:
          `The term `financial gain' includes receipt, or expectation of
receipt, of anything of value, including the receipt of other copyrighted
     (b) CRIMINAL OFFENSES- Section 506(a) of title 17, United States Code,
is amended to read as follows:
     `(a) CRIMINAL INFRINGEMENT- Any person who infringes a copyright
willfully either--
          `(1) for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial
gain, or
          `(2) by the reproduction or distribution, including by electronic
means, during any 180-day period, of 1 or more copies or phonorecords of 1
or more copyrighted works, which have a total retail value of more than
     shall be punished as provided under section 2319 of title 18, United
States Code. For purposes of this subsection, evidence
     of reproduction or distribution of a copyrighted work, by itself,
shall not be sufficient to establish willful infringement.'.
     (c) LIMITATION ON CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS- Section 507(a) of title 17,
United States Code, is amended by striking `three' and inserting `5'.
     (d) CRIMINAL INFRINGEMENT OF A COPYRIGHT- Section 2319 of title 18,
United States Code, is amended--
          (1) in subsection (a), by striking `subsection (b)' and inserting
`subsections (b) and (c)';
          (2) in subsection (b)--
               (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking
`subsection (a) of this section' and inserting `section 506(a)(1) of title
17'; and
               (B) in paragraph (1)--
                    (i) by inserting `including by electronic means,' after
`if the offense consists of the reproduction or distribution,'; and
                    (ii) by striking `with a retail value of more than
$2,500' and inserting `which have a total retail value of more than
$2,500'; and
          (3) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (e) and
inserting after subsection (b) the following:
     `(c) Any person who commits an offense under section 506(a)(2) of
title 17, United States Code--
          `(1) shall be imprisoned not more than 3 years, or fined in the
amount set forth in this title, or both, if the offense consists of the
reproduction or distribution of 10 or more copies or phonorecords of 1 or
more copyrighted works, which have a total retail value of $2,500 or more;
          `(2) shall be imprisoned not more than 6 years, or fined in the
amount set forth in this title, or both, if the offense is a second or
subsequent offense under paragraph (1); and
          `(3) shall be imprisoned not more than 1 year, or fined in the
amount set forth in this title, or both, if the offense consists of the
reproduction or distribution of 1 or more copies or phonorecords of 1 or
more copyrighted works, which have a total retail value of more than $1,000.
     `(d)(1) During preparation of the presentence report pursuant to Rule
32(c) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, victims of the offense
shall be permitted to submit, and the probation officer shall receive, a
victim impact statement that identifies the victim of the offense and the
extent and scope of the injury and loss suffered by the victim, including the
     estimated economic impact of the offense on that victim.
     `(2) Persons permitted to submit victim impact statements shall include--
          `(A) producers and sellers of legitimate works affected by
conduct involved in the offense;
          `(B) holders of intellectual property rights in such works; and
          `(C) the legal representatives of such producers, sellers, and
     (e) UNAUTHORIZED FIXATION AND TRAFFICKING OF LIVE MUSICAL
PERFORMANCES- Section 2319A of title 18, United States Code, is amended--
          (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e)
and (f), respectively; and
          (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following:
     `(d) VICTIM IMPACT STATEMENT- (1) During preparation of the
presentence report pursuant to Rule 32(c) of the Federal Rules of Criminal
Procedure, victims of the offense shall be permitted to submit, and the
probation officer shall receive, a victim impact statement that identifies
the victim of the offense and the extent and scope of the injury and loss
suffered by the victim, including the estimated economic impact of the
offense on that victim.
     `(2) Persons permitted to submit victim impact statements shall include--
          `(A) producers and sellers of legitimate works affected by
conduct involved in the offense;
          `(B) holders of intellectual property rights in such works; and
          `(C) the legal representatives of such producers, sellers, and
     (f) TRAFFICKING IN COUNTERFEIT GOODS OR SERVICES- Section 2320 of
title 18, United States Code, is amended--
          (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e)
and (f), respectively; and
          (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following:
     `(d)(1) During preparation of the presentence report pursuant to Rule
32(c) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, victims of the offense
shall be permitted to submit, and the probation officer shall receive, a
victim impact statement that identifies the victim of the offense and the
extent and scope of the injury and loss suffered by the victim, including
the estimated economic impact of the offense on that victim.
     `(2) Persons permitted to submit victim impact statements shall include--
          `(A) producers and sellers of legitimate goods or services
affected by conduct involved in the offense;
          `(B) holders of intellectual property rights in such goods or
services; and
          `(C) the legal representatives of such producers, sellers, and
     (g) DIRECTIVE TO SENTENCING COMMISSION- (1) Under the authority of the
Sentencing Reform Act of 1984 (Public Law 98-473; 98 Stat. 1987) and
section 21 of the Sentencing Act of 1987 (Public Law 100-182; 101 Stat.
1271; 18 U.S.C. 994 note) (including the authority to amend the sentencing
guidelines and policy statements), the United States Sentencing Commission
shall ensure that the applicable guideline range for a defendant convicted
of a crime against intellectual property (including offenses set forth at
section 506(a) of title 17, United States Code, and sections 2319, 2319A,
and 2320 of title 18, United States Code) is sufficiently stringent to
deter such a crime and to adequately reflect the additional considerations
set forth in paragraph (2) of this subsection.
     (2) In implementing paragraph (1), the Sentencing Commission shall
ensure that the guidelines provide for consideration of the retail value
and quantity of the items with respect to which the crime against
intellectual property was committed.
SEC. 3. INFRINGEMENT BY UNITED STATES.
     Section 1498(b) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by
striking `remedy of the owner of such copyright shall be by action' and
inserting `action which may be brought for such infringement shall be an
action by the copyright owner'.

@_date: 1997-12-18 04:28:23
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
Section 506(a) of title 17, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
Any person who infringes a copyright willfully ....
I know this has been discussed before, but I am unclear as to what are the
differences between "willfully" and other concepts, such as "knowingly."  I
wish one of the lawyer types on here could clarify this some more.  If
willful means that you know what you are doing, then it might narrow the
law some.  You would have to know the work was copyrighted, and you would
have to know that the copying is not allowed by law.
I'm confused by the law as it seems to make some actions criminal that I
cannot conceive were meant to be criminal.  Since I know that by surfing
the web and being on mail lists, and using usenet, I will exchange copies
of copyrighted works I am confused by this new law's affirmation that I am
participating in "financial gain" by reading web pages and the like.  Since
I am confused, perhaps my actions are not willful?
Just what is the meaning of "Willful" in this context?
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-18 04:39:16
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
The law covers not only copies, but derivative works apparently.
Derivative works can violate the exclusive rights of the copyright holder.
If for instance I install software on a regular basis, but don't like the
slow MS installation routine, I can reverse engineer the process and
provide a derivative work that installs better.  I have infact done this before and used the process to personally install
software on over 1,500 machines.  My thought has always been if the owner
of the machine had a license for the original software, my derivative work
that is preconfigured would be no harm in installing.  I've never bothered
to break the shrinkwrap each time I install software.  Under this law such
a thing would be considered a criminal act.  A policeman observing me doing this copying of derivative works (whether or
not I had a license to make such a derivative work) could arrest me on sight.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-19 06:57:55
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
The N.E.T. Act redefines commercial gain to include if you exchange copies
of recordings with people.  Presumably if you and I were to trade CD's we
might be  engaged in commercial gain.  If we trade copies we definitely
appear to be financially gaining under the act's new definition.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-20 05:49:17
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Hate speech in America 
Hate speech is constitutionally protected in the US.  That doesn't mean you
can do it from any particular ISP or in someone's living room.  You seem to
have found protected email, you should therefore know who to post to
usenet.  There are dozens of places you can get free web sites from, though
I don't know about their hate speech policies.
I'd be curious to know of Geocities, Tripod, et all - where they have
kicked people off or not for hate speech.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-21 04:12:23
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? 
My caller ID unit often identifies an incoming call as "Payphone".
I also had an interesting thing happen to me about ten years ago.  My home
phone got listed as a payphone.  When I moved and asked for a phone number,
I was told none were available.  The area I moved into was the fastest
growing section of the fastest growing county in the country for two or
more years running.  It took about a month to get a phone number from an
exchange that was from an area several miles form me.  Then an odd thing
happened.  I never got a phone bill.
I forget the exact details, but after several months of "free" telephone
service, my phone went dead one day.  When I called to inquire, I was told
that my number was a pay phone, not a residential number.  They finally
fixed things up, and got my service restored.  But there appears to be a
database field that says a number is or isn't a pay phone.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-21 14:19:45
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Hate speech and censorship 
It's nice to give away privacy for free.  Free turkey dinners at
Thanksgiving are nice as well.  But someone has to foot the bill.  Perhaps
with a Thanksgiving dinner everyone thanks you.  Of the many remailer
related phone calls I received, none of them had a "thank you" in them.
More of the "I'm calling the police, FBI, my lawyer, my friends, the Better
Business Bureau, the Attorney General, a higher up, and the SPA.  blah,
blah, blah..."
It costs money to run a remailer.  When we recently asked for $2,000 in
donations to improve the Cracker remailer, we received about $800 over two
month period.  Just as there are free ISPs, and public access ISPs like
Seattle Community Network and Virtually Wired, there are free remailers.
But this is not the business model most ISPs enjoy.  Perhaps Lance Cottrell
has come across the proper business model for running a remailer.  Have the
users pay for it.
The Cracker remailer operates mainly off of money I pulled out of my
pocket.  And I'm not really a user, or the person who runs it.  We had some
donations of course, and we've had other inkind donations, like free legal
services.  I'm still waiting to see a lawsuit on Cracker, or the police to
show up with a warrant.
I think it's great that Lance Cottrell has people pay to use his remailer.
I wish another fifty companies would spring up and do the same.  Doing it
for ideology is nice, but the phone company, nor the backbone companies, or
others really seem to like payments in ideology.  They seem to want a
legible signature on a check.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-28 08:22:46
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: cypherpunks missing from Usenet 
My understanding was that the Cracker remailer was allowed to post on some
CAUCE moderated thing, presumably the newsgroup.  I seem to recall that the
token was returned and posting capability had been verified.  Has something
changed?  Which remailer was it?
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-01 04:11:16
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: IRC Internet chat with Electronic Frontiers 
There will be a series of IRC internet chats with Electronic Frontiers.  We
wish to address two main problems.  The Electronic Frontiers movement is
misunderstood by a lot of people, and there is not enough communication
between the independent EF organizations.
The idea was sparked by the recent Cypherpunks Christmas Eve chat.  Thanks
for the idea.  The members of the cypherpunks mail list are invited to our
upcoming internet chats.  Dates and info are below.  The Electronic Frontiers movement is several independent organizations that
share a common thread to their name.  Each group speaks for themselves and
are not associated with each other.  The various EF organizations have no
association with the group called EFF.  We are grassroots organizations of
concerned citizens of our geographic areas, volunteering our time and
energy.  EF organizations exist in several US states and in different
countries around the world.  EF organizations have been responsible for
activities such as winning court cases like the Georgia Internet Anonymity
and web linking lawsuit, and the anti-spoofing spam lawsuit in Texas
Of particular interest to Cypherpunks is the fact that EFGA hosts a variety
of cypherpunk technologies, including a Cypherpunk Type-1 remailer,
nymserver, and mixmaster remailer.  We also have a PGP keyserver.  Recently
we created an FTP archive of privacy software.  So far this has been front
ends for remailers and PGP software that various software authors have sent
us to host.
All you need is an IRC client, and to log onto EFnet.  If you have
questions on how to do this, ask the list.  I'm a newbie with IRC and can't
help that much.  The first chat is Thursday, tomorrow, New Years day at
7:00 pm New York time.
There will be an IRC internet chat session for Electronic Frontiers.  More
info can be found at Get out your IRC client and visit us on EFnet IRC in the
 channel.  There will be a chat session on   * Thursday, January 1, 1998 at 7:00pm EST     hosted by Robert Costner of Electronic Frontiers Georgia.
  * Saturday, January 3, 1998 at 3:00pm EST
    hosted by Scott Brower of Electronic Frontiers Florida.
  * To be announced
    hosted by Jon Lebkowsky of EF-Texas
These will be our first chat sessions.  After we see how this goes, we will
try to setup something on a regular basis.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-01 15:17:10
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: IRC Internet chat with Electronic Frontiers 
============================== START ==============================
I sent this message to the cypherpunks list (cyberpass) about 12 hours ago,
but have not seen it come up, so I'm sending it again.  My apologies if you
get two copies.  (this copy does have more listed at the bottom in the
There will be a series of IRC internet chats with Electronic Frontiers.  We
wish to address two main problems.  The Electronic Frontiers movement is
misunderstood by a lot of people, and there is not enough communication
between the independent EF organizations.
The idea was sparked by the recent Cypherpunks Christmas Eve chat.  Thanks
for the idea.  The members of the cypherpunks mail list are invited to our
upcoming internet chats.  Dates and info are below.  The Electronic Frontiers movement is several independent organizations that
share a common thread to their name.  Each group speaks for themselves and
are not associated with each other.  The various EF organizations have no
association with the group called EFF.  We are grassroots organizations of
concerned citizens of our geographic areas, volunteering our time and
energy.  EF organizations exist in several US states and in different
countries around the world.  EF organizations have been responsible for
activities such as winning court cases like the Georgia Internet Anonymity
and web linking lawsuit, and the anti-spoofing spam lawsuit in Texas
Of particular interest to Cypherpunks is the fact that EFGA hosts a variety
of cypherpunk technologies, including a Cypherpunk Type-1 remailer,
nymserver, and mixmaster remailer.  We also have a PGP keyserver.  Recently
we created an FTP archive of privacy software.  So far this has been front
ends for remailers and PGP software that various software authors have sent
us to host.
All you need is an IRC client, and to log onto EFnet.  If you have
questions on how to do this, ask the list.  I'm a newbie with IRC and can't
help that much.  The first chat is Thursday, tomorrow, New Years day at
7:00 pm New York time.
There will be an IRC internet chat session for Electronic Frontiers.  More
info can be found at Get out your IRC client and visit us on EFnet IRC in the
 channel.  There will be a chat session on   * Thursday, January 1, 1998 at 7:00pm EST     hosted by Robert Costner of Electronic Frontiers Georgia.
  * Saturday, January 3, 1998 at 3:00pm EST
    hosted by Scott Brower of Electronic Frontiers Florida.
  * Wednesday, January 7, 1998 at 5:00 EST (2:00pm Pacific)
    hosted by Jon Lebkowsky of EF-Texas
  * To be announced
    hosted by Electronic Frontiers Australia (EFA)
These will be our first chat sessions.  After we see how this goes, we will
try to setup something on a regular basis.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-07-02 12:41:41
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Public Forum on Certificate Authorities and Digital Signatures 
I did not see this on the list earlier, so I thought I'd post a copy.  This message says that the Executive Branch wants to know what we think about CA's, escrow, strong crypto, and other issues.
Anyone want to offer me a plane ticket to NIST in Gaithersburg, MD?

@_date: 1997-07-03 16:30:46
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: PGP security problems? 
At 01:18 AM 7/3/97 EST, Carolyn Turbyfill (probably didn't) write:
While a keyserver with no authentication has a very low barrier to entry
for false authentication, the barrier is not that much higher for even a
Verisign class three verification.  I've continually said that the biggest
problem with secure authentication is that secure authentication is not
I hate to see people doing such things with keyservers and keys, but we all
knew the problem existed.  I wonder where the solution is.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-02 05:58:02
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Myself, and EFGA supports no anti-spam law at this time, nor have we suggested the world needs one.  Over the last year we have repeatedly said that existing laws may prove to be sufficent.  What is clear is that there has been little attempt at using today's laws against spam and failing.  If EFGA has a position, it is that first the current laws should be tested against spam.  No new laws should be proposed until today's laws can be shown to be useless against the problem.
To the contrary, Cyberpromotions has been to court five times, and has lost five times.  These are not internet issues as much as they are fraud, consumer protection, and commerce issues.  Education of applicability of existing laws may be more effective than new laws.
New laws are being proposed.  And I feel comfortable commenting on the faults of a law, or of it's languge.  I can suggest what is wrong with a law, or what it lacks without supporting a flawed bill.
  DATA GATHERING
The original issue is one of data collection.  For many, this is the opt-in, opt-out argument.  For others it is adherence to a convention such as the robots.txt file found on web pages.  While there is nothing wrong with data harvesting in it's self, what one does with the info may be called into The currently proposed bills look at various areas.
  1.  Identification
  2.  Content
  3.  Data Collection procedures
  4.  Tonnage/automated processing
Data Collection procedures may be less restrictive than identification requirements, or content bans.
There is a law precedent in the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) of 1991 to handle each of these issues.  For data collection, the TCPA requires a removal database be maintained and an opt-out strategy be employed.  One of the largest problems with "spam" is that the data collection strategies employed today are deceptive, fraudulent, and do not come close to fitting the model carefully considered in the TCPA.
The reason the TCPA is carefully considered is that once the law allowed for the promulgation of rules, the FCC had a series of public comment periods and promoted rules that highly favored privacy while trying to balance the fair practices of telemarketers.  Unfortunately, with spam, most spammers do not have "fair practices".
If is highly likely that the spam question could be quickly addressed and more clearly defined without new laws simply by a comment period and the promulgation of new rules.
Additional comments after Tim's quote....
Well, prisons *are* full.  Many of the inmates are telemarketers.  But this is not because of telemarketing laws.  You are confusing "illegal" with "criminal".  The laws we refer to are civil law, not criminal law.  47 USC 227 is a federal civil law.  It also allows for state Attorney Generals to file civil suits on behalf of it's citizens.  This, if not taken to extreme, is a proper function of gov't.  To protect citizens from that which they cannot protect themselves.
Why do you get such calls?  The existing laws not only apply to fully automatic calls, but predictive dialing systems such as you mention and pure manual voice calls.  I cannot answer why you get the calls.  Perhaps you have not requested to be in the national "don't call me database".  Perhaps your callers just use illegal data collection procedures.  I'll summarize some of the law to you.  The Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) of 1991 made effective December 1992 the following:
1.  Calls only allowed 8am to 9pm
2.  Lists must be maintained of "do not want to be called"
3.  Telemarketers must identify themselves - address & phone number
4.  Employees must know rules & know how to use remove list.
Additional info can be found at Quote from the Act:      Because unrestricted telemarketing can be an invasion of     consumer privacy, and even a risk to public safety, Congress
    found that a federal law is necessary to control     telemarketing practices.
SPAM vs TELEMARKETING
A telemarketing operation has a high level of entry.  Not that high, but phone lines, desks, office space, employees. etc must all be provisioned and paid for.  The level of entry for being a spammer is much, much lower.  For some it may be a dedicated connection, but millions of spams can still be sent with a dial-up account.  Accordingly, EFGA sees that the number of spammers could grow to be far more than the number of telemarketers.  Easily a figure could be reached that ten times more spammers could start a business than the number of telemarketers.
In 1990, more than 30,000 telemarketing operations employed over 18 million Americans.  Easily we could see over 300K spam operators in business, employing less than one million people.  Each of these individual spammers could be sending out daily spams.  Many of them would be able to reach a significant portion of the internet users on a daily basis.
As long as the companies who are advertising have US offices, the offshore factor will not matter.  Existing fax precedent makes the advertiser the one ultimately responsible for the ad.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-02 06:37:59
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
At 08:27 PM 5/31/97 -0700, Tim May wrote, concerning Marc Rotenberg:
A new grocery store opened down the street from me.  They have lots of special prices, but only available to "club members".  Club cards are free, but you have to fill out a form.  The form asks for:
1.  Name
2.  Address
3.  Phone Number
4.  Spouse name
5.  Social Security number
In exchange for giving this information, the store will give me a 35 cent discount on each package of soft drinks I purchase.  This is not a check cashing card, that is a separate form.  This is a cash transaction.
Why does the store need my social security number for me to purchase soft drinks and eggs?  (40 cents off on eggs this week)  I see no reason for it.  If I provide a false number, I have probably committed some crime.
Yes, I would support a law that forbids private companies to ask for social security numbers except for tax purposes.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-02 13:03:13
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Yes.  Declan is correct.
For anyone else who is confused, I'm not a beltway person, and I have no association with EFF.  I'm not a policy analyst.  I'm a software developer.  I work for a living and pay my own way.  I do have opinions.  Beliefs in privacy, free speech, and core belief that technology and the internet is good.  I pursue this as a hobby to the best of my ability.  I take advice from others, and try to get them to help educate me in matters I do not understand.  Once I act on my opinions and beliefs, I tend to win.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-05 16:43:41
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: McVeigh is not the issue! 
In the Atlanta airport, positive gov't issued picture ID is required to be able to board an airplane for Delta, the main carrier, and about the only airline I fly.  I have medallion level friends who have been refused the ability to board because they did not have picture ID on them.  Stories include no travel with temporary, non-picture driver's licenses, having to go home to get the license, having a license fedex'ed to the destination city in order to board to get home, and reticketing on another airline that will accept a company ID.
Cash has nothing to do with it.  Business travel from repeat customers paid by American Express and ticketed through corporate travel agencies (American Express Travel) still have the ID requirement.  As far as I know, all Atlanta airline departures require picture ID, though at least one airline will consider a company ID if pressed.
I believe this is a bad policy, and think it should be opposed.  Perhaps a law should be considered to change this.  But obviously many people here would tell me I could just take another mode of transportation, such as riding the bus.  Airlines are private corporations owned by their owners, not by their riders.  The airlines apparently have a right (as Delta is doing) of demanding any prerequisite they wish for travel.  In the case of Delta, the prerequisite is "May I see your papers, please?"
I believe in anonymous travel, just as I believe in anonymous speech, and anonymous transactions.  I recently subscribed to this list to help mature my views on issues such as collection and verification of electronic database information by private and gov't entities.
I'm curious where the people here stand on such a policy.  Do you feel that positive ID to fly on a plane should be permissable?  How about a law to put a stop to it?

@_date: 1997-06-09 07:19:56
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: PGP Key generation 
I have a question for any of you that may know the answer.  This is for a paper I am giving to the Social Security Administration on Tuesday, so I would appreciate any answer I get.
If I generate a personal PGP keypair on some machine it takes a specific period of time to do the intensive calculations, let's assume ten minutes for this example.  If I needed 10,000 such individual keyspairs for a unspecified authentication attack, does this have to take 10,000 times 10 minutes (over two months with this CPU), or is there a faster way to generate a large number of keypairs to appear to be a large number of people.
The larger question is since 10,000 unique written signatures seems to indicate that 10,000 unique individuals exist, would 10,000 unique PGP signatures also seem to indicate that these are not from the same person?
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-12 08:16:12
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: (Fwd) FWD: Texas Driver's License database on the web 
I am not in Texas, and I have used the system.  I took email name I suspected were in Texas and started looking up voter and DMV info.  Some I couldn't find, but I hit several people I have never met.  For some, I did a whois on their domain name and used that city to narrow the search.
I understand the site is now password protected, but they offer accounts to others who are not in Texas.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-21 11:42:22
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: [EFGA] WE won our court case!! (fwd) 
I find messages like this to be interesting.  I assume that there is some void in the souls of some that cannot be filled and they look elsewhere for that spark that will bring them what they are looking for.  I regret that when they look to me, they do not find it.  That I am not the answer does not surprise me.  That anyone would think I might be the answer is what is What is EFGA?  It is an unfunded group of Georgia based internet users who have an interest in privacy, free speech, and the free use of the internet.  For about six months or so, we grumbled about how bad things were.  Then, a few of us got the idea that if only we tried to change something, we just might do it.  Eighteen months later, we won a case in federal court against the state of Georgia.
"Yee-ha"?  Is this meant to be a derisive comment?  No money.  No legal training.  Not a lawyer to support us.  What were we to do?  We went to the ACLU and they told us the case had no standing - they couldn't help us with the Georgia law.  We got no better treatment from EFF.
This message was not sent to this list - cyberpunks or remailer operators.  It was only sent to an internal EFGA list of people who made a claim that they wanted to find out more about EFGA.
Me?  I'm a software developer.  I don't work for EFGA.  I just founded the group, and participate in it's running and policy.  No one works for EFGA.  As I said we are unfunded. We have no offices, we have no staff.
Obviously this is a victory for free speech.  This is grassroots activism.  This email message I see is not unusual.  Why do so many people who would presumably be on the same side as EFGA and myself do what is apparently trying to pick at us?
What is the difference between someone in EFGA and someone else on this list?  If I can read the federal register when I get home from work and call up the Social Security Administration and ask to speak on a panel they are having, then anyone can.  If a group of people with no financial or legal resources can call themselves EFGA and sue the state, then why can't someone else?
Yee-ha?  Meet in Underground Atlanta wearing masks?  What kind of comments are these?  I spent gasoline, time, and three dollars for parking today to meet with the CIO of Georgia to speak with him about PGP & encryption.  He met with me because I called him on the phone and asked.  What are you saying here?  Are you suggesting that change is wrong?  Are you, like others on this list implying that you can't afford the three dollars or you just don't know how to dial the phone?
I didn't post the original message here.  If you would like to trade insults, I'll be happy to do so with you.  I'd rather just go up to D.C. on a cheap flight and sit in a congressman's office for 45 minutes until a staffer can speak with me.
Reasonable men adapt to match the world around them.  Unreasonable men try to adapt the world to themselves.  Therefore, only unreasonable men bring about change in the world.  I may be unreasonable, but I'm not pathetic.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-21 13:12:16
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: [EFGA] WE won our court case!! (fwd) 
OK.  I misread your intentions.  It's just my first couple of postings on cyberpunks were not received well.  I finally attributed it to the apparent mistaken belief that EFGA was something more than smoke and mirrors.  Of course some of it is the fact that I am still learning about this stuff.
Remailers is a very appropriate mail group.  Our press release stated that with the law out of the way, we can now set up an anonymous remailer, which we have done.  (anon.efga.org)  EFGA has just won a censorship lawsuit, set up a PGP keyserver, started a remailer and nym server, and have a lot of things on our plate.  I almost long for the days when we sat around complaining how powerless we were.  Now that the people in charge are listening to us, I'm not sure we know the answers any longer.
The battle against this law was a difficult one.  At first we had the standing issue.  Since it was such a ridiculous law, and for various other reasons, we were told we would never get into court with it.  Though almost a year has passed since we filed the case, I was still wondering if the judge would throw this out as of yesterday.
When EFGA was first formed, we had public meetings at the local ACLU offices.  We had hoped they would mount a legal challenge to the law for us.  I don't have the exact numbers, but the local ACLU gets about 300 requests per month, and only is able to work on about three cases each month.  Ours just wasn't strong enough according to them.  Mitchell Kaye, one of the co-plaintiffs in the suit is an elected Georgia House of Representatives member who had spoken out against the law, so we invited him to a meeting at Denny's.
Mitchell did some checking and found an attorney who would talk to us.  We had a series of meetings, and became the first group to sign on as a plaintiff.  In fact, we incorporated just so we could become a plaintiff.  Also, after Scott McClain of Bondurant, Mixson, and Elmore had done some pro bono work, we were able to take this back to the ACLU and get them involved.  Later the national ACLU got involved, then the lawsuit finally got real.
We really had some good breaks along the way, but we put a lot of hard work into it as well.  If the ACLU hadn't been willing to take it on and underwrite the cost, we never would have gotten anything done.
Now we have taken on the task of pushing strong crypto and privacy on the State.  I've demo'ed PGP at various places and we have some gov't agencies thinking about using PGP as a cost savings business tool.  If we can't win the crypto debate in congress, will win by going in through the back door.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-28 02:06:32
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Secure Authentication 
Electronic Frontiers Georgia is forming a working group on Secure Authentication Methodologies.  This is the procedure for verifying who really owns the public key that has been placed in a database repository, or Certification Authority (CA).  Issues at question are not only the technical considerations, but also concerns of privacy, consumer protection, and legality.  Questions have arisen as to whether to use picture ID, notary publics, existing databases, and governments to enforce secure authentication.  Another question that has been raised is secure authentication possible at all?
Also explored will be hierarchical vs web of trust models for CA's.
The first working group meeting will be held at Georgia State University Law School at Professor Mark Budnitz offices.  Since many people who would like to be involved in this subject cannot attend physical meetings, this is a call to participate electronically.
If you have an interest in being involved with this group, please contact Robert Costner, EFGA (770) 512-8746, mailto:pooh at efga.org
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-29 15:05:09
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Secure Authentication 
[CA is Certification Authority]
While I wholeheartedly and forcefully agree with Eric's sentiment, the business reality is that the gov't will be involved in setting CA policy.  If for no other reason, simply because CA's will be used by the gov't.  Even from a hands off, pro business viewpoint, few CA's will ignore the wishes of their largest customer, the gov't.
The gov't will be involved in CA policy for several reasons.  I'll lightly glance on some of them.
 * Beeps and chirps.  Signatures on paper have legal meaning.  This is why there is a push to use digital signatures - to give them legal meaning.  While contract law can be somewhat applied to this concept, many would agree that official acknowledgement of digital signatures is a key element of using digital signatures in commerce.  A recent case in Georgia's supreme court ruled that electronic messages were beeps and chirps, and had no legal status as a "writing".  The law continually refers to signatures and writings.  There must be a law, or interpretation of law to allow for this to be updated to electronic writings.  Even if mutual consent could be used between corporations, as the state moves to the cost savings of electronic commerce the state will have to impose laws to enable itself to take advantage of these technologies.
 * Resolving legal liability.  Some of the proposed laws for enabling digital signature technology do in fact solve the liability problem for CA's by legislating it out as long as the CA performs due diligence.  To enforce due diligence, some laws also provide for government auditing of CA procedures and for injunctive relief to shut down a "rogue" Certification Authority.
A copy of one such overly bureaucratic 22 page Certification Authority law can be found at   This is the original draft of Georgia's Digital Signature law.  This draft was thrown out and rewritten from scratch to form a much better law.  (assuming any law can be good)
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-06-30 23:11:17
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Digital Signatures & THE LAW??? 
Examples of signatures that have previously been tested as legal binding signatures include not only actual signatures, but an 'X' and 'Mickey Mouse'.  The intention of "legally binding" is merely the proof of authentication.  So yes, I would say that all digitally signed email in now legally binding, with one exception.
There has been a move to make a digital writing a writing only when both parties agree to it's usage.  There is a belief that some documents should not be digital.  An example is an eviction notice.  Stapling a diskette to the doorframe may not be acceptable notice for eviction, as compared with a paper notice.  Since most internet users are ineffective at managing their email, a legal notice deposited in an inbox may not be a desirable way to serve notice.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-05-20 12:07:35
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: PGP 5.0 beta is out at PGP.com 
I'm very happy with the PGP 5.0 beta after less than an hour of testing.
The new PGP 5.0 seems to work well.  I'm finding a few bugs, and I had a configuration problem or two.  But this is much better than using the DOS version from Windows.  And much nicer than using Private Idaho.
For crypto to have widespread acceptance, crypto must work seamlessly on common platforms such as Windows.  While any Linux administrator can use PGP without much problem, the average Windows based knowledge worker has had problems with this.  PGP seamlessly integrates with Eudora and provides features required for electronic commerce.
I have used the keyserver lookup feature (from PGPkeys) and found it worked well.  PGP options have been added both to the Eudora menu and the toolbar.  While I was not able to download PGP on Friday or Monday (day), customer support worked with me, and the technical people installed server updates to the US verification process on Friday and Monday afternoon, allowing me to finally download the 5MB file tonight.
PGP 5.0 takes advantage of the 32-bit APIs and uses the Win95 interface.  My existing 2.6 keyring was imported with no problem, and I have been able to use PGP 2.6 to verify signatures created with 5.0.  Best I can tell, the new product is backwards compatible with older versions.  I've also gotten email from a PGP person who has assured that source code will be available later.
The new product, when combined with Eudora seamlessly integrates
 * Email
 * Spell checking
 * Digital Signatures
 * Certification Authority (CA)
 * Web of trust
 * Encryption
 * Availability from a commercial source
This seamless integration is what is required to allow for successful implementation of Digital Signature initiatives most states have passed or are Overall, I'm happy.  I'd recommend that people obtain the beta and test it out.  I don't know what it will be selling for, but I'm sure it will be worth the price.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org

@_date: 1997-05-28 03:56:57
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: PGP 5.0 keyserver 
Electronic Frontiers Georgia has set up a key repository for PGP type keys.  This is part of a pilot project based on Georgia's New Digital Signature Law.  We are still beta testing the keyserver, and invite people to try it out.  The results of our testing will be presented at the Digital Signature Task Force meeting on June 24th.
To access the keyserver, change your PGP5.0 preferences to point to
    keys.efga.org
This is a closed keyserver, in that keys do not replicate to non EFGA keyservers.  If this model is successful, this will help move Georgia to a position of being pro-strong encryption.
Right now the server may only accept keys through the PGPkeys interface.  We appreciate comments from experienced PGP users.  Comments may be sent to myself, or to keymaster at efga.org
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-05-28 05:36:28
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: The lights went out in Georgia 
If Tim read the article he quoted from, he will notice that EFGA has sued the state of Georgia over the on-line anonymity law.  We were in court on Feb 12, and while we have been waiting longer than expected, we anticipate the federal judge to rule in our favor, and against the state.
The original Digital Signature law proposed in Georgia was an invasive bureaucratic law very similar the laws passed in Utah and Washington State, and similar to the model proposed by the American bar Association.  This law attempted to have a state controlled Ministry of Signatures that would have databases linking email addresses to credit bureau files.  I led EFGA in opposing the state on this issue.  We went to Digital Signature Task Force Meetings, testified at Senate hearings, gathered research from other places, and did a lot to help educate the local lawmakers and corporate people.
The result of this education process was that the original bill was thrown out and replaced with a much better Electronic Records and Digital Signature Act to be passed here in Georgia.
The X.509 type provisions are not implemented in the EFGA key repository.  No proof of identity is required - the certification is based on the web of trust principle.  To further enhance privacy, we have turned off replication of keys to other servers and will not be allowing searches on the database, only exact user matches.  EFGA has identified privacy problems with the existing MIT (Horowitz) PGP key server and we are attempting to help plug the holes.
I think you will find that what happens when people use key repositories and crypto in Georgia without disclosing private personal information is that the State of Georgia will be endorsing strong crypto.  The Georgia Information Technology Policy Council will report on it, and the Electronic Commerce Study Committee will report on it.  And the state government will endorse the use of 512 to 2048 bit encryption without escrrow.
PS.  You are still invited to use PGP5.0 to send your keys to keys.efga.org
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-05-31 22:25:48
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
I have not heard Rotenberg's statements on private collection of public data and spam, but I can make my own.
I'd agree here.  Rather than have Congress blindly pass a law, some investigation of the matter should be done first.  While I am not supporting a law, any such law should have three parts:
 a) Codification
 b) Rulemaking
 c) Further Investigation
Codification is actual law, and takes a lot of agreement and about two years to change.  Rules are created by an agency and take about 120 to change.  Investigation allows the clueless and unknowing to study the impact of the law and whether or not the law, and less or stronger provisions are appropriate.  Take one simple provision as an example, tagging of commercial spam.  One less enlightened bill proposes that the subject line always begin with the word "Advertisement".  A better solution would be to a) codify the principle, not the method.  "All spam must be tagged."  b) Allow rules to be created that describe the tagging process (for example an X-header or subject line.  The use of "Ad:" instead of the full word) c) Allow the agency involved to perform a study to see if the rulemaking worked, if not then change the rule.
As for investigations into data gathering, I've been doing that for some time.  It has educated me, and would no doubt educate congress.  Two years ago, I spoke with the president of Pro-CD, a popular CD-phonebook company.  I asked him why unlisted numbers are not on the CD's, and why so few fax numbers are on the CD's.  This information is readily available.  He said that only previous published collections are republished by him.  What spammers are doing is invasive in that they are collecting the information for the first I'll agree with you to some degree.  After all, it *IS* ILLEGAL for someone to call you on the phone for the equivalent of spam, many people would like email spam to be just as illegal.  However there are loopholes in the law that allow email to be sent under the same circumstances.  State laws, and the federal law have provisions such as time ranges calls can be made (daytime hours only), prohibitions on the use of automated equipment, removal lists, and call destinations absolutely prohibited (hospitals, emergency numbers).
For good or for bad, the current movement in lawmaking is to plug these loopholes that exist for email.
Then you miss the point.  For all practical purposes, the spam industry does not exist in the US.  There are one or two, perhaps a dozen companies doing this as a full time endevour.  We are not close to spam companies matching the number of radio stations, or even newspapers.  We do not even envision the concept of the number of spammers equaling the number of lawyers.  The current spam bills are meant to address the actions of about five people in the entire United States.
Pick up any metropolitan newspaper.  Count the number of classified ads on any given day.  Spam is cheaper and reaches more people.  Would you like to see this number of spams in you mail box?  Will you honestly say that 500-1000 spams in your mailbox is simply annoying?  Multiply this by the number of newspapers in the US.   The manner in which the information is collected is invasive.  People feel their privacy is being violated.  The right to be left alone is a fundamental right.  While some spammers may feel they have a right to speak, they have no right to be heard.  They do not have a right to force me to listen.  The cost shifting problem also needs to be addressed.
Current spam bills are based on CONTENT of the spam message.  Another way to address the problem is to look at the data collection issue.  A third method is to address the headers.
Data collection is currently being done on an opt-out basis.  Opt-in is thought by many to be preferable.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-11-02 06:14:20
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: cute. 
I don't think the message in question allows you to verify the state issued
id of the key owner, but it does allow you to verify that Amad3us's
message, and all similarly signed messages belong to the same person or
group .
I don't see any need for a key to be traceable to any specific person who
is in fact some particular natural person.  It seems to me that the fact
the message signature is good (I didn't check it) would be tend to prove he
is the owner of the key, since he can write messages with it.  Who he is on
his birth certificate and driver's license are beside the point.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-11-02 13:56:14
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: PGP compatibility 
My copy of PGP 5.0 seems to be completely compatible with 2.6 versions.  This message is signed, and my key is included within the message for those of you who have software that discards the non signed portion.  (If you don't know how to extract my key, copy it and fix the broken dashed line, or use a This is a store bought copy of Eudora 3.0.1 upgraded to 3.0.3 with PGP 5.0, and the $5 RSA add in from PGP.  If anyone who knows how to properly use PGP has a problem reading my signature, or my key, please let me know.
  -- Robert

@_date: 1997-11-03 13:21:29
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Smartcards - Drivers Licenses in New Jersey 
The New Jersey legislature has announced that they will begin issuing
smartcards for driver's licenses.  The New license is reported to contain
 * biographical info
 * auto insurance info
 * medical insurance info
 * health info
The cards are also claimed to be capable of carrying
 * fingerprints
 * photographic images
 * health records
 * billing statements
The Capitol Report article and a Web based feedback forum can be found at
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-11-09 09:37:17
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: [SURVEY try again] pgp5.x / pgp2.x users 
Just to skew the numbers, I for instance have PGP 5.0 but am using a 2.6.2 DOS generated key that is RSA, not DSS.  Grepping would show me to be PGP5.x, which perhaps technically I am, but my key is really 2.x
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-11-20 08:53:52
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Search engines and https 
Can someone direct me where to get CA software to sign my own Stronghold key?
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-12-01 13:26:41
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
It seems to me that the purpose of a remailer is to strip the headers,
including the FROM header, not to put in fake headers.  Until someone can
explain it to me, I'd consider the idea of adding a FROM header to
anonymous mail to be asinine.
Best I can tell, the only reasonable good purpose for this is to create a
persistent nym identity without a reply to capability.  Well, remailer
software cannot support everything I suppose. (Even if Cracker may
apparently support this)
I would think the best way to put in a persistent nym capability would be
to database the PGP key id's along with the persistent identity.  Then the
remailer could produce lines like
Persistent identities would be created by sending a signed PGP message that
includes both the PGP public key and the persistent identity.  Since the
identity server would not database email addresses, only PGP key id's, and
only work for signed messages, there should be no problem with people
worrying about the remailer being compromised.  This also keeps someone
from stealing another's reputation capital.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-01 17:25:37
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Let me get this straight.  You are suggesting that anyone who wishes to be
anonymous should send a continuous 24 hour stream of low bandwidth data to
a central point in an effort to help keep anyone from knowing that they
wish to be anonymous.  While this may help correct the latency problem, how do you think this will
effect anonymity?  Do you think that by sending a continuos stream of data
to the remailer, the sender will be less identifiable?
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-01 22:49:28
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
I'm sure a remailer could be named the Cantsin Remailer if you donated the
equipment for it.  Yes, I understand that donations to EFF are tax
deductible.  However, I don't know where EFF stands on remailers, or what
they would do with the ecash you send them.  If EFF does not want to become
involved in a remailer with you, then you still have the offer to send the
donation to EFGA if you would like.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-02 15:45:09
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
I've thought about putting ads in the headers of remailer messages.  No one
I've approached, even for free advertising, has thought this was something
they wanted to be connected with.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-02 23:02:27
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailer advertising 
This does seem like a second place that remailer advertising could be
"sold."  Advertising to the sender side seems like a better idea than
recipient advertising, but I'm not sure it would go over very well either.
When the crypto vote recently came up in Congress, I suggested putting
"advertising" about the vote on outgoing remailer messages.  This would
have involved promotion of non EFGA web pages.  The owners of such web
pages, who are pro-crypto, did not care for the association with a remailer.
For a recipient side ad, I thought of simply sending out a terms of service
message, perhaps replaced in the future by paid advertising.  We discussed
this, and decided that users would be bothered by getting return email when
they send the remailer a message.  We considered sending a return message
not with each message, but say only once per month, or only once every two
weeks.  Feedback I got on this was that users would not like the remailer
acknowledging them.  Obviously we would have to build some database of who
sent something when in order to make this work.  A database of who has sent
a message in the last two weeks is just another chink in the armor waiting
to be exploited.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-03 11:35:40
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Traffic Analysis 
I'm curious about traffic analysis capability.  While I don't know the
exact figures involved, I'd say that Cracker throws away about 10% of the
messages it receives.  Admittedly, these are probably not encrypted
messages (I don't know.  Humans do not get to read the messages.)  Does
this make traffic analysis more difficult?
On the other side, if Cracker were to send out more messages that it takes
in, or just replace these thrown away messages with random noise messages,
perhaps encrypted, would this foil traffic analysis?
Or suppose Redneck sent each nym an encrypted message each day, or more
often?  This would be a pure nonsense message just sent out to foil traffic
analysis.  Since the server generated the nonsense message internally,
there would be no matching incoming message for Redneck.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-03 14:07:24
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Traffic Analysis 
Remailers in general will throw away messages at times.  Sometimes on
purpose, sometimes by accident.  This is not replaced by any cover traffic.
 For purposes of argument, we could say that a remailer throws away
messages that violate usage policies.  This accounts for some amount of
traffic, let's just say 10% to name a figure.  Of course this sounds
reprehensible, so you ask what sort of message gets thrown out?  Some
examples might be:
 * 3,000 copies of the same message to the same person
 * Any mail from Sanford Wallace at Cyberpromo.com
 * A 300MB mailbomb
Basically some messages that constitute abuse (without examining actual
content) get tossed.  These are "valid" messages from people which the
remailer might decide to not continue to send.  Much of this mail never
even reaches the remailer code as it gets tossed at an earlier level.
Since about 10% of incoming traffic gets tossed, it would seem that this
would somehow effect traffic analysis.  This traffic is not replaced, and
much of the dropped traffic is not even know to the remailer.  How much
would this actually effect traffic analysis?
As a side point, software problems will at times cause chained messages to
get tossed.  From time to time certain remailers become incompatible with
each other, or user held public keys do not get updated properly.  This
will also cause messages to get tossed.
Cracker sends messages as "Anonymous" and does not allow replies to be
returned to the sender.  Redneck on the other hand allows each user to pick
a pseudonym and allows relies to be returned to the sender.  This is known
as a "nym".  The whole point of a nym is to be able to receive replies (as
well as establish reputation capital).  People who have nyms on the
remailer want to receive email back to them.  Nyms are managed and
authenticated with PGP.  My question is would it foil traffic analysis if a
number of remailer server generated messages were to go out to the nyms
without ever having matching incoming traffic?
I'd be willing to be involved in a first amendment challenge against any
such law.  I suspect we would win in the US.  At least we won the last 1st
amendment challenge against remailers.  (ACLU vs Miller)
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-03 17:44:59
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Traffic Analysis 
You may be confusing actual traffic, with valid customer traffic. (BTW -
the 10% reject figure was totally pulled out of the air.  Since there is no
logging on a remailer, I'm just making an educated guess.)  Almost all
commercial sendmail implementations reject a large amount of traffic and
call it "spam filtering".  It's very effective, but the fact is that
incoming mail traffic is blocked before any program such as a remailer can
see the messages.  Some of this is done by IP address, some is done through
other methods.  I'm merely suggesting that a commercial remailer will have
similar policies.  A remailer will also toss any email that is not
addressed to a deliverable recipient.  Apparently some people can't type.
:)  I'm not suggesting anything is happening here other than what occurs
with an ISP and normal email.  Or what usage polices claim are allowable.
I'm merely pointing out that like any ISP, some mail is tossed.
For usage policies, I would think it is the originating user's fault.  For
middleman mail rejects, it is the middleman remailer's fault.  For public
key errors, it is the originating user's fault.  For the cases mentioned, I
wouldn't put the blame on the initial remailer.
You can sum it up by saying messages are tossed due to
 * Spam
 * Denial Of Service (DOS) attacks
 * typing errors
Giving an example that overly simplifies things... I think my idea here was
that for some number of nyms, they would each receive an average of, say,
five messages each day.  All five messages would be addressed from the
remailer and PGP encrypted.  Four of the messages would be from real people
trying to communicate with the owner of the nym.  One would be a bogus
message sent to confuse traffic analysis.  All four real messages would
come into the remailer encrypted to the remailer and addressed to the
remailer.  My thought was that fake outgoing messages to the nym would look
identical to real messages, thereby helping obscure the "mix" just a little
better.  This helps hide the identity of the sender of the email that is
headed to a nym.
To define nym again, a nym is someone who has registered a real email
address with the remailer.  For instance, ravage at anon.efga.org might remail
to ravage at ssz.com.  So it would be possible for someone to send a message
to remailer at anon.efga.org that would ultimately arrive at ravage at ssz.com,
but the sender would have no idea of who the final destination of the
email.  The remailer keeps this info in an internal database (as it must)
and is not available to anyone other than the remailer software.  There
would be no way, without traffic analysis, for a connection to be made
between the sender and the recipient.
Having just spent a year and a half involved in a federal court case over
the 1st amendment right to anonymity on the net, and winning, I'd have to
disagree with you here.  Our affidavit specifically mentioned remailers,
among other things.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-04 02:25:56
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: legal question of DSA-based signatures? 
My first thought is.. which country are you talking about?
The question is a complex one.  The first question is, what is meant by a
signature?  Courts have rules that valid signatures include and "X",
spitting on the document, and signing "Mickey Mouse" (an actual case).
Even a "/s" at the end of a document would constitute a signature.  The second question is of more concern.  Signatures are linked in law to
"writings."  In order to consider a digital signature, you must first
define the concept of a "writing."  Is electronic mail or an electronic
document a writing?  Is a facsimile copy a writing?  Recently, a US based
state level supreme court ruled that faxes were not writings, but rather
were "beeps and chirps".  Since faxes are not writings, a faxed signature
was ruled to not be a valid signature anywhere within the state.
This is a problem that digital signature law must consider.  How to make an
electronic document a writing.  Currently states are doing so by passing
laws that explicitly define electronic documents as writings.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-04 11:10:16
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: PGP Keyservers and 5.0 DSS/D-H Keys... 
Part of your answer is that the 2.6.x servers, once modified, will handle
5.0 keys.
We have a keyserver running at keys.efga.org that handles the 2.6.x and the
5.0 keys.  Right now I think we only support the PGP5.0 HTML based
interface that operates on port 11371.  I don't think we implemented web
based or email based key submission.  This would be trivial to add, we just
didn't do it.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-12 02:56:21
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: encrypting images 
PGP will encrypt any file.  The win95 version allows you to do it with one click of a mouse button from explorer, as PGP becomes fully integrated into Some notes about PGP5.0 for Win95...  later versions of the Eudora/PGP product do not support RSA, only DSS keys.  To fix this and get it back to the functionality of the beta versions, you can purchase a PGP RSA module for $5 directly off of the PGP web site.
I'm testing the PGP5.0/RSA against various Linux versions and getting mixed reviews on how well it works.  But some of these problems seem to be operator error, and overall pgp5.0 is working well.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-23 06:01:43
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: encouraging digital pseudonyms 
Perhaps I am missing something here.  I find it easy to distinguish type-I
anonymous traffic from nym mail.  Anonymous mail usually comes from an
address like 'anon or 'nobody while pseudonymous mail will come from a
A pseudonym is almost indistinguishable from a regular email address.  The
only way you can tell is if your know the domain is a remailer domain.
Since there are very few stable nymservers in the world, it should not be
hard to filter for all of the stable nyms individually.  If I was looking
or a generic way to filter out from all anonymous mail from the 3 to 12
nyms (depending on how you count) on the same domains, I'd look for the
word "anonymous" in the from field.
I successfully filter all anonymous mail I receive, but I assign it a color
rather than rejecting anonymous mail.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-25 10:48:00
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: The Telcos oppose Oxley 
While this provision (that criminalized the use of crypto in a crime) of
the original SAFE bill was a "bad thing" I personally thought that much of
the rest of the bill was ok and had some demented hope that this bad spot
could be fixed next year.  No one needs to say "I told you so."  Things
obviously have gone downhill.
The state of Georgia has a similar provision.  There is a law that makes it
a crime to use a "telecommunications facility".  As I recall, it is a
felony and applies to drug charges.  The Georgia courts routinely give
people an extra five years for selling drugs through a phone call and for
what I suspect was the original intent of the law, a beeper.
In Georgia the presence of a beeper is synonymous with drug sales.  At
least with law enforcement agencies.  Probationers and parolees are not
allowed to "report" to their supervising agent if they are wearing a
beeper.  For police, the presence of a beeper on a person is reason to
suspect drugs.
I'm sure that we have the possibility of crypto becoming the same thing.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-26 08:13:03
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
By latency, I assume you mean the lag time from when the message is sent,
till when it is received.  There are several possible reasons as to why a
remailer message is subject to a longer lag time than you like.
Remailer software is often a work in progress.  Changes are made on a
regular basis.  A recent change to correct one problem recently had the
effect of spinning off multiple copies of some of the remailer sub
programs.  As more and more copies went into memory, the machine got slower
and slower.  Programming changes are not an uncommon thing.
But remailers are subject to the same forces as other things on the
internet.  Email is particularly well suited for asynchronous
communications, so email is often left to drag behind while other processes
continue.  I've seen email I send to lists take hours to appear back to me.
 In addition to this natural internet force, remailers can be throttled to
go slow.  There are a number of options that can be selected by the
administrator to keep the remailer running slowly.  One of the more
externally obvious is the reordering pool.  A reordering remailer is
designed to fool traffic analysis by sending messages out in a different
order from what they come in.  By design a message must wait to be
delivered.  A user option in remailers will allow the sender to specify an
additional wait time to add to the system generated latency.
What would it take to get latency to under 60 seconds?  More remailer
traffic would help.  If instead of 100 messages per hour a remailer was to
receive 1,000 messages per hour there would be less need to throttle the
system and introduce lags to foil system traffic.  The reordering pool
would be flushed much more quickly.  You asked about hardware, there are
places where faster, or more hardware might help.
The truth is not everyone wants to reduce latency.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-26 20:08:40
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
Your desired functionality seems to be describing the operation of a nym
server, which you are not using.  With a nym server, your email address
would be something like cantsin at anon.efga.org, rather than
anon at anon.efga.org.  You do not get this capability when you use the
Georgia Cracker remailer, you would have to use the Redneck Remailer
instead.  There are currently hundreds of ordinary looking email addresses
on our nym server.  While Monty Cantsin may be a pseudonym you post under,
it is not a "nym" in remailer network terms.  Once you get a nym you can
also receive replies anonymously.
More information about how to get a nym can be found at
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-28 02:35:44
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
The answer to your question may be to first recast your questions and ask
why would someone want to attach ecash?  I assume you are trying to "pay"
for the email you send.  This goes against the general model of the
internet.  Unlike the phone company, the net peers freely with no
interconnection charges, so inter lata charges do not have to be tracked
and collected.  This allows for a flat rate pricing scheme.  For remailers,
this flat rate is generally zero dollars, i.e. free.
There are remailers of various types who offer services for a charge of
some sort.  This is generally a flat rate fee, either per month, or per
year.  There is likely no desire to price on a per item basis.  If there
were, I would think it would be in the millicent range of pricing.
If I were to set up a for pay remailing system, I would prefer to have a
per month, or per year fee.  This is more for the nym model of remailer.  I
assume you mean the Type-I such as you are using now.  It would be
interesting to setup as a test, but I don't see there would be any market
for it.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-28 04:23:57
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
This is an interesting idea.  I'm going to forward it to the
remailer-politics list and see what people there think of the idea.
The Redneck remailer, for instance, has a 99+% uptime rate.  The reason for
this being high is that it is run under a business model.  The connectivity
basically cannot go down.  There has only been 23 minutes of connectivity
downtime in the last year.  Redneck is run on a business quality network
with multiple backbone feeds.  But things break down after that.  Redneck
also runs on an underpowered 486 with no "hotfix" backup machine.  It is
not considered to be a mission critical piece of equipment.  I might notice
Redneck have a problem at 1:00 am, but it can wait until in the morning to
get fixed.  Situations like this, combined with software upgrades account
for downtime.
Back to your question of latency, the actual latency on Redneck is about
six seconds if chaining is not used.  This is "high" because the remailer
runs on an underpowered machine.  If the machine is not doing its thing for
any length of time, then the figure will go up dramatically, which is why
you see the two minute latency now.  Cracker however is *designed* to have
additional latency.  The figure shown is twenty something minutes, but
actual latency of an individual message cannot be determined. Conceivably,
it could be much higher or lower on any given message.  The latency could
be under 60 seconds during a busy time, or could be hours during a slow time.
This is similar to the AOL effect.  It is often hard to have respect for an
unknown poster from AOL.  The remailer at EFGA is new.  I've come to
realize that this natural hostility towards a remailer is a good reason to
put the remailer on a separate domain.  We might do this.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-28 10:10:40
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
For a variety of reasons, mail is never "lost" to Redneck because of
downtime.  Only if the Redneck remailer is unreachable for a period of say
five days (it really depends on the sender's ISP) will a message get lost.
Then it will be attempted to be returned to the sender, by the Sender's
ISP's machine, not redneck.  In a case where Redneck is too busy too often,
or for some other reason, the sender's ISP's equipment will resend the
message to Redneck dozens or hundreds of times until the message goes
through.  The downtime statistic is more an indication of when email has to
be sent more than once to get to Redneck.  Apparently this is 17 out of
1,000 messages on the average.  To be honest, I don't really know how the
stats program works, I'm just assuming this is what is being checked.
I'm not sure what you mean here.  A properly run remailer doesn't lose
messages.  There may be criteria that triggers a remailer to discard a
message, but a message never gets lost.
Did I open up a can of worms by saying that?  Policies will vary from
remailer to remailer.  Some items that might get discarded (or might not)
would be things such as   Mail from cyberpromo.com
  A 300MB email bomb
  6,000 identical messages to the same address
  A message to a particular newsgroup
  Mail to someone who has requested to be blocked
Remailers support free speech, but some mild restraints are placed to aid
in preventing abuse.  If you are talking about setting up a remailer as a
business then as a business there would be policies of what did or did not
go through.
You asked earlier which remailers charge for services.  I'm really not
sure.  Check   I believe they offer anonymous accounts
and accept Ecash.    -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-28 15:15:24
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Let's assume you want to setup a remailer for profit.  You could use a
spare machine on your desktop and share a phone line part time by using a
PPP connection.  But I take it this is not what you are suggesting.  I'm
assuming you want a commercial quality service.  You'll need a machine,
colocation space, UPS power, a router to separate from the rest of the
internal network, a  phone line for complaints and administration, a domain
name, and a person who can do programming, server administration, and
administrative work, perhaps 20 hours per week.
Startup costs        $3,400
                     ------
Recurring costs	$4,495 x 12 months =	$53,940
Fixed costs					$ 3,400
This makes an estimated business cost of $57,340 for one year, or $4,778
per month, or about $159 per day.  based on 4,000 messages per day that
gives a base cost per message of less than 4 cents.  Actual operation costs
would be higher, but even at triple that price, if there is a demand for
the service (which I have my doubts) the 25 cent price would make a profit.
What about the free system does not seem to work well?  A free remailer's
lifespan even if shut down after a few months or a couple of years does not
seem to be to much different from that of any other startup business.
4,000 messages per day on the cracker remailer is not based on the
machine's capacity, but is based on actual total worldwide demand today.
(at least this is about the highest per day count that cracker has had)
I'd be interested in how you think any full time remailer like the Cracker
service is inadequate and how making it a pay service would resolve this.
I'll admit that I really have not used DigiCash.  Maybe someone here can
tell me some experiences with it.  I found two problems.  Last I checked,
the bank account reuired to have digicash had a service fee of about $10
per month.  Secondly, when I participated in the cybercash trials, I
changed ISPs and was never able to get my money transferred from the old
email account to the new one.  Their customer service wasn't able to help
me get it done.  Can anyone else tell me about better experiences with ecash?
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-29 07:55:46
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
A missing message may just be a delayed message.  Almost all remailers on
Raph's list are at a 99+% uptime rate.  This figure is probably computed
based on a ping to rlist and a reply through the reordering pool.  I would
suspect that Raph waits for the latency period of the remailer.  If the
ping does not return, then uptime is less than 100%.  My suspicion is these
pings are "missing" because they are near the end of the list of pings and
just stuck in the reordering pool, or stuck in the normal connection
failure process.  I've personally had messages in the reordering pool for
over six hours.
Since almost all of the remailers on Raph's list are at 99+% uptime rates,
then I would daresay no messages get lost.
Even if you wish to assume that remailers lose messages due to bugs in the
software, a payment system is not likely to fix that any more so than the
current group effort.  Public domain, freeware, and shareware software has
often had higher quality than commercial software.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-29 12:57:51
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
At first I thought some of the stuff Monty Cantsin was discussing was
interesting, but it has gotten out of hand.  I've asked the question
before, Why would remailer operators want to accept Ecash?  After seeing
the conflicting messages coming from Mr. Catsin, I to rephrase it, why does
*Mr Catsin* want remailer operators to use Ecash?
The first answer I got was so that remailer reliability could increase.
The theory as I understood it was that remailers were run like a hobby, not
a business, so the money would be an incentive to bring in professionalism.
 So I proposed, and documented, that the minimum level to achieve this
would be a $50K investment over a year's time.  This is in fact, more or
less what the Cracker remailer takes to run.  Most of the resources are
donated in some way, but this is their equivalent retail value.  Even so,
with Monty's pricing structure and Cracker's current level of traffic it
would be enormously profitable.
Then Mr. Cantsin seemed to go back to the all you need are some spare parts
theory of remailer operation.  Enormous profits of $200 per month, or even
$5,000 per year.  Well, Cracker handles close to 25% of worldwide remailer
traffic of it's kind[1].  And it's not much.  I would say this is due
mainly to the user interface.  Making remailers more difficult to use by
adding Ecash is not going to increase traffic significantly.
  >I recommend that people start pricing at a quarter per message per hop
In my opinion, and I've been known to be wrong, this is a seriously messed
up comment.  A quarter per message is too much, much less a quarter per
hop. A price of 1/100 of a penny per message is closer to a proper
valuation. But the problem here is in the pricing model.  It should not be
transactional unless to encourage the very casual user.  A pricing model
should be flat rate.  One price for a month, or even a year's service.  The
net is based on a peering price structure, not an inter-lata structure.
Trying to compute or add charges at each hop is against the nature of
information flow for the net.
  >We are talking about how to get a working payment system up for
  >remailers which gets us great service and provides privacy and
  >security.
The point I have never gotten past is how you expect a payment system to
change the level of service?  The next point I'm still shaking my head over
is what about remailer services is not up to your standards?  The only
thing I have heard you mention is latency, which is a feature programmed
into the remailers.  If anything, people would pay to add latency, not to
take latency away.
  >Remailers are used by a small highly
  >specialized market of perhaps a few hundred people.
There is some truth in this statement.  But there are also remailers run by
a variety of companies such as hotmail, juno, and the like.  They encompass
millions of users.  Millions of users who want a remailer, but will not
tolerate the level of entry required for a Type-I or Mixmaster remailer.
Until client software can be improved and made as easy to use as an
integrated spelling checker, the "advanced" remailers will have no true
market share.  (Oh, I forgot.  Most of the world uses email clients without
integrated spell checkers.)
[1] Cracker handles 27% of worldwide traffic based on adding all the stats
found at  though I would assume some remailers are not on
this list.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-29 14:57:22
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
Sure.  You can run a remailer on whatever bandwidth, and under whatever
conditions you choose.  When I did a breakdown of the pricing, I simply put
forth what Cracker has behind it, not the minimum required.  But with an
ISDN line, you  then have to have a location to house it, so you in theory
require rent.  You also add one more thing in the loop that is subject to
The winsock remailer demonstrates that a remailer can run on a 28.8K PPP
connection, part time.  Remailers never have been bandwidth intensive.
An advantage of the 10MB connection for Cracker is that when those several
hundred megabyte mailbombs, and thousands of addresses to the same location
come in, they can be discarded faster than with a 64K ISDN connection.
In reality, Cracker runs with whatever resources have been made available
to us.  It turns out we were offered a spare 10MB connection before we
offered a spare 64K connection. And interestingly enough, the true cost of
the 10MB connection is less than the 64K ISDN connection would be.  There
are definite advantages to a colocated machine even if it is what we are
"stuck with".
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-09-30 06:14:26
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
Cracker is a colocated machine.  I've said this before.  The connectivity
charges includes space, electricity, air conditioning, back up power,
network management, bandwidth, and so forth.  For connectivity pricing, I
took the cost of a rack and prorated it for one machine.  Cracker is run by
Electronic Frontiers Georgia (EFGA).  EFGA is a non-profit Georgia
corporation.  No, I never said we were a commercial enterprise.  I merely
outlined what the equivalent cost to a commercial enterprise would be.  In
Cracker's case, that is $50K per year based on prorated prices, not the
full charges.
Of course I left out our donated legal time we have.  When used, that is a
chunk of money.  $50K per year would not begin to cover the costs of
operation for a standalone commercial remailer operation.  It does
represent what Cracker currently is using, including current donated
To run Cracker as a standalone commercial enterprise would take a lot of
ecash, and I don't think it would be feasible at this point in time.  For
an existing internet business, adding a remailer may be very inexpensive, a
cost of practically zero, except for the complaints.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1997-10-01 09:20:50
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
If Monty would like to send a suitable 486, I'll see to it that it becomes
a remailer.  If you would like to send two 486's, I'll see to it that they
both become remailers and at least one of them has a latency under 60 secs
average.  Donated machines (stuffed with ecash, I hope) may be sent to:
Robert Costner
Electronic Frontiers Georgia
Suite A-205
4780 Ashford-Dunwoody Rd.
Atlanta, GA 30338
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-12-30 10:54:57
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: [EFGA] DragonCon.net Receives Subpoena for User Records 
Reply-To: owner-announce at efga.org
X-URL:     DRAGONCON.NET RECEIVES SUBPOENA FOR USER RECORDS
This week DragonCon.net, a free email service, received a Subpoena
requesting information on one of its users including
    the true and correct legal name, IP addresses, E-mail addresses,     E-mail headers and postal address
The matter has been referred to attorneys to see if the Subpoena is valid
and should be complied with.  DragonCon.net places a high value on the
privacy of it's users and will not release user info based on a casual
 is a privacy friendly email forwarding and
newsgroup posting service using technology developed by Electronic
Frontiers Georgia (EFGA) .  EFGA is known for it's
leadership in the worldwide anonymous remailer community, the Georgia
Cracker remailer , and as the original plaintiff in
the internet anonymity case ACLU vs. Miller.  DragonCon.net has been a way
to extend a form of privacy and anonymity to those who wish for some
anonymity in communications without the burden of encryption imposed by the
Cypherpunk remailer system.
Dragon*Con  is a science fiction and fantasy
convention held each year in Atlanta, Georgia.  DragonCon.net is a free
email service for members of Dragon*Con which also allows anyone else to
have an email account.  DragonCon.net, the email service, is operated
independently of Dragon*Con by a third party company.  Says Chairman Ed
Kramer of Dragon*Con, "Dragoncon.net is run by an independent company; we
have no control over their policies.  However, we certainly respect the
privacy of our members and support the pro-privacy polices of the internet
service towards their users.  We've been told that attorneys are reviewing
irregularities in the subpoena, and the internet service may be forced to
not honor it."
The matter is a civil action against a group of email-name defendants, none
of which appear to be the Dragoncon.net user.  Dragoncon.net is not a party
in the suit.  We do not yet know the nature of the civil action.  More
information will be announced in a few days.
For more information contact   Robert A. Costner
  pooh at efga.org
  770 402-3580
To join or be removed from this list, send a message to majordomo at efga.org
the message body of SUBSCRIBE announce or UNSUBSCRIBE announce

@_date: 1998-01-02 03:30:43
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: IRC Internet chat with Electronic Frontiers (fwd) 
There have always been two groups in Texas, one in Austin, and one in
Houston, I think.  Austin is of course the famous home of the Steve Jackson
raids.  Rumor has it that the two groups are merging into one to be called
something similar to EF-Texas.  If you want more info, you'll have to get
it from Jon Lebkowsky, Gene Crick, or one of the others in Texas.  I'm sure
Jon will address this during his chat.
Hopefully we'll have the text of the chat session, or at least the first
hour, on a web page after the chat.  Jon's chat session will be on
Wednesday, January 7, 1998 at 7:00 EST (5:00pm Pacific)
The session hosted by EF Australia should be Saturday, January 17, 1998 at
8:00pm EST (11:00am Sunday, Brisbane, AU), Hosted by Greg Taylor of
Electronic Frontiers Australia.  (maybe 7:00 EST - it is not set in stone)
To be honest, I'm getting confused on the time zones.  Today I noticed a
mistake I made earlier when I added when I should have subtracted.  Plus I
haven't figured out Australia and GMT time yet, to do it without thinking.
More info about times, and hopefully any corrections can be found at
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-08 14:01:03
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers & N.E.T. 
Perhaps the use of a remailer for this message below is an attempt to
escape the criminal provisions of the No Electronic Theft Act.

@_date: 1998-01-08 17:23:10
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Question on U.S. Postal Service and crypto 
A few months back I asked a USPS rep about this, and was told that the idea
had been scrapped.  I do not know that this was correct.  The USPS was
going to do timestamping as well as act as a CA as I recall.  The
timestamping is a action that "postmarks" the digitally signed message.
Many attorneys feel this is a very good thing, though I have had a hard
time justifying the need for this to some technically inclined people.
Try "digital postmark" in yahoo.
An interesting feature of the digital postmark is that the USPS was making
the claim that if you receive an email that the USPS send to you that was
not meant for you, then you have committed a federal crime when you read it.
Additional timestamping services are available perhaps from Pitney Bowes,
Arthur Anderson, and   My memory on
this fails me.    -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-09 05:36:12
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Question on U.S. Postal Service and crypto 
I wasn't commenting on the legality, but on the fact that the USPS web page
was making the claim that it was a crime.  Apparently whoever wrote the
legal disclaimer felt that email could be misdelivered in the same fashion
in which postal mail could be misdelivered and was making this claim.  I
found the claim to be nutty and made me think they didn't know what they
were doing.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-09 06:29:13
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers & N.E.T. 
Unfortunately you are semi wrong here.  The CDA specifically does not cover
Intellectual property matters, and the SPA has consistently insisted that
the ISPs are liable for what their users do with copyrighted materials.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-09 13:47:37
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Remailers & N.E.T. 
I think it would be pretty hard to distinguish the Cracker Remailer from an
Internet presence provider.  If hotmail or tripod were to be covered under
the CDA, then I would have to think Cracker would be as well.
EFGA/Cracker offers accounts, has dedicated servers, and has no editorial
control over content. At around 20,000 individual messages per week, I'd
have to say we are as good of a small online service as anyone else - even
if we only offer specialized services.  Many ISPs only have 100 or so users
and only about 1/6 of the connectivity of Cracker.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-12 14:03:56
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Privacy Software FTP site 
The Georgia Cracker remailer ( sent out a total of
     20,997 anonymous messages last week
FTP STATISTICS FOR PRIVACY FILES Electronic Frontiers Georgia's FTP site allows authors of selected software
to have a no cost, high bandwidth distribution site for their files. We are
not the authors of such software, nor have we tested the software. Please
use at your own risk. These files can be found at ftp.efga.org/privacy/ Statistics are for the week ended Saturday, Midnight EST, before Mon Jan 12
00:37:49 EST 1998 10 files uploaded
261 files downloaded
27 Private Idaho 32
22 pi32exe.exe
13 QdPGP Plug in for Pegasus
11 Jack B. Nymble, large file
18 JBN file 1 of 5
25 JBN file 2 of 5
21 JBN file 3 of 5
25 JBN file 4 of 5
26 JBN file 5 of 5
3 JBN upgrade
9 Potato 2.20
1 Decrypt
7 Freedom Remailer
0 'C' MemLock utility for PGP
About our FTP site
EFGA maintains a high bandwidth, low volume FTP site. Our servers are
located about 15 feet from a well managed network of high bandwidth fiber
connections to multiple backbones. We are capable of peak speeds of 10MB,
or about six times the speed of a T1. If you are the author of software
that supports EFGA causes such as Free Speech, anti-censorship, privacy, or
cryptography and would like for us to host your software, please contact us
for more information. These statistics are located at    -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-12 16:50:22
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: (eternity) mailing list and activity 
In the US, the remaining provisions of the CDA would shield an ISP from
prosecution concerning child porn.  In fact most everything but
intellectual property cases, which may be shielded by other means.  If the
eternity server acts merely as a pipeline, without the operators
participating or encouraging illegal activities, then there is a good
chance that the eternity server could be treated as a service provider in
the same fashion and be immune from prosecution directly.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-16 18:05:37
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: remailer resistancs to attack 
An obvious thing to try is to add some more remailers.  300 remailers would
not be immune to simultaneous shutdown by the authorities, but it would
make it more difficult.  A dozen of so remailers makes shutdown fairly simple.
A less obvious thing to try is to get the general windows users to start
making use of remailers.  If Eudora, Pegasus, and Outlook came nym ready
out of the box, with the ease of use of a spell checker, then this would
generate enough traffic to flood the remailer network and require hundreds
of servers.  This idea has it's own problems, but there is not much traffic
on remailers.  One of the busiest remailers in the world still has only
about 3,000 messages per day.  One spammer can send mail to more
destinations in a weekend than the entire remailer network in a year.
Threats to the remailer network come from a few basic places.
  1.  Traditional law enforcement
  2.  Unauthorized law enforcement
  3.  "friends" of message recipients or "friends" of the remailer
  4.  unreliability of the machines that form the network
  5.  Hacking attacks
  6.  Design
  7.  User incompetence
Of the above, the most dangerous in my opinion is "friends".  This is what
shut Balls down.  This is where Cracker gets the worst complaints.  Seldom
do I hear a complaint from a message recipient, more I hear from "I have a
friend who got this message..."  Traditional law enforcement is a quick
call with a thank you I'm dropping this.  While penet shut down after an
investigation, he alluded to the fact that he was just tired of the
hassles.  Weasel did not shut down because of the law, but due to the
desire to not expose his ISP to hassles.
Traditional law enforcement takes so long to investigate, the keys could be
canceled and replaced several times.  In the US I don't think that law
enforcement really cares enough to issue a warrant.  Almost no warrants
have ever been issued for remailers.  Though I would not be surprised to
find that intense extra-legal investigations were done on cases that
involved situations such as Jim Bell's Assassination Politics.
Cracker goes off line for a few hours every month.  We basically never lose
messages, but we can delay some.  We have a downtime between 1.6% and 3% on
the overall average.  This is our remailer only.  Compare this with the
network - we only had 26 minutes of downtime in the last 365 days.
Recently another remailer went down due to a hard drive problem - for a
week or more.  Software and hardware problems are significant issues for
remailers.  Another is incompatibilities in moving data from one mail host
to another.  Every once in awhile machines just become incompatible, often
due to sendmail configurations designed to block spam or provide better
As for hacking attacks, Cracker/EFGA has had some people censured by their
ISP for stuff like spoofing us, mailbombing, and that good 'ole ping thing.
 To be honest, we've never been hurt by it anyway, but we do monitor for
such things.
A significant problem is in design.  The remailer network is not designed
to be robust or fault tolerant.  There is no error notification to the
user.  If your message gets dropped along the way, there is no recovery
system that gets it through another route.  If you misspell your
destination address, or other problem exists, you don't get notified of the
Still for a group of volunteers running software that is patched almost
every week, providing services for free - they don't do a bad job.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-17 04:04:04
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Legality of faxed signatures. 
In Georgia, the state appeals court declared that faxes are "beeps and
chirps" and therefore not writings.  As a fax is not a writing, it cannot
have a signature.  Therefore the signature cannot be valid.  This was in a
case that involved a required notice to arrive by a certain time.
Traditionally, on a writing anything is a signature including an 'X', spit,
and the words "Mickey Mouse".
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-01-17 07:09:47
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Legality of faxed signatures. 
Part of the process for having a Digital Signature law is to establish the
definition of a writing.  Since faxes are not writings, but email is, you
should be able to scare them into digital signatures pretty easily.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-07-09 13:34:22
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: "Classified" Ads  (Was Re: RSA in perl illegal to export) 
If there is any real interest in doing this as a group, I'll be happy to
setup a web site and a mail list for this.
Does newsprint from most major US papers still qualify as  "A small group
of internet users manufacturing and distributing tons of high end munitions
for export overseas?"
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-12-01 04:14:51
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: dctest remailer - remailer@dragoncon.net 
Currently no encrypted email is apparently getting through the dctest
remailer.  I'll look into fixing the problem later.  Only non encrypted
remailer mail is working.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-10-12 02:12:14
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Hidden WebTV signatures 
I have experimented with an X-signature line for "remailing" messages.  I
was recently trying this with the dragoncon.net service.
Cracker is a traditional Cypherpunk remailer.  Properly used, messages from
Cracker are not traceable even to governments.  Cracker generates enough
complaints to be bothersome.  Redneck, the nymserver, on the other hand
produces almost no complaints.  I perceive the different on the user's side
as being accountability and the use of a persistent identity.  On the
recipients side, the issue is retribution.  There are people who receive
anonymous messages who simply want retribution.  Cracker does not allow
this retribution to the user (so they pick on me:).  Redneck does allow
retribution.  Cracker and Redneck are "special" in that under no circumstances are logs
kept, messages traced, or any attempt done to track users.  So I started a
variation of a nym service at another domain, Based on comments from recipients and users of anonymous messages, I kept
two requirements
 * No user based encryption required
 * Retribution against the user is available
There is/was a back door in that while all messages go out with an X-IP
header, this is "lost" if the user originally registered with a first name
of "Anonymous".  I will not claim this is as secure as Cracker or Redneck,
but the service does fit the needs of many people.
I wanted to keep my original requirements in mind and allow messages to be
sent  "From: Anonymous" such as a cypherpunk remailer does.  In an effort
retain my requirement of recipient retribution, I experimented with the
idea of adding an X-Signature header which verifies the messages and the
sender address, but only to the dragoncon.net  mailer software.  I
experimented with PGP and the smallest key length hoping to get signatures
down to two lines, but this was not possible.
The idea was that only a registered user could post a message using the
"Anonymous" user id.  But if there were complaints, then I could assist the
complainant in getting retribution.  In fact, it would even be possible to
send replies to "Anonymous" and the remailer would determine who to send
the message to.
I played with it for a day.  Maybe I'll pick it up again later.  Any
comments on the idea are appreciated.  I don't usually read all cypherpunk
messages, so cc'ing me if you start a new thread would be nice.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
Get your free email at

@_date: 1998-10-13 07:14:13
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: IP: Tracking: Machines to Check Airline Bags Mostly Idle, Report Says 
Someone please correct me if I am wrong, but including the TWA flight that
precipitated this mess, isn't it true that for the last 20 years or so no
bombs have been known to get onto planes in the US even without the bomb
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-10-27 04:17:28
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: MIB Subponeas 
This last one is too funny to not use.  I don't have a subpoena, but I can
just see myself writing back explaining this and requesting assistance with
a plane flight to solve this problem.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-10-29 13:32:17
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: MIB Subpoenas 
Actually I was thinking of trying to get ahold of Jim Bell and get
permission to publish Assassination Politics in Hardback along with other
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-10-30 14:56:19
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: William H. Gates III 
531-539 ...Washington
according to BTW - When you look at The last two digit group issued for 539 is "39".  And according to
 the numbers are not issued in sequence,
but according to an strange method.  The early odds, then the evens, then
the rest of the odd number groups.  Just in case anyone wants to understand
how to detect bogus numbers.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-09-19 00:46:11
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Airline security searches 
I didn't take a close look at the process, but I had this happen to me on a
flight headed towards San Jose using America West.  They did the chemical
screen here in Atlanta airport.  I'm white, normal looking Atlanta guy, but
they said at the ticket counter they were doing random searches, handed me
a piece of paper, and said I would get my boarding pass after I was checked.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-09-27 21:31:48
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Cypherpunks defeat? 
I would tend to disagree with this.  Instead, few people use encryption
technology today because encryption technology is seldom transparent to the
Few users "think" encryption when they use SSL.  It is transparent.  I
suspect that if you were to survey recent users of SSL pages, you would
find that most believe they have not used encryption in the last week.
When PGP 5.x came out, suddenly encryption became, not widely used, but
much more widely than before.  Encryption in email became somewhat
transparent in the sending process of email, but still non transparent in
the transport and receiving of the email.  The user can easily tell the
difference between an encrypted and a non encrypted message.  This non
transparent quality is still a problem.  Compare this with forged headers (which mainly are hidden in most email
clients).  Forged headers are transparent to the receiver until a closer
look is made.  To compare the two, with encrypted email the message is not
readily apparent.  An action must be taken (with Eudora/PGP and S-Mime
about four actions) to see the text of the message.  On the other hand,
with forged headers the message is apparent, and an action must be taken to
determine that it is not a valid message.
If my email came to me encrypted, only decipherable with my private key
with no passphrase or other action by me, I would be happy.  My computer
sits next to a drawer containing a pile of cash.  I perceive the cash to be
secured.  I also perceive my computer to be secured.  I want my encryption
I personally would like all my cell phone, cordless phone, and email
communications transparently encrypted.  If it were an option, and was
seamless  transparent, and the same price, then I suspect most people would
as well.
Yes, this has been a big problem.  Teller machines are now at about $1 per
transaction to cross networks.  Most of the internet payment systems
require a large chunk of the money be retained by the processing system.
Secure servers often want 12% to 50% of the transaction.  PC banking has
monthly charges.
I would suggest millicent to 1/100 of a penny for web page access.  A penny
a click would make me think twice, 1/100 of a penny would not cause me to
consider it.  But to be honest, today I would avoid a pay site and go to
the free sites.
If my pages were for pay, I would want them to turn up in the search
engines.  This is easy enough.  When I examine my logs, I can easily see
when certain search engines come looking.  The micropayment software simply
has to be configurable to allow certain IP addresses to be allowed to pass
without paying.
Is there existing open software available for this?
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key

@_date: 1998-09-27 23:20:13
@_author: Robert A. Costner 
@_subject: Cypherpunks defeat? 
I don't think you gave a URL for the IBM system.  Since you got me
interested, I went and looked at the "MilliCent" branded product from
Millicent is currently free in that scrip is not cash.  I have to laugh in
that MilliCent has a granularity of 1/10 of a penny.  So why call it
It looks like millicent could be used to pay for web based sending of
anonymous messages, but only if you have an NT server (or use theirs) and
only if you browse from windows.
Maybe if I find a millicent type system that works with a Linux server,
especially a "non money" one, I might setup a web based mailer that works
with it.  It would make a nice weekend project.  I'm been thinking of
revamping the dragoncon.net mailer anyway.
  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh at efga.org                   run PGP 5.0 for my public key
