
@_date: 2000-09-22 16:35:16
@_author: Michael Gallagher 
@_subject: CDR: Thank You for Joining Powerize.com 
Dear Joe,
When you registered on the EDGAR Online Web site recently, you
also requested a free membership on Powerize, the ultimate source for business and investment research on the Internet. Powerize is a subsidiary of Hoover's, Inc. (Nasdaq: HOOV), operator of Hoover's Online, the businessperson's portal (
We want to take this opportunity to welcome you as a new Member and to tell you that very soon you will receive another email message from us that contains your Powerize User ID and Password. (Your EDGAR Online
User ID and Password will not work on Powerize).
Please keep a lookout for this email message.  It will be titled:
When you receive this message, be sure to login on the Powerize homepage with your User ID and Password so that you can enjoy all the benefits of membership. If you'd prefer to create your own User ID and Password on Powerize, you can do so right now, in about a minute, on our Web site. Click here to begin:
Powerize offers more FREE business and financial research than any other site on the Internet, plus the Internet's best free alert service, free subscriptions to daily Industry News Digests, and much more. There's no better way to research stocks, competitors, customers, prospects, industries...whatever you need to know.
Note that Powerize content, alerts, and newsletters will become part of the Hoover's site in the near future, and that your free Powerize membership will automatically convert to a free Hoover's membership at that time.  More on this exciting development at a later date!
Again, welcome!
If you wish to unsubscribe from this email list please reply to this message with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line.
This message has been sent to cypherpunks at toad.com

@_date: 2000-09-26 16:43:45
@_author: Michael Gallagher 
@_subject: CDR: Your Powerize.com User ID and Password Are Enclosed 
Dear Joe,
When you registered on the EDGAR Online Web site recently,
you also requested a free membership on Powerize, the ultimate source for business and investment research on the Internet. Powerize is a subsidiary of Hoover's, Inc. (Nasdaq: HOOV), operator of Hoover's Online, the businessperson's portal (
Here are your Powerize/Hoover's User ID and Password:
User ID: JCypherpunk
Password: 8FsDpcQZ
We welcome you to the Powerize community, which now includes more than 700,000 members around the world. As a Member you're entitled to exclusive FREE access to great research, and much more...AFTER you login on the Powerize Web site!
This message contains background and orientation information about Powerize's features and services. We recommend that you save this message for future reference.
