
@_date: 2001-07-11 08:03:29
@_author: Passport Member Services 
@_subject: Welcome to Microsoft Passport--Making the Web Easier, Faster, and More Secure 
Hello cypherpunks at toad.com!
Please do NOT reply to this message. To contact us, see the
instructions below.
You have received this message because this is the e-mail
address you provided when you registered for a Microsoft®
Passport at a site that participates in the Passport network.
Your Passport is a single sign-in name, password, and wallet
that you can use to sign in and make online purchases from a
quickly growing number of Web sites.
Check out the Passport Directory at
 to see where you can use
your Passport.
NOTE: The rest of this message contains important information
about your Passport. You'll want to refer back to it
periodically, so please save it or print it out.
HOW TO USE YOUR NEW PASSPORT
Your new Passport sign-in name is: cypherpunks at toad.com
You'll need to provide your sign-in name and password
whenever you sign in. (For your security, we won't remind
you of your password here, but please make a mental note
of it.)
Passport is simple to use. To sign in, click the green Sign In
link on any Passport site. Type your sign-in name and password.
After you sign in to one participating site, you can sign
in to any other participating site with just one click--without
having to retype any information. To sign out of all sites you
signed in to, click the purple Sign Out link on any of those sites.
The wallet service is just as easy to use. You can store as
many credit cards and shipping addresses in your wallet as you
want, safely and securely. To make a purchase at a
participating merchant, click a Passport wallet button or
link, choose which credit card and shipping address you want
to use, and your information is sent to the online merchant
over a secure connection. You can create your wallet now at
IMPORTANT PASSPORT LINKS
To learn about Passport, get assistance, and view or update
your sign-in profile and wallet, visit Passport Member Services at
Finally, Microsoft is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We
encourage you to review our Passport privacy policy at
Thank you for using your Passport!
The Microsoft Passport Team
For more information about Passport, see

@_date: 2001-07-11 08:03:29
@_author: Passport Member Services 
@_subject: Please Verify Your Microsoft Passport E-mail Address 
Hello cypherpunks at toad.com,
Please do NOT reply to this message. To contact us, see the
instructions below.
You have received this message because this is the e-mail
address you provided as your preferred e-mail address for
Microsoft® Passport.
For your privacy and security, some participating Passport
sites require you to verify that this is your e-mail address
before allowing you to participate in certain activities at
their sites.
PLEASE VERIFY THAT THIS IS YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS by clicking
this link:
IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS MESSAGE IN ERROR, you can easily
remove this e-mail address from our records by clicking this
IF A LINK ABOVE DOES NOT WORK, use your mouse to select the
entire link (starting with " and going all the way
to the end of the link), and then copy it (usually by
clicking "Copy" in the "Edit" menu). Open your Internet
browser, and click in the box where you usually see the Web
page address. Paste the link (usually by clicking "Paste"
in the "Edit" menu), and then press Enter or Return on your
TO CONTACT US, learn about Passport, get assistance, and view
or update your sign-in profile and wallet, visit Passport Member
Services at Thank you for using your Passport!
The Microsoft Passport Team
For more information about Passport, see
