
@_date: 2009-02-07 19:34:42
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] Change you can download: a billion in secret 
[the first sentence of the previous message was cut off; this is a resend]
WIKILEAKS PRESS RELEASE
Sat Feb  8 02:27:22 GMT 2009
For immediate release.
"Change you can download"
Wikileaks has released nearly a billion dollars worth of quasi-secret reports
commissioned by the United States Congress. The 6,780 reports, current as of this month, comprise over 127,000 pages of
material on some of the most contentious issues in the nation, from the U.S.
relationship with Israel to abortion legislation. Nearly 2,300 of the reports
were updated in the last 12 months, while the oldest report goes back to 1996.
The release represents the total output of the Congressional Research Service
(CRS) electronically available to Congressional offices. The CRS is Congress's
analytical agency and has a budget in excess of $100M per year.
Open government lawmakers such as Senators John McCain (R-Arizona) and Patrick
J. Leahy (D-Vermont) have fought for years make the reports public, with bills
being introduced--and rejected--almost every year since 1998.
CRS reports are highly regarded as non-partisan, in-depth, and timely. The
reports top the list of the "10 Most-Wanted Government Documents" compiled by
the Washington based Center for Democracy and Technology[1]. The Federation of
American Scientists, in pushing for the reports to be made public, stated that
the "CRS is Congress' Brain and it's useful for the public to be plugged into
it,"[2]. While Wired magazine called their concealment "The biggest
Congressional scandal of the digital age"[3].
Although all CRS reports are legally in the public domain, they are
quasi-secret because the CRS, as a matter of policy, makes the reports
available only to members of Congress, Congressional committees and select
sister agencies such as the GAO.
Members of Congress are free to selectively release CRS reports to the public
but are only motivated to do so when they feel the results would assist them
politically. Universally embarrassing reports are kept quiet.
Each time the topic of opening up the reports comes up, it runs into walls
erected by opposing lawmakers such as Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska), who "like
many members of Congress, views CRS as an extension of his staff,". If the
reports were made public, "every time a member requests a particular document,
the public may infer that he's staking out a particular policy position."
(Aaron Saunders, Stevens' spokesman, Washington Post, 2007)[4].
However that hasn't stopped a grey market forming around the documents.
Opportunists smuggle out nearly all reports and sell them to cashed up special
interests--lobbyists, law firms, multi-nationals, and presumably, foreign
governments. Congress has turned a blind eye to special interest access, while
continuing to vote down public access.
Opposition to public availability comes not only from members of Congress but,
also, from within the CRS.
One might think that the CRS, as an agency of the Library of Congress, would
institutionally support having a wider audience. But an internal memo reveals
the CRS lobbying against the idea and opposing bills (S. Res. 54 and H.R. which would have given the public access to its reports (Project on Government
Secrecy, FAS, 2003)[5].
The first line pushed by the CRS is the one that appeals most to Congressional
members--open publication would prevent spin control. The memo states this in
delicate terms, referring to such spin failures as "Impairment of Member
Communication with Constituents".
Of course the CRS doesn't really care about politicians facing much needed
voter discipline, but it does have reasons of its own to avoid public
oversight. Institutionally, the CRS has established an advisory relationship
with members of Congress similar to the oversight-free relationship between intelligence agencies and the office of the President.
Free from meaningful public oversight of its work, the CRS, as "Congress's
brain", is able to influence Congressional outcomes, even when its reports
contain errors. Arguably, its institutional power over congress is second only
to the parties themselves. Public oversight would reduce its ability to
exercise that influence without criticism. That is why it opposes such
oversight, and that is why such oversight must be established immediately.
In 1913 Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, a forceful proponent for open
government, stated "Sunlight is the best disinfectant; electric light the most
efficient policeman". Those wise words are still true today.
Welcome, Congress, to our generation's electric sun.

@_date: 2009-07-16 23:14:27
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] Nuclear accident in Iran may lay behind mystery 
WIKILEAKS NOTE
Thu Jul 16 23:03:02 GST 2009
"Nuclear accident in Iran may lay behind mystery resignation"
Two weeks ago, a source associated with Iran's nuclear programme
confidentially told WikiLeaks of a serious, recent, concealed nuclear
accident at Natanz. Natanz is the primary location of Iran's
nuclear enrichment program.
We have reason to believe the source was credible however contact
with this source has been lost.
We would not normally mention such an incident without additional
confirmation, however according to Iranian media and the BBC, today
the head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization, Gholam Reza Aghazadeh
has resigned under mysterious circumstances. According to
reports, the resignation was tendered around 20 days ago.
Contact: wl-iran at ljsf.org

@_date: 2009-07-19 20:37:10
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] Big Trouble in Little Paradise: the Turks and Caicos 
WIKILEAKS PRESS RELEASE                                                             Sun Jul 19 20:28:57 GMT 2009
"Big Trouble in Little Paradise: the Turks and Caicos Islands takeover"
WikiLeaks has released a suppressed report laying at the center of UK
plans to seize direct control of the Turks & Caicos Islands, a popular
Caribbean tourist destination and tax haven.
A British warship on patrol in the Caribbean sea, the HMS Iron Duke, is
expected to support the takeover once the report is released.[1]
Following corruption allegations last year made against the Islands'
political elite, the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO)
commissioned Sir Robin Auld to head up a Turks & Caicos Islands Commission
of Inquiry.
Come March this year, and the release of an interim report, the Commission found itself in court, with the release of the full findings injuncted.
As a conclusion to that action, yesterday, the Commission briefly released
on its website what it called its Redacted Final Report[2]. According to
the Commission's accompanying press release, the-
   Governor's redaction results from the direction of the Hon Chief
   Justice Gordon Ward in the current litigation between Mario
   Hoffmann and Cem Kinay against the Governor and me (and an
   assurance given by the Hon Attorney General in proceedings brought
   by Jak Civre).
Yet only hours later, the 266 page report was removed.
WikiLeaks has obtained the full report-and restored the redacted text.
Included in the redactions are the findings relating to ex-Premier Misick,
Hall and Hanchell.
Based on the report there does appear to be genuine grounds for the
corruption allegations. Yet it is not clear that the Turks & Caicos
Islands is an exceptional case. Many British protectorates have corrupt
leadership, which means that the FCO can pick and choose its interventions
at whim, something that corrupt but assertive leadership in British
protectorates such as Bermuda must be noting with alarm.
Whether the leaders of such former colonies choose to stop looting their
countries or choose to placate the U.K. government in other ways remains
to be seen, but it is clear which way the incentives lay.
Source document:
* Turks and Caicos Islands Commission of Inquiry into grand corruption,
  Final Report, unredacted, 18 Jul 2009:
  1. -^ 2. -^ Online at: Enquiries: julian at ljsf.org

@_date: 2009-08-01 01:44:21
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] NYTimes Ed / Icelandic bank threats 
WIKILEAKS NEWS
Sat Aug  1 00:46:32 GMT 2009
1. Offshore banks v. WikiLeaks--round 2
Back in February 2008, WikiLeaks together with our boldest supporters,
defeated an attack by Swiss Bank Julius Baer over "banking secrets".
Now WikiLeaks has received a legal demand from the infamous Icelandic
bank Kaupthing.  The legal letter requests the removal of a
confidential 210 page risk analysis of hundreds of companies and
groups which owed the bank billions shortly before its collapse.
Kaupthing's lawyers claim to have briefed US counsel.
2. New York Times editorial on the money, but 7 years out of date
On Wednesday, the New York Times devoted an editorial to domestic
intelligence "fusion centers" and possible violations of the Posse
Comitatus Act. Posse Comitatus prevents the US military from being
used as police. The potential violations cited by the Times date
back to 2002--seven years ago.
While it is good to see the issue getting some attention, on May
5, 2009, we released the March 2009 "US Army Concept of Operations
for Police Intelligence Operations", a 60 page, official US military
The confidential manual contains phrases such as "It [fusion] does not have constraints
that are emplaced on MI [Military Intelligence] activities within
the US, because it operates under the auspice and oversight of the
police discipline and standards." and
"The coordinated effort gave law enforcement agencies the knowledge
to identify and prevent disruptive actions by violent protesters.
The operation was considered by Corps leadership to be a watershed
event for in-depth involvement of a garrison-based FP [Force Protection]
fusion cell in support of unit deployments. Moreover, the Corps
headquarters integrated the fusion cell into other operations where
the G2 [military intelligence] is constrained by intelligence
oversight rules".
This is the official policy behind the recently Force Protection
infitration of the activist group SDS in Washington State.
On July 25 we released "Washington Joint Analytical Center
Seattle private intelligence outsourcing, 1525 pages, 2006-2008". And on July 29, an analysis, "The spy who billed me twice",
which starts:
"There has been extensive political debate in the United States on
how safe it would be to move Guantanmo's detainees to US soilbut
what about their interrogators?  A confidential 1525 page file of
correspondence released to the public by WikiLeaks provides insights
into the privatization of intelligence operations in the United
States and the movement of such individuals into domestic intelligence
'fusion' centers...."
See  and
associated links under "Source Documents".
The New York Times does good work, but its editorial on this subject is
bizarrely antique.

@_date: 2009-06-03 21:27:59
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] WikiLeaks wins Amnesty 2009 New Media Award 
WIKILEAKS PRESS RELEASE - For Immediate Release
   Wednesday June 3, 2009
   "WikiLeaks wins Amnesty International 2009 Media Award"
   WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has won the Amnesty 2009 New
   Media Award for work exposing hundreds of recent extrajudicial
   assassinations in Kenya. The award was presented last night at
   a ceremony in London.
   Four people associated with investigating the killings have
   themselves been murdered, including noted human rights lawyers
   Oscar Kingara and John Paul Oulo, who were assassinated driving
   to an afternoon meeting at the Kenyan National Commission on
   Human Rights in March this year.
   WikiLeaks first ran its first story on the killings for a week
   on its fronpage, beginning November 1, 2008. Eventually the story
   was picked up by print media, starting with Jon Swain from the
   Sunday Times. Then, earlier this year the United Nations sent a team
   to Nairobi, lead by Prof. Alston, to investigate.
   According to AFP, earlier today a session of the U.N. Human
   Rights Council was told by the U.N Special Rapporteur on
   extrajudical killings, Prof. Philip Alston, that Kenya's police
   were a "major stumbling block" for probes into the killings.
   Prof. Alston also told that 47 member Human Rights Council on
   Wednesday that "Attacks on those who document abuses do not
   absolve a government of its obligation to investigate, prosecute
   and punish those responsible for extrajudicial executions,".
   In accepting the award, Mr. Assange stated "It is a reflection
   of the courage and strength of Kenyan civil society that this
   injustice was documented. Through the tremendous work of
   organizations such as the Oscar foundation, the KNHCR, Mars Group
   Kenya and others we had the primary support we needed to expose
   these murders to the world. I know that they will not rest, and
   we will not rest, until justice is done."
Source documents
     * Murder in Nairobi: Wikileaks related human rights lawyers assassinated
     * Kenya: The Cry of Blood - Report on Extra-Judicial Killings and
       Disappearances, Sep 2008
     * Kenyan assassinations: slain human rights lawyer Oscar Kamau Kingara
       letter to the International Criminal Court, 1 Jan 2009
     * Oscar Foundation - assassinated Kamau Kingara final report - The Veil
       of Impunity, 9 Oct 2008
     * Oscar Foundation letter to Minister for Internal Security over
       extra-judicial killings in Kenya, 14 Oct 2008
     * US Ambassador to Internal Security head over Kenyan assassination
Selected reportage
     * Cooperate with FBI, Raila tells Kenya police
     * Demonstrators accuse police over disappearance of kin
     * International Criminal Court will handle politicians but who will tame
       police
     * Raila now attacks security agencies
     * Two Kenyan rights activists shot dead
     * UN group to probe poll chaos deaths
     * UN probe indicts Kenya on police killings
     * UN urges probe into Kenya murders

@_date: 2009-10-05 00:37:56
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] investigative journalists, pressure groups top new 
WIKILEAKS NOTABLE DOCUMENT RELEASE
Mon Oct  5 00:31:35 GMT 2009
"2389 classified pages on how the UK stop leaks"
This significant, previously unpublished document (classified "RESTRICTED",
2389 pages), is the UK military protocol for security operations, including
The document includes instructions on dealing with leaks, investigative
journalists, Parliamentarians, foreign agents, terrorists & criminals, sexual
entrapments in Russia and China, diplomatic pouches, allies, classified
documents & codewords, compromising radio and audio emissions, computer
hackers.and many other related issues.
The document, known in the services as the "JSP 440" ("Joint Services Protocol
440"), was referenced by the RAF Digby investigation team as the protocol
justification for the monitoring Wikileaks, as mentioned in "UK Ministry of
Defence continually monitors WikiLeaks: eight reports into classified UK
leaks, 29 Sep 2009".
Example excerpts (bolding by WikiLeaks, [see  "D Def Sy"
means Directorate of Defence Security):
"Non-traditional threats
The main threats of this type are posed by investigative journalists, pressure
groups, investigation agencies, criminal eleme nts, disaffected staff,
dishonest staff and computer hackers. The types of threat from these sources
can be categorized in six broad groups: a. Confidentiality. Compromise of
politically sensitive information. This threat is presented by: (1) Pressure
groups and investigative journalists attempting to obtain sensitive
information. (2) Unauthorized disclosure of official in formation (leaks)..."
"Investigative journalists have exploited personal tax information; they also
target commercial and financial information as do criminal elements seeking
financial advantage. "
"Leaks of Official Information
Leaks usually take the form of reports in the public media which appear to
involve the unauthorised disclosure of official information (whether
protectively marked or not) that causes political harm or embarrassment to
either the UK Government or the Department concerned. Such disclosure may have
been made either orally, whether deliberately or carelessly, or followi ng the
unauthorised sight or passage of a document. Information that is formally
reported as lost to a security authority, and subsequently appears in the
public media, should not be treated as a leak but judged to be a compromise of
lost information and treated as a loss. First news of a leak may come direct
from a journalist attempting either to verify the information obtained or
wishing the Department or agency to know what access to official information
has been gained. In the rare cases where this occurs prior to publication, it
may be possible to seek an injunction to prevent publication. Leaks of
official information are to be reported to the appropriate PSyA or Command
security staff in the first instance. Where the leak is judged to be serious,
the PSyA or Command security staff are to bring it to the attention of D Def
Sy as soon as practicable, and within 24 hours if possible. The consequences
of leaks of official information are considered serious when they undermine
government policy or cause embarrassment to the government. Examples are: a.
The premature leaking of information on Defence Estimates or other financial
details. b. The leaking of MOD correspondence on issues that are controversial
at the time.
c. The leaking of details of overseas defence equipment negotiations prior to
formal agreements being signed. 0258. The following factors need to be taken
into account by the relevant PSyA or Command security staff in preparing to
report the incident as a leak to D Def Sy: a. The medium/media and journalists
(if known) concerned.
b. The intrinsic importance of information leaked. (If there is any doubt as
to whether or not the information is important, D Def Sy should be consulted
for advice). c. d. e. How widely the information was circulated and in what
form. Can a specific document be identified for the contents of the leak. The
identity, if immediately apparent, of the source of the leak.
f. Whether or not the Official Secrets Acts are believed to have been
breached, if immediately apparent. 0259. In general there is likely to be
advantage in pursuing a leak investigation in those cases where..."
"The threat to operations against these targets is less likely to arise from
positive acts of counter-espionage, than from leakage of information through
disaffected members of staff, or as a result of the at tentions of an
investigative journalist, or simply by accident or carelessness. 1706. In this
wider definition of Threat, the "enemy" is unwelcome publicity of any kind,
and through any medium. The most effective safeguard is to reinforce those
aspects of security that minimise the risk of leakage of sensitive
intelligence operations or product into the public domain - whether by
accidental exposure or deliberate intent. The STRAP System aims to achieve
"The security measures in this chapter are aimed primarily to cover contacts
made in CSSRAs and have been drawn up to protect the individual from action by
FISs, extremist groups, investigative journalists and criminals."
"An Annual Threat Assessment (ATA) is issued to all Government Departments
giving generic statements as to the main sources of Threat. This will include
personnel who may be from or influenced by Foreign Intelligence Services
(FIS), authorized users who, for whatever motive, may seek to gain access to
official information they have no 'need to know', subversive or terrorist
organizations, and investigative journalists."
"The threat from subversive or terrorist organisations, investigative
journalists and others must also be considered."
"Experience has shown that at least half the attempts to hack into systems
arise from this group and that external hackers use "social engineering"
techniques to trick authorised users into revealing information which may aid
an external penetration. 7. The Media. Investigative journalists are
increasingly interested in State IT systems, particularly those operated by
the police and the Security and Intelligence agencies. There has been evidence
of premeditated attempts to acquire protectively marked information from IT
systems. 8. Members of the Public. The fact that inform ation held
electronically may be open to novel forms of surreptitious attack provides a
special attraction to certain individuals, commonly known as 'hackers'. Whilst
the efforts of hackers are unlikely to be directed specifically against
protectively marked information, there is added kudos in breaking into Defence
systems, so much information might be discovered fortuitously. "
"..The threat from subversive and terrorist organizations, criminal activity,
investigative journalists, and members of the public cannot be discounted..."
"..Malicious software can originate from many sources such as disaffected
staff, foreign intelligence services, investigative journalists or
"..The main elements of the Audio security threat are: a. The threat from
deliberate attempts to overhear conversations posed by FIS (especially at
locations overseas), sophisticated terrorist and subversive organisations and
in particular from criminals, investigative journalists, private investigators
and some members of the public..."
"..Identify possible threats to your site, such as from: Foreign Intelligence
Services. Terrorist groups. Disaffected staff. Criminals. Investigative
"The protective marking of the definitions of the BIKINI Alert States is
RESTRICTED but the codewords BIKINI WHITE, BIKINI BLACK, BIKINI BLACK SPECIAL,
BIKINI AMBER and BIKINI RED are not protectively marked. These codewords may
be passed by telephone provided that they are not qualified in any way.
Notices displaying the current Alert States are to be sited so as to minimize
the likelihood of the general public seeing them. These codewords and their
meanings are understood by the civil police. The codewords and their
definitions are not to be communicated to the media or any other unauthorized
"Chinese Intelligence Aims
3. Chinese intelligence activity is widespread and has a voracious appetite
for all kinds of information; political, military,commercial, scientific and
technical. It is on this area that the Chinese place their highest priority
and where we assess that the greatest risk lies. 4. The Chinese have realised
that it is not productive to simply steal technology and then try to `reverse
engineer it'. Through intelligence activity they now attempt to acquire an
in-depth understanding of production te chniques and methodologies. There is
an obvious economic risk to the UK. Our hard earned processes at very little
cost and then reproduce them with cheap labour. 5. It is also, potentially,
more serious than the above. In certain key military areas China is at least a
generation behind the West. The Chinese may be able to acquire illegally the
technology that will enable them to catch up. The real danger is that they
will then produce advanced weapons systems which they will sell to unstable
regimes. They have a track record of doing so. The consequences for the
world's trouble spots and any UK involvement there could be disastrous.
Characteristics of Chinese Intelligence Activity
6. Chinese intelligence activity is very different to the portrayal of `Moscow
Rules' in the novels of John Le Carre. The Chinese make no distinction between
`information' and `intelligence'. Their appetite for information, particularly
in the scientific and technical field, is vast and indiscriminate. They do not
`run agents'  they `make friends'. Although there are Chinese
`intelligence officers', both civilian and military, these fade into
insignificance behind the mass of ordinary students, businessmen and locally
employed staff who are working (at least part-time) on the orders of various
parts of the S tate intelligence gathering apparatus.
7. The process of being cultivated as a `friend of China' (ie. an `agent') is
subtle and long-term. The Chinese are adept at exploiting a visitor's interest
in, and appreciation of, Chinese history and culture. They are expert
flatterers and are well aware of the `softening' effect of food and alcohol.
Under cover of consultation or lecturing, a visitor may be given favours,
advantageous economic conditions or commercial opportunities. In return they
will be expected to give information or access to material. Or, at the very
least, to speak out on China's behalf (becoming an `agent of influence').
Locally Engaged Staff
8. Most companies operating in China are obliged to employ a number of locally
engaged staff supplied by organisations such as the `Provincial Friendship
Labour Services Corporation'. It is probable that the Chinese civilian
intelligence service will have briefed such staff to copy all papers to which
they are able to gain access. Many Chinese students and some businessmen also
work to a brief from the Chinese intelligence services.
Technical Attacks
9. The Chinese intelligence services are known to employ telephone and
electronic `bugs' in hotels and restaurants. They have also been known to
search hotel rooms and to use surveillance techniques against visitors of
particular interest.
10. The Chinese intelligence services have been known to use blackmail to
persuade visitors to work for them. Sexual involvement should be avoided, as
should any activity which can possible be construed as illegal. This would
include dealing in black market currency or Chinese antiques and artefacts,
straying into `forbidden' areas or injudicious use of a camera or video
"TRAVEL BRIEF FOR VISITS TO RUSSIA AND THE FORMER SOVIET REPUBLICS
About this brief
1. The purpose of this brief is to provide security advice for travellers to
Russia and the rest of the former Soviet Union (FSU). It describes both the
risks involved in travelling to Russia and the other former Soviet Republics,
and the action to be taken should trouble arise. The information in the brief
is based on the actual experiences of recent travellers to the FSU.
Why should I read this brief?
2. As a visitor to Russia and the FSU you may attract the attention of the
local security and intelligence services. Although most travellers experience
little or no trouble, it would be unwise for you to assume you are immune to
this attention. As you will see from the examples given in this brief, all
visitors to Russia and the FSU are potentially of interest to foreign
intelligence services, irrespective of the purpose of the visit.
What are the RFIS after?
3. In view of the poor state of the Russian economy, the Russian Federation
Intelligence Services (RFIS) place a high priority on information to bolster
their economy, scientific and technical information, and on information to
help advance their pol itical influence. This extends to the theft of patents
and to seeking detailed information on Western scientific developments. They
also have an interest in political reporting, alongside their more traditional
targets such as Western Defence and Security, eg NATO. The SVR (foreign
intelligence service) and the GRU (military intelligence) try to recruit
British subjects to work for them in the United Kingdom and elsewhere, often
initially in minor support roles. They are always on the watch for any British
subject who may be induced, either wittingly or unwittingly, to cooperate.
They do not necessarily concentrate on those who already have access to
information of value to them.
The approach to Overseas Visitors
4. From the moment a visitor enters the country, he or she may be reported on
by a wide variety of people, including officials, business contacts, tourist
guides, hotel employees and apparent casual contacts. People who speak the
visitor's own language may be introduced in such a way as to make him think
that it was the visitor who took the initiative, or that their meeting was
entirely fortuitous. We know it sounds like a spy movie, but as well as having
wide networks of agents and informers, the FSB (Russian security service)
makes extensive use of sophisticated technical devices. In the main hotels all
telephones c an be tapped and in some rooms visual or photographic
surveillance can be carried out, if necessary using infrared cameras to take
photographs in the dark. If is perfectly possible for the FSB to ensure that
the visitor is placed in such a room. There is also a wide range of technical
devices, which can be used outside and even in places such as restaurants and
cars. These technical devices pick up indiscreet talk which could be of use to
the FSB.
Methods of Compromise
5. Careful behaviour should be sufficient to avoid difficulties with the FSB,
but visitors should bear in mind that they can get into trouble in many ways.
Unofficial financial transactions, such as obtaining local currency at
favourable rates or sel ling personal possessions to acquaintances, are all in
contravention of local laws. A Russian friend or acquaintance may ask a
visitor to deliver a letter or a present to some relative living in the West,
but this is again in breach of local regulations. Taking works of art out of
Russia is a serious offence, while drink-driving regulations are rigorous.
There are strict r ules about taking photographs in Russia and it is advisable
to find out in advance where cameras may be used. 6. Irregularity in personal
behaviour may also lead to trouble. The FSB may attempt to capitalise on
sexual liaisons between visitors and lo cal nationals. In addition, the FSB
may attempt to compromise and subsequently blackmail through knowledge of
marital infidelity or sexual activity the target may wish to hide.
Risk of Arrest
7. A visitor who commits any offence against local laws runs the risk of being
arrested and threatened with the withdrawal of business facilities,
imprisonment or exposure unless he or she agrees to work for the FSB. Attempts
may be made to induce the victim to sign a confession or to agree to
cooperate. Alternatively, the evidence may be stored away for use at a later
date, perhaps when their circumstances have changed (for example, after the
visitor has married, or entered a different field of employment).
8. Visitors may face any of these hazards whenever they visit Russia but the
FSB is especially active during Trade Fairs. At these times particular care
should be taken.
SVR and GRU Approaches Worldwide
9. As a general point, it should be borne in mind that both the SVR and GRU
are known to have approached British nationals, in particular businessmen, in
many parts of the world. The threat is especially high in some Third World
countries where the R FIS believe they have little to fear from the local
security services. People who have been regular visitors to Russia are more
likely to come to notice since the FSB will hold some record of their personal
details, which can be passed onto the SVR a nd the GRU. An indiscretion or
irregularity committed in Russia, even if apparently unnoticed at the time,
may be exploited by RFIS officers elsewhere. In addition, RFIS officers may
make approaches using the cover of another nationality, for example Eastern
European or Scandinavian, to disguise their true allegiance.
Advice about visits to Other Former Soviet Republics
10. Visitors to the other former Soviet Republics should heed the advice given
to visitors to Russia. Although these republics now have their own independent
security services, many of them continue to cooperate closely with the RFIS.
The RFIS are so comfortable operating in some former Soviet Republics that
they regard them as virtually home territory. The advice about co mpromising
offences and risk of arrest also applies. It should be noted that many of
these republics are not used to Western visitors and may pay particular
attention to them."
For more information, see: release the
investigations, source-protection and censorship consultations
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820  8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE

@_date: 2012-07-18 12:46:59
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] Use the New WikiLeaks Donation Gateway to Donate with 
Dear WikiLeaks Friend,
We urge all our supporters around the world to use their Visa and MasterCard to
donate to WikiLeaks today with a new system, whilst they still can -
In a statement at 11am BST today, Wednesday 18th July, WikiLeaks announced the
opening of a new payment gateway that allows the public to donate to WikiLeaks
with their Visa and MasterCards, depsite the banking blockade. The banking
blockade by US financial institutions that has been running for almost two
years has meant that WikiLeaks has lost 95% of its donations and have been
forced to run off reserve funds. These reserve funds will run out in a few
months. However, today, WikiLeaks has found a way around this blockade with a new
payment system of FDNN using Carte Bleue. The French credit card system, Carte
Bleue, is coupled with the VISA/MasterCard system globally. VISA and MasterCard
are contractually barred from directly cutting off merchants through the Carte
Bleue system. The French non-profit FDNN (Fund for the Defense of Net
Neutrality- Fonds de DC)fense de la Net NeutralitC)) has set up a Carte Bleue
fund for WikiLeaks.
Julian Assange, WikiLeaksb founder said: "We beat them in Iceland and, by
God, webll beat them in France as well. Let them shut it down. Let them
demonstrate to the world once again their corrupt pandering to Washington.
Webre waiting. Our lawyers are waiting. The whole world is waiting. Do it."
Full Press Release:
Press Release: WikiLeaks opens path through banking siege. Donations open.
Wednesday July 18, 11:00
After almost two years of fighting an unlawful banking blockade by US financial
giants VISA and MasterCard, WikiLeaks has announced it is back open for
After WikiLeaksb publications revealing US war crimes and statecraft in 2010,
US financial institutions erected a banking blockade against WikiLeaks wholly
outside of any judicial or administrative process. The blockade came during a
time of substantial economic growth for WikiLeaks but blocked more than 95% of
donations, costing the organization in excess of USD 20 million.
The Wau Holland Transparency Reports for WikiLeaksb finances, released today,
illustrate the financial consequences of 18 consecutive months of economic
censorship. For the year 2011, the blockade resulted in WikiLeaksb income
falling to just 21% of its operating costs.
WikiLeaks has been forced to run on its cash reserves at the Wau Holland
Foundation, which have diminished from EUR 800,000 at the end of December 2010,
to less than EUR 100,000 at the end of June 2012. As the graph shows,
WikiLeaksb reserve funds will expire at the current austere rate of
expenditure within a few months. In order to effectively continue its mission,
WikiLeaks must raise a minimum of EUR 1 million immediately.
Against this background, WikiLeaks is launching a new payment gateway, designed
to work around the blockade.
The French credit card system, Carte Bleue, is coupled with the VISA/MasterCard
system globally. VISA and MasterCard are contractually barred from directly
cutting off merchants through the Carte Bleue system. The French non-profit
FDNN (Fund for the Defense of Net Neutrality- Fonds de DC)fense de la Net
NeutralitC)) has set up a Carte Bleue fund for WikiLeaks.
WikiLeaks advises all global supporters to make use of this avenue immediately
before VISA/MasterCard attempts to shut it down.
However, WikiLeaks and FDNN are ready for the fight. Julian Assange,
WikiLeaksb founder said: "We beat them in Iceland and, by God, webll beat
them in France as well. Let them shut it down. Let them demonstrate to the
world once again their corrupt pandering to Washington. Webre waiting. Our
lawyers are waiting. The whole world is waiting. Do it."
WikiLeaks is pursuing several actions against the blockade.
Last week, WikiLeaks won a landmark lawsuit against VISA Iceland (Valitor). In
July 2011 WikiLeaks opened a path through the blockade, when VISA-Valitor
agreed to process payments to WikiLeaks through the Icelandic payment gateway,
Datacell. Soon afterwards, VISA-Valitor blocked donations and ended its
relationship with Datacell, in violation of its contractual obligations.
Delivering its judgment last week, the Icelandic court in Reykjavik ruled that
the donation gateway should be reopened by 26 July 2012, otherwise VISA-Valitor
will be penalized with a fine of ISK 800,000 daily.
A European Commission preliminary investigation into the blockade was started
in July 2011. A Commission decision on whether to pursue the financial services
companies involved in the blockade is expected before the end of August.
The UN Special Rapporteur on the Promotion and Protection of the Right to
Freedom of Opinion and Expression Frank William La Rue, the European
Parliament, the New York Times Editorial, and many rights groups have condemned
the blockade.
Australian Greens Senator Scott Ludlam last week called on the Australian
government to take domestic actions against the banking blockade.
FDNN-WikiLeaks Payment Gateway (Donate here):
Wau Holland Monthly Balance Sheet for the years 2010, 2011 and 2012:
Wau Holland Transparency Report for 2011:
Auf Deutsch: Wau Holland Transparency Report for 2012:
Auf Deutsch: For more information on the WikiLeaks banking blockade, please see:
For WikiLeaks press contacts, please see: You can download the video above in the following formats: WEBM, MP4, OGG, FLV
(requires torrent client)

@_date: 2012-06-04 16:57:57
@_author: Wikileaks Press Office 
@_subject: [WIKILEAKS] Friends of WikiLeaks 
You have been invited to join Friends of WikiLeaks We, Friends of Wikileaks, support WikiLeaks, its people, its principles and its
We are committed to these broad ideals:
1. The right to communicate, including the right to speak, and the right to
listen, the freedom of thought, the right to communicate privately, and the
right to communicate anonymously.
2. The inviolability of history.
3. Privacy for the weak.
4. Transparency for the powerful.
5. The pursuit of truth, as the primary prerequisite for a more just
Friends of WikiLeaks aim to do the following:
1. To defend WikiLeaks against attacks by,
- becoming informed and informing each other,
- promoting public awareness in the wider population,
- counteracting misinformation, online and offline,
- helping to raise funds,
- addressing new and unforeseeable threats to WikiLeaks' continued functioning.
2. To vindicate the sources of WikiLeaks, whoever they may be, by,
- defending through speech the good name of anyone alleged to have risked life and comfort to inform the public,
- keeping WikiLeaks strong so that it is able to defend its sources,
- ensuring through advocacy that the information they sought to bring to the
world does not fall on deaf ears.
3. To defend the alleged sources of WikiLeaks, by,
- organizing legal defense funding and support groups for them,
- defending the motives of whistleblowers,
- exercising care not to prejudice their rights by assuming legal culpability
for the actions they are accused of.
4. To aid organizations and individuals who share the principles and goals of
How is FoWL different?
FoWL gives you new friends to instantly build a mass global movement. Unlike
traditional social networks, FoWL is hardened against surveillance and attack.
The primary spaces for online activism are watched by private and state
intelligence agencies. FoWL is built to counter this.
By design your details are encrypted, and hidden from everyone except your
immediate contacts. Even we can't access them.
Connected by FoWL, friends of WikiLeaks will communicate how ever they like,
including using secure person-to-person methods. As the network grows away from
the site infrastructure, it becomes autonomous and decentralized, opaque to
observers and impossible to compromise.
Why FoWL?
Our attackers are wealthy and powerful organizations and governments. Their
attacks - legal, financial and reputational - are sophisticated, and well
resourced. For example:
In late 2010, an informal consortium of banking institutions including VISA,
Mastercard, Bank of America, Paypal and Western Union, moved to illegally
blockade donations sent to WikiLeaks from its supporters. This blockade is
ongoing. [More... In 2011, a private security firm, HBGary Federal, contracted with US government
agencies to marginalize WikiLeaks by spying on supporters and attacking the
reputation of supportive journalists, such as Glenn Greenwald.
