
@_date: 2005-10-26 07:00:22
@_author: EFF Press 
@_subject: [E-B] EFF: Court Issues Surveillance Smack-Down to Justice 
Reply-To: press at eff.org
Electronic Frontier Foundation Media Release
For Immediate Release: Wednesday, October 26, 2005
Kevin Bankston
   Staff Attorney
   Electronic Frontier Foundation
   bankston at eff.org
   +1 415 436-9333 x126
Kurt Opsahl
   Staff Attorney
   Electronic Frontier Foundation
   kurt at eff.org
   +1 415 436 9333 x106
Court Issues Surveillance Smack-Down to Justice Department
No Cell Phone Location Tracking Without Probable Cause
New York - Agreeing with a brief submitted by EFF, a
federal judge forcefully rejected the government's request
to track the location of a mobile phone user without a
Strongly reaffirming an earlier decision, Federal
Magistrate James Orenstein in New York comprehensively
smacked down every argument made by the government in an
extensive, fifty-seven page opinion issued this week.
Judge Orenstein decided, as EFF has urged, that tracking
cell phone users in real time required a showing of
probable cause that a crime was being committed.    Judge
Orenstein's opinion was decisive, and referred to
government arguments variously as "unsupported,"
"misleading," "contrived," and a "Hail Mary."
"This is a true victory for privacy in the digital age,
where nearly any mobile communications device you use might
be converted into a tracking device," said EFF Staff
Attorney Kevin Bankston. "Combined with a similar decision
this month from a federal court in Texas, I think we're
seeing a trend--judges are starting to realize that when it
comes to surveillance issues, the DOJ has been pulling the
wool over their eyes for far too long."
Earlier this month, a magistrate judge in Texas, following
the lead of Orenstein's original decision, published his
own decision denying a government application for a cell
phone tracking order.  That ruling, along with Judge
Orenstein's two decisions, revealed that the DOJ has
routinely been securing court orders for real-time cell
phone tracking without probable cause and without any law
authorizing the surveillance.
"The Justice Department's abuse of the law here is probably
just the tip of the iceberg," said EFF Staff Attorney Kurt
Opsahl.  "The routine transformation of your mobile phone
into a tracking device, without any legal authority, raises
an obvious and very troubling question:  what other new
surveillance powers has the government been creating out of
whole cloth and how long have they been getting away with
The government is expected to appeal both decisions and EFF
intends to participate as a friend of the court in each
You can read the full text of Judge Orenstein's new
opinion, and the similar Texas opinion, at
For this release:
About EFF
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is the leading civil
liberties organization working to protect rights in the
digital world. Founded in 1990, EFF actively encourages and
challenges industry and government to support free
expression and privacy online. EFF is a member-supported
organization and maintains one of the most linked-to
websites in the world at      -end-
presslist mailing list
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-06-12 01:29:33
@_author: EFF Press 
@_subject: [E-B] EFF: Secret Surveillance Evidence Unsealed in AT&T   
Spying Case
Reply-To: press at eff.org
Electronic Frontier Foundation Media Release
For Immediate Release: Tuesday, June 12, 2007
Cindy Cohn
   Legal Director
   Electronic Frontier Foundation
   cindy at eff.org
   +1 415 436-9333 x108 (office), +1 415 307-2148 (cell)
Kurt Opsahl
   Senior Staff Attorney
   Electronic Frontier Foundation
   kurt at eff.org
   +1 415 436-9333 x106
Secret Surveillance Evidence Unsealed in AT&T Spying Case
Whistleblower Declaration and Other Key Documents Released
to Public
San Francisco - More documents detailing secret government
surveillance of AT&T's Internet traffic have been released
to the public as part of the Electronic Frontier
Foundation's (EFF's) class-action lawsuit against the
telecom giant.
Some of the unsealed information was previously made public
in redacted form.  But after negotiations with AT&T, EFF
filed newly unredacted documents describing a secret,
secure room in AT&T's facilities that gave the National
Security Agency (NSA) direct access to customers' emails
and other Internet communications.  These include several
internal AT&T documents that have long been available on
media websites, EFF's legal arguments to the 9th Circuit,
and the full declarations of whistleblower Mark Klein and
of J. Scott Marcus, the former Senior Advisor for Internet
Technology to the Federal Communications Commission, who
bolsters and explains EFF's evidence.
"This is critical evidence supporting our claim that AT&T
is cooperating with the NSA in the illegal dragnet
surveillance of millions of ordinary Americans," said EFF
Legal Director Cindy Cohn.  "This surveillance is under
debate in Congress and across the nation, as well as in the
courts.  The public has a right to see these important
documents, the declarations from our witnesses, and our
legal arguments, and we are very pleased to release them."
EFF filed the class-action suit against AT&T last year,
accusing the telecom giant of illegally assisting in the
NSA's spying on millions of ordinary Americans.  The lower
court allowed the case to proceed and the government has
now asked the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to dismiss
the case, claiming that the lawsuit could expose state
secrets.  EFF's newly released brief in response outlines
how the case should go forward respecting both liberty and
"The District Court rejected the government's attempt to
sweep this case under the rug," said EFF Senior Staff
Attorney Kurt Opsahl.  "This country has a long tradition
of open court proceedings, and we're pleased that as we
present our case to the Court of Appeals, the millions of
affected AT&T customers will be able to see our arguments
and evidence and judge for themselves."
Oral arguments in the 9th Circuit appeal are set for the
week of August 13.
For the unredacted Klein declaration:
For the internal documents:
For the unredacted Marcus declaration:
For EFF's 9th Circuit brief:
For more on the class-action lawsuit against AT&T:
For this release:
About EFF
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is the leading civil
liberties organization working to protect rights in the
digital world. Founded in 1990, EFF actively encourages and
challenges industry and government to support free
expression and privacy online. EFF is a member-supported
organization and maintains one of the most linked-to
websites in the world at      -end-
presslist mailing list
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
