
@_date: 1994-04-03 00:09:53
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Positive uses for PGP 
To all PGP users:
We've all heard arguments raised by the law enforcement and
intelligence communities that PGP and other encryption technology can
be used by criminals to hide their activities.  This line of
reasoning is being used to justify Government key escrow systems like
Clipper, and to clamp down on encryption technology like PGP.  It
would be helpful to come up with real-world examples of how PGP has
been used for good constructive purposes.  Journalists sometimes ask
me for examples of positive uses for PGP.  But most of my fan mail
from PGP users do not tell me what they are using it for.
If you have any stories about how PGP is used for good purposes, I'd
like to see them.  Not just disaffected paranoid libertarians
embracing it for the theoretical benefits for a free society.  We
need to be able to cite examples of real people using PGP for good
ends.  Human rights activists using it are a great example.  But it
doesn't have to be in the Nobel-Prize winning catagory of human
endeavor (although that would be nice).  It could just be any
positive upbeat application that normal people can relate to in a
positive way, so I can tell reporters about it.  I'd like to hear
(actually, see some email) from real people who are actually using
PGP for good things.  It could be for helping others, like protecting HIV patient records,
or keeping psychological counseling records.  Or conducting good
wholesome business that must remain confidential.  Or lawyers using
it to maintain confidential records and communications with their
clients.  Or, it could be for your own personal life, but for
wholesome upbeat uses, like sending love letters (you don't have to
supply any actual love letters), or keeping your diary.
For those that don't know what PGP is:  Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) is
a free software program that encrypts email using public key
cryptography, allowing you to communicate securely with people you've
never met, without the prior exchange of keys over secure channels. PGP has become the worldwide de facto standard for email encryption.
It's available on many Internet FTP sites and BBS systems.
Please send me some email (to prz at acm.org), with the subject line
"Positive uses for PGP", so that I can quickly sort it out from the
rest of my email.  If it's a really good story, I may want to use it,
so let me know if I can and if I can give reporters the information. You might not get a reply-- it depends on how much mail I get or how
busy I am when you send it.  There is no prize for the best story, but for what it's worth, I'll
sign the public key of the person who submits the best story by
Monday, April 11th.  But keep sending stories after that date if
you've got them.
This notice can be copied and reposted on any newsgroup or mailing
list that is likely to be familiar with PGP.
Philip Zimmermann
prz at acm.org

@_date: 1994-08-17 14:55:40
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Zimmermann debate with NSA on 8/25 
There will be a debate between Philip Zimmermann and Clinton Brooks of
the National Security Agency, on Thursday, 25 August, at 5:45pm Pacific
Time, in Thousand Oaks, California.  The debate is organized by the World Affairs Council, and will be held
at the Thousand Oaks Inn, at 75 Thousand Oaks Blvd.  To get there, take
Highway 101 north from LA to the Moorpark exit, turn right onto
Moorpark, left at first light, one block down on right side.
The debate will be on the issues of crime, terrorism, privacy and
civil liberties on the information superhighway, and the role of
cryptography in these issues.
Philip Zimmermann is the creator of Pretty Good Privacy (PGP), the most
widely used software in the world for E-mail encryption.  Zimmermann is
under criminal investigation for publishing free encryption software,
resulting in its widespread use around the world, allegedly in
violation of US export restrictions on encryption software.
Clinton Brooks is assistant to the director of the NSA, and was
instrumental in the creation of the controversial Clipper Chip and the
Escrowed Encryption Standard.
There will be cocktails and a light buffet at 5:45, and the program will start at 6:30.  Admission is $15 if you preregister, or $25 at the door.  Preregistration can be done by mailing a check, or by
credit card via phone or fax, to:
 World Affairs Council
 1051 Calle Yucca
 Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
 or call 805 498-6312
 or fax  805 532-1306    (include credit card number, expiration date, and event)
This announcement may be widely distributed.

@_date: 1994-08-17 23:44:10
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Zimmermann on PGP 2.6 myths 
Re:   Misconceptions about PGP 2.6 from MIT
I'd like to clear up some widely held misconceptions about PGP
version 2.6 from MIT.  I get a lot of email and phone calls from
people who report a lot of misinformation on many Internet newsgroups
about this MIT version of PGP.
(For those of you who need an introduction to Pretty Good Privacy
(PGP), it is a free software package that encrypts email.  PGP is the
worldwide defacto standard for email encryption.  It's available via
FTP from net-dist.mit.edu, in the pub/PGP directory.  But then, if
you haven't heard of PGP, you don't need to read this letter.)
Here is a list of misconceptions:
Myth   PGP 2.6 is incompatible with previous versions.
Myth   PGP 2.6 is weaker than previous versions, with a back door.
Myth   PGP 2.6 was released without Zimmermann's cooperation.
All of these misconceptions would be cleared up if you read the PGP
User's Guide that comes with PGP 2.6, but a lot of people seem to be
spreading and believing these myths without looking into the matter
empirically and getting the new PGP and reading the manual.  Let's go
over these myths in detail.

@_date: 1994-08-23 15:07:50
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Zimmermann/NSA debate postponed 
The debate between Philip Zimmermann and Clinton Brooks from NSA
has been postponed.  The debate organizers, the World Affairs Council
decided today (Tuesday) that there were not enough attendees preregistered to proceed with the debate at this time.  The debate had been scheduled
for Thursday, 25 August, in Thousand Oaks, California.
A major conference organized by the World Affairs Council, scheduled
for 27 October, will have the debate included in the conference.
When those plans firm up, there will be detailed announcements
with more lead time.
I'm sorry if this change in plans inconveniences anyone who planned to attend the debate, but I had nothing to do with their decision.
--Philip Zimmermann

@_date: 1994-12-12 14:33:23
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Herbert S. Zim dies 
Herbert S. Zim, author of over 100 children's books, including "Codes
and Secret Writing", died at age 85 on December 5th in Plantation Key,
Florida, where he has lived for many years.  He had Alzheimer's
I mention his passing because he wrote the first book I ever read on
cryptography, which I read in 4th grade in 1964.  If it weren't for
Zim, I might not have created PGP.
-Philip Zimmermann

@_date: 1994-12-18 18:47:18
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Name that phone 
I'm trying to come up with a name for the secure phone software I'm
planning on releasing.  The software would turn any multimedia PC
into a secure phone.
I'm open to suggestions for the name.  Some names that have been
 1) Voice PGP
 2) Pretty Good Secure Phone  (PGSP)
 3) PGP Phone
I like 2 or 3.  Does anyone want to suggest other names, or vote for
which of these is better?  Send your replies to prz at acm.org, with the
subject line of "Name that phone".  The winner will get a free copy.
But then, so will a lot of other people.

@_date: 1994-12-30 00:06:43
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: January meeting with Zimmermann's prosecutor 
The following is a message from my lawyer, Phil Dubois.  He posted it
to alt.security.pgp, and I thought I should post it here as well.  The
message is signed with his key.
 --Philip Zimmermann
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Phil Zimmermann and his defense team are heartened by the substantial
outpouring of support that has been demonstrated through numerous postings
in this and other news groups.  As we approach a crucial meeting with the
prosecutor, it is particularly encouraging to see that many others are willing to devote themselves, both financially and through volunteered time,
to Phil's defense.
A number of postings have suggested a variety of support activities ranging
from petitions to the President to gatherings in San Jose.  Phil's lawyers
are concerned that some of these activities would not assist in our efforts
to protect his legal interests and could in fact hurt.
The upcoming meeting with the prosecutor is not a court hearing, but is a
private meeting of counsel.  Neither Phil nor any judicial official will be
present.  It will not be a trial or hearing, but a discussion with the Assistant United States Attorney who is handling Phil's case.  As such,
it is not an appropriate setting for any public demonstrations of support
for Phil or for unrestricted dissemination of cryptography.  What Phil needs
at that meeting is a quiet environment in which serious legal issues can be
discussed candidly in an effort to avoid the necessity for any trial.
Given the purposes and importance of the meeting, we -- and most especially
Phil ZImmermann -- ask that any of his supporters not come to San Jose for
any form of public demonstration.  We encourage you instead to continue to
support Phil's defense by financial contributions.  Communications of support to government officials in Washington, DC are also appropriate and
helpful. To the extent that effective representation of Phil's interest permits us
to communicate with his supporters, we will periodically post announcements
to this and other appropriate news groups.
Philip L. Dubois

@_date: 1994-07-13 17:36:38
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: PGP bastardization 
Tom, I hear that you are distributing a modified version of PGP that uses a different customized encryption algorithm of your own design.
If you read the "Snake Oil" section of the PGP User's Guide, then you
know how I feel about amateur cryptographer's encryption algorithms
that have not been subjected to extensive peer review.
PGP's reputation, and my repuitation (which is tied to PGP), depends
of people trusting the quality of encryption algorithms and protocols
that I have carefully selected for PGP, using all of my knowledge and
experience.  If someone were to put a new encryption algorithm into
PGP without my permission, it could serve to tarnish the reputation
that PGP has earned over the years.
Accordingly, I do not approve of anyone modifying the cryptographic
characteristics of PGP.  PGP and Pretty Good Privacy are my trademarks,
and their good name is trusted the world over because of the care that I have exercised in selecting its algorithms.
If you'd like to write your own cryptographic utility, using your own
algorithms and protocols, I have no problem with that.  But I do not want my program, my documentation, my name, and my trademarks, to be
used for products that may have flawed algorithms.
I also have no problem with you modifying PGP for your own private
use, if you like to experiment with new algorithms of your own design.
But I do not want you to distribute such a program to others, if it uses
my code, my manuals, my name, and my trademarks.  It could hurt my
reputation and PGP's reputation.
If I am misinformed on this subject, please let me know and accept
my apology for assuming too much.  Otherwise, I'd like you to remedy
the situation.  Please let me know what has happened and what we can
do about it.
Philip Zimmermann
prz at acm.org
     Landels, Ripley, and Diamond

@_date: 1994-05-12 23:17:23
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: PGP 2.5 
David Sternlight, here are the answers to most of your questions.
Yes.  Jim Bruce, a vice president above Jeff Schiller approved it.  Another
high level official (another VP) also knew, and I'm under the impression that he was in favor of it, too.  The decision was a formal decision
by MIT The Institution.  Absolutely NOT a low-level person acting on his
own.  I hope I'm making this point clear enough.
Of course.  With absolutely full knowledge.  And extensive review.
And careful analysis.  And with a formal written legal opinion to MIT.
Perhaps you have a different opinion of what "published" means.  It is
the opinion of MIT and their lawyers that the entry points that PGP
uses are published entry points.  They were not declared public in
previous versions of RSAREF, they were declared static.  But now they
are declared public in the new RSAREF, even to the point of being included
in a header file as public entry points.  MIT advised their lawyers
of the exact nature of this, and the MIT administration was fully informed,
and this issue was discussed to death amongst all responsible parties at
MIT before a formal decision was made.
Has Bidzos publicly asserted that PGP 2.5 is infringing?  If not, then
it would not be safe to assume that it is.  Silence can be interpreted in
a variety of ways.  Or not interpreted at all.
MIT carries a great deal of moral authority by officially releasing PGP 2.5.
I hope this will help defuse your efforts to stamp out PGP.
-Philip Zimmermann
 prz at acm.org

@_date: 1994-05-28 22:36:07
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Zimmermann statement on PGP 2.6 
The following message may be reposted to all interested newsgroups.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
On 24 May 1994, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology released
PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) version 2.6.  PGP is a software package
that encrypts electronic mail, using public key cryptography.  Over
the past three years, PGP has become the worldwide de facto standard
for email encryption.  PGP 2.6 is being published under the terms of
the RSAREF license from RSA Data Security, Inc (RSADSI).  This is a
significant milestone in PGP's legal development.
Export of this software from the US or Canada may be restricted by
the US Government.  PGP version 2.6 is being released through a
posting on a controlled FTP site maintained by MIT.  This site has
restrictions and limitations which have been used on other FTP sites
to comply with export control requirements with respect to other
encryption software such as Kerberos and software from RSA Data
Security, Inc.  These special mechanisms are intended to preclude
export of cryptographic software from the US.  The MIT FTP site that
carries PGP is net-dist.mit.edu, in the pub/PGP directory.
This new freeware version of PGP is for noncommercial use.  For
commercial use, you may get ViaCrypt PGP, available on a variety of
platforms.  ViaCrypt may be contacted at 602-944-0773, or via email
at viacrypt at acm.org.
PGP 2.6 is as strong as earlier versions.  It contains no back doors.
It can read messages, signatures, and keys from PGP versions 2.5,
2.4, 2.3a, and 2.3.  Beginning in September, a built-in software
timer will trigger PGP 2.6 to begin producing messages, signatures,
and keys that cannot be read by earlier versions of PGP.  It will
still retain its ability to read things from earlier versions after
that date, so that users who upgrade to 2.6 will not be
inconvenienced, particularly if everyone else upgrades by that time. The reason for the change in format is to grant RSADSI's request to
MIT to encourage all users to stop using older versions.  ViaCrypt's
new products will support the new formats used by PGP 2.6.  Details
of the compatibility issues and their reasons are outlined in the PGP
User's Guide, included in the release package.  See also the official
statements released by MIT for further details.
Version 2.6 also has some bug fixes and improvements of the version
2.5 released by MIT on 9 May 1994.  Both the 2.5 and 2.6 versions
were produced in a joint project between myself and MIT.  Both
versions were released by MIT after extensive review by MIT's
administration and their legal counsel.  I am told by MIT that MIT's
legal counsel believes that both versions 2.5 and 2.6 do not infringe
the RSA patents in any way, and they both comply with the terms of
the RSAREF licenses that each were released under.  But regardless of
the noninfringing nature of version 2.5, I urge all PGP users in the
US to upgrade to version 2.6, to help move toward eradication of
earlier, pre-RSAREF versions of PGP.  This will improve the overall
political and legal landscape surrounding PGP.  MIT will publish
details on the simple format change so that earlier European versions
of PGP may be independently upgraded by the Europeans.
This note does not attempt to answer all the questions you may have
about the implications of this new release of PGP.  For further
details, see the information released by MIT, or see the PGP User's
Guide in the new release package.

@_date: 1994-11-19 11:22:16
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: UPS sorters love PGP 
I was just sorting through my backlog of paper mail after returning from
a 3-week trip.  I found an envelope sent to me via United Parcel Service
from George Washington University.  Addressed to Philip Zimmermann,
Boulder Software Engineering, at my address.
On the back of the outside of the envelope was a scrawled note,
"UPS sorters love PGP".

@_date: 1994-11-27 00:00:50
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Zimmermann interrogated without counsel 
The following is a letter from Ken Bass, who is one of the lawyers on
my legal defense team, to US Customs.  It is mostly self-explanatory.
It concerns the PGP investigation.
For those of you unfamiliar with the PGP case, PGP is an email
encryption program that is widely used around the world, and was
published domestically in the USA as freeware in 1991.  As the creator
of PGP, I am under investigation by US Customs.  They tell my lawyers
that they suspect that I violated laws that prohibit the export of
encryption software from the USA.
If anyone wants to ask questions about this case, contact my lead
defense attorney, Phil Dubois, at 303 444-3885, or dubois at csn.org.
-Philip Zimmermann
 prz at acm.org
                                Kenneth C. Bass, III
                                (202) 962-4890
                                kbass at venable.com
                                Venable, Baetjer, Howard & Civiletti
                                1201 New York Avenue, NW, Suite 1000
                                Washington, DC 20005-3917
                                (202) 962-4800, Fax (202) 962-8300
                                November 23, 1994
Mr. Homer Williams
Acting Assistant Commissioner
Office of Internal Affairs
United States Customs Service
1301 Constitution Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20229
Dear Mr. Williams:
I write on behalf of our client, Philip R. Zimmermann, of Boulder,
Colorado, to register a strong objection to the treatment given Mr.
Zimmermann at Dulles International Airport on November 9, 1994, when he
returned from a trip to Europe.
Mr. Zimmermann was invited to Europe to speak on issues of public
policy.  When Mr. Zimmermann returned to the United States, he was
diverted from the normal Customs processing, subjected to an
individualized luggage search, and then interviewed extensively by
Customs Special Agent Michael Winters.  The questions posed to Mr.
Zimmermann make it very clear that this encounter was not a routine,
random interview, but was a pre-planned encounter.  The interview was
not restricted to matters relating to Mr. Zimmermann's re-entry into
the United States and any proper subjects of inquiry regarding the
personal effects he was bringing back with him, but ranged extensively
over Mr. Zimmermann's European itinerary and public-speaking
activities, as well as prior overseas trips he had taken.  Of
particular concern to us is the fact that Agent Winters questioned Mr.
Zimmermann about possible exportation of PGP, a cryptography program
developed by Mr. Zimmermann.
This interview was conducted in the absence of Mr. Zimmermann's
counsel, despite the fact that Agent Winters was very much aware of a
pending criminal investigation involving Mr. Zimmermann who was advised
in 1993 by an Assistant United States Attorney in the San Jose,
California office that he was a target of a grand jury investigation
concerning possible violations of the Arms Export Control Act related
to PGP.  Agent Winters made specific reference to this investigation in
the course of his interrogation.
This encounter is deeply troubling for two reasons.  First, having such
an interview in the absence of counsel when Customs is fully aware of
the pending criminal investigation and the fact that Mr. Zimmermann is
represented by counsel raises fundamental concerns about Government
insensitivity to the constitutional rights of citizens, particularly
citizens who are a target of an ongoing criminal investigation.  The
second major concern is the fact that Agent Winters told Mr. Zimmermann
that he should expect to be subjected to the same search and
interrogation upon every re-entry into the United States, at least
until the criminal investigation is concluded.  It is difficult enough
for any individual to be the target of an open-ended criminal
investigation that seems to have no clear direction, goal or
foreseeable conclusion.  It is quite another thing to be subjected to
official interrogation, in the absence of counsel, about these
On behalf of Mr. Zimmermann, we ask that you make appropriate inquiries
to determine who authorized this interrogation and why it was continued
after Mr. Zimmermann expressed objection to being interrogated in the
absence of counsel.  With respect to Mr. Zimmermann's future re-entry
into the United States, we would expect the Customs Service to strictly
limit its contact with him to the conduct of such interviews,
declarations and inspections as may be appropriate under 19 CFR Part
148 to determine whether he is subject to payment of any import duties
upon his re-entry.  As an American citizen he has a constitutional
right to return to the United States and it is most improper to use
such occasions as an excuse for conducting interviews that would not
otherwise be undertaken in the absence of counsel or appropriate
judicial process.
I am sending copies of this letter to Agent Winters, the Assistant
United States Attorney in charge of the criminal investigation, and Mr.
Philip Dubois, Mr. Zimmermann's lead counsel in the investigation.  If
you require any additional information in order to respond to this
request, please contact me directly.  We would hope to resolve this
matter quickly.

@_date: 1994-10-06 02:35:12
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Key Forfeiture, not Key Escrow 
The Government seems to choose its terminology carefully in cases where
that terminology can affect the politics of a situation.  I suggest
that we start referring to key escrow as "key forfeiture".
Philip Zimmermann

@_date: 1994-09-02 12:37:15
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: PGP 2.6.1 release from MIT 
Re:  PGP 2.6.1 release
MIT will be releasing Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) version 2.6.1 real soon
now.  By tomorrow, I think.  The MSDOS release filename will be
pgp261.zip, and the source code will be in pgp261s.zip.  The MIT FTP
site is net-dist at mit.edu, in the pub/PGP directory.
Be sure to adhere to US export restrictions when you redistribute PGP
after getting it from MIT.
Since Compuserve has an unfortunate restriction of 6-character
filenames, I don't know how they will handle the name collision of the
source archive filename.  I suggest that anyone who uploads the sources
to Compuserve rename the file pg261s.zip.  Just for Compuserve only.
This new version has a lot of bug fixes over version 2.6.  I hope this is
the final release of this family of PGP source code.  We've been working
on an entirely new version of PGP, rewritten from scratch, which is much
cleaner and faster, and better suited for the future enhancements we have planned.  All PGP development efforts will be redirected toward this
new code base, after this 2.6.1 release.
There are some important changes to the 2.6.1 manual, especially in the
Legal Issues section.  Please read the "Freeware Status and
Restrictions" section.  Especially those of you who want to make
changes to PGP.
I hope all PGP users are switching to the official MIT releases, now
that the new data formats have become effective on 1 Sept.  PGP 2.6, as
well as this new 2.6.1, will always be able to read messages,
signatures and keys produced by the older versions.  See the manual for
details.  PGP has many really cool new features planned in its future,
and these new features will require more new data formats to support
them.  Stay compatible by keeping up to date with the official PGP
releases from MIT.
This message may be reposted to all interested newsgroups.

@_date: 1994-09-07 08:11:56
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: prz in NYC on Saurday, Sunday 
Hello PGP users.  I'm going to be in NYC on Saturday and Sunday.
If anyone in New York wants to get together and conspire to subvert
our way of life, send me some email and I'll pick it up on the road.
I have become too used to never buying my own lunch when traveling
to places where cypherpunkers live.  I'll be arriving late Saturday morning and leaving Sunday evening.  Saturday night is booked.
On Friday I can be reached at 617 253-0161.
Philip Zimmermann
prz at acm.org

@_date: 1994-09-27 00:42:03
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: PRZ on 2048-bit keys, etc. 
Folks, a lot of people seem to be eager to generate 2048-bit keys with
various not-from-me versions of PGP that have been hotwired to allow
2048-bit keys to be generated.
MIT PGP 2.6.1 was supposed to allow 2048-bit keys, but not generate
them.  Because of yet another bug, the new intended feature of
accepting 2048-bit keys does not really work for 2.6.1.  That
particular feature was added late, and not really tested before the
release.  We are preparing a 2.6.2 release this week to fix this
problem, and maybe a few others.  PGP 2.6.2 will accept, but not
generate, bigger keys.
Why, you may ask, did I go through the trouble of making (well, OK,
trying to make) 2.6.1 accept bigger keys, but not actually generate
them?  I'm glad you asked.  Because this is part of a carefully phased
keysize upgrade path.  You see, from PGP 2.0 on up, each version of PGP
that had to introduce a new data format to support a new feature was
done in this same manner.  A new format is first read by the new
release, but not generated.  Then, in the next release after that, the
new format is generated.  This allows time for the new software (that
accepts the new format) to be thoroughly propagated through the user
community before the new format is actually generated by the even newer
software released later.  This makes life easier for all PGP users,
by preserving interoperability as much as possible.
This means that any two consecutive releases of PGP are bidirectionally compatible.  My intent was to get a thorough deployment of PGP software
that could accept bigger keys before anyone was actually generating any
bigger keys.  I do it this way to serve the interests of the PGP user PGP development has always worked this way, and no one complained
before.  Now it seems that people everywhere are all too eager to
release their very own hacked version that screws up my efforts to
preserve interoperability.  They make all kinds of changes without
talking to me first, to find out why I do things this way, before
dashing ahead with what they think the rest of the PGP users need.  My
phone number is in the PGP documentation.  It would be so easy for code
developers to simply pick up the phone and call me, and maybe find out
why a particular PGP feature (or bug) is in there, when I intend to fix
it, or if indeed it should be fixed at all.  I would prefer that people
call me before they create and release mutant strains of PGP.  A little
direct human contact by phone goes a long way in defusing
misunderstandings about PGP.
I would urge that people not generate 2048-bit keys until 2.6.2 has
been in circulation for at least a couple of months, to give it time to
spread through the user community.  I will release a new version later
that actually generates 2048-bit keys, for the diehards that want them,
and the new software will offer many other improvements as well.
I urge that people use the releases of PGP that I make and publish
through MIT.  The development process includes participation of the
user community, and I take seriously everyone's suggestions for what
should be included in PGP.  I do not work in a vaccuum here in
Boulder.  I do not make many public statements about PGP export issues,
because my lawyers won't let me, but that should not be interpreted as
insensitivity to the needs of the PGP user community.  There is still
an ongoing criminal investigation concerning export of PGP, and I am
still the target.  Some militant Europeans may think I don't care about
PGP usage outside the USA.  At least one guy in Europe has demanded
that I make statements about and get involved in export-related issues
of PGP, and says I've "sold out" (Really?  Sold out to whom?  And for
how much?).  I haven't sold out.  But I also don't enjoy the freedom of
speech that other Americans enjoy.  Of course, none of these remarks
I'm making here should be interpreted to mean that I approve of anyone
violating US export law.
And, BTW-- for those of you who get all paranoid whenever I post
something on the newsgroups that is not digitally signed with PGP --
Look, sometimes I just don't feel like signing everything I say.  There
is another email encryption protocol, PEM, which makes you sign every
message, because PEM is designed for accountability for every remark
you make, and assigning blame.  PGP doesn't require you to sign every
encrypted message, because PGP doesn't try to put you under oath every
time you open your mouth.  In my circumstances, maybe I just don't feel
like making every little note I write be a signed affidavit.
 -Philip Zimmermann
  prz at acm.org

@_date: 1995-12-29 19:03:34
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Revocation of Zimmermann's fossil key 
To whom it may concern:
I have revoked my oldest PGP key, keyID FF67F70B, user ID   "Philip R. Zimmermann "
which should no longer be used.  Instead, use my newer key,
keyID C7A966DD, with user ID
  "Philip R. Zimmermann "
The new key has been distributed with all PGP versions since version
2.3a in 1994.
My old email address at the sage site will soon disappear, so I'm revoking my old key.  I keep getting mail at my old address at sage
because people get that old address from my old key.  I can't just
revoke my old userID, so I have to revoke the whole key to get people
to stop using it.  Below is my revocation certificate, which I created
shortly after I generated my new key in 1994.  Please discontinue the
use of my old key and my old email address.  Note that this revocation
does not imply that my old key has been compromised.
 -Philip Zimmermann
  prz at acm.org
Here's my old public key with the revocation certificate...

@_date: 1995-07-29 11:15:27
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: The little sex kitten 
I don't know if this item has been posted here yet, but someone just
emailed it to me, and I thought you folks might enjoy it.
 -prz
 ----
JUDGE RULES ON E-MAIL PRIVACY CASE
TULSA, OKLA -- The Oklahoma Supreme Court has ruled on a case that many
legal experts believe clearly delineates the e-mail privacy rights of
computer users in the workplace.  Judge Stan Musing declared that employees
have a right to expect that their empolyers will refrain from monitoring
e-mail messages transmitted on company systems.  The case went to court
after programmer Augustus Lindsey's supervisor monitored his e-mail and
intercepted a message from Lindsey to a colleague.  The message read:
"That little sex kitten has been driving me wild.  She's moaning and begging
for it every minute.  Last night I was afraid someone would hear, and we'd
be thrown out of the building.  But don't worry -- all is arranged.
Wednesday she gets the knife".  Lindsey's supervisor alerted authorities,
suspecting that a crime was in the making.  Lindsey was arrested on the spot
and spent an uncomfortable night discussing the situation with the police. However, he was released in the morning, just in time to get his female cat to the vet for spaying.  Lindsey sued his boss for invasion of privacy and sought punitive damages as well.

@_date: 1995-07-29 13:15:31
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: The little sex kitten -- untrue story 
I posted this funny story to cypherpunks earlier today after someone
emailed it to me.  Now I am told the the story is false.  There are no
court records of such a case.  And it apparantly was posted to the net
(maybe to cypherpunks) months ago, and it was shown to be false.  I should
have checked it out before posting it to a public newsgroup.  Sorry about
that.  How embarrassing.  Well, it still has entertainment value, as long
as it's clearly labeled as fiction.
 -Philip Zimmermann
JUDGE RULES ON E-MAIL PRIVACY CASE
TULSA, OKLA -- The Oklahoma Supreme Court has ruled on a case that many
legal experts believe clearly delineates the e-mail privacy rights of
computer users in the workplace.  Judge Stan Musing declared that employees
have a right to expect that their empolyers will refrain from monitoring
e-mail messages transmitted on company systems.  The case went to court
after programmer Augustus Lindsey's supervisor monitored his e-mail and
intercepted a message from Lindsey to a colleague.  The message read:
"That little sex kitten has been driving me wild.  She's moaning and begging
for it every minute.  Last night I was afraid someone would hear, and we'd
be thrown out of the building.  But don't worry -- all is arranged.
Wednesday she gets the knife".  Lindsey's supervisor alerted authorities,
suspecting that a crime was in the making.  Lindsey was arrested on the spot
and spent an uncomfortable night discussing the situation with the police. However, he was released in the morning, just in time to get his female cat to the vet for spaying.  Lindsey sued his boss for invasion of privacy and sought punitive damages as well.

@_date: 1996-08-10 17:14:21
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: New web page for pgp.com 
I just wanted to let folks know that my new company has a new web page up at Also, we are hiring a lot of people.  If you would like to work for
PGP Inc, contact us.  We need engineers, cryptographers, marketing
people, and people with many other skills.  If you are interested,
send email to our CEO, Tom Steding, at tsteding at pgp.com.  Or call us
at 415 631-1747.
--Philip Zimmermann
  prz at pgp.com

@_date: 1996-01-12 05:54:09
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
My lead defense lawyer, Phil Dubois, received a fax this morning from
the Assistant US Attorney in Northern District of California, William
Keane.  The letter informed us that I "will not be prosecuted in connection
with the posting to USENET in June 1991 of the encryption program
Pretty Good Privacy.  The investigation is closed."
This brings to a close a criminal investigation that has spanned the
last three years.  I'd like to thank all the people who helped us in
this case, especially all the donors to my legal defense fund.  Apparently,
the money was well-spent.  And I'd like to thank my very capable defense
team:  Phil Dubois, Ken Bass, Eben Moglen, Curt Karnow, Tom Nolan, and Bob
Corn-Revere.  Most of the time they spent on the case was pro-bono.  I'd
also like to thank Joe Burton, counsel for the co-defendant.
There are many others I can thank, but I don't have the presence of mind
to list them all here at this moment.  The medium of email cannot express
how I feel about this turn of events.
  -Philip Zimmermann
   11 Jan 96

@_date: 1996-01-24 23:17:13
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: "PRZ a nazi" to be retracted 
The Sunday Telegraph of London printed a story last Sunday about neo-nazis
using PGP to encrypt their communications.  The story said that PGP was
devised by an American neo-nazi sympathizer.  As the creator of PGP, and
a human rights activist, I was outraged by such a defamation from a major
newspaper.  I called my lawyer Phil Dubois, who seemed to look forward to
having some fun with this newspaper.
Not wanting to wait around till the morning, and slow lawyers, I called
Robin Gedye, the reporter in Bonn who wrote the story, at 7am Monday morning
Bonn time, and woke him up at home.  I introduced myself and told him how I
felt about it.  He had never heard of me, the Clipper chip, the controversies
of cryptography, and knew nothing about PGP outside of the couple of
sentences in his story that mentioned PGP.  He said it wasn't really so bad,
because he didn't specifically identify me by name.  One can imagine the
effectiveness of that excuse with me.  I then went into some detail with him
to bring him up to speed.  I also called his editor in London, who also had
never heard of me or PGP.
After some checking, they discovered that the Daily Telegraph, a related
newspaper, had run an article about my case just a week before.  They also
found about 20 recent articles on me in the UK press.  The editor said that
my story "checks out".  It was good to know that they now believed that I
was not a neo-nazi after all.
Anyway, Mr. Gedye says that the Sunday Telegraph will print a retraction
next Sunday.  Not just a little retraction, but a whole article on the
subject, written by Mr. Gedye himself.  I'm glad to see that this probably
means that he will dig into the subject more, in order to write such an
I guess this means maybe I'll find some other things to occupy Phil Dubois's
  -Philip Zimmermann
   23 Jan 96

@_date: 1996-01-25 12:37:34
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: "PRZ a nazi" to be retracted 
The Sunday Telegraph of London printed a story last Sunday about neo-nazis
using PGP to encrypt their communications.  The story said that PGP was
devised by an American neo-nazi sympathizer.  As the creator of PGP, and
a human rights activist, I was outraged by such a defamation from a major
newspaper.  I called my lawyer Phil Dubois, who seemed to look forward to
having some fun with this newspaper.
Not wanting to wait around till the morning, and slow lawyers, I called
Robin Gedye, the reporter in Bonn who wrote the story, at 7am Monday morning
Bonn time, and woke him up at home.  I introduced myself and told him how I
felt about it.  He had never heard of me, the Clipper chip, the controversies
of cryptography, and knew nothing about PGP outside of the couple of
sentences in his story that mentioned PGP.  He said it wasn't really so bad,
because he didn't specifically identify me by name.  One can imagine the
effectiveness of that excuse with me.  I then went into some detail with him
to bring him up to speed.  I also called his editor in London, who also had
never heard of me or PGP.
After some checking, they discovered that the Daily Telegraph, a related
newspaper, had run an article about my case just a week before.  They also
found about 20 recent articles on me in the UK press.  The editor said that
my story "checks out".  It was good to know that they now believed that I
was not a neo-nazi after all.
Anyway, Mr. Gedye says that the Sunday Telegraph will print a retraction
next Sunday.  Not just a little retraction, but a whole article on the
subject, written by Mr. Gedye himself.  I'm glad to see that this probably
means that he will dig into the subject more, in order to write such an
I guess this means maybe I'll find some other things to occupy Phil Dubois's
  -Philip Zimmermann
   23 Jan 96

@_date: 1996-06-26 09:00:14
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Zimmermann's Senate testimony 
Testimony of Philip R. Zimmermann to
the Subcommittee on Science, Technology, and Space
of the US Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and 26 June 1996
Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, my name is Philip Zimmermann, and I'm Chairman and Chief Technology Officer for PGP Inc, a newly-formed company that provides cryptographic products.  I'm here to talk to you today about S.1726 and the need to change US export control policy for cryptographic software.  I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here to speak in favor of this I'm the creator of PGP (Pretty Good Privacy), a public-key encryption software package for the protection of electronic mail.  Since PGP was published domestically as freeware in June of 1991, it has spread organically all over the world, and has since become the de facto worldwide standard for encryption of E-mail, winning numerous industry awards along the way.  For three years I was the target of a criminal investigation by the US Customs Service, who assumed that laws were broken when PGP spread outside the US.  That investigation was closed without indictment in January 1996.
Computers were developed in secret back in World War II mainly to break codes.  Ordinary people did not have access to computers, because they were few in number and too expensive.  Some people postulated that there would never be a need for more than half a dozen computers in the country, and assumed that ordinary people would never have a need for computers.  Some of the government's attitude toward cryptography today were formed in that period, and mirrors the old attitudes toward computers.  Why would ordinary people need to have access to good cryptography?
In addition to the limited availability of computers, another problem with cryptography in those days was that cryptographic keys had to be distributed over secure channels so that both parties could send encrypted traffic over insecure channels. Governments solved that problem by dispatching key couriers with satchels handcuffed to their wrists.  Governments could afford to send guys like these to their embassies overseas.  But the great masses of ordinary people would never have access to practical cryptography if keys had to be distributed this way.  No matter how cheap and powerful personal computers might someday become, you just can't send the keys electronically without the risk of interception. This widened the feasibility gap between government and personal access to cryptography.
Today, we live in a new world that has had two major breakthroughs that have an impact on this state of affairs.  The first is the coming of the personal computer and the information age.  The second breakthrough is public-key cryptography. With the first breakthrough comes cheap ubiquitous personal computers, modems, FAX machines, the Internet, E-mail, the World-
Wide Web, digital cellular phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), wireless digital networks, ISDN, cable TV, and the data superhighway.  This information revolution is catalyzing the emergence of a global economy.
But this renaissance in electronic digital communication brings with it a disturbing erosion of our privacy.  In the past, if the government wanted to violate the privacy of ordinary citizens, it had to expend a certain amount of effort to intercept and steam open and read paper mail, and listen to and possibly transcribe spoken telephone conversation.  This is analogous to catching fish with a hook and a line, one fish at a time.  Fortunately for freedom and democracy, this kind of labor-intensive monitoring is not practical on a large scale.
Today, electronic mail is gradually replacing conventional paper mail, and is soon to be the norm for everyone, not the novelty it is today.  Unlike paper mail, E-mail messages are just too easy to intercept and scan for interesting keywords.  This can be done easily, routinely, automatically, and undetectably on a grand scale. This is analogous to driftnet fishing-- making a quantitative and qualitative Orwellian difference to the health of The second breakthrough came in the late 1970s, with the mathematics of public key cryptography.  This allows people to communicate securely and conveniently with people they've never met, with no prior exchange of keys over secure channels.  No more special key couriers with black bags.  This, coupled with the trappings of the information age, means the great masses of people can at last use cryptography.  This new technology also provides digital signatures to authenticate transactions and messages, and allows for digital money, with all the implications that has for an electronic digital economy.  (See appendix)
This convergence of technology-- cheap ubiquitous PCs, modems, FAX, digital phones, information superhighways, et cetera-- is all part of the information revolution.  Encryption is just simple arithmetic to all this digital hardware.  All these devices will be using encryption.  The rest of the world uses it, and they laugh at the US because we are railing against nature, trying to stop it.  Trying to stop this is like trying to legislate the tides and the weather. It's like the buggy whip manufacturers trying to stop the cars-- even with the NSA and the FBI on their side, it's still impossible.  The information revolution is good for democracy-- good for a free market and trade. It contributed to the fall of the Soviet empire.  They couldn't stop it either.
Today, every off-the-shelf multimedia PC can become a secure voice telephone, through the use of freely available software such as PGPfone.  When you combine that with the strong political will that exists in the American people to have their privacy, it's going to require extreme measures to control this technology.  What does this mean for the government's Clipper chip and key escrow systems?
Like every new technology, this comes at some cost.  Cars pollute the air and cause traffic jams.  Cryptography can help criminals hide their activities.  People in the law enforcement and intelligence communities are going to look at this only in their own terms.  But even with these costs, we still can't stop this from happening in a free market global economy.  Most people I talk to outside of government feel that the net result of providing privacy will be positive.
Law enforcement and intelligence interests in the government have attempted many times to suppress the availability of strong domestic encryption technology.  In 1991, Senate Bill 266 included a non-binding resolution, which if it had become real law, would have forced manufacturers of secure communications equipment to insert special "trap doors" in their products, so that the government could read anyone's encrypted messages.  Before that measure was defeated, I wrote and released Pretty Good Privacy.  I did it because I wanted cryptography to be made available to the American public before it became illegal to use it.  I gave it away for free so that it would achieve wide dispersal, to inoculate the body politic.
The 1994 Digital Telephony bill mandated that phone companies install remote wiretapping ports into their central office digital switches, creating a new technology infrastructure for "point-and-
click" wiretapping, so that federal agents no longer have to go out and attach alligator clips to phone lines.  Now they'll be able to sit in their headquarters in Washington and listen in to your phone calls.  Of course, the law still requires a court order for a wiretap.  But while technology infrastructures tend to persist for generations, laws and policies can change overnight.  Once a communications infrastructure optimized for surveillance becomes entrenched, a shift in political conditions may lead to abuse of this new-found power.  Political conditions may shift with the election of a new government, or perhaps more abruptly from the bombing of a Federal building.
A year after the 1994 Digital Telephony bill passed, the FBI disclosed plans to require the phone companies to build into their infrastructure the capacity to simultaneously wiretap one percent of all phone calls in all major US cities.  This would represent more than a thousandfold increase over previous levels in the number of phones that could be wiretapped.  In previous years, there were only about 1000 court-ordered wiretaps in the US per year, at the federal, state, and local levels combined.  It's hard to see how the government could even employ enough judges to sign enough wiretap orders to wiretap 1% of all our phone calls, much less hire enough federal agents to sit and listen to all that traffic in real time.  The only plausible way of processing that amount of traffic is a massive Orwellian application of automated voice recognition technology to sift through it all, searching for interesting keywords or searching for a particular speaker's voice.  If the government doesn't find the target in the first 1% sample, the wiretaps can be shifted over to a different 1% until the target is found, or until everyone's phone line has been checked for subversive traffic.  The FBI says they need this capacity to plan for the future.  This plan sparked such outrage that it was defeated in Congress, at least this time around, in 1995.  But the mere fact that the FBI even asked for these broad powers is revealing of their agenda.  And the defeat of this plan isn't so reassuring when you consider that the 1994 Digital Telephony bill was also defeated the first time it was introduced, in 1993.  Advances in technology will not permit the maintenance of the status quo, as far as privacy is concerned.  The status quo is unstable.  If we do nothing, new technologies will give the government new automatic surveillance capabilities that Stalin could never have dreamed of.  The only way to hold the line on privacy in the information age is strong cryptography.  Cryptography strong enough to keep out major governments.
The government has a track record that does not inspire confidence that they will never abuse our civil liberties.  The FBI's COINTELPRO program targeted groups that opposed government policies.  They spied on the anti-war movement and the civil rights movement.  They wiretapped Martin Luther King's phone.  Nixon had his enemies list.  And then there was the Watergate mess.  The War on Drugs has given America the world's largest per-
capita incarceration rate in the world, a distinction formerly held by South Africa, before we surpassed them during the eighties even when apartheid was in full swing.  Recently, we've seen the images and sounds of the Rodney King beatings, Detective Mark Fuhrman's tapes boasting of police abuses, and the disturbing events of the Ruby Ridge case.  And now Congress and the Clinton administration seem intent on passing laws curtailing our civil liberties on the Internet.  At no time in the past century has public distrust of the government been so broadly distributed across the political spectrum, as it is today.
The Clinton Administration seems to be attempting to deploy and entrench a communications infrastructure that would deny the citizenry the ability to protect its privacy.  This is unsettling because in a democracy, it is possible for bad people to occasionally get elected-- sometimes very bad people.  Normally, a well-functioning democracy has ways to remove these people from power.  But the wrong technology infrastructure could allow such a future government to watch every move anyone makes to oppose it.  It could very well be the last government we ever elect.
When making public policy decisions about new technologies for the government, I think one should ask oneself which technologies would best strengthen the hand of a police state.  Then, do not allow the government to deploy those technologies.  This is simply a matter of good civic hygiene.
In addition to the human rights arguments, there are technological reasons why the current export control regime makes no sense There has been considerable debate about allowing the export of implementations of the full 56-bit Data Encryption Standard (DES). At an academic cryptography conference in 1993, Michael Wiener of Northern Telecom in Ottawa presented a paper on how to crack the DES with a special machine.  He has fully designed and tested a chip that guesses DES keys at high speed until it finds the right one.  Although he has refrained from building the real chips so far, he can get these chips manufactured for $10.50 each, and can build 57000 of them into a special machine for $1 million that can try every DES key in 7 hours, averaging a solution in 3.5 hours.  $1 million can be hidden in the budget of many companies.  For $10 million, it takes 21 minutes to crack, and for $100 million, just two minutes.  That's full 56-bit DES, cracked in just two minutes.  I'm sure the NSA can do it in seconds, with their budget.  This means that DES is now effectively dead for purposes of serious data security applications. If Congress acts now to enable the export of full DES products, it will be a day late and a dollar Knowledge of cryptography is becoming so widespread, that export controls are no longer effective at controlling the spread of this technology.  People everywhere can and do write good cryptographic software, and we import it here but cannot export it, to the detriment of our indigenous software industry.
I wrote PGP from information in the open literature, putting it into a convenient package that everyone can use in a desktop or palmtop computer.  Then I gave it away for free, for the good of democracy.  This could have popped up anywhere, and spread.  Other people could have and would have done it.  And are doing it.  Again and again.  All over the planet.  This technology belongs to PGP has spread like a prairie fire, fanned by countless people who fervently want their privacy restored in the information age.
Today, human rights organizations are using PGP to protect their people overseas.  Amnesty International uses it.  The human rights group in the American Association for the Advancement of Science uses it.  It is used to protect witnesses who report human rights abuses in the Balkans, in Burma, in Guatemala, in Tibet.
Some Americans don't understand why I should be this concerned about the power of government.  But talking to people in Eastern Europe, you don't have to explain it to them.  They already get it-- and they don't understand why we don't.
I want to read you a quote from some E-mail I got in October 1993 from someone in Latvia, on the day that Boris Yeltsin was shelling his Parliament building:  "Phil I wish you to know: let it never be, but if dictatorship takes over Russia your PGP is widespread from Baltic to Far East now and will help democratic people if necessary.   Appendix -- How Public-Key Cryptography Works In conventional cryptosystems, such as the US Federal Data Encryption Standard (DES), a single key is used for both encryption and decryption.  This means that a key must be initially transmitted via secure channels so that both parties have it before encrypted messages can be sent over insecure channels.  This may be inconvenient.  If you have a secure channel for exchanging keys, then why do you need cryptography in the first place?
In public key cryptosystems, everyone has two related complementary keys, a publicly revealed key and a secret key.  Each key unlocks the code that the other key makes.  Knowing the public key does not help you deduce the corresponding secret key.  The public key can be published and widely disseminated across a communications network. This protocol provides privacy without the need for the same kind of secure channels that a conventional cryptosystem requires.
Anyone can use a recipient's public key to encrypt a message to that person, and that recipient uses her own corresponding secret key to decrypt that message.  No one but the recipient can decrypt it, because no one else has access to that secret key.  Not even the person who encrypted the message can decrypt it.  Message authentication is also provided.  The sender's own secret key can be used to encrypt a message, thereby "signing" it.  This creates a digital signature of a message, which the recipient (or anyone else) can check by using the sender's public key to decrypt it.  This proves that the sender was the true originator of the message, and that the message has not been subsequently altered by anyone else, because the sender alone possesses the secret key that made that signature.  Forgery of a signed message is infeasible, and the sender cannot later disavow his signature. These two processes can be combined to provide both privacy and authentication by first signing a message with your own secret key, then encrypting the signed message with the recipient's public key. The recipient reverses these steps by first decrypting the message with her own secret key, then checking the enclosed signature with your public key.  These steps are done automatically by the recipient's software.
        Philip Zimmermann
        3021 11th Street
        Boulder, Colorado 80304
        303 541-0140
        E-mail:  prz at pgp.com

@_date: 1996-03-20 19:57:14
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: PGP and Human Rights 
Recently, I received the following letters by email from Central Europe.
The letters provides food for thought in our public debates over the role
of cryptography in the relationship between a government and its people.
With the sender's permission, I am releasing the letters to the public,
with the sender's name deleted, and some minor typos corrected.
This material may be reposted, unmodified, to any other Usenet newsgroups
that may be interested.
  -Philip Zimmermann
Dear Phil,
This is a short note to say a very big thank you for all your work with We are part of a network of not-for-profit agencies, working among other things for human rights in the Balkans.  Our various offices have been raided by various police forces looking for evidence of spying or subversive activities.  Our mail has been regularly tampered with and our office in Romania has a constant wiretap.
Last year in Zagreb, the security police raided our office and confiscated our computers in the hope of retrieving information about the identity of people who had complained about their activites.
In every instance PGP has allowed us to communicate and protect our files from any attempt to gain access to our material as we PKZIP all our files and then use PGP's conventional encryption facility to protect all sensitive files.
Without PGP we would not be able to function and protect our client group.  Thanks to PGP I can sleep at night knowing that no amount of prying will compromise our clients.
I have even had 13 days in prison for not revealing our PGP pass phrases,
but it was a very small price to pay for protecting our clients.
I have always meant to write and thank you, and now I am finally doing it.  PGP has a value beyond all words and my personal gratitude to you is immense.  Your work protects the innocent and the weak, and as such promotes peace and justice, quite frankly you deserve the biggest medal that can be found. Please be encouraged that PGP is a considerable benefit people in need, and your work is appreciated.
Could you please tell us where in Europe we can find someone who can tell us more about using PGP and upgrades etc.  If you can't tell us these details because of the export restriction thing, can you point us at someone who could tell us something without compromising you.
Many thanks.
  [ I sent him a response and asked him if I could disclose his inspiring
    letter to the press, and also possibly use it in our ongoing
    legislative debates regarding cryptography if the opportunity arises
    to make arguments in front of a Congressional committee.  I also
    asked him to supply some real examples of how PGP is used to protect
    human rights.  He wrote back that I can use his letters if I delete
    his organization's name "to protect the innocent".  Then he sent me
    the following letter.  --PRZ ]
Dear Phil,
I have been thinking of specific events that might be of use to your Congressional presentation.  I am concerned that our brushes with Governments might be double-edged in that Congress might not like the idea of Human Rights groups avoiding Police investigation, even if such investigations violated Human Rights.
However we have one case where you could highlight the value of PGP to "Good" citizens, we were working with a young woman who was being pursued by Islamic extremists.  She was an ethnic Muslim from Albania who had converted to Christianity and as a result had been attacked, raped and threatened persistently with further attack.
We were helping to protect her from further attack by hiding her in Hungary, and eventually we helped her travel to Holland, while in Holland she sought asylum, which was granted after the Dutch Government acknowledged that she was directly threatened with rape, harrassment and even death should her whereabouts be known to her persecutors.
Two weeks before she was granted asylum, two armed men raided our office in Hungary looking for her, they tried to bring up files on our computers but were prevented from accessing her files by PGP.  They took copies of the files that they believed related to her, so any simple password or ordinary encryption would eventually have been overcome. They were prepared to take the whole computer if necessary so the only real line of defence was PGP.
Thanks to PGP her whereabouts and her life were protected.  This incident and the young woman's circumstances are well documented.
We have also had other incidents where PGP protected files and so protected innocent people.  If the US confirms the dubious precedent of denying privacy in a cavalier fashion by trying to deny people PGP , it will be used as a standard by which others will then engineer the outlawing of any privacy.  Partial privacy is no privacy.  Our privacy should not be by the grace and favour of any Government.  Mediums that ensured privacy in the past have been compromised by advances in technology, so it is only fair that they should be replaced by other secure methods of protecting our thoughts and ideas, as well as I wish you well with your hearing.
Yours most sincerely
[name deleted]
[end of quoted material]

@_date: 1996-03-21 19:30:31
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: PGP and Human Rights, continued 
A few days ago, I posted a note to the cypherpunks list from a human
rights group in Central Europe, regarding their use of PGP.  Here
is a followup note from the same guy.  I have edited it to preserve
his and his group's anonymity.  This version may be freely circulated.
  -Philip Zimmermann
I hope our story helps. Here is a little tale of pre-PGP days.
In the bad old days before we had PGP and before the revolution in Romania, we used to send couriers to Romania to meet with dissidents and help collate information about their troubles.
Organisings such trips was a nightmare because briefing couriers to be able to find people, and then bring out accurate reports was quite difficult. Any document was liable to be confiscated, and any notebook with names and addresses would be taken if found by the Police and every Romanian in the book would be visited by the security Police. Yet sometimes we would be given large files of documents to take to the Human Rights Agencies in the West, and couriers would have to visit several dissidents.
As Foreigner's you were required to stay in designated hotels, it was illegal to stay in a private home. You were followed, and meetings with dissidents were a stressful experience for everyone.
We eventually started to use handheld psion computers to carry information about travel directions, name and addresses, and to input files etc. No sensitive information was carried in the memory of the psion but in a separate memory cartridge. The cartridge resembled a battery, and the psion looked like a sophisticated calculator, so we relied on the Romanians ignorance of that technology, and on keeping the two items separate when travelling.
This worked very well until the late eighties when a courier was arrested at the Romanian\Hungarian border, during the initial search the  memory cartridge was overlooked, and as such the courier was able to keep the memory cartridge. Later in the day, he was being walked between two buildings when he had opportunity to throw the memory cartridge into a fast moving river ! All very heady stuff, but everyone back in the office was off the wall for several days until the courier was eventually released and able to confirm the destruction of the memory Since PGP, we have been able sleep better at nights.
The following story is not for publication as we could easily be identified... [story deleted]
So as you can see the issue of Privacy here is not about tax evasion or child pornography, but the on-going determination by various groups including parts of the media, and Government Agencies, to know everything and to then to profit by such knowledge financially or by the destruction of those opposed to them.
In this part of the world PGP is a common sense idea that protects ordinary people from those who have power that they are prepared to abuse. There is no Constitution, enforced by capable courts in this part of the world able to protect us from such abuses, so we must have the right to protect ourselves from abuse.
If the NSC considers PGP a restricted weapon system that can't be legally exported, why can't at least Americans who have the right to bear arms have an ongoing guaranteed right to keep uncompromised encryption\PGP under their pillow at night along with their magnum. If you are allowed fatal force to protect your physical person, why can't you have equally powerful protection for your personal thoughts.
Now I am no fan of the Gun Lobby, but if Americans can ensure their right to uncompromised encryption, the rest of us can argue for the same more effectively.
Anyway I must get back to work...
Do keep in touch sometimes..
Best regards
[name deleted]

@_date: 1997-10-26 17:19:24
@_author: Philip R. Zimmermann 
@_subject: InfoWar Epilogue 7 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 25274 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:
