
@_date: 2001-08-02 23:15:54
@_author: Paul Harrison 
@_subject: Too much time on their hands up in the North Woods 
The boyz at Dartmouth's PKI Lab have been playing with JavaScript. The
results are troubling in an "E-Qold" kind of way.
By painting over the location and status bars of typical wintel browsers,
and using javascript's pop-up window capability they are able to spoof an
SSL session, without even duping Verisign into giving them a bogus cert.
The effort is painstaking but the results apparently slick. Picks up from
Felton's seminal work (since deprecated).
I like this for Verified by Visa 3-D Secure applications: "Hello, this is
the FleetBankBoston VISA Verifier popup. Please type your password in this
secure window now.....Thank you, and remember, NEVER share your password.
Have a nice day!"
Not discussed, but important to the discerning bad-guy's tool kit is the
"proxy-spoof." This is a webserver which has a home page which looks like,
say, Amazon.com but isn't. For every click you make it runs off to Amazon,
gets the page, replaces all the Amazon links with spoofed links to itself,
then forwards the page on to you. In this fashion, you get theAmazon
experience right on through until you click "Buy" and whip out your credit
card. The attacker has been in charge of your connection for the entire
site visit, but only then does it get smart and start rendering ersatz
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-08-07 15:54:29
@_author: Paul Harrison 
@_subject: Remailers next generation? 
It has been several years since any significant changes in
anonymous remailer technology were proposed.  Much of the
latter day thinking has been directed more to Democracy
Walls such as MN, freehaven, freenet as possible improvement
on good ole Usenet alt.anonymous.messages.
While it is still a bit premature, there are some intriguing
possibilities in the evolution of Sun's new offspring, JXTA.
In particular, the peergroup concept which allows for the
dynamic formation of a routing graph amongst anonymous
but authenticated nodes.  There is a core JXTA security
project which is supposedly finishing off an implementation
of the basic crypto components including some version of
key exchange and encrypted messaging (also toying with
some reputation extensions which _might_ be useful).
The basic JXTA node protocols use random id's, not IP
addresses, domain names, or other universal namespaces..
Off the top of my head it might easily be possible for a
remailers to participate in a JXTA peergroup, mixing messages
with peer-2-peer xfers before a message was emitted
through SMTP at the exit point.  Intermediate nodes would
not need to even have ICANN/IANA registered public
SMTP addresses, simply persistent peergroup nyms and public
keys.  The JXTA protocols allow for non-tcp/ip transports as
well, so an intermediate point might communicate using bluetooth,
or infrared.  Furthermore, by executing the transfers using a more
general purpose protocol than email it would be possible to
extend the remailer model to other communications channels
and exit via IM, IRC, Usenet or cellular SMS.  With a peergroup
infrastructure it would even be possible to devise some group
advertisement protocol where a remailer node or eavesdropper
_never_ knew to which specific address a message was
forwarded, only to what group of addresses.
As I said, JXTA is a pretty raw beast right at the moment, but
some of the groundwork is being set out which might make
cooperative anonymous communication possible with an even
lower public profile than SMTP and with a mixed mode of
transport which could further frustrate analysis.  There is even
an incipient (although deeply flawed from a 'punk perspective)
proposal to add a  micropayment service into the mix.
A peergroup based mail services does raise some interesting
trust metric challenges, though.  And -- until there is a broad
of JXTA users and traffic -- the cover is mighty thin compared with

@_date: 2001-08-08 00:15:02
@_author: Paul Harrison 
@_subject: Remailers next generation? 
Yup, same old sticky wicket.  And you get the service you pay for.
Whine level remains high.  Actions in decline.  E.g. "I'd  rather be
out shooting than remopping"
There are many paths to enlightenment.  Not all are politically focused.
We're being slowly frog-boiled.  And the sad thing is that the persecution,
er prosecution, of Bell, the Waco obscenity, the Russian crypto hacker
arrest(s)...these are viewed by most of our fellow citizen units as good
which show that God is in His Heaven, there is Rule of Law and all is right
with the world. "Why would anyone carry cash on a airplane?" they ask.
And the public bumbles of our elite LEAs leave people much less paranoid
about them.
Here is where I believe that those silly anti-globalists may actually have a
point.  the U.S. federal statute DMCA is a WIPO-compliant act.  RIP in the
U.K. was at least partly inspired by years of U.S. evangalism about gak and
the horror of crypto in the public's hands.  The demise of "offshore
has been by the strong-arming of various sovereign nations by the E.U. and
the U.S.  What we are witnessing is a new kind of gunboat diplomacy, as
nations are coming face to face with the ebbing relevance of geography.
are reaching out to find ways to protect their power.  It is important that
main trading partners are increasingly implementing national legislation
reduces opportunities for jurisdictional arbitrage.  And for the political
cryptographer or the (cryptic political animal?) this is as significant as a
piece of silicon such as CLIPPER.
It was a positive that Bush recently stood up to EU gun control pressure, in
name of the 2nd Ammendment.  Would Ashcroft do the same if the assault were
on Search & Siezure or Freedom of Speech, through some multi-national
of ISP compliance with Carnivore or RIP-like logging, decryption and
I sincerely doubt it.  How can you conduct a war on drugs and cybercrime and
their fellow traveller money laundering if we don't "harmonize" the
standards for lawful breaking, entering, confiscation?
When they come for the remops there will already be licenses to run SMTP
and like the Chicago police, "they" can just pick up those silly little
mixie masters for
expired tags or failure to stop (after explicit court order) death threats
 happy-fun court judges, or ponzi schemes which defrauded little old ladies,
or porn pictures sent to 9 year old girls, whatever.
The citizen units will applaud.  And crypto will be sexy again.

@_date: 2001-08-08 00:31:19
@_author: Paul Harrison 
@_subject: Remailer Phases 
And "we" (whoever that is) need traffic, traffic, traffic.  A good
net importantly includes lots of source address and exit addresses.  Each
of which plausibly is generating or consuming real content.  The best
is somebody else's real email not some PRNG-driven bot output.

@_date: 2001-08-08 20:26:58
@_author: Paul Harrison 
@_subject: Remailer Phases 
hmmm.  I would guess that if the list program prepended [cypherpunks]
to every subject, then peoples could still filter and organize posts
even though they arrived from random exit points. One  listop could do
this, and if it was too much of a pain people could resubscribe from a
different CDR node.  It might also provide interesting metrics for both
goodguys and badguys (dropped messages, latency, etc. could all be
measured against a subscription to a non-mixed CDR node.
What are the traffic analysis implications?

@_date: 2001-08-19 21:11:13
@_author: Paul Harrison 
@_subject: FBI Tries to Set Up Brian K. West 
Happily a nice, forward thinking Tulsa law firm has done
the work for all concerned and interested citizens.
"Tilly & Fitzgerald is engaged in a general civil practice,
including trial and appellate work in all state and federal
" Tilly & Fitzgerald employs state of the art technology in the
practice of law, increasing the speed and efficiency of our
ability to serve client needs. From document assembly to
computer graphics to electronic research, our attorneys are
able to utilize the power and convenience of computers and
the internet to better serve our clients in a competitive
Partner James W. (Jim) Tilly, has graciously posted the
business, home and spousal contact information for _all_
of his fellow TU Lawschool Class of '79 reunion mateys
...and TU Law '79.
Now here a conundrum for Mr. Sperling, Esquire:  If your
classmate's web homepage  doesn't directly
link to the page with your home address, home phone, wife's
name, etc. then does the fact that Google's spiders and bots
finked you out (probably because your dearly beloved classmates
linked to the page from their own vanity home pages)
constitute intentional unauthorized access to a  protected
computer system under 18 USC 1030a2C?
