
@_date: 2011-01-17 23:13:55
@_author: Pierre St Juste 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] what would you like to see most in a p2p social 
I would like to point out the SocialVPN project
It is basically a P2P VPN which creates direct encrypted tunnels to
friends. It currently uses the XMPP protocol for friend discovery and
public key exchange. This VPN thus creates a social graph where edges
are IP links. This infrastructure can be used as an enabler for many
other social services. Here are a few examples
1 - Instead of using Skype, you can use Ekiga with Avahi, Avahi
extension for Ekiga will discover online friends through multicast over
the social virtual private network, you can then place SIP call directly
over IP link.
2. For instant messaging, you can use Empathy or Pidgin with
Bonjour/Avahi support, as concept as above.
3. For video stream, you can stream a video over HTTP or RTP using VLC
and your friends can connect directly.
4. For social networking, you can run a wordpress blog locally and have
your friends connect to that, or you can write an social networking
application that communicates with friends over SocialVPN using Berkeley
sockets API instead of having to deal with building P2P library that
deals with NAT traversal, peer search and so on.
5. All data sent between peers is encrypted and authenticated, basically
the same idea behind IPSec if you support PKI certificate exchanges.
One of the hardest thing about building social P2P systems is having
with a user-friendly way to bootstrap these social links (or Darknets).
SocialVPN makes that step trivial so that developers can focus more on
making cool apps versus figuring out how to traverse NATs.
I hope this helps.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2011-01-18 02:49:44
@_author: Pierre St Juste 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] what would you like to see most in a p2p social 
Here's some explanation about distributed NAT traversal.
We currently run a structured P2P overlay on Planetlab, when you run
SocialVPN you join that structured overlay, we usually have about 500 - 600
nodes running. If node A wants to connect to node B, the following happens:
1 - node A sends a ConnectToMe (CTM) message to node B by using node B's P2P
address (160-bit randomly chosen address).
2 - The CTM message contains node A's public IP and UDP port.
3 - Node B replies through the overlay with his public IP and UDP port and
simultaneous sends a UDP packet to node A's public IP and port.
4. When node A receives the reply with node B's IP and UDP port, node A
sends a UDP packet to node B's public IP and UDP port.
5. If you have a friendly NAT (not symmetric), then node A's packet will
make it to node B's machine since node B has already sent a packet to that
IP and port.
We call it a distributed STUN server because the Brunet P2P library allows
for discovery of one's public IP address and port and it also provides an
all-to-all messaging layer needed to signal the start of UDP hole punching.
As we all know, direct P2P communication is not always possible, in this
case, a node that is reachable by both parties is chosen as the relay nodes
and peers communicate through that.
Finally our NAT traversal is a bit slower than regular STUN because the
initial message is routed through a structured overlay that takes log(N)
hops on average, but you may have dropped UDP packets and retries, so it may
take milliseconds or a few seconds to set up direct P2P connection.
These papers explain in more detail
Hope this helps. I encourage anyone interesting to download SocialVPN and
try it out, there is windows installer and debian package. It currently
works with GoogleChat or by emailing each other your P2P address.

@_date: 2011-01-18 03:17:04
@_author: Pierre St Juste 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] what would you like to see most in a p2p social 
Currently when you run SocialVPN, you will connect to our global
planetlab pool (essentially our bootstrap nodes). I would say that
success rate is pretty high (95% to 99.999%, I think we have some
numbers in our papers) if UDP is allowed on the network. We do support
TCP as well, but not TCP NAT traversal (that is hard), I am not sure of
success rate if you are on TCP only network. And of course, success rate
is zero if you are behind a corporate firewall that only allows specific
ports such as HTTP or SSH. Planetlab and most ISPs do not let users host
services on these popular ports. I think our use of Planetlab (hence a
static list of bootstrap nodes) made our solution much easier to
implement. We also have a feature which allows peers to use the XMPP's
STUN support to facilitate direct connections without having to depend
on Planetlab.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com
