
@_date: 2000-12-01 11:28:24
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Net News as Cover Traffic 
You mean like the long standing and active news group alt.anonymous.messages, but different?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-12-06 11:50:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: "Hello, You're Dead" 
[ukcrypto and Perry's list deleted]
The article goes on to say that the Men With Guns may now take reaching
for a cell phone as adequate excuse to kill you. (Of course, in New York
just pulling a  wallet in response to an apparent mugging can get you shot 40 times by plainsclothes cops).
Seeing the subject line, I was reminded more of the case a couple years
ago when the Isrealis murdered a man via his own cellphone. A Palestinan,
who was known as 'The Engineer' and was allegedly behind a number of
terrorist attacks, used a known cellphone. As I recall, the hit went like
The phone was made to appear 'broken' by the telephone company. It was
taken in for repair/replacement. Soon after the new phone was delivered, the Palestinian received a call. The caller asked "Is this [name]?" On
receiving an affirmative reply, a small explosive charge detonated in the
phone, blowing the Palestinian's head off.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-12-06 12:49:41
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: iPaq 
There's also a Linux port, if you want to kid yourself that you're
going to check the OS security yourself.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-12-06 19:48:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: hi 
Anyone else suspect that the original message (from a throw-away yahoo account) is a troll,
and wonder if Tim might have been the author?
[Tim, perhaps you're not, but replying so quickly in this manner to the original message (which is a canonical example of the way you satirize uneducated blacks) is suspicious to say the least :-]

@_date: 2000-12-07 10:15:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
Many places have 'mask laws' which criminalize the wearing of masks
in public. Some times there are exceptions for costume balls, etc, but
generally these laws are very selectively enforced. I seem to remember
there were some prosecutions in the US in relation to the WTO protests
and in London following the May Day protests.
Unless there is a specific loophole for Muslim women's veils, I suppose
they are technically in violation, but as I said, these laws are hardly
ever invoked. If say, there were a rash of terrorist attacks involving
persons occured, there'd be crackdown.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-12-07 10:20:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
Are you saying that a visiting foreigner can't open a bank account in the
I'd be quite suprised if this is the case. Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-12-07 10:29:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Knowing your customer 
Green carders, yes. Visiting foreigners who are not
working, not neccesarily. Tourists certainly not. How about if James Higginsbottom opens an account
in the London branch of Citibank? Does he need a US
SSN to do so? (I don't think so). Can he use the account
in the US (I suspect he can).

@_date: 2000-12-08 10:10:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Masks [was: Re: About 5yr. log retention] 
Be careful about making sweeping generalizations about Islamic cultures;
they vary almost as much as Christian and Jewish ones. While female modesty is a widely practiced virtue, it's implementation covers a wide
range, from all-encompassing covering to a simple head scarf.
Jim claims it has to do with 'property rights' the husband has in the wife.
This really applies more to purdah, the practice of isolating women from
society as a whole, or allowing them to contact non-family males only under carefully chaperoned situations. While veiling has some application
to this, it is more done to prevent inciting male lust. If you grew up in a
where the only women you saw were either relatives, or completely veiled,
a bare face or a 'glimpse of stocking' would be quite exciting.
I've read articles written by Western women who have lived in countries
where women were required to veil completely. Some of them actually
came to rather like it - under the veil they had privacy - no one could
mark them as a foreigner, they could come and go anywhere as easily
as a native. Underneath they could dress for comfort, not style or appearance. They felt safer.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-12-08 10:14:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Signatures and MIME Attachments Getting Out of Hand 
Sean: Guess what: Your message comes as an attachment, which I have
to open seperately.

@_date: 2000-12-19 11:02:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Houston [was: The Cost of California Liberalism] 
And in the Big Apple we can tell out-of-towners in a New York second by
them the name of the street at the southern base of the numbered grid
system. It's Houston Street, and every citizen knows it's 'house-ton'.
"It doesn't matter where you are; if it's not New York, you're Out Of Town."
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-12-19 11:16:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Freenet and anarcho-capitalist 
Bob, this is the opposite problem from posting an entire
article in HTML. You've provided no info beyond the subject line as to why I or anyone should look at slashdot. Slashdot puts out 10-12 articles a day; which one
should I look at? At the very least, you could have
given the URL for a specific article, as it is your
uninformative link becomes even more useless as it
rapidly ages.
It's really not too hard to do the Right Thing; Here's an
example from today's /.:
---------start example------------
Judge Says Port Scanning Is Legal
          Posted by CmdrTaco on Tuesday December 19,           from the thousands-of-lines-of-log-files dept.
 "SecurityFocus has an article explaining a ruling
from a U.S. district court ruling in
          Georgia about port scanning. The judge ruled that that port
scanning tools neither "impair the
          integrity nor availability of the network." Both parties agreed
not to appeal the judge's ruling." -----------end example---------------
...that took me about 15 seconds - 1 click to get to the specific
article (so I could easily get the article specific URL) and 2 cut-and-paste actions (one for the URL and one for the teaser text).
If you won't show any common courtesy towards your intended
audience, don't expect them to read your postings.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-12-22 20:39:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Out of Office AutoReply: Crypto questions 
I'm out until Jan 2. Jeff Hamell, Bill Duane, and John Worral
have contact info

@_date: 2000-11-01 09:48:36
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
[...]
I'd like to voice my agreement on this. Here in Massachusetts, the state
is considered such a Democrat stronghold that we've seen almost
zero campaigning by either major party (while this is usually considered a
godsend, I'm starting to feel ignored :-). At the local level, Senator Ted Kennedy's seat is up for re-election, but
Ted has such a lock on it that he isn't bothering to campaign. The
state's Republicans have managed to self-destruct (their initial candidate withdrew, and Jack Robinson, the replacement who popped up at the last minute, has proved utterly without merit - the state party no longer
him, and he's out of money).
All indications are that Carla Howell, the Libertarian challenger for
Kennedy's Senate seat, will handily out-poll the Republicans this year.
As a result, my vote is immaterial to either major party, and I can happily
vote my conscience without any fear that I'm helping throw the election to
either Gush or Bore - both of whom I find utterly odious for intersecting
of reasons.
(Just in case you were wondering, I'm voting Libertarian).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-01 13:14:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
Somebody is. Prop 8 would allow drug offenders (including low level dealers) to opt for treatment over prison, and would require all fines, seized funds, and profits from the sale of
stolen^H^H^H^H^H^Hforfeited property in drug cases to be used to finance treatment.
I think one other state has a similar proposition this year, and
another (New Mexico?) has had a similar law in place for a
while, to great success.
Needless to say, the police chiefs and DAs are worried that their profits will be eroded, and oppose it.
Since the national and state wide candidates' races are non-issues
in MA, most of the campaigning I've seen has been for and against
the various ballot measures.
For details, see:
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-01 14:43:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: [press release[  
USGS NIMA (US Geological Survey, National Imagery and Mapping Agency)
is the only one I know of that is actually in Reston. There are others in
the region, such as NRO (actually in Chantilly).
Peter Trei
PS: Don't use the toad.com address.

@_date: 2000-11-03 12:58:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Nader 
[much snippage]
The Forbes 400, listing the 400 most wealthy Americans, is on the newstands
right now. While I don't have it at hand right now, the self-made men
outnumber those  who inherited all or part of their wealth.
The cut-off point this year is $725M.
The list can be browsed at  ,
but doesn't include the self made vs inherited data (which is in
the dead tree edition).

@_date: 2000-11-06 09:46:27
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: RISKS: New Jersey shuts down E-ZPass statement site after sec 
EZ-Pass is a perfect example of people choosing convenience over security, and a bad design "creating the tools for tyranny". While the accounting system most certainly keeps records
of where you were, and when, so it can do billing, the system
is structured in such a way that an intrusive government can
place antennas anywhere they want, and clandestinely record all EZ-Pass equipped vehicles passing a given point
(even if it is not a toll site).
[It just struck me that there may be a novel legal challenge to
this; since you have contracted with a transport agency to
use EZ-Pass, any non-contractual activation of the system
could be legally construed as computer hacking - the snooping
antenna has to power up your EZ-pass' chip (that's what those
big inductive loop antennas are for), cause it to run a program,
and return a result. If the EZ-Pass is rented from the authority
I don't know if you'd have standing to sue, though.]
Of course, EZ-Pass could have been designed so that the
device was anonymous, and prepaid stored value (bought
for cash) smartcards used to meter access. It would probably have worked out cheaper as well, since the
accounting overhead goes away, and they make intereset on
the float of unused cards....
....but such a mechanism would not have suited Big Brother
nearly as well.
Disclaimer: The above represents my personal views only]

@_date: 2000-11-06 10:25:45
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Connie Chung fucks up & things are not as they seem.A good ex 
Seeing as the rest of this site is talking about crop circles and
UFOs, I think I can ignore this report.
Peter Trei
[While it's not impossible for UFO-nuts to stumble across
something real, their inability to distinguish reality from
fantasy indicates a lack of critical faculty. In a world where
the flow of claim and counterclaim has an intensity not
unlike standing underneath a waterfall, filtering is essential.
This claim fails one of my first level filters.

@_date: 2000-11-07 11:44:16
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Here's an interesting twist on gun control ... 
Huh? A couple of years ago I was driving through Lancaster county , Pennsylvania
(ground zero for the Amish in the US). There were plenty of Amish houses on
the edge of towns, which most conspicuously did *not* have the power, phone,
and cable hookups which the 'English' houses did.  Can't speak for water or
sewage, which would be underground.
These were not isolated farmhouses, but otherwise 'normal' looking suburban
tract homes, I'd guess not more that 10-15 years old.

@_date: 2000-11-08 10:28:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Weather [was: RE: Well, that's over. Heads up, America!] 
I once heard a European pundit observe that Americans seem normal most of the time, but every now and then something surfaces
to make it clear just how alien they actually are.
The example he gave was the American obsession with weather. In
Europe,  talk about the weather is just conversational padding; noise of no serious consequence to fill an otherwise awkward
Americans, on the other hand, MEAN IT when they talk about the
weather. They sit up and pay attention when forecasts appear. All US cable systems carry a channel which broadcasts
nothing except weather reports, 24x7 - a notion which seems as
bizarre to Europeans as would a channel for watching the grass
grow. He surmised that this is due to the fact that in the US, unlike
Europe, bad weather can kill you. [And even if it doesn't kill you, it can sure as hell play havoc
with your day. I've had over 2 feet of snow overnight at my house,
while 10 miles away there was just rain. Mark Twain once gave a speech about the New England weather:
It's worth a look.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-08 11:28:25
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: A strange election scenario. 
It looks like Gore has won the popular vote, and
that Florida is more likely to tip to Bush than to
Gore. If this happens, the show is not
necessarily over. If Bush wins Florida, and Gore wins Oregon,
the electoral college will stand at Gore 267, Bush 271. You'd expect that King George the Second would rule. But....
In most states, electoral college
electors are bound by law to cast their
votes in favor of the candidate who won
their state. But not all - in some states
(which ones? I don't know) electors can
legally vote their conscience. A Libertarian
presidential candidate got an electoral vote
a while back in this manner.
If three of these 'unbound' electors are in states
which went to Bush, and decide to 'follow
the mandate of the national popular vote'
they can flip the election.
Interesting times.....
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-09 10:01:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
Jeremy Bentham, spiritual founder of University College, University of
for an image of the 'auto-icon' It turns out that the story that the his preserved body attends University
Council meetings (and is noted in the minutes as 'present, not voting')
is only a UL (university legend).
I got my degree at Kings College, University of London. Bentham was an atheist and the founder of Utilitarianism. King's was founded by a group
of religious Londoners appalled by the thought of godless UC, and even in the late 1970's there was still a distinct rivalry between the two
Periodically, students from UC would steal 'Reggie' a lifesize lion statue
which was King's mascot, and King's students would kidnap Jeremy's
head (which is separated from, but stored with, the rest of his body). Usually, the momentos would be ransomed after a few weeks, with the
money going to charity.
Peter Trei
PS: We covered all this in the list 5-6 years ago.

@_date: 2000-11-09 10:51:25
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Electoral college (was:  Re: More blather from the DEMS on FL] 
[Learn to use your 'Shift' key; it's there for a reason.]
I expect that we still have an electoral college because amending the
Constitution is a very laborious process, and fixing it has no constituancy;
one party is about as likely to benefit from it as another.
As to why we have one in the first place....
At the founding of the US, the franchise was far from universal; women,
slaves, and non-landowners were excluded - it was felt that such people were either congenitally unfit, or (in the case of the propertyless)
too shiftless to exercise a vote responsibly. Voting was regarded as a very important act, and it was neccesary to restrict it to an
educated, socially responsible elite, to whom the welfare of their society
was a personal interest (this limited franchise also existed in England).
At the same time, the FF wanted to have a government which represented the people as a whole.
There was a considerable difference to the formation of society in the
different states; in the North, there were a very large number of small
family farms, the heads of which each qualified as voters. In the South,
most of the land was owned by a much smaller number of owners of
huge plantations, which might have dozens or hundreds of people, but
only one landowner who could vote. Thus, the ratio of voters to the general populace differed between North and South.
At the time of the Constitutional convention, Virginia was the most
populous state, but it fell into the Southern mode. If all votes were weighed equally in selecting the president, Virginia and the other populous plantation system states would get the short end of the stick. Virginians were a powerful group in the CC, and rammed
through the electoral college system. In this, the number of electoral votes was proportional to the total number of people (not just voters) in the state (Indians were not counted, and slaves counted as 3/5s of a free person each).
As the franchise was gradually expanded, the role of the electoral college has become more and more irrelevant.
Since the Civil Rights movement of the early 60's (the last time
a large group gained real voting rights) , it's been about as useful as an appendix
This is the first election since then that it's been a problem. That's
why we still have it.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-09 16:16:08
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Reporting weirdness: Hagelin vs. Browne 
Watching in Massachusetts, I was actually rather impressed at the level
which the major media were reporting the minor candidates. Unlike previous
years, where it sometimes took days for me to find out how Libertarian
candidates did, this year they were reported live along with the others.
In Ma, Carla Howell got about 12% in her Senate run, just a little behind
Republican candidate (the rest went to Kennedy). In fact, Libertarian candidates where getting 10-15% of the vote quite consistantly in local
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-10 09:37:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Where is John Young? 
There are new articles, dated today, in the cryptome. There is
a gap from Nov 5 thru Nov 9. Maybe he went on vacation.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-10 10:31:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
One of the good results of the current stalemate is that many of us are
getting crash courses in constitutional law. This is covered by the Presidential Succession Act of 1947. See
There would be appointed an acting president, who would stay in
office only until the election was settled.
The order of sucession goes;
President				Clinton
Vice President				Gore
Speaker of the House			Hastert
President pro-tem of the Senate		Gore
Secretary of State			Albright
Secretary of the Treasury		
Secretary of Defense
Attorney General			Reno
Postmaster General
Secretary of the Navy
Secretary of the Interior Secretary of Agriculture Secretary of Commerce Secretary of Labor
I suspect that the upshot would be that Clinton would stay in office
for a while.
The other alternative is that the already appointed electors vote,
leaving out the unappointed Florida electors. This would throw the race to Gore.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-14 10:43:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
One solution I've seen used in 3rd world countries is to require people who have just voted to dip a forefinger into a cup of intense, penetrating
dye, which they are very unlikely to be able to remove in one day.
I can state from personal experience that Silver Nitrate solution will produce stains on skin which gradually blacken in the light, and
don't come off till your skin wears off. Mixing the dye with a transport agent such as DMSO would also work.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-14 14:44:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
I'll ignore the possibility that there is a racist implication behind
Who said it had to be black, or be Silver Nitrate? The example I saw
used a purple dye. If you actually knew any blacks (I'm using that word instead of the currently PC 'African-American' because it's skin
color that's under discussion, and the discussion applies to people
outside the US as well), you'd know that the palmar side of the hand
and fingers are much lighter than the back.
Also, if you want to get high tech, use a fluorescent dye mixed with DMSO. It'll penetrate deep into the skin, and be visible under
UV (no cosmetic objections). I suspect it'd take weeks to wear off.
Sometimes crypto is not the best solution. The various 'Internet
voting at home' schemes bug the hell out of me.

@_date: 2000-11-14 16:08:01
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A secure voting protocol 
Good point - I've played with dyes (histology work)
but not DMSO.  I guess your entire body would glow under UV :-)
Actually UV flourescent dyes might not be so good, since an application of SP50 sunscreen might stop them from showing.
But I have no doubt that a  semi-permanent dye mark
can be engineered. It only has to resist removal for
about 12 hours.

@_date: 2000-11-14 16:16:41
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Close Elections and Causality 
Actually, voting in Britain is done by Parlimentary district, which
is a lot smaller than a county. The names on the ballots are the
candidates for Member of Parliment from that district..
The party which gets a majority of the parlimentary seats is
requested by Mrs. Windsor to form a government. If no party
gets a majority, the one with the largest number of seats tries
to form a coalition government with one of the other parties.
You don't vote directly for a party or Prime Minister (unless
you happen to live in his or her district - the PM is an MP
as well).
And yes, redrawing parlimentary district boundaries is subject
to the same partisan gerrymandering as congressional
boundaries are in the US.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-15 09:58:09
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Florida Electorial defection threat! 
If you go back to the thread I started last week
'A strange election scenario', you'll find that I
raised this possibility the day after the election.
It would take at least two faithless electors to
swing the election to Gore. One would make it
a dead heat, and send the decision to Congress.
[It's been pointed out that Bush's lead in
Florida is less than the margin of error of
the various counting methods. For all rational purposes, the election there is
a tie. But elections are not a rational process,
and must arrive at single anointed winner. A
coin flip would be as fair as the various
machinations underway.]

@_date: 2000-11-15 11:16:38
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Florida Electoral defection threat! 
Do the numbers:
The electoral college standings are currently:
Bush: 246
Gore: 255
Undecided states:
Florida 25
New Mexico 5
Oregon 7
Total 538
If Bush gets Florida, but not OR & NM, he gets 270 votes,
and Gore gets 268. One Bush elector defecting puts both at 269, a dead heat.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-15 12:45:31
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Florida Electoral defection threat! 
You're correct on the 271, but I'm *sure* you didn't mean to
type 'Utah'.
Ok, two faithless electors would throw it to the house, and
three would make it Gore, as I said on the 8th.

@_date: 2000-11-16 15:55:51
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Aces high 
A few years ago, the Swedish parliment was divided between
two parties perfectly evenly. There were quite a number of votes where tie votes were
broken by coin toss.
(We have some follks over from our Stockholm office. We
were surprised that they were'nt more amused by our election (many outlanders are quite snide about it), and on asking, learned the above.)

@_date: 2000-11-17 13:27:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: What got censored today... (fwd) 
I see a small sign, with 3 lines of text. The middle row reads "DNS" pretty
clearly. The bottom appears to be "ROOT" . The top row is 4  characters.
I think the last three are "ASD" or "ASE". I think it may say BASE or CASE
So, one interpretation is but I'm far from certain about the first word. To bad the guy didn't get closer.

@_date: 2000-11-27 10:00:01
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Internet anonymity/pseudonymity meeting invitation 
Does anyone besides me find irony in having a 'get-to-know-you'
session for a group studying anonymity?
Will they allow masked attendees? Will the mailng list allow posts
from anonymous remailers, or is it closed? Is there a website to allow anonymous reading?
Practice what you preach....
Peter Trei
'The anarchists were highly disciplined....'

@_date: 2000-11-27 10:04:17
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: On 60" tonight 
60" Sixty seconds? Is that a real quickie version of 60' (Sixty
Notation counts (watch This Is Spinal Tap for another amusing
example of this type of goof-up).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-27 10:29:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
Um, governments and organized crime achieve this goal on a
regular basis.
Governments by having an effective monopoly on violence in a given area (George the Second bears the blood of over 300 people who presented no threat to society (they were already incarcerated)). Organized criminals by having the resources and manpower to
effectively separate the person ordering a hit from the person
doing the hit, and to cover up the evidence.
Beyond that, even non-distributed murders are often unsolved,
especially when there is no pre-existing link between murderer
and victim (eg, many serial killers).

@_date: 2000-11-27 11:16:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Giving the Devil the Benefit of Law (was: RE: Jim Bell arrested d 
I really find AP depressing. I find the arguments that it would only
be used against 'those that needed killing' faulty, in that everyone
has a different list. There are a lot of folk who would put crypto
anarchists on their list (as well as, say, Major League Baseball
umpires :-).
"Law", and 'legal systems', when they operate correctly, do provide
a brake on unpredictable and arbitrary violence. There is no question
that they can be, and are, severely misused by the rich and powerful
to their own ends. But not all the time, and not in all cases. Reading this thread makes me remember on of my favorite dramatic
Sir Thomas More, a lawyer.
Alice: His wife.
Margaret: His daughter.
Roper: His son-in-law.
They are discussing a man whom they regard as suspicious:
Margaret: "Father, the man is bad."
More:  "There's no law against that."
Roper: "There is a law against it. God's law."
More: "Then God can arrest him."
Roper: "Sophistication upon sophistication!"
More: "No. Sheer simplicity. The law, Roper, the law. I know Roper: "Then you set man's law against God's?"
More: "No. Far below. But let me draw your attention to a fact. Alice: "While you talk, he is gone."
More: "And go he should, if he was the Devil himself, until he Roper: "So now you'd give the Devil the benefit of law!"
More: "Yes. What would you do? Cut a great road through the law Roper: "I'd cut down every law in England to do that!"
More: "Oh? And when the last law was down, and the Devil turned There are too many Ropers on this list.

@_date: 2000-11-28 12:00:25
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: SnapSheild offers encrypted phone service. 
(Vin McLellan pointed this out to me).
Snapshield (formerly Microlink) is offering a product consisting of special box which sits on your phone line and special PBXs which allow 'end-to-end'  encrypted voice/fax etc, based on
DES (apparently single DES) and El-Gamal.
Calls to or from their Snapshield equipped phones are routed via a special PBX box which provides encryption between the PBX and the phone. If both phones support encryption, the entire link is encrypted. Their page is kind of light on details. In particular it's not clear whether
session keys are negotiated between the 'Snapgate' PBX box or
between two of the phone boxes. Since they support point-to-multipoint
calling, and indicate that monitoring is possible, I suspect the former.
For some users, this means that the Snapgate box is an unacceptable point of attack. I can't find any suggestion of
robust authentication, though I have not checked everything on their site.
They are targetting telcos (for people willing to outsource their
security) and large private networks.
Anyone have any more information or comments on this product?
Peter Trei
PS: Their webpage wants me to install a plugin called
Data Detective PC Search by Appletware. Anyone know
what it does? It sounds ominous.
pt Disclaimer: The above represent my personal opinions only.

@_date: 2000-11-29 17:53:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: CNN.com - U.S. Supreme Court strikes down drug roadblocks -   
>[Please don't post 64k of html when a URL would do]
No, just a reasonable man asking you not to piss where we drink.
Jim, you're being a jerk. When I post long texts, I post only the text, even if I have to pull the page source into emacs to do so.
If appropriate, I post the URL instead. This is common courtesy.
As you say, it's an open list. No one can actually stop you from
being a jerk except yourself. However, as your jerk index increases,
people gradually pay less and less attention to you. It hurts your
reputation, which is the closest thing to gold you possess in an
online form such as this.
There's a difference between (1) being a sheep, and (2) acting with
consideration; a difference which appears to be too subtle for you.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: It's just my opinion, OK?

@_date: 2000-11-30 11:26:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Non-flat-ascii mail [was: Sunders point on copyright infringement 
Jim: You are not a clueless newbie. Copy a URL out of the URL window of your
browser, and paste that into the text of your message. Similarly, cut &
paste text, and reformat it appropriately when neccesary. I spend considerable
doing this out of respect for my reader's time (most recently in the post
quoted from 'A Man for All Seasons').
It is, as I have said, common courtesy, and consideration for others. If you put in all the doodads you mention, the main effect will be that even fewer people will bother to read your messages. "I don't have words to express the frustration I have with straight ASCII
text" This sounds like the poor workman blaming his tools. All the great
literary works of the last 2000 years were done in flat ascii, but apparently it's too limiting a medium for your subtle insights. I guess the next thing you'll do is dictate your messages, and expect us to listen to your deathless prose in streaming audio (or maybe video :-)
What I really think is happening is this: You are a lazy jerk. You don't want to do anything harder than right-click the page in your browser, select 'Send Page', type in 'cypherpunks at einstein.ssz.com' and click 'Send'. This is a good example of 'the tragedy of the commons'. What you do
is locally optimzed - it's certainly faster for *you* to send the entire
page from Netscape, but you inflict significant costs on the *entire readership* in doing so, since they have to launch browsers, load
pages, set cookies, turn up in server logs, run java, run javascript, run ASP, install and run plugins etc. This not only takes extra time,
but wastes resources, and compromises the readers security and
Of course, if everyone behaved like you did, the list would grind
to a halt. But so long as you're the only one being a jerk, you win.
You're pissing where we all drink; even if this is acceptable to you,
you are rapidly sending your reputation down the toilet. Why should
people give any consideration to your views while you manifestly
give no consideration to their time, security, and privacy? Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-11-30 19:42:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: More mail format flames [was Re: Poe puzzle solved after 150 year 
You'd have a point, except.
1. Bob's entire letter is 5822 bytes; the original page, even
without the URL and mail headers, is 8453, for a saving of
32%. Still, I'd have prefered that Bob had edited it more
carefully, or just given the first few paragraphs and a link.
2. <=6k isn't all that much - the complaints against your
practice were started by a message many times as long
as this. 3. Bob posted the text, not an attachment. requiring
extra processing to view.
Generally, I'd like people to post only enough for me to
know whether or not I want to see the whole message, I can then go through appropriate anonymizers if needed
to see the whole message. You tend to publish only
a subject line, a URL, and THE ENTIRE PAGE as
an attachment.
I just sorted my unarchived cpunk's messages by size.
(the collection goes back to the beginning of May, and has 8060 messages. I delete obvious spam).
Of the 20 largest messages, you posted 13, including
all of the 6 largest. Others on the bandwidth hog list
include anonymous, Bill Payne (twice), Bob, A. Oellermann, Roy Silvernail, and Declan.

@_date: 2000-10-02 14:36:02
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Fw: Others are protecting freedom of speech too. 
The article is in this month or last month's Sci Am. Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-02 14:41:44
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: AES winner to be announced Monday. 
Careful on attributions. I did not say this - I quoted a usenet
posting which included this line. No harm done.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-03 10:48:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
[Warning in advance: I don't run a remailer, and never have, so what
follows could be labled uninformed speculation].
I would like to suggest that a remailer could eliminate nearly all it's problems by only sending out encrypted mails - that is, if after removing the encryption that was applied using it's own private
key, it finds that the result is plaintext, it simply drops the message.
This has some neat and useful properties.
* It eliminates spam. Spammers would have to encrypt each individual
message with the key of the recipient, which is too much hassle.
* It eliminates any possibility of the remailer knowing the content, which
alleiviates him/her of responsibility for that content. * The remailer still operates fine as a mid-chain remailer.
* All recipients need to have keypairs. They are thus at least somewhat
crypto-savvy people, and unlikely to place unreasonable requests on
the remailer or his/her ISP.
The only bad point:
* All recipients need to have key pairs. Thus, a crypto-only remailer can't be a terminal remailer to mailing lists, newsgroups, or individuals without keypairs.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-03 16:12:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
No, it's still a problem. The goals here are to insulate intermediaries
from responsibility for content, and make the intermediaries
unfriendly to spammers. With your suggestion, the responsibility
for content - and spamming - is dumped on the list-server or gateway owner, which is no better than dumping it on the
terminal remailer. I no more want to see a listserv or gateway
owner in trouble than I do a remailer operator.
Forwarding plaintext, or exploding plaintext to many recipients
is what can get you into trouble.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-03 17:47:24
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re:  Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2581 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2000-10-04 10:01:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
There's no way which can't be spoofed by a determined
opponent willing to send truly weird looking messages
(as I demonstrated in an earler post), but that's not the
point. I suggest that you just look for ascii-armouring - ie, long (>50 byte) printable character strings without embedded spaces. If the majority of the body has this format, then call it encrypted.
And/or look for the standard tag strings for smime or pgp
encrypted text, if you're worried about unencrypted but
uuencoded naughty pictures being sent.
You can't catch everything, but you can do reasonable due
diligence to stop spammers and filter out non-contrived unencrypted content. Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-04 10:45:27
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: VASCO gizmos 
Vasco uses DES (I don't know the details).
It's a minor player in the authentication token field.
RSA Security (my employer) has the largest share of
the market.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: I am not a spokesman for my employer, and
the above represent my opinion only.

@_date: 2000-10-05 10:33:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
So when is the HavenCo remailer going up?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-10 10:46:48
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Musings on AES and DES 
56-bit keys.
If you read the ostensible charter of the NSA, its duties include assisting
in the securing of US civilian communications. While I expect this mainly means
making sure that Boris & Natasha aren't tapping US internal comm links without permission, it can also be interpreted to make sure we aren't
using snakeoil ciphers. Making DES not suck seems well within the NSA
charter. In 1986, when the second recertification came up, I remember considerable
consternation over the key-length reduction to 56 bits, and the unexplained
tweaking of the S-boxes. There was serious discussion at the time that one
or both of these changes were done to introduce backdoors. You'd probably have to find a usenet archive from the period to confirm this. I seem to
reading somewhere that the extra (8?) bits in the original were shown not to
add to the security of the cipher. Clearly 56 was too short - Diffie &
published a paper to that effect in 1977. In the end, we now know that the tweaking prevented differential
but not linear cryptanalysis. DCA had apparently been discovered internally
at IBM (and presumably at NSA). LCA was not then known within IBM (whether it was known inside NSA is an interesting question :-)
I would not be suprised if 30 or 50 years down the road, we find out that
did its level best to ensure that the AES selection process picked the best
candidate. Equally, I would not be suprised to find that they already have some black cryptanalytic technique which can defeat it.  On the balance
I favor the former: the NSA is as aware as the rest of us of the huge cost
(both financial and security) of embedding a broken cipher in the
infrastructure of the nation.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-10 10:56:17
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: FBI: We Need Cyber Ethics Education 
Funny, reading the Subject line of this, I immediately
assumed that the FBI was belatedly admitting that it:
the *FBI* needed some 'cyber ethics education'. This
On another note, my Microsoft Exchange (spit)
mail client chopped off the 'FBI:' prefix on the
subject line of the reply - Any alphanumeric (unspaced) string terminated with ': " gets dropped. Sigh.....
[Yes, I know the article is a spoof]
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-11 13:53:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Think cash 
That's a really interesting question. My off-the-cuff answer would be 'no'. The constraints which say that the problem is randomly generated by a computer and the answer also evaluated by a computer are the killers. Any problem which one computer can create, and solve, can also be solved by another.
Perhaps one could generate the solution, and find a problem which is solved by that solution, but finding a type of problem which humans will always solve one way, and
computers another is the rub.
You refer the the problem of recognizing a photo of an animal. It used to be said that no computer program could reliably distinguish between a dog and a cat, but I'm not sure that's the case since the development of neural networks.
Almost any question which has a solution which is clear, unambiguous, and easy determined by a human can probably also be solved by either a regular program or a neural net.
What you are really attempting to find is a reliable, fast, single-question Turing test. I'm far from sure this is Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-12 10:12:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Burglar Politics, Tempesting PC's that watch TV and DVD regio 
Yep. Most laptops have a video card for attaching an external monitor,
with an unshielded port - they thus spray out monitor-driving RF signals
while they run, regardless of whether there is a monitor out there to
receive them. Of course, a *good* laptop design would power off the video card if it's
not in use, to extend battery life if nothing else. I don't know if they do
One of my home systems is a Compaq desktop with an LCD screen. It does *not* use a standard video cable: there is a pure digital interface for
the LCD. (I've never investigated as to whether I can seperately remove the
SVGA card or interface). Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-12 13:43:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Make legal threats, go to jail for 20 years cpunk 
While almost any law can be abused, I think you'd need a really
odd situation for normal people to be able to use this one abusively.
For civilians, as far as I can see, it means that filing a totally bogus
SLAPP suit, or (for example) threatening to make false reports of child abuse to get leverage in a divorce are now punishable beyond what they already are.
Let us remember who the greatest abusers of law and the legal
process are: LEAs and prosecutors. It appears to me that this
law is far more a curb on the behaviour of bad cops and
over-zealous DAs than anyone else.  DAs too often obtain false testimony against third parties or plea bargains by threatening trumped-up charges. Corrupt cops can similarly threaten false or totally overblown charges to obtain services from the weak and defenseless.
I suspect that in so far as far as any law can be considered 'good'
this is one of the less bad ones.
Of course, I rejoice that IANAL.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-13 10:18:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
A spammer (or your spammer's proxy) is not going to individually encrypt messages to thousands or
millions of end-recipients, each with their own public
key - the time factor makes this uneconomical, and the hassle factor of finding all the recipient public keys makes it impractical. Thus, only remailers which send out plaintext are useful to spammers
as exit remailers.
It is only exit remailers (ie, the remailer which sends
to the final recipient) which get hassled for sending
The goal is to make remailer operators life easier by
preventing them from being used to spam random
lusers, who may initiate complaints against the
remailer operator.
It is not to prevent spam passing through a remailer
somewhere in mid-cloud. While such encrypted
spam will increase the volume of traffic, for most
remailers that is a Good Thing - more material to
confuse the traffic analysis. As long as it gets dropped before leaving the remailer network, no
harm is done.
Steve understands this, as does every one else but
you. What's the problem?
Any remailer operator can decide not to pass along plaintext. So long as the
message sender is aware of this property, nothing more needs to be
There are no increased sysadmin issues.
No, there is not, beyond the fact that the message originator must know the final recipient's public key.
Jim, do you really understand how remailer chaining works?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-16 09:47:31
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Glass doors [was: Rijndael & Hitachi] cpunk 
I agree with Ed - let us not confuse our goals with our means. The goal is
have a door which is transparent - it lets those in look out (and, perhaps
coincidentally) those outside look in. It also acts as a window, letting
light into the house, and at night illuminating the door area from the
The goal is *not* to secure a door made out of glass. The goal is a
door. Go with Lexan.
I often find stepping back and saying 'exactly what are we actually trying
acheive here?' is a powerful tool for solving problems. Its all too easy to
try to add fixes to a bad solution, rather than find a different one.
Peter Trei
[Anyone remember the guy who proposed invasion proofing a home by
boobytrapping it with biowarfare agents, and somehow immunizing your
family against them?]
[I've dropped coderpunks and cryptography from the cc: list, since this
has gone *way* off-topic. - pt ]

@_date: 2000-10-16 11:45:00
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
This is the last time I'm going to respond to you on this
topic. Everyone else understands my point, and there's
a limit to how much effort I'm going to go to correct a
single obtuse individual.
$50 is nothing, of course. Requiring that each message to be encrypted with the final recipient's public key is far
from nothing. Sending 10^5 emails without encryption is trivial. Encrypting 10^5 emails is far from trivial. We're raising the cost to the spammer far more than we're adding to the effort of the remailer operator. You speak of gatewaying - who exactly is going to set up a free gateway to encrypt 10^5 messages, each to a different public key? All that does is shift the cost to the gatewayer; it does not eliminate it. Jim: go back to the genesis of this thread. The discussion was along the lines of "There are
too few remailers. Why?"
Among of the reasons cited are that remailer operators often get shut down by their ISPs or network poviders because of complaints from end recipients of messages -
they get spam, threats, illegal material, etc. It does
not matter that the remailer keeps no logs; the end
recipients mail server does, and that's enough for the
recipient's ISP (or the LEAs) to take action.
This situation not only gets remailers shut down; it
discourages people from starting them in the first place. My proposal makes using the remailer for
spam economically prohibitive, and ensures that
the only recipients are crypto-aware types, who are
far less likely to misunderstand what's going on
than J. Random Luser.
There you go again... Please read the thread. The goal
is not to 'stop spammers'. It's to 'Stop actions against remailers, some of which are caused by their misuse as spam conduits'. Preventing spam from exiting the remailers achieves that goal. That's true. The use of doomed (since they'll be dropped before they leave the network) spam messages as cover traffic is something that occured to me as I wrote the letter. It is a nice side effect of my proposal, as
long as spammers continue to send doomed spam into the
Same as it always was.
No Jim, I'm not talking about decreasing the load due to spam. I'm talking about making life easier for remailer operators. In the long run, it'll reduce spam as well, since spammers will learn not to include remailers which send
only encrypted mail in their remailer chains. A remailer operator can operate his remailer in any way he or she wants, and so long as they publish their policies
and adhere to them, there is no basis for anyone to criticize them (this is a thing called 'freedom').
Jim: I think I'm beginning to appreciate the depth of your lack of comprehension.
Remailers do not encrypt anything. All the encryption steps are done by the originator of the message - successively encrypting the message with public
key of the recipient (an optional step in current
remailers), and then by the public key of each remailer in the chain working back to the originator.
Each remailer decrypts the message with it's private key,
All it knows is to send the inner contents on to the next remailer in the chain, or to the final recipient. This is how remailer chaining works today.
The only change I propose is that, if after applying it's
own public key to decrypt a message, the remailer notices
that the decrypted material does not match one of the well
known formats for encrypted messages (ie, it is likely
plaintext), that it drop the message. I won't discuss the
recognition algorithm here, since I have already done so
and others have even published sample code. It can be done.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-17 09:53:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
These being 'interesting times', life imitates art:
The Official Monster Raving Loony Party has actually run
candidates in Britain, and obtained votes (but not won
any seats, so far as I know).
The North American Silly Party Homepage.
Doesn't look like this is a real one, but you could
send mail to TarquinFintimlinbinwhinbimlimBusStopPoontangPoontangOleBiscuit-Barrel at sillyp
JethroQBunnWhackettBuzzardStubbleandBootWalrustitty at sillyparty.com, or
RaymondLuxuryYacht at sillyparty.com
to find out.
For a real and extensive list of US  parties, try
which includes such oddities as the Libertarian National Socialist Green Party Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-18 16:28:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
To expand on this, in the early years, access was only for people doing
DoD funded work - either defense contractors, or universities with DoD
funding. It was even argued that non work-related email was forbidden
(and the SF-Lovers Digest - the first large mailing list - existed only
sub-rosa for it's early years). Usenet was a bit later - early to mid-80's I think.
But there were a lot of earlier problems...
In those days, there were no ISPs. You got access through a university or
a contractor, or not at all. Around 1990, email portals were permitted to
some of the large commercial BBS systems - BIX, Delphi, Compuserve,
etc - later Usenet was also gatewayed (I date the 'death of the net' to
this period). At this time, the typical user used a terminal emulation program (vt100)
to dial into a Unix box, and then used Unix CLI tools to access net
services from that point. If you wanted to get something from the
Unix box to your PC, you used sneakernet or Kermit.
Finally, NSF and DARPA got out of the net, and commercial backbone providers took over. ISPs started to appear. However, the net was still hard to use, and very much a geek's toy. If
you doubt this, consider that until the early 90's, all access was still via command line interfaces - rn for news, ftp for file transfer,
telnet for remote access,  a variety of packages for mail (all flat text). Even if you owned a PC, you still had to buy and set up a
modem, buy and install a TCP stack (not included in DOS or
Windows), and obtain some initial tools (ftp clients most critically -
with ftp you could bootstrap yourself).
It was not until the WWW that 'the lights came on' and suddenly
the net was something that non-geeks could expect to use and
navigate effectively.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-18 17:44:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
Been there, done that, got the credit. I was one of the original developers
of Apple Kermit (in 6502 assembler) at Columbia University. Amongst other
things, I added pseudo lowercase support (Apple ]['s had only capital
Apple Kermit included a VT52 emulator (on a 24x40 screen :-). If you look in
Frank daCruz's "The Kermit Book" you'll find my name buried in the
The Arpanet at 300 baud taught patience.....
Actually, by 86, the Mac was out, as was the PC/AT and (I think) the Amiga. These were much more capable machines than the Apple ][.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-19 10:11:34
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance (was: why should it be trusted?) cpunk 
While by default I hold libertarian positions, doing so sometimes
requires uncomfortable contortions.
Who, for example, should the inhabitants of Tuvalu sue for rising
sea levels? Neighbouring territories for failing to prevent excess
seawater from crossing their mid-ocean border? Arctic nations for sloppy handling of the runoff from their melting icecaps? The rest of the human race for burning too much stuff? Me for driving a Sometimes ownership is so distant and diluted that
individual responsibility is impossible to establish, yet the
problems are real, and significant.
[This is just an example, ok? Lets NOT fork into a debate over
the reality (or lack thereof) of global warming.]
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-19 12:19:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Assuming, of course, that the birth records accurately reflect parentage. If you take a course in human genetics you're likely to be astonished at the
rate of fooling around that must occur to account for the appearence of
within families - I've heard that as high as 10% of firstborns must have had
a father different than the one on the birth certificate (no, I can't give
you a

@_date: 2000-10-19 16:47:59
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: why should it be trusted? cpunk 
Curiously, life and health insurance providers have conflicting goals. Life
insurance providers profit most if you live a long, long, time, regardless
of the quality of that life.
Health insurance providers would much prefer that at some age just before
you start needing large amounts of care, you die too rapidly to need
any kind of treatment - a sudden coronary, or hit by the proverbial bus.
I've heard that smokers actually cost the healthcare system less money than
non-smokers, since they die comparatively rapidly once they start to
deteriorate (no I can't give a cite on that one, either), and need less
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-24 16:49:11
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: FW: House Republicans consider Census database, from NY Times 
The last time they did this, tens of thousands of law
abiding American citizens were placed in prison camps,
for no reason other than their ethnicity.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-24 17:05:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Congress proposes raiding census records. 
Let us remember that the last time the privacy of
census records were violated on this scale, they were used to imprison tens of thousands
of law abiding American citizens, whose only crime was to have Japanese ancestry.
Peter Trei
(free registration required)
New York Times, 23 October, 2000
My Data, Mine to Keep Private
By LINDA R. MONK
  WASHINGTON -- I was one of those paranoid Americans
who chose not to answer all questions on the long form of
the 2000 census. My husband and I decided that the
government did not need to know, or had other ways of
finding out, what time we left for work, how much our
mortgage payment was or the amount of our income that came
from wages. We were willing to risk the $100 fine to take a
stand for individual privacy in an increasingly nosy and
automated age.
Editorial writers across the nation chided people like us
for being so silly, insisting that only right-wing nuts with
delusions of jackbooted federal invaders could possibly
object to the census. Think of all the poor women who need
day care and disabled people who depend on public
transportation, we were told. And don't listen to the
warnings of Trent Lott, the Senate majority leader -
they're just another Republican ploy to get a low count on
the census.
Now, however, my concerns don't appear quite so
ridiculous. The Congressional Budget Office, with the
surprising help of some Congressional Republicans, is
angling to get its hands on Census Bureau files. The budget
office wants to create a "linked data set" on individuals -
using information from the Internal Revenue Service, Social
Security Administration and Census Bureau surveys - to help
it evaluate proposed reforms in Medicare and Social
Under current law, census data on individuals can be used
only to benefit the Census Bureau, which has balked at
turning over files to the budget office without greater
assurances of individual privacy. However, the Congressional
number crunchers are not taking no for an answer.
Republicans may tack an amendment allowing Congress access
to census data onto an appropriations bill before Congress
adjourns for the elections.
The records the budget office wants are not themselves from
the 2000 Census; they are voluntary responses to monthly
surveys, with confidentiality promised. Forcing the bureau
to give them up would set a disturbing precedent. Commerce
Secretary Norman Mineta, who supervises the Census Bureau,
warned Congress this month that amending the census law
would "seriously compromise" the department's ability to
safeguard taxpayers' privacy and "to assure continued high
response rates of the American public to census surveys."
Chip Walker, a spokesman for Representative Dan Miller, a
Florida Republican who chairs the House subcommittee on the
census, sees no problem with congressional access to census
data. "The Census Bureau is the government, and Congress is
the government," he said.
Well, that's exactly what I'm afraid of. It's not surprising
that a federal agency that stockpiles information would be
raided by other federal agencies. If Congress changes the
census law, the government will be well on its way to
becoming another Amazon.com, which abruptly and
retroactively weakened its privacy policy this year. I
expected as much, because I don't believe either the
government or businesses when they promise me
privacy. That's why I routinely lie about personal
information when applying for shoppers' discount cards and
the like. And it's why I don't answer invasive questions on
census forms. Keep your hands off my data set.

@_date: 2000-10-25 10:10:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: why should it be trusted? 
Nathan, have you ever actually looked at socialized medicine? It's fine for some things, but not for others. Illnessess which can be cured and which curing will return a person to productive labour get treated - after a while. Illnessess which strike late in life and/or
require expensive treatment get much shorter shrift. Britain's NHS record on cancer treatment is a national disgrace. Why do you think Austin Power's teeth were a running joke? The state of British (ie, socialized NHS) dentistry  lags *far* behind the US, especially in the area of orthodontics.
Canadians like their socialized system, but any Canadian who gets sick knows that (for a price) they can get faster, better treatment in the US. There are more MRI machines in single US cities than in all of Canada, and the waiting lists up there can outlast an Albertan winter.
The sad truth is that cost of the best medical care has exceeded the ability of the average person to afford it. (When I say 'average' I mean the arithmetic mean of incomes, so robbing the rich to treat the poor still won't get everyone the best possible care). Regardless of how we choose to finance it, there will remain many people whose lives could have been improved by treatments which were not performed due to reasons of cost.
Once you recognize that medical care *must* be rationed, the question
is how, and by who. The majority of the subscribers to this list are
anarcho-capitalists and/or libertarians, and abhor any taking by force.
Your socialist outlook is very much a minority viewpoint, and I don't
think you're going to change anyones mind.
The solution to this problem is not to propose different ways to slice up the too-small pie - it's to expand the pie. The greater the
wealth, the more people who can afford good care. People who are
responsible for their own welfare (and enslaved to the welfare of others) have the best chance of acheiving wealth.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-25 12:43:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: why should it be trusted? 
I've read various stories (mostly in New Scientist and The Economist)
about people being refused expensive chemotherapy by the NHS.
I stand corrected. The fact remains that bad teeth are part of the American stereotype of Britons.
... and you have a continuous brain drain of doctors to the greener fields
of the US. Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-25 19:19:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: CIA in Oregon, Intelink 
Well, you *could* call up Mr. Dan and ask (the worst he could do is lie), but that would be too easy, wouldn't it?
The most likely suspect appears to be a BXA advisory body. Of course, acronyms can get overloaded :-)
Since the duties of this ISTAC appear to include advising BXA
on encryption, I think it's relevant to the list.
google gives:
suggests ISTAC = Information Systems Technical Advisory Committee
That page also has links to minutes from the public parts of meetings, (which are held in DC) The next ISTAC meeting is November 15 &16,
and is partially open to the public.
Here's some cut&paste text
                          WHAT ARE TECHNICAL ADVISORY COMMITTEES?
                      Technical Advisory Committees (TACs) advise the
Department of Commerce
                      on the technical parameters for export controls
applicable to dual-use
                      commodities and technology and on the administration
of those controls.
                      The TACs are composed of representatives from industry
and Government
                      representing diverse points of view on the concerns of
the exporting
                      community. Industry representatives are selected from
firms producing a
                      broad range of goods, technologies, and software
presently controlled for
                      national security, foreign policy, nonproliferation,
and short supply reasons
                      or that are proposed for such controls, balanced to
the extent possible among
                      large and small firms.                           HOW ARE MEMBERS CHOSEN?
                      TAC members are appointed by the Secretary of Commerce
and serve terms
                      of not more than four consecutive years. The
membership reflects the
                      Department's commitment to attaining balance and
diversity. TAC members
                      must obtain secret-level clearances prior to
appointment. These clearances
                      are necessary so that members can be permitted access
to relevant classified
                      information needed in formulating recommendations to
the Department of
                      Commerce. Each TAC meets approximately 4 times per
year. Members of the
                      TACs will not be compensated for their services.                           HOW MANY TACS ARE THERE, AND WHAT DO THEY DO?
                      The following is a list of TACs that currently advise
BXA, along with a
                      short summary of each TAC's issue areas. You can
access the
                      committee's charter by clicking on its name.                          1.Information Systems - Articles, materials and
supplies of computers
                           electronics, and telecommunications equipment.                          2.Materials - Articles, materials, and supplies for
radar absorption, jet
                           engine turbines blades, super- conductivity,
fluids, lubricants,
                           composites, and for nuclear, missile, chemical,
and biological
                           weapons, including technical data and other
information.                          3.Materials Processing Equipment - Articles,
materials and supplies of
                           metal-working equipment, numerically controlled
machine tools and
                           robots, including technical data on the
integration of numerically
                           controlled machine tools and robotics equipment
to form
                           manufacturing cells and flexible manufacturing
systems and enterprise
                           automation technologies, as well as other
information.                          4.Regulations and Procedures - The Export
Administration Regulations
                           (EARs) and procedures implementing these
regulations.                          5.Sensors and Instrumentation - Articles, materials
and supplies of
                           sensors and instrumentation, including technical
data and other
                           information.                          6.Transportation and Related Equipment - Articles,
materials and
                           supplies of transportation and related equipment,
including technical
                           data and other information.

@_date: 2000-10-30 10:02:36
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: digital angel (tracking device) 
Go check out Harlan Ellison's short story "Repent Harlequin! cried the Tick
Man". This is really life imitating art.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-31 11:06:32
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
I can't help but feel that this is a weakening of ZK's position
regarding privacy. The critical paragraph is:
I don't want to be 'assured that a company is doing what it
claims' (with my personal information). Companies change
policies at whim. What a firm's founder may fervently believe could become a curio of corporate history after the
next board meeting. Look at Amazon's recent policy
change, for example. Also, data in the possession of a
corporation and me is always less secure than information
possessed only by me.
Instead of being assured that the company is acting in
accordance with their stated policy du jour (or at least, their lawyers' spin on it), I want to know that they CAN'T abuse my personal data, because the don't have any. That is the confidence which ZK's original scheme was intended to produce, and which the introduction of this plan seems to seems to suggest is no longer considered a high priority at ZKS.
It may be that the ZK's product 'Freedom' is proving a
financial bust (I won't use it until I can buy nyms for cash at CompUSA). I understand the drive to meet
payroll and pay off VCs, but I can't help but be
I understand that some transactions require more state
than "Here's an order, some money, and a shipping
address", but in a great many cases, corporations
by policy ask far more than this. The most egregious example I've seen is a cheap travel site which, when you register, suggests that you tell them your 'favorite
internet password' as a key to get get back to your
I hope that ZKS's new service doesn't simply "culminate in the deployment of a tailored privacy layer that
 integrates seamlessly with the client's existing enterprise
 applications"....
but rather looks at their business and informs them of the
absolute minimum of data they need to acquire, and how
long to keep that data, if they need to keep it at all. I don't
want to rely on a 'privacy layer' under the control of an
entity which will profit from silently circumventing it, or
be subject to leaks and third party seizures of data. Peter Trei
Disclaimer: The above represents my personal opinions

@_date: 2000-10-31 13:16:51
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Visit a hacked site, loose your computers. 
It'll probably be slashdotted by the time you get to it, but
Andres Salomon, a fairly clued in RPI student, heard on
IRC that the Yankees website had been hacked. He
checked it out, noted some well-known Red Hat security holes, and came to the conclusion that
there had been a DNS redirect attack. Total time:
5 minutes.
The next day, the FBI raided his dorm room and
seized his computers (along with a copy of ORA's
DNS & BIND).
He described them as 'nice' -after all, they left
him his CD-Rs of mp3, divx & pr0n.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-10-31 15:49:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: Visit a hacked site, loose your computers. 
Read the article. Of course the time is well known, and the logs
are stamped. You are naive, though, if you beleive that will stop
an LEA from trashing the lives of innocents...
...and of course they'll get away with it.
[Now, I'm not excusing the FBI's jackboot tactics in this case,
but I will point out that Mr. Salomon poked at 'unusual' ports,
and zone transfered yankee.com during his investigation. An
IDS might well trigger an attack alert under those conditions.
The government's theft of his property after all this was explained, is of course inexcusable.]

@_date: 2000-09-06 10:10:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RSA Security releases RSA algoritm into public domain two weeks e 
Wednesday September 6, 8:03 am Eastern Time
Press Release
SOURCE: RSA Security Inc.
RSA Security Releases RSA Encryption Algorithm into Public Domain
'c = m(e) mod n' Made Available Two Weeks Early
BEDFORD, Mass., Sept. 6 /PRNewswire/ -- RSA Security
Inc. (Nasdaq: RSAS - news) today announced it has released the
RSA public key encryption algorithm into the public domain,
allowing anyone to create products that incorporate their own
implementation of the algorithm. This means that RSA Security has
waived its rights to enforce the patent for any development
activities that include the RSA algorithm occurring after
September 6, 2000.
Represented by the equation "c = m(e) mod n," the RSA algorithm
is widely considered the standard for encryption and the core
technology that secures the vast majority of the e-business
conducted on the Internet. The U.S. patent for the RSA algorithm
( "Cryptographic Communications System And Method")
was issued to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) on
September 20, 1983, licensed exclusively to RSA Security and
expires on September 20, 2000.
"So much misinformation has been spread recently regarding the
expiration of the RSA algorithm patent that we wanted to create
an opportunity to state the facts," said Art Coviello, chief
executive officer of RSA Security. "RSA Security's
commercialization of the RSA patent helped create an entire
industry of highly secure, interoperable products that are the
foundation of the worldwide online economy.  Releasing the RSA
algorithm into the public domain now is a symbolic next step in
the evolution of this market, as we believe it will cement the
position of RSA encryption as the standard in all categories of
wired and wireless applications and devices. RSA Security intends
to continue to offer the world's premier implementation of the
RSA algorithm and all other relevant encryption technologies in
our RSA BSAFE software solutions and we remain confident in
our leadership in the encryption market."
For nearly two decades, more than 800 companies spanning a range
of global industries have turned to RSA Security as a trusted,
strategic partner that can provide the proven, time-tested
encryption implementations and resources designed to speed time
to market. These companies, including nearly 200 so far in 2000,
rely on RSA BSAFE security software for its encryption
implementation and value-added services for a broad range of B2B,
B2C and wireless applications.
During the past 17 years, RSA Security has incorporated the
concepts represented by the RSA algorithm into its RSA BSAFE
cryptographic software. The company has made continuous
enhancements to the way the algorithm has been implemented,
including a number of performance improvements and optimizations,
not reflected in the original patent, for a wide range of
software applications, operating systems and chip designs. RSA
Security also is an industry leader in developing standards on
the robust application of encryption technologies for solving
real-world problems. These core standards, known as the Public
Key Cryptography Standards (PKCS), form the underpinnings of
today's most widely used communication methods.
In recent years, encryption technology has taken on an entirely
new level of importance in the world of business and consumer
technology, and RSA Security continues to be a leader in the
industry. Once the province of a small group of technologists and
mathematicians, new developments have raised the profile of
encryption among a broad range of audiences. Moving forward,
electronic signature legislation, export regulation and the
pending selection of the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) all
will contribute significantly to encryption playing a key role in
the further expansion of e-commerce initiatives for B2B, B2C and
extended enterprise applications.
For more information regarding the RSA algorithm and a free RSA
algorithm t-shirt, visit About RSA Security Inc.
RSA Security Inc., The Most Trusted Name in e-Security(TM), helps
organizations build secure, trusted foundations for e-business
through its RSA SecurID two-factor authentication, RSA BSAFE
encryption and RSA Keon public key management systems. With
more than a half billion RSA BSAFE-enabled applications in use
worldwide, more than seven million RSA SecurID users and almost
20 years of industry experience, RSA Security has the proven
leadership and innovative technology to address the changing
security needs of e-business and bring trust to the new, online
economy. RSA Security can be reached at NOTE: This press release contains forward-looking statements
relating to the role of the RSA algorithm encryption and the
expansion of e-commerce. Such statements involve a number of
risks and uncertainties. Among the important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by
such forward-looking statements are delays in product
development, technical difficulties, software bugs and errors,
competitive pressures, changes in customer and market
requirements and standards, market acceptance of new
technologies, technological changes in the computer industry,
general economic conditions and the risk factors detailed from
time to time in RSA Security's periodic reports and registration
statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including without limitation RSA Security's Annual Report on Form
10-K filed on March 15, 2000 and its Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q filed on August 14, 2000.
RSA, BSAFE, Keon and SecurID are registered trademarks, and The
Most Trusted Name in e-Security is a trademark of RSA Security
Inc.  All other products and services mentioned are trademarks of
their respective companies.
SOURCE: RSA Security Inc.

@_date: 2000-09-06 11:40:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: [Apologies] RE: RSA Security releases ... cpunk 
I don't know why the post is appearing multiple times, and
I'm as annoyed about it as you are.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-07 10:06:12
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: Permutations in DES 
My understanding is that the initial permutation, (which essentially
writes the 64 bits of key in a 8 x 8 block by column and row,
then reads it out by row and column) was included to simplify
early DES chip hardware. It has no impact on the security of the algorithm. If you know what you are doing, it does not effect key agility in software implementations. Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-12 11:31:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: [OT] California senator tries to mandate remote kill switches for 
The California legislature recently considered a law
(it apparently died in committee this year) which would mandate that all cars in the state be fitted with a device, which upon recieving an encrypted signal by laser or radio, would kill the engine. The apparent goal is to prevent car chases. The, bill, introduced by (State?) Senator Speier, is at There is substantial discussion at
The bill requires that cars sold in the state after 2004 have the system, and cars registered after 2007 be retrofitted if neccessary.
It would be a crime to fail to fit or maintain it, or to bypass it.
It includes a provision to allow any peace officer to stop any
car at any time to inspect the system, without any mention
of warrants or probable cause.
I may write something for RISKS Digest about this.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-12 14:23:34
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Voluntary Mandatory Taxes 
Tim wrote
A nit on a nit: This is ~300% tax, not ~400%. Consider: 10 pounds worth
(to the refiner/dealer) of petrol yeilds s the British government about 30 pounds of taxes. ie, 300% of the cost of the item.
It's still mind-boggling that a nominally free people will put up with this
of organized theft.
Peter

@_date: 2000-09-13 10:41:34
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: MPAA honeypot (Re: MPAA thinks linking is illegal [cpunk] 
[I'm seeing a *large* number of messages yesterday and today which apparently have sat on some spool for around 2 weeks. In some cases, responses to these messages got through rapidly, but the original did not.]
Last weekend, someone spammed the DeCSS code to all or most
of the the comp.* usenet newsgroups. Deja has already removed all
of the original posts, but not messages which quote the original - for
example, the post noting this as a spam event contains the entire
source, and is still up. [It's possible that the posting had an x-no-archive header, but I doubt

@_date: 2000-09-13 11:06:56
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Is kerberos broken? cpunk 
This is nonsense. The wordspace of languages is large enough that it's easy to compose perfectly reasonable texts which are highly resistant to dictionary attacks.
For one of my leisure time activities, I have to memorize set texts
up to 15 minutes long. I'm expected to give these letter perfect, and
I do. Here's an example of a good passphrase:
"David grossly underestimates the ability of homo sapiens to memorize
and exactly reproduce long texts. An examination of American high school students ability to perform the Gettysburg Address is a
good counterexample."
222 bytes, more or less. Even if we assume only 1bit of entropy per
character (it's ordinary english), that's a pretty tough space to search.
It's a safe bet that those two sentences have never been placed
together in all of human history before now, so there's no dictionary
to check.
The problem is not that passphrases *can't* be made secure -
the problem is that most people are unwilling to use good ones. Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-14 09:57:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Is kerberos broken? cpunk 
My passphrases are of substantial length. As for enterprise logins, 'we have a solution to that problem' :-)
It's interesting - structure reduces the entropy by making things
but also makes them capable of memorization, despite non-trivial amounts
of remnant entropy.

@_date: 2000-09-15 14:18:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: FWD: ETSI releases some digital phone crypto algorithms. 
Some of these are downloadable (f8,f9 and kasumi), but others have fees and/or irksome confidentiality agreements.
Peter Trei
Bruce Schneier Thu 11:13 AM
The European Telecommunication Standards Institute (ETSI) has made a
bunch of encryption algorithms public:
My guess is that most of these are breakable, and that a good break
paper is publishable.

@_date: 2000-09-15 14:29:38
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Crypto events 22-24 Sept in Bay Area? 
I've been stupid (no suprise to those who know me :-). Last week I booked a ticket out to SFO assuming the RSA party
would be on Saturday the 23rd. As we now know, it's actually on the 21st.
Unfortunately, I booked through priceline.com, and their policy is
"no refunds, no transfers, no modifications" (yes, they're up front about
this - I can't claim it was buried in the fine print).
I'm debating whether to 1. Blow off the whole thing, and write off the ticket as an (fairly
lesson. I'd go to the Harvard Club event anyway.
2. Come out Friday, even though I miss the party. 3. Use 20k of FFM on USAir to get to the party 2 hours late, and stay till
Monday. (I've booked this, but that, at least, is cancellable.)
I'm resistant to a long trip  (family/job obligations at home),
but if there's a bunch of interesting crypto related events aside from the party on Thursday, I may come out anyway.
Any suggestions?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-18 13:10:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: was: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
Doctors, lawyers, teachers... All three groups share a certain property:
They have effective control over who may practice their profession. In
their own self-interest, they act to stifle competition. There are, of
weasel words to justify this: 'maintaining standards' being the most common ones.
Teacher's unions rail against merit pay and vouchers, which would provide
some notion of a competitive market in education. The unions insist on a seniority system. They even attempt to ban volunteer part-time teachers
on 'quality' grounds, so you can't go in and give a computer class if
you wanted to, since you don't have a teaching degree.
Similar points can be made about doctors, and the use of IANAL indicates
the fevered grip the bar associations have on legal advice and
Howver, the teaching and medical professions can't act to increase their
feedstock - uneducated-as-yet children and ailing people respectively. Idle tort lawyers can, and do, dream up new ways to sue and generally make the world a nastier place as they enrich themselves.
Only rulers are worse. Imagine if the software business were like this - that the programmers of the late 40's had formed an American Programmers Association, and it was unlawful for anyone without APA certification to write code for money. Ditto for using software not blessed by the APA. Entrance to the hallowed membership would, of course, require a four year electrical engineering degree followed by a post graduate degree from an accredited computer school. I'll leave it to others to imagine the world with an APA. I think it would
be a much poorer place.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: the above represents my opinion only. IANAL.

@_date: 2000-09-19 11:02:45
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Excerpt of Mark Summerfield's 'Letter from 2020' 
I try to remember what it was like when I was a kid but it's
really difficult; the world has changed so much since
then. I found a paper book the other day that described the
rise and fall of something called the "Internet". It started
out with people putting up links on computers so that they
could follow the link and read things on other computers for
free. After it got to be popular, companies started to
create machines with lots of links that you could search to
find things of interest. But someone put up a link to
something illegal and got sued and had their machine shut
down. This happened a few times and people started to take
the links off their machines. The search engine companies
were the first to go and without them, you couldn't find
anything. Eventually no one put up links anymore because the
legal risk was too great. The important thing is that it
reduced terrorism. I'm not sure how it could have worked
anyway. Anything I write on my computer or any music I
create gets stored by Word.NET and Music.NET in encrypted
formats to protect my privacy. No one but me, Microsoft.NET
and the National Corporation can read or hear my stuff even
if they could link to it.
I shouldn't admit it, but sometimes I go to certain places
and speak to the subversives. I know its wrong but their
warped views on things have some kind of morbid
fascination. For example, I spoke to someone who claimed to
be a historian the other day. She had courage all right,
admitting to an illegal activity like that. I hadn't
understood why it was illegal until she explained. History,
she told me, gives you context. You can compare today with
some time in the past; ask questions like, "are people
better off", "look at the different forms of doing
business", "compare corporate records or the rights of
citizens" (I think she meant employees).

@_date: 2000-09-21 09:41:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: -C-P- Re: would it be so much to ask.. CPUNK 
At the last go-around of this topic (how to reduce the spam problem)
I proposed appending CPUNK to messages. Appending a tag has much better properties than prepending. It doesn't break sorting by subject line,
it is automatically in the correct position in replies, and is generally
All tags are ugly, but some are worse than others.
I still occasionally add CPUNK to my subject lines (as I did in this
message) Have we finally beaten Mr. Assymetric into silence?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-25 11:43:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Guilding programmers. 
Funny how threads mutate. Back when I started the
topic, it was in a thread called "And you thought Nazi
agitprop was controversial". It's now mutated to
" Re: Rebirth of Guilds" and is dicussing the
freedom of lesbians to kiss in ballparks.
Anyway, my main point (which was immediately lost
in a discussion of certification programs for software
engineers) was that whenever society permits some
members of a profession to exclude other people from
entering that profession, save in conformity to the prior
members' "standards", you get high cost and/or low
quality service. Lawyers and physicians do it through
their professional organizations; and teachers through
their closed shop union contracts. There are many other
Evil Studio Executive Secretary: "Get that projector out
of here! We don't work with anyone who isn't properly
Mike Jittlov: (sotto voce) "You mean *gelded*." Peter Trei
(who, for the record, does *not* have an engineering
degree, electrical or otherwise. My degree is in

@_date: 2000-09-27 09:27:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my...  
Can you document this claim of the existance of 'help fields' in
Netscape? I am (to put it mildly) astonished by this claim, and
more than a little skeptical. I was aware of the Workfactor
Reduction field in the export 'aka International' version of Lotus Notes
(which this 'help field' seems identical to), but was not aware
of it being included in any other application.
If you can document this, I'm seriously interested in following up.
Peter Trei
RSA Security Inc.
ptrei at rsasecurity.com

@_date: 2000-09-28 15:17:31
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my...  
I don't accept this. You should be able to: generate traffic dumps pointing to the 'help field', and showing where it fits within the SSL
specifications. This is hardly rocket science.  There is no need to
compromise anyone whatsoever. Put forward the evidence, so we
can independently confirm it.
This sort of thing happens every year or two on this list. Someone
makes a claim which, if true, has interesting and/or important
implications. However, the nature of the claim is one which is
quite capable of verification. The onus is placed on the claiment
to 'put up or shut up'. Usually, they shut up. Examples of
such claims include:
* PGP has a secret backdoor. (OK: Here's the source: Where is it?)
* gcc is hacked to stick secret backdoors into PGP. (OK: Here's the source:
Where is it?)
* All gcc binaries will stick the PGP hacking code into gcc when compiling
     (Here's a dump: show us.)
* Emily Dickinson hid her boyfriends initials in her poems. So I call upon you: Put up or Shut up.
Huh? "Doesn't talk about it"? It was announced with fanfare at the RSA Data Security conference a few years ago. There were press
releases. It was widely discussed on this list. I invented the term
'espionage enabled' to describe this kind of application. Lotus got
a lot of flack about it, but persisted. Some customers even bought
it, noteably the Swedish government (See Risks Digest
Well, it could mean that they want to use Web features available in later versions but not in earlier ones. Or maybe there are known security holes in earlier editions. Wells Fargo has actually been ahead of the curve at times: they were one of the first sites to
require 128 bit encryption.
Is it after BXA? Bruce notes that the stories are all at least two years
which would place them in very early 1997 at latest. I can't remember when
the switch took place. Of course, if LG was doing this (and I have no real
doubt that the NSA might try), it's excreable, but what is the relevance to
products today? He can no longer seriously threaten to hold up export.
Actually, I know of at least one other case where a major exec at a
crypto company threw NSA people out on their ears after they offered to write some software to help with a project.
I think you're confusing two different types of subversion.
1. Company policy based subversion.
This is the type where word comes down from above to put in 'helper
fields', etc. I can't see this happening in any company which was not
simply a LEA front (such as Crypto-AG). The liability would be simply
too great, the exposure too likely. This would require a large number
employees and former employees to know, yet keep their mouths shut. When exposed, the officers of the company would be subject
to criminal fraud and conspiracy charges, as well a variety of civil
suits. It's simply a non-starter. Lew Giles can make as many pleas
as he wishes; but I don't think he'll get many results.
2. Individual treachery.
This type involves corrupting one or more engineers, whether via money,
threats, or misplaced appeals to patriotism. This is more likely to succeed in the short term than type 1, but is very fragile for several reasons familiar to anyone who has done commercial software development.
* Peer code reviews mean that many eyes look at the code.
* Employee turnover in the field is high - 30-50% year. Thus, bugs
  inserted by earlier compromised employees are unlikely to
  last through many release cycles, as new employees come in
  and say 'Oops - Joe forgot to init the PRNG properly - lets fix
  that!'
* Source code management systems make it very difficult to a single
  actor to monkey with code secretly, and even harder to cover his
  tracks. Actually, it's pretty clear what happened with most of those cases
where companies were allowed to ship strong crypto overseas
before most of the restrictions were lifted. They all involved products
where at least one party of the communications was a large
organization or company which was subject to, and could be counted
on complying with, sub poenas and court orders. Thus the authorities
had another route by which to acquire content in which they were
interested. I have little doubt that government organizations have attempted to
subvert commercial crypto at various times in various ways. However,
the 'help fields' you describe are simply implausible in open protocols
such as SSL. Again, I ask you to point to the evidence. I and others
have already run the searches you suggested and come up dry. Where
are the URLs?
As it stands, you are spreading FUD. Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-29 11:18:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: visor phone vs. starium?  
I'm going to have to remember that line :-)
Well, the Visor GSM phone plugin creates a relatively small increase in the
size of the visor, based on photos. I carry both a cellphone and a Palm constantly, and the Visor device looks less bulgy than carrying both. It
be helpful from that point of view.
The earlier Qualcomm PDQ phone/palmpilot is like carrying a brick in your pocket by comparison (I've got one in my desk - I don't use
I'd use it, but the price point sucks.
Well, on the visor speech input comes through the Visor's built-in
mike, so it may be available to the processor for manipulation.
The sound output is on a speaker built into the GSM phone module,
and I kind of doubt if the data is available to a user program.
You really need to get into a funny place in the stack - below A/D
conversion, but above GSM packetization. I have greater hopes for doing encrypted voice-over-ip, if we want
something that 's open source and user-verifiable.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-29 11:27:12
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: Shunning, lesbians and liberty 
I haven't been following this debate closely, so I don't know which side
you're on, Jim, but I assume (hope!) that you are merely being sarcastic.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-29 13:21:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Bad Coding Practices 
My comments on code reviews is based on the practice at my current employer. When upper management supports the practice, and
not only allows, but in fact requires engineers to take the time and effort to do real reviews, they can catch a remarkable number of errors. It also means that more than a single engineer is familiar with a
given piece of code, which is a Good Thing.
This is a real potential problem - old code that hasn't been looked at in
Re-writing from spec every few years is one solution, but one that is rarely
implemented. Clearly, you've worked in places with shoddy (and possibly criminal)
Eavesdroppers in and out of uniform will look for, and try to generate, poor practices which will break otherwise secure systems. What I
find most worrying is when management only pays security lip-service,
a bullet item for marketing, without any real desire to make it strong.
Lucky's discovery that some GSM phones in the US have lousy or
non-existant keying practices is one example. I've actually turned
down jobs from firms where I felt that they wanted crypto as a
bullet item rather than for real security (one place wanted to use
20 bit keys, for example. (they no longer exist)).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-29 13:38:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
Full source code for the Palm OS is available to registered developers (who
have signed an NDA). It's not too difficult to become a registered
The only PDA I know of which is open source for HW & SW is the Itsy, but
a number (Palm, iPAQ, etc) have had Linux ports. Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-29 14:38:30
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: AES winner to be announced Monday. 
I can't get the web page myself, but the appended message
is in sci.crypt today:
Peter Trei
1:03 PM
 Subject: Re: Deadline for AES...
The new notice just went up at this site: announcement to be made
2 Oct with simultaneous webcast.  They (explicitly) won't say yet
how many algorithms have been chosen as the AES.  There's no mention
of new versions of SHA-* with appropriately longer hashes.

@_date: 2001-04-03 16:39:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RSA Conference Expo Free Passes 
Sorry for the late notice, but I just found out that
the deadline for obtaining free passes has been
extended. While the website puts the free pass period as ending
a month ago, they are actually still available, but will
probably end today.
What: Expo section at the RSA Security 2001 Conference Where:  Moscone Center, San Francisco When: 9am-5pm 10-11 April 2001
How:   Regsiter at Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-04-05 11:11:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
Much as I hate dirtying my hands by dipping into our current Choatian
Black Hole, my reading of this is not that they *must* supply you with
an attorney, but rather that the State cannot *deny* you one - if you show up with a lawyer, they cannot tell him to take a hike.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-04-05 11:11:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
Much as I hate dirtying my hands by dipping into our current Choatian
Black Hole, my reading of this is not that they *must* supply you with
an attorney, but rather that the State cannot *deny* you one - if you show up with a lawyer, they cannot tell him to take a hike.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-04-16 13:24:23
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: A suggested musical tune 
"Won't get Fooled Again" by The Who.
Most of us are familiar with the version on "Who's Next".  However, it was originally written for Pete Townshend's "Lifehouse" project, a hugely ambitous and prescient work about escape from a dystopian society, only recently released.
Also consider "Ever Breath You Take" by
the Police.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-04-16 13:24:23
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: A suggested musical tune 
"Won't get Fooled Again" by The Who.
Most of us are familiar with the version on "Who's Next".  However, it was originally written for Pete Townshend's "Lifehouse" project, a hugely ambitous and prescient work about escape from a dystopian society, only recently released.
Also consider "Ever Breath You Take" by
the Police.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-04-16 13:35:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Starium? 
At the RSA conference I saw a company selling Starium-equivalent
units, both for voice and data encryption. The voice only units were
about $1400 apiece. (frankly, at that price, you could plug a PC
with an A/D converter card between the handset and the base, and
roll your own). I'm still decompressing, and have not unpacked all my bumph, else
I'd have more specific data.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-04-16 13:35:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Starium? 
At the RSA conference I saw a company selling Starium-equivalent
units, both for voice and data encryption. The voice only units were
about $1400 apiece. (frankly, at that price, you could plug a PC
with an A/D converter card between the handset and the base, and
roll your own). I'm still decompressing, and have not unpacked all my bumph, else
I'd have more specific data.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-04-16 17:42:23
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Starium? 
Here it is....
3DES, 1024 bit D-H, TEMPEST compliant. Handles both voice
and data.

@_date: 2001-04-16 17:42:23
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Starium? 
Here it is....
3DES, 1024 bit D-H, TEMPEST compliant. Handles both voice
and data.

@_date: 2001-04-18 10:01:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven (Intellagor 
It isn't always private - I can remember a about a dozen years back,
there was a bit of a kafuffle over certain Florida counties which had
state-sponsored kosher inspectors. I don't remember what happened,
but suspect they were dropped.
Back when I worked in Manhatten, one of our programmers was
a Conservative Jew - he always brought in his own lunch, and
declined to join the rest of us in our forays into Chinatown. Every now
and then  I insisted that the lunch group let him pick the site, and once we wound up in a truely only-in-New York place; the Milky Way,
a kosher dairy bar on lower Broadway with a spaceship theme.  Among the gleaming chrome, black velvet, and fiberoptic stars,
the black-clothed Hassiddim appeared almost surreal to this goy.
(Imagine the closing scene from "History of the World, Part 1".)
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-04-18 10:01:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven 
ics.com>
It isn't always private - I can remember a about a dozen years back,
there was a bit of a kafuffle over certain Florida counties which had
state-sponsored kosher inspectors. I don't remember what happened,
but suspect they were dropped.
Back when I worked in Manhatten, one of our programmers was
a Conservative Jew - he always brought in his own lunch, and
declined to join the rest of us in our forays into Chinatown. Every now
and then  I insisted that the lunch group let him pick the site, and once we wound up in a truely only-in-New York place; the Milky Way,
a kosher dairy bar on lower Broadway with a spaceship theme.  Among the gleaming chrome, black velvet, and fiberoptic stars,
the black-clothed Hassiddim appeared almost surreal to this goy.
(Imagine the closing scene from "History of the World, Part 1".)
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-01 10:21:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs. 
You may be a lawyer, but I'm a cryptographic software engineer. Cleansing disks and memory of keys and plaintext isn't done
to prevent some hypothetical court from looking at evidence;
there are good, legally unremarkable reasons to do so, which
are regarded as good hygiene and 'best practice' in the You've seen the posts on the 'sircam' virus, haven't you? All
kinds of private documents flying around the world due to
some asshole who gets egoboo out of smashing things.
Keeping your documents encrypted helps protect against
this kind of illegal surveillance. Backing them up on other computers (encrypted or otherwise) prevents them from being lost to a destructive virus. This is often easier than
making copies on removable media.
Running wipe programs such as BCwipe is also best
practice - I've seen attacks which were based on searching swap files, end-of-file slack space, and unused blocks for 'interesting' data - whether keys (which can be recognized by their low redundancy) or passphrases (look
for a printable string on it's own among a sea of binary data as the first cut).
Did you know that Windows NT includes a switch to zeroize
the swap file on system shutdown? Does Microsoft also
need the 'cautionary note' you refer to above? (Yes, they
did the right thing at least once :-).
As one of the more experienced cryptoengineers at my
company, I often wind up training new hires in the ways
writing sensitive security software differs from ordinary
programming. One of the most important lessons I impart
is the necessity of zeroizing all sensitive data as soon
as it's need has passed. The programmers also need
to be very aware of how procedure calls use the stack,
how the heap works, and the implications of garbage
collection, disk and memory defragmentation.
Destroying sensitive data is part of doing the job right, in
a professional, 'best practice' manner.
Peter Trei
RSA Security

@_date: 2001-08-01 14:33:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Official Reporters have more copyright rights 
No, Adobe did not use ROT13. They were quite a bit better than that
(though still breakable, obviously).
One other company mentioned in Sklyarov's paper did, but the content
of their site suggests they are an investment advice firm, using  it
to protect their own reports which they sold to customers (this is not
clear from the paper - I think Dmitri was grandstanding a bit here.) The only victim of their incompetence is themselves.
Last time I checked, the paper was on
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-01 14:33:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Official Reporters have more copyright rights 
No, Adobe did not use ROT13. They were quite a bit better than that
(though still breakable, obviously).
One other company mentioned in Sklyarov's paper did, but the content
of their site suggests they are an investment advice firm, using  it
to protect their own reports which they sold to customers (this is not
clear from the paper - I think Dmitri was grandstanding a bit here.) The only victim of their incompetence is themselves.
Last time I checked, the paper was on
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-01 14:52:39
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Congress hard at work: Cereal box regulation 
According to the Senate, you'd think wrong.
I can't give the cite, but I saw this a couple days ago.
Apparently, some yahoo was slipping racist pamplets
into cereal boxes on a store shelf.
Politicians have too much trouble justifying their existence to let a chance like this slip through.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-01 14:52:39
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Congress hard at work: Cereal box regulation 
According to the Senate, you'd think wrong.
I can't give the cite, but I saw this a couple days ago.
Apparently, some yahoo was slipping racist pamplets
into cereal boxes on a store shelf.
Politicians have too much trouble justifying their existence to let a chance like this slip through.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-02 09:39:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: WHERE IS DILDO?  was: Laws of mathematics, not of men 
Actually, Jim and Sandy are both missing the root reference, a Monty Python sketch entitled "How not to be seen".
Of course, 'not standing up' is shown to be ineffective, since the narrator procedes to blow up every object behind which the subject may be 'not standing up'.

@_date: 2001-08-02 10:18:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Do not taunt happy-fun-court. 
You're forgetting       e) A remailer which silently ignores (and deletes)  all mail which is       not still encrypted after the remailer's decryption key is applied.       (Complaints from Choate that I don't show how to  distinguish       encrypted vs cleartext mail with 100% accuracy will be silently       ignored (and deleted).)
This protects the remailer operator From-Mail: From-Name: 1 having any knowledge of the ultimate destination of the mail, since there is a good possibility that the next email address is just another remailer.
(2) having any knowledge of the content of the email, since it is
still encrypted. Thus, a remailer operator in Afghanistan doesn't
knowingly pass on copies of 'The Satanic Verses'.
(3) passing on 99.9999% of spam. Spammers do not use encrypted
mail - it requires far too much per-message processing, in terms of
obtaining public keys, constructing nested encrypted messages, etc.
And yes, BU's point about not generating logs at all is well taken -
I've not looked at remailer software, but commenting out a few lines
should take care of this. If I ran one, I might consider keeping
aggregate data (# of messages/week, MB/week), but I can't see anything
useful I'd do with individual message data.
This ties into the discussion about headless, disposable remailers - many
of the discussed designs have no mass storage to speak of, so of course
they would not keep logs.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-02 10:18:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Do not taunt happy-fun-court. 
You're forgetting       e) A remailer which silently ignores (and deletes)  all mail which is       not still encrypted after the remailer's decryption key is applied.       (Complaints from Choate that I don't show how to  distinguish       encrypted vs cleartext mail with 100% accuracy will be silently       ignored (and deleted).)
This protects the remailer operator From-Mail: From-Name: 1 having any knowledge of the ultimate destination of the mail, since there is a good possibility that the next email address is just another remailer.
(2) having any knowledge of the content of the email, since it is
still encrypted. Thus, a remailer operator in Afghanistan doesn't
knowingly pass on copies of 'The Satanic Verses'.
(3) passing on 99.9999% of spam. Spammers do not use encrypted
mail - it requires far too much per-message processing, in terms of
obtaining public keys, constructing nested encrypted messages, etc.
And yes, BU's point about not generating logs at all is well taken -
I've not looked at remailer software, but commenting out a few lines
should take care of this. If I ran one, I might consider keeping
aggregate data (# of messages/week, MB/week), but I can't see anything
useful I'd do with individual message data.
This ties into the discussion about headless, disposable remailers - many
of the discussed designs have no mass storage to speak of, so of course
they would not keep logs.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-02 10:25:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs. 
Judges have to take testimony on subjects they know little about
all the time. Yes, I'd consider being an EW (but generally not for free). I'd have no
problem showing that zeroisation is a standard practice - in fact, it's
mandated by some government standards for protecting classified data.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-03 13:26:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Gotti, evidence, case law, remailer practices, civil cases, 
amics.com>
Let me echo Sandy - thank you!
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-03 13:40:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Forced disclosures, document seizures, Right and Wrong. 
This sounds an awful lot like an institutional version of the Nuremburg Defence" "Ve vere only followink orders"  If a Supreme
knows that the system is f*cked up enough that he can't free an
innocent man, there are two things he should do:
1. Call the President and request a pardon.
2. Call Congress and get the process changed so this doesn't happen
    again.
There is no 'due process' if the system knowingly jails innocents.
If they don't do this, they can't call themselves a 'Justice'.
Heck - I'd consider the title 'human being' also in dispute.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-03 13:40:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Forced disclosures, document seizures, Right and Wrong. 
This sounds an awful lot like an institutional version of the Nuremburg Defence" "Ve vere only followink orders"  If a Supreme
knows that the system is f*cked up enough that he can't free an
innocent man, there are two things he should do:
1. Call the President and request a pardon.
2. Call Congress and get the process changed so this doesn't happen
    again.
There is no 'due process' if the system knowingly jails innocents.
If they don't do this, they can't call themselves a 'Justice'.
Heck - I'd consider the title 'human being' also in dispute.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-06 11:00:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Governors Seeking Internet Tax 
That's my understanding too. This leads to some amusing situations -
I know a person who rather than pay ~$300 sales tax on an engagement ring, had it sent to a friend two states over, who he than
visited at a considerable overall savings.
In New Hampshire, all the liquor stores are run by the State
(a bad thing, but not the point of this story). New Hampshire also
has no sales tax, unlike the neghbouring states (here in MA it's
On major highways and roads entering NH, you will typically
find huge state run liquor stores a couple of miles inside the state
line, which are typically filled with out of staters buying (slightly)
cheaper booze. A while back, MA State Troopers started staking out the parking
lot of one of these stores on a highway leading to Taxachusetts, and radioing ahead license numbers of MA cars loading up. They
were then stopped the other side of the state line and forced to
pay MA sales tax.
This scheme lasted a few days, until the NH State Troopers
threatened to arrest the MA State Troopers for loitering - they
were hurting business.
Ah... life in the land of the free...
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-06 11:00:25
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Slashdot | Roasting Sacred Cows 
Not too long ago (less than a year, I think) Jim not only gave the URL,
he included as a MIME attachment the entire page - often 10s of Kb.
He got thoroughly and deservedly flamed for this, and ceased to do
The current situation is far preferable to the old one.
I completely agree that Jim would acheive his goal of communication
far better if he gave a sentence or two explaining why the link is
worth following. However, convincing Jim to do *anything* for the convenience of others - even to promote his own goals - is very
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-06 11:51:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
I've mostly been staying out of this stormy little teacup, but I'll concur that BU is overreaching himself. When he starts to claim that writing security software to best industry practices - erasing
sensitive data as soon as it's need has passed, clearing disks
and buffers, etc - all practices mandated for meeting certain
government FIPS levels, and widely documented as standard -
when he claims that writing programs correctly could get me
in trouble - then it's time to downgrade my estimates of his
knowledge and expertise.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-07 10:09:47
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Safeweb [was: RE: Advertisements on Web Pages] 
I do a lot of my random web browsing thru  which allows me to disable pop-ups. It also 1: Causes the direction and content of my browsing to be obscured from any observer between me and the Safeweb site.
2: Obscures the target site from knowing who is surfing them.
3. Manages cookies intelligently.
It's not perfect - safeweb.com could build a pretty good profile
of where I surf. Ideally, you'd want to chain through two or more non-colluding Safeweb type services - think of it as a remailer
for HTTP.
Also,  In-Q-Tel (the CIA VC firm) is one of Safeweb's investors
The CIA's story is that they want a way for their agents to surf
without leaving footprints. Safeweb appears to have been founded
a group of programmers of Chinese descent, and is designed to
act as a route around the Great Firewall of China. There's even a
entry proxy called 'Triangleboy' which should allow Safeweb to be
used if the main site is blocked.
Unlike a lot of the people on this list, these guys actually write
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-08 15:28:30
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Advertisements on Web Pages 
Commercial VHS tapes have had trailers (and occasionally ads) at the start
for several years, but they can be zapped with FF.
Over 20-30 DVDs I've seen none *forced* you to watch the
trailers - they have always been part of the 'extra features' stuff off
the main menu.
OTOH, they all *do* force you to sit through the FBI and Interpol
warnings for about 15 seconds.
BTW: my VCR has a feature that allows it to automatically
FF through ads. It works about 90% of the time, and is a very nice
thing to have.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-09 10:46:53
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: OT: Happy Fun Ball (Court) 
As a public service, I'd thought I'd explain for our
foreign (or just younger) subscribers the root reference
of 'Happy Fun Court'.
The American comedy show Saturday Night Live
usually runs 1-2 fake ads per show. Some are better
than others. In 1990, one ad showed smiling children
playing with their 'Happy Fun Balls'. At the end, the
ad ran a disclaimer (American products often come
with ludicrously detailed warnings and disclaimers, due
to our corrupt legal system). It read:
Happy FUN BALL!
-only $14.95-      Warning: Pregnant women, the elderly and children under 10 should avoid
prolonged exposure to Happy Fun Ball.      Caution: Happy Fun Ball may suddenly accelerate to dangerous speeds.      Happy Fun Ball Contains a liquid core, which, if exposed due to
rupture, should not be touched, inhaled, or looked at.      Do not use Happy Fun Ball on concrete.
Discontinue use of Happy Fun Ball if any of the following occurs:      Itching      Vertigo      Dizziness      Tingling in extremities      Loss of balance or coordination      Slurred speech      Temporary blindness      Profuse sweating      Heart palpitations      If Happy Fun Ball begins to smoke, get away immediately. Seek shelter
and cover head.      Happy Fun Ball may stick to certain types of skin.      When not in use, Happy Fun Ball should be returned to its special
container and kept under refrigeration...      Failure to do so relieves the makers of Happy Fun Ball, Wacky Products
Incorporated, and its parent company Global Chemical
Unlimited, of any and all liability.      Ingredients of Happy Fun Ball include an unknown glowing substance
which fell to Earth, presumably from outer space.      Happy Fun Ball has been shipped to our troops in Saudi Arabia and is
also being dropped by our warplanes on Iraq.      Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball.      Happy Fun Ball comes with a lifetime guarantee.      Happy Fun Ball
ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTES!

@_date: 2001-08-09 10:47:44
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer software from Sandia 
I'll second this - the early 40 bit SSL cracks, and the RSA Symmetric
operated to force acknowledgement that 40 and 56 bit keylengths were simply
inadequate. I was particularly steamed by some Clinton appointee claiming with a straight face that a DES cracker could not be built because "it would
melt down". The success of the challenges created 'facts on the ground'
which could not be hand-waved away by government officials, and meant
that customers started to insist on something better. BTW, the distributed.net folks are still cranking at 64 bit RC5. They
have now searched 54% of the keyspace in 1,386 days. One thing I'd like to see done with these huge distributed computers
is to factor moduli, such as those in the RSA Factoring Challenges
(the prizes are substantial), A major bottleneck at this point is the
matrix reduction step. If a method could be found to run this in parallel,
then distributed factoring would be greatly eased.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-09 11:11:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Ybor City's face recognition cameras claim their first innocent 
amics.com>
[In fairness, the false identification was not made by the Face-It system, but by a human. The cited page includes
the photo in question - which is a heck of a lot more close
up then I expected - pt]
'They made me feel like a criminal'
  He was just having lunch in Ybor City when a surveillance
camera captured his image. Weeks later, the police show up.
By AMY HERDY
St. Petersburg Times, published August 8, 2001
   He was just having lunch in Ybor City when a surveillance
camera captured his image. Weeks later, the police show up.
TAMPA -- Rob Milliron has never married. He has never had
kids, never been to Oklahoma.
   Yet three Tampa police officers went to Milliron's
construction job site Monday and asked him whether he was
wanted in Oklahoma for child neglect.
   It seems that his face wound up on a surveillance camera
in Ybor City. News cameras captured that image. A woman in
Tulsa saw his picture in U.S. News and World Report and
called Tampa police.
   She said the man in the photo was her ex-husband and was
wanted on felony child neglect charges.
   Turns out they had the wrong man. But the experience has
turned Milliron into a vocal critic of the controversial
surveillance system.
   "From that picture, I was identified as a wanted person,"
said Milliron, 32, whose only previous brush with the law
involved a marijuana possession charge when he was 19.
   The surveillance system uses software called Face-It and
is linked to 36 cameras throughout the Centro Ybor
entertainment complex and along E Seventh Avenue. Images
taken from the cameras are compared with a data base that
includes wanted felons and sexual offenders.
   If the image is a match, officers are dispatched to
question the person. But in this case it wasn't the system
that flagged Milliron, but simply a woman who saw his
picture with a news story.
   The plainclothes detective, accompanied by two uniformed
officers, had a copy of the magazine, folded open to the
page with Milliron's photo.
   After producing identification, answering the detective's
questions and enduring curious stares and inquiries from his
construction co-workers, a mortified Milliron went home.
   "He was absolutely horrified," said Cheryl Toole, 32,
Milliron's girlfriend of nine years.
   "He said, "I was surrounded by the police today,' " Toole
recalled. "We were worried they'd come to our home in the
middle of the night."
   Equally upsetting, Milliron said, was the fact that
beneath his photo in the magazine, a headline read, "You
Can't Hide Those Lying Eyes in Tampa."
   "It made me out to be a criminal," he said.
   Tampa police Detective Bill Todd, who took the call from
the Tulsa woman and interviewed Milliron, said Milliron did
not seem upset.
   "He was laughing about it," said Todd, who spearheaded
the software project that captured Milliron's image.
   Milliron's photograph was captured in June while he was
on a lunch break in Ybor City.
   He didn't know it at the time, but the Police Department
used his photo to demonstrate the system to local news
   The software costs $30,000, but is on loan for a year by
its owner, Visionics Corp. of New Jersey, while the
department decides whether to purchase it.
   Milliron's photo ran in the St. Petersburg Times June
30. A caption under the photo read, "The man in this image
was not identified as wanted."
   The Times later sold the photo to U.S. News and World
   The software system has sparked controversy
nationwide. Protesters say the "spy cameras" intrude on
citizens' privacy. Mayor Dick Greco, however, has said the
system is no more intrusive than the cameras found in banks
and shopping malls.
   Milliron, who says he plans to retain an attorney, hopes
the software system will be removed.
   "I don't think it's right," he said. "They made me feel
like a criminal."
   - Times researcher John Martin contributed to this
report. Amy Herdy can be reached at (813) 226-3386 or
herdy at sptimes.com.

@_date: 2001-08-09 16:55:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer software from Sandia 
Also check out for a good article on Linux clusters.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-09 16:55:41
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Mind rape [was: Re: INTERCEPT THIS] 
[lots of good rant deleted]
      [even more good rant deleted]
Aimee, who is somewhat of a newcomer to our list, is groping towards
an idea which seems to hold the minds of many contributors; that the
contents of our private data are as personal, and should be as inviolate,
as the contents of our heads. To those of us to whom the use of computers is as natural as breathing,
our data are as much a part of us as our memories, and we instinctively feel they should be just as intimately held. We now use computers as extensions of our minds - a vast store of
knowledge, ideas, and abilities. This ability simply did not exist at the
time the Constitution was written, and as computers grew out of
accounting equipment, their data came to be treated as 'papers'
rather than 'memories'.
This disjuncture between how we feel about our private data, and
how the powers that be treat it, is one basis for a major thread of discussion on cypherpunks and other lists - how one can store one's own personal data in a way which makes it accessible to oneself, and only to oneself.
Being forced to turn over one's most intimate thoughts knownlege, and plans, simply because they are outside of one' skull, is a rape of the mind, and a violation of the intent of the Fifth Amendment.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-10 11:05:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Mind rape [was: Re: INTERCEPT THIS] 
Well, the 5th protects one from having to testify against oneself. I'm not going trying to go Choatian on you (is he on vacation?) but the personal data I store on a machine which I own, have sole access to, and which I stored with no immediate intention to show to others, seems to have properties more similar to a personal memory than does a piece of paper in a file cabinet at my accountant's office. That being the case, being forced to divulge my personal data, to be
used against me, *feels* like the sort of thing the 5th was meant to
prevent. [Lets not get into particular legal arguments at this point - I'm talking about my gut reactions.] They were also ardent burners of old personal papers. Part of Faustine's point is that with a keylogger, there is no private space outside the skull.
The simplest drafting out of an idea - including ideas that may be
immediatly discarded as wrong/immoral/illegal/unworkable - become known to the
[good stuff deleted]
The Economist recently (July 26) ran a special report (10-15 pages) on the diasaster that is US drug policy, with a set of strong arguments
in favor of legalisation. It'd be worth your time to read it:
and following articles, with an editorial at
[This is really a separate and off-topic issue] I object to all killing except in immediate and urgent defense of life and limb. I won't attempt to persuade you here. But even if I were a serial killer
like Dubya, I would stop shy of killing rapists and other non-murderers. If rape as well as murder carried the death penalty, rapists (the real rapists you refer to) would be strongly motivated to murder their victims - doing so eliminates the best (and usually only) witness against them, and even if they are convicted, carries no additional penalty - it's tough to make someone serve two death sentences consecutively.  Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-10 11:05:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Mind rape [was: Re: INTERCEPT THIS] 
Well, the 5th protects one from having to testify against oneself. I'm not going trying to go Choatian on you (is he on vacation?) but the personal data I store on a machine which I own, have sole access to, and which I stored with no immediate intention to show to others, seems to have properties more similar to a personal memory than does a piece of paper in a file cabinet at my accountant's office. That being the case, being forced to divulge my personal data, to be
used against me, *feels* like the sort of thing the 5th was meant to
prevent. [Lets not get into particular legal arguments at this point - I'm talking about my gut reactions.] They were also ardent burners of old personal papers. Part of Faustine's point is that with a keylogger, there is no private space outside the skull.
The simplest drafting out of an idea - including ideas that may be
immediatly discarded as wrong/immoral/illegal/unworkable - become known to the
[good stuff deleted]
The Economist recently (July 26) ran a special report (10-15 pages) on the diasaster that is US drug policy, with a set of strong arguments
in favor of legalisation. It'd be worth your time to read it:
and following articles, with an editorial at
[This is really a separate and off-topic issue] I object to all killing except in immediate and urgent defense of life and limb. I won't attempt to persuade you here. But even if I were a serial killer
like Dubya, I would stop shy of killing rapists and other non-murderers. If rape as well as murder carried the death penalty, rapists (the real rapists you refer to) would be strongly motivated to murder their victims - doing so eliminates the best (and usually only) witness against them, and even if they are convicted, carries no additional penalty - it's tough to make someone serve two death sentences consecutively.  Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-10 13:28:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Linearized computations - was  OCR 
I think text is the wrong approach. Put up some pictures,
and a question - 'Click on the white bunny' 'Click on the
chipmunk' 'Click on the Russian icon'. 'Click on the clowns nose'
'Click on the clown's right hand'
Taking text, which is explicitly designed to be readable, and
trying to find a degree of distortion which is human (but not machine)
readable is probably a bad approach. Try something a 6 year old
can do, but which is still a PhD thesis problem for computers.

@_date: 2001-08-10 13:28:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Linearized computations - was  OCR 
I think text is the wrong approach. Put up some pictures,
and a question - 'Click on the white bunny' 'Click on the
chipmunk' 'Click on the Russian icon'. 'Click on the clowns nose'
'Click on the clown's right hand'
Taking text, which is explicitly designed to be readable, and
trying to find a degree of distortion which is human (but not machine)
readable is probably a bad approach. Try something a 6 year old
can do, but which is still a PhD thesis problem for computers.

@_date: 2001-08-13 10:30:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable  
amics.com>
Microsoft's forte is making money. They do this by spending hugely on
what people think they want (ease of use), and not wasting resources on
things which do not impact market share. If MS ever decided that they were losing money due to poor security, they would get good at it, fast. How many fewer copies of WinXP will
they sell due to Code Red I, II, and III? Not many. A few (a very few) sysadmins may decide to go with Apache instead of IIS. It's not like
many home or corporate users are going to switch to Linux purely
due to security issues.
I hate to say this, but until software developers are held (at least at the
corporate level) in some way liable for their failures, there will be little
or no improvement in the situation. I'm aware of exactly two datapoints - Skipjack (which wasn't good enough
that anyone wanted to use it), and the recent 'dual counter mode' snafu.
That's not enough to draw broad conclusions.
MS makes crap because their customers buy it. If the customers
(or their insurers) insisted on security, MS would do better. (BTW, MS's security rep is now so bad, that I know of security experts who would not work for them, due to the damage it would do to their reputations).
I occasionally see the argument that NSA can't retain people due
to the much higher salaries, etc, in the public sector. While I have
no doubt that this is partially true, there are plenty of very good
people who find that the non-tangible benefits - patriotism, a sense
that one's work is important, that one is a trusted member of
the inner circle and privy to secret knowledge - are more than enough to make up for a civil service paycheck. No one should discount these factors just because they don't move them Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-13 13:14:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Products Liability and Innovation.  Was: ... 
[I hate to post something that makes it look as if I'm doing further BU bashing (which is not my intention), but:...]
When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. There are
other groups which can apply pressure than lawyers, courts and Men
with Guns.  Auditors and insurance companies come to mind. Schneier has noted how improvements in safe (as in a secure metal box)
technology was driven not by losses, not by customers, nor by lawsuits,
but rather by insurance requirements.
'You're running your ecommerce site on IIS? Ok, that's 10% extra on your
premiums." (This is already starting to happen).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-13 13:14:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Products Liability and Innovation.  Was: ... 
[I hate to post something that makes it look as if I'm doing further BU bashing (which is not my intention), but:...]
When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. There are
other groups which can apply pressure than lawyers, courts and Men
with Guns.  Auditors and insurance companies come to mind. Schneier has noted how improvements in safe (as in a secure metal box)
technology was driven not by losses, not by customers, nor by lawsuits,
but rather by insurance requirements.
'You're running your ecommerce site on IIS? Ok, that's 10% extra on your
premiums." (This is already starting to happen).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-14 09:40:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Terrorist [was: and....] 
You also forget another critical condition: It's OK if your sub-national
group opposes a government which the US dislikes; therefore those
trying to overthrow Saadam are 'freedom fighters'., rather than
terrorists. The same group can easily flip from one status to another as outside conditions change - many of the Afghanis the USG now labels 'terrorists' were started on their careers as US sponsored 'freedom fighters'.
Another example: Kurds striving to establish Kurdistan are regarded
by the US as either freedom fighters or terrorists, depending which
side of the Turkish/Iraqi border they are on.
Of course, by the US Governments definition, George Washington and the other Founding Fathers were terrorists.
'We have always been at war with EastAsia'.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-14 09:40:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Terrorist [was: and....] 
You also forget another critical condition: It's OK if your sub-national
group opposes a government which the US dislikes; therefore those
trying to overthrow Saadam are 'freedom fighters'., rather than
terrorists. The same group can easily flip from one status to another as outside conditions change - many of the Afghanis the USG now labels 'terrorists' were started on their careers as US sponsored 'freedom fighters'.
Another example: Kurds striving to establish Kurdistan are regarded
by the US as either freedom fighters or terrorists, depending which
side of the Turkish/Iraqi border they are on.
Of course, by the US Governments definition, George Washington and the other Founding Fathers were terrorists.
'We have always been at war with EastAsia'.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-14 09:47:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Products Liability and Innovation.  Was: ... 
It's been interesting seeing the back and forth on this,
especially since I kicked off this subthread.
I've found the anti-liability arguments quite persuasive.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-14 09:47:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Products Liability and Innovation.  Was: ... 
It's been interesting seeing the back and forth on this,
especially since I kicked off this subthread.
I've found the anti-liability arguments quite persuasive.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-08-16 10:36:08
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Pissing match [was RE: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE... ] 
While you folks engage in mutually
destructive bickering kicked off by a silly, single line of hyperbole, I actually went and
looked at the referenced article. It's actually quite interesting, and includes a
decent list of mechanisms which can be used
to provide better anonymity for websufers.
I'll give the reference again:
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-12-06 13:27:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Delta airlines doesn't allow sick person to carry their 
I've not indulged, but I've heard of this program (my data is
several years old).
The Feds do have a farm (in kentucky? west virginia?) where a small amount of pot is grown under high security
for licensed researchers. IIRC, the marijuana
is graded, washed, mixed with tobacco(!?) as a filler, and rolled  on standard cigarette machines. The article
I read noted that some felt that the differences from a
'real' hand-rolled joint put research done using these
standardized doobies into doubt.
If Mr. Rosenfeld had put his legal joints into checked
luggage, there's a chance that a DEA dog would have
narced him out. Though he presumably would not have
gotten into trouble, it could be an enormous hassle. What I find curious is that the joints came to Delta's
attention at all. Maybe the packaging makes it clear
what they are. Anyway, Delta deserves whatever it
gets over this.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-12-11 11:07:23
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Slashdot | Google Expands Usenet Archive to 20 Years 
What expanded capability for ego-surfing!
What expanded ability for better-forgotten posts to rise from the dead!
Seriously, this is neat. My earliest listed posting is from
28 November '82. The first mention of the cypherpunks list appears to be a post from Eric Hughes on 25 September '92, which refers to the list as 'recently formed'.
It's nostalgic to see all the bang!path addresses and .arpa
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-12-11 16:25:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Professor Punished for Witty Remark 
Well,  doesn't
actually name names, but the quotes are given enough
attribution that, at least on a given campus, the speaker
is probably identifiable. For example...
2 2 . "What the U.S. calls counter-terrorism is terrorism by another name. Operation Infinite Justice-the Bush administration's code name for proposed military action against terrorists - is 'cowboy law.'" Professor of linguistics, MIT.
...isn't too hard to identify.
On the other hand, ACTA has specifically condemned the
U of NM for their punishment of Berthold (which started this thread).
AMERICAN COUNCIL OF TRUSTEES AND ALUMNI
    DEFENDS UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO PROF
 Controversial Comment on Terrorist Attack Is Not Grounds
                for Punishment
WASHINGTON, D.C. (November 14, 2001) -- The American
Council of Trustees and Alumni today came to the defense of
University of New Mexico professor Richard Berthold who is
under investigation by the University for remarking: "Anyone
who can blow up the Pentagon has my vote."
"Professor Berthold's comment is certainly crude and
debatable, but it is not punishable," said Anne D. Neal,
ACTA's Vice President and General Counsel. "While we clearly
disagree, academic freedom requires a free exchange of
ideas-no matter how controversial."
"There is a big difference between criticizing someone's
comments, and punishing those comments," said Neal. "It is
the responsibility of a university to teach that the right way to
counter ideas with which one disagrees is with more speech,
not less," said Neal.

@_date: 2001-12-12 09:16:41
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Choate vs mattd [was: RE: The fucking essay] 
This should be fun to watch. Let's hope the
result is similar to the matchup of the Kilkenny cats.
    "There once were two cats of Kilkenny      Each thought there was one cat too many      So they fought and they fit,      And they scratched and they bit,      Till excepting their nails and the tips of their tails      Instead of two cats there weren't any."
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-12-14 14:13:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: : Re: How do you sleep? 
ditto, ditto....
mattd is still a newbie to this list. He will eventually learn that the
title of
the list: 'cypherpunks' tells nothing about the views of list subscribers,
range widely. In particular, he will learn that participation in the list
does not
imply acceptance of any particular stance, attitude, or agenda towards crypto,  stego, or government or lack thereof. The only thing which can really be said about subscribers in general is that
they think crypto is worth discussing.
You are not my fellow.
I am not a punk. Since no one here even agrees what anarchy is, it's incorrect for you
to assume that anyone agrees on that, either.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-14 19:17:27
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: bin Laden tape reliability 
If it's a fake, it's a damn subtle one. I've read the transcript, but not
the tape. The contents do not unequivocally prove UBL to be behind the
9/11 attacks, but it's a very reasonable inference. It does clearly show that UBL claiming to have foreknowledge of the attacks. If you want to go beyond what I consider reasonable, you could argue that UBL is taking
credit for someone else's work.
I find it difficult to believe that someone would go to the trouble of producing a fake,  and not use it to show UBL categorically taking
responsibility for the crime.
I'm inclined to believe the tapes reality.
Facial geometry would be an interesting test. The folks claiming to be
able to spot baddies by facial recognition systems could do an interesting
demo - feeding known pictures of UBL into their system to build a profile,
then seeing the the UBL on the tape matches. I gather the sound is pretty
poor, so voiceprints may not be doable.
Near-undetectable? I don't think so. Convincing human faces are just about the hardest thing to do in CGI animation. Humans are hardwired to recognize and differentiate between faces, and we're very sensitive to fakes. Look at Pixar's efforts, or the recent video game based movie (Final Fantasy???) No one is going to watch the humans in either of those for more than a few seconds without realizing that they are not real. CGI humans are still like dancing
bears - which are applauded not because they dance well, but
because the dance at all. Perhaps, but I'll take the position it's real until more evidence appears
to the contrary.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-17 10:57:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
If I were a remailer operator, I'm not sure I'd like this. Active
cooperation with another remaler operator means that if
he/she/it does something illegal, you could be dragged in
on 'conspiracy' charges, regardless whether you actually
had any knowledge of the the other operators nefarious
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-17 11:22:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Modulo the recent discussion of how some remailers
treat traffic from other known remailers differently than
mail from unknown addresses, remailers don't need to
know about each other. If they don't know know about each other, and there is
nothing on the machines which suggest they no about
each other, it's difficult for a law abiding remailer operator
to become inadvertantly linked to a non-lawabiding one.
Of course, IANAL, so we're going to hear about 'happy fun
court' not being amused (sigh...)
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-17 13:23:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Yes, I have read the letter - they need to treat input from known remailers
differently due to worries over spam and flooding attacks, so they treat other known remailers as priviliged sources of high volume traffic.
This does not invalidate my point - that such special treatment could lead
a remop into legal problems. We have two different problems, with mutually
undesirable solutions.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-17 20:13:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Typical Choate, missing the point. A remailer simply gets sent a message,
applies it's decryption key, and sends the contents on to the next address
(yes, this type of remailer does not include nice features such as cover
It has no idea if the address it received the message from is a remailer.
It has no idea if the address it forwarded the message to   is a remailer.
It doesn't need to.
Chaining is the sender's problem.
The point here is that the remailer treats other remailers exactly as it
treats source and destination nodes. There is no file on the remailer which
says "I'll treat hosts from this list specially".
This prevents the remop from having to worry about being sucked into a
conspiracy charge for a crime commited by a different remop. He doesn't
know, need to know, or want to know what other sites are remailers. He doesn't need to know the other remops, or communicate with them, except to inform the world (not just remops) that 'there is a remailer
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-18 14:27:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CIA in NYC 
Remember to apply Occam's razor occasionally. The WTC
towers were one of the best known landmarks around the world, were filled with people, stood well clear of the surrounding buildings, and symbolized the globalization/
Americanization of the world UBL hates.
The WTC towers were (from UBLs presumed viewpoint)
about the best US targets he could have picked, simply from
a PR, ideology, and practicality standpoint. The presence of a CIA office in a neighbouring building was not required to make the WTC towers target I used to work at 101 Barclay Street, across the street from
WTC  I watched it going up from my office window. I hated
the building - it blocked my view south. 101 Barclay seems to
have survived with little damage, possibly because WTC7 shielded it from the falling debris of  &  and later fell almost staight down.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-19 12:53:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
First I've heard that. Frankly, I'm suprised. One solution, which I've long advocated, is for the remailer to drop mail
which has an unencrypted body after it's applied it's decryption key. Provided this is an announced policy, substantially increases the protection of the mail and the remop. It does mean that only people
capable of using encryption can receive mail via the remailer, but
that's probably a *good* thing.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-28 16:01:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
Are there any existing, available US type
GSM cell phones which provide good end-to-end  voice encryption (ie, something
better than the broken GSM crypto).
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-31 11:59:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
Ryan suggested earlier that the Ipaq with Fireball isn't up to the task.
I don't think this is correct. I point you to
in which some Stanford students produce a wireless ipaq2ipaq
VoIP system. Biggest problem is that it's simplex, not because
of cpu limitations but rather that the Compaq HW can listen or
make noise, but not both simultaneously. Using a headset which
interfaces through the expansion port might enable you to avoid this problem (and the BT headset could also offload the
codec). A 206 MHz Ipaq would, I think have sufficient HP to do the crypto.
I've toyed with the idea of porting SpeakFreely to Ipaq, but have
not actually done anything at this point.
I've x-posted to coderpunks, since that group is more germane.
Serious further discussion should be over there, IMHO.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-31 12:15:16
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: brinworld, sexchart 
Well, that's cute, but there were non-internet versions in
SF fandom over twenty years ago.
I suppose the compiler will now seek a business method
patent on this 'new invention'.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-12-31 13:26:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
It's a fact that there is a much larger developer community for the Palm
for the Ipaq, however, I suspect that this is a temporary phenomenon. MS
is giving away it's development environment for free, and as pointed out, there is are several Linux ports. The higher cost of PocketPC devices can
be balanced against their higher power.
Let's remember that for a specific app, we don't actually *need* more than
one programmer. I could care less if I have to program under WINCE or Linux; some
OSs require a bit more learning before I'm productive, but any programmer who can't pick up another environment quickly isn't worth his salt.
Doing it under WINCE (or both Linux and WINCE) has the advantage that the app develops a user base much more
As for hardware limitations; I havent verified this independently,
but this is from the Stanford project cited earlier:
of the Compaq iPAQ revealed that the speaker and microphone on the PDA are the same hardware device, and cannot both be in use at the same time. As a result, the system had to be engineered such that only one of audio playback and audio capture happens at any one time."
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2001-02-06 10:17:41
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: URL spam 
He's getting better. Jim's posts used to consist of a cryptic subject line,
the URL,
and the entire HTML page (sometimes 10's of kb) included as an attachment.
Just a cryptic subject line and a URL are a big improvement. It's my hope
that one day he'll also add a descriptive line or two to his posts, so we can
decide whether to check the full article.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-02-08 14:59:01
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Student scholarships available for RSA Data Security Conference. 
The RSA Data Security conference will be held at the Moscone Center and the Metreon in San Francisco this year, April 8-12.
It's a really neat conference, but pricey. However, looking through the
registration web
pages, I found this:
I don't know how many are available, or what they include, but the regular
academic registration is $495.
Also, if you just want to attend the Expo (we have over 250 vendors
expected), you can get
a free pass if you register before March 2 (otherwise, $50 at door).
Peter Trei
ptrei at rsasecurity.com

@_date: 2001-02-12 10:57:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: watermarking sucks (Re: stego for the censored II) 
I realize that this is *slightly* simplistic, but comparing 2 (preferably 3 or more) copies of the data with different watermark contents should quickly reveal where and what constitutes the watermarking.
Of course, there are methods to make this more onerous - MACing the watermarked data for one - but nothing a determined counterfeiter couldn't work around. It only takes one, after all.
I'm currently working my way through Schneier's 'Secrets and Lies'. He has one comment I like to the effect that trying to make data not be copyable is a task on a par with trying to make water not be wet.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-02-13 10:15:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: The meek will inherit what, exactly? 
Y'know, it's dissapointing that Luis doesn't make use of the Internet, all of which is presumably sitting in front of him as he types, to get his citations right.
[3] Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of [4] Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted.
[5] Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.
[6] Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.
[7] Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.
[8] Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.
[9] Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
[10] Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
(BTW: These are generally known as the Beatitudes)
Nothing about the just plain not-having-money poor getting
anything special (at least here - there's plenty about the
spiritual problems of the rich elsewhere in the New I've got a button somewhere I picked up at an SF convention:
"The Meek shall inherit the Earth.
 The rest of us will go to the stars!"
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-02-16 09:55:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CHOATE, etal: Unsubscribe Rob@nihilist.com 
[Apologies in advance for the multiple posting; this had to get
 to everyone -pt]
Jim (and other cypherpunk node operators):
The spate of "Mail Delivery Failure" messages we've been
seeing for the last few days are due to messages sent to a
user "rob at nihilist.com", apparently a very temporary (and
now dead) web mail address at I've exchanged mail with the postmaster (richard at uk.another.com),
and he clearly regards this as Someone Elses Problem, and has no
intention of ceasing to send the bounce notices.
I strongly advise everyone running a cpunk node to check for, and
delete rob at nihilist.com. It's not like he/she/it can't resubscribe if
they want to.
Sigh.... Yet Another Attack now exists against the cypherpunks
S/N ratio.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-02-20 10:30:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Secure Erasing is actually harder than that... 
I don't think they're disinfo, but I suspect they are dated. Also, for highly sensitive data, the secure wiping standards generally
involve liberal use of thermite.
The problem lies in the gap between what disk manufacturers are willing to spend on disk r/w mechanisms,  and what an attacker is able to spend.
If your threat model does not include seizure (or a secret swap-out) of the hard drive, then yes, a single overwrite with random data will protect you pretty well. If something could  be done to use the existing head mechanisms to reliably recover over-written data, then the HD manufacturers would be  using it to boost capacity.
It's when your opponent can pull out the platters, and either
put them in a drive with better heads, or into an AFM rig, that
the remanent data becomes interesting. How many overwrites it takes to securly delete varies according
to several factors, including:
* How many random writes it takes to make the analog flux
levels irrecoverable.
* How much jitter there is in the drive - the likely hood that a given write of a sector will be a little closer or further from the
center of the track, measured radially (I suspect that this is
affected by termperature and the most recent head movement)
* How accurate the drive is in speed and time - ie, if a given bit
is written slightly earlier or later along the track than it was the
previous time. Again, temperature may be an important factor.
I would expect that as disks become denser, the head mechanisms
also become more precise, and the recover problem gets harder.
It's my vague recollection that some of the newer storage technologies
(CD-RWs, MOs, etc) use preformatted pits to store the data bits. Its
possible that for these technologies, the number of overwrites required to make data irrecoverable is considerably lower, but that's
outside my area of expertise.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-02-20 10:58:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Phil Zimmerman leaves NAI 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 3598 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-02-20 10:58:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Phil Zimmerman leaves NAI 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 3598 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-02-21 10:28:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
Launching these amateur sats costs about $50k ( but there are buts
Biggest is:
You're only getting to LEO - about 500 miles up. Any given LEO satellite is
visible from a
given spot only for short periods every few days (see any of the sites
giving spotting
times for the ISS for examples). Thus, the services of a sat are only
available. Getting to geosynchronous orbit is much more expensive, and
a satellite with much more sensitive antenna and more powerful transmitters
about 50x are far away). Even then, you'd need at least 3 sats to get
continuous Rabin's scheme requires (even given the the unobtanium-like nature of a
third party terabit/s true randomness source) that both Alice and Bob be
able to key into the bitstream at the same 'time'. At very least they have to see
the same
sat at the same time, and even then their different (and changing as the sat
distances from the sat make getting crypto sync challenging (to say the
If we really had a trustworthy 3rd party, there are lots of other more
practical protocols we could use. Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-02-21 10:28:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
Launching these amateur sats costs about $50k ( but there are buts
Biggest is:
You're only getting to LEO - about 500 miles up. Any given LEO satellite is
visible from a
given spot only for short periods every few days (see any of the sites
giving spotting
times for the ISS for examples). Thus, the services of a sat are only
available. Getting to geosynchronous orbit is much more expensive, and
a satellite with much more sensitive antenna and more powerful transmitters
about 50x are far away). Even then, you'd need at least 3 sats to get
continuous Rabin's scheme requires (even given the the unobtanium-like nature of a
third party terabit/s true randomness source) that both Alice and Bob be
able to key into the bitstream at the same 'time'. At very least they have to see
the same
sat at the same time, and even then their different (and changing as the sat
distances from the sat make getting crypto sync challenging (to say the
If we really had a trustworthy 3rd party, there are lots of other more
practical protocols we could use. Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-02-23 09:45:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Centre for Hypersonics - HyShot Scramjet Test Programme 
I'll speculate that Jim posted this as a demo that 'amateur' rocketry
can reach orbit. If you read the article, you'll find it does nothing of
the kind. This is suborbital - in fact, the rocket goes almost 350km
straight up and down (they're testing scramjet configurations during
The highest speed reached on the way up is 8300km/hr, which is
about 2.3 km/sec. The shuttle at 300 km (a typical height) is going
7.73 km/sec, over 3 times as fast. This sounding rocket goes a
little higher, but it can't stay there, and is nowhere near being in
As to range safety, it's worth noting that the Israelis have launched at
least one satellite. They were so worried about the reaction of their
neighbours that they launched it over the Mediterranean into a retrograde
orbit. That way, a launch phase failure would be more likely to hit water,
and  the contries overflown were less likely to be interprete the launch as
an attack.
When the Norwegians unexpectedly launched a small rocket over Russia a few years ago, it got to the point of Yeltsin having his 'football' open, with keys inserted ready to send the retaliation command before it was determined to be harmless.

@_date: 2001-02-23 09:45:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Centre for Hypersonics - HyShot Scramjet Test Programme 
I'll speculate that Jim posted this as a demo that 'amateur' rocketry
can reach orbit. If you read the article, you'll find it does nothing of
the kind. This is suborbital - in fact, the rocket goes almost 350km
straight up and down (they're testing scramjet configurations during
The highest speed reached on the way up is 8300km/hr, which is
about 2.3 km/sec. The shuttle at 300 km (a typical height) is going
7.73 km/sec, over 3 times as fast. This sounding rocket goes a
little higher, but it can't stay there, and is nowhere near being in
As to range safety, it's worth noting that the Israelis have launched at
least one satellite. They were so worried about the reaction of their
neighbours that they launched it over the Mediterranean into a retrograde
orbit. That way, a launch phase failure would be more likely to hit water,
and  the contries overflown were less likely to be interprete the launch as
an attack.
When the Norwegians unexpectedly launched a small rocket over Russia a few years ago, it got to the point of Yeltsin having his 'football' open, with keys inserted ready to send the retaliation command before it was determined to be harmless.

@_date: 2001-01-04 13:08:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Anglo-American communications studies 
Central heating did not develop until well after
the US and Britain split. There was little technology transfer, so it's not too suprising that
the terminology is different. When I moved to Britain in the late 60's, central
heating was still rare enough that it was noted in real estate listings. The Brits and other Europeans
developed some rather odd devices to retrofit older
1. The Geyser (alt pro: geezer). A box attached to
the wall in or near a shower, which provided instant
hot water. Some were gas powered (in which case
a balanced flue was fitted through a hole in the wall
to the outside). Some were electric. Having several hundred watts of electricity in intimate contact with the water and metal piping of the shower was rather nervous making (saw many still in use in Scotland this summer).
2. The 'storage heater'. The CEGB (central electricity generating board) rates were far lower at night
than during the day or evening. A storage heater
was a metal box, typically 4' wide, 2.5 ft high, and about a foot deep, filled with electric elements
and firebrick. During the night, the bricks would be
heated electrically. By morning the box was a serious burn hazard, and radiating heat for the rest of the day as it slowly cooled. At my boarding school, we used to toss matches on the top of one and make bets as to which would be the first to light.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-01-08 11:01:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Functional quantum computer? 
Jim seems to have a real hard time with this concept.
Last week, I privately mailed him a polite letter on
just this issue over a post he sent telling us to look
at slashdot. He responded with obscenities, ordering
me to not send him any more private mail.
I took issue with the tone of his letter (most people
PREFER having their nettiquette lapses pointed out
privately), and responded (politely) to that effect. Jim evidently felt this was unacceptable, and attempted to
alert my management. I haven't heard from them, and
assume they gave his rant (he included the
corrospondance, with his obscenity laden missive
alternating with my civil language) all the attention it
Peter Trei
(I'm posting this to the list, as he would seem to

@_date: 2001-01-08 13:23:45
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: cell phone anonymity 
Experience in Scotland this summer:
Walk into store.
Plunk down 40 pounds + VAT.
Pick up boxed phone.
Walk out.

@_date: 2001-01-09 10:00:48
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Functional quantum computer? 
He's an existance proof that people can be
intelligent in some areas, yet astoundingly
obtuse in others.
[Jim: It's ok that you have no problem with
your ineffective methods of giving pointers
to articles, but your wasting your own and
other's time - there's simply no reason for
people to follow your links, since they are
generally useless]

@_date: 2001-01-10 14:56:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Jim's posting practices [ Was: Re: to Jim.]  
[I'm posting this to the list since Jim appears to prefer that - most people
would rather receive criticism in private, but I'll accede to his wishes
You are confusing two distinct issues: Form and Content.
On the Content side, you are essentially correct. I and many others
find the beliefs you espouse on physics, law, and mathematics idiosyncratic,  peculiar, and often just plain wrong. However, I think we'd all agree that you are free to post them. The list IS an anarchy
in that sense.
However, as to Form, you're mistaken. Cypherpunks is NOT an anarchy - it's a forum for communication. 'Communication'  shares roots with  'Common' and 'Community' . More than one party is involved. For effective communication to occur,  certain agreed (often tacitly or by default) protocols and standards are adhered to by the parties (note the plural) wishing to communicate.
This is where you are failing ('What we have here is a failure to
communicate' :-)
To be specific, your methods of citation of outside sources are
both burdensome and ineffective.
Consider a very recent example. This morning, you posted an
note titled: 'CDR: IP & copyright - Somebody with a clue?
The message consisted of:
1.  4 lines of message:
...which would have been greatly improved by the sentence: "Baen is putting some of its books on the net for (cheap) downloads."
2. A one line URL (a useful one, BTW).
3. 12 lines of sigfile, including a non-working hostname
4. An attached HTML page, which does nothing but put up
a screen saying 'Baen Free LIbrary', along with a broken
image link. Jim: Can you explain why you did this? It adds
zero, zip, nada to the usefullness of  your post, contains
no link, and takes up space. Don't you check your messages before you send them?
This is (a) ineffective, since you don't tell us *what* Baen
is doing which is interesting, and (b) burdensome, since you
tagged on a totally useless attachment. You tagged it on to
every single copy received by list members.
A couple questions:
1. If by expending one minute of your own time, you can save *each* of your (several hundred) recipients a minute of their's, is this an unreasonable burden to ask of you? You're asking hundreds of people to consider your
posting - isn't it reasonable for you to make it easy for
them to do so?[1] 2. You say:
Are you being 'fair and considerate of others' when you burden every single
one of your recipients, to the extent of proposing that they use search engines to puzzle out to what you refer because you were too lazy to obtain a durable URL?
I'm not asking you to conform in your beliefs and positions. Others may criticize you there, but I don't think I have (crankish as I may consider them).  I am asking that you show 'a willingness to participate in a dialog'
by communicating in the common manner. To do this, the 'format' is far
from moot. If you posted entirely in uuencoded PDF files,  MIME-encoded
AVI's of your interpretative dances, or in Latin, your posts would go
To be read, considered, and appreciated - isn't that what you want? To
reach those goals, it's not good to post in such a way as to suggest
either contempt for your audience's needs, or technical incompetence on your own part.
Peter Trei
PS: You *have* been improving. You no longer post kilobytes of
included material. This is greatly appreciated.
[1] For non-clued readers, Choate's reference to 'ST'
probably points to Star Trek and a quote from the
show: 'The needs fo the many outweigh the needs of the
few'.]

@_date: 2001-01-15 11:51:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Voice over OTP during WW2. 
Fascinating article at the NSA site about the heroic efforts to provide long-distance secure voice communications over radio.
The good folks at Bell Labs essentially invented
digitized, compressed voice, and encrypted it
using synchronized pairs of records of
random data at each end. Each terminal site
had 55 *tons* of equipment!
Apparently this astounding - and apparently successful - effort was mostly declassified back in '76, but I first heard about it in Stevenson's Cryptonomicon last year.
A remarkable story.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-01-31 11:05:23
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Whats NOOS? 
I love these scavenger hunts.
It's possible (probable!) that none of these are
what you want. A Google search turns up:
This looks interesting. The document appears to
deal with handling accidents in the US Navy. It
contains lines such as " a.COMSC Safety Office (NOOS) shall"
the OS in NOOS could be Operational or Occupational Safety. NOOS appears to be a title for a US Naval officer
with safety responsibilities.
Noos is apparently the name of a cable operator/ISP? of Suez Lyonnaise des Eaux,  partially owned by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, an American company.
 seems to be an independent group for users of
This also looks like a good possibility
Sillier ones:
Network of Objectivist Scholars (
Nah, I don't think the Randites are building radomes in Dennmark (sounds like something out of Illuminatus!)
Nigi Nigi Nu Noos e Nu Nu Noos is the name of a resort at
Balabag, Boracay Island, Malaya
(I know that's not it, but could not resist the temptation to
type Nigi Nigi Nu Noos e Nu Nu Noos :-)
Noos is of course, ancient Greek for 'mind'.
Nasda Ocean Observation System

@_date: 2001-07-02 10:18:02
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: World's smallest engine 
Great, an micro Wankel engine.
Did anyone else share my first thought, that this
would be just right as the power source for a laptop
version of Babbage's Analytical Engine? (My second
thought was that an itty-bitty steam engine would be
more appropriate).
I wonder what the limiting factor would be? I suspect
that the cube/squared law is involved - as the parts
get smaller they cool down too quickly to operate as
an engine.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-02 11:00:36
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Banned Research and Raids on "Secret Labs" 
Cloning is far from a perfected technology - dozens of embryos are started
each one that comes to term, and many that are born have severe defects and
die young. A lot that don't die young are pretty darn unhealthy in various
The State has problems (heck - I have problems too!) with applying this
technology at a point in development where *most* of the resulting people
are likely to have severe physical and mental defects. Unlike animals,
you can't just slaughter the ones that don't work out.
OTOH, the fact the State chose to stop a religious organization brings
chilling memories of Waco - "Is your religion FDA approved?". A lot of
the rhetoric seems to be on the level of 'this is just soooo creepy'. It's
worth remembering that the boundary of what's acceptable moves - back
in the 60's Britain banned cornea transplants from cadavers, essentially
for creepyness reasons (since repealed).
When cloning has a high success rate, and embryos which are going to
have problems after birth can be identified and culled at an early stage,
then I have no problem with human cloning.  Until then, I'd rather people
did not try it (though, unlike the State, I would not stop them).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-02 11:27:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Misc 
I've got a copy of the book - it's actually a fairly
well-written critique of Un*x worship (pre-Linux).
It's worth reading to get some perspective (and
no, it's not pro-MS either - it's idea of a competing
OS is VMS).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-05 10:18:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Pigdog] Freenet v. Bunkernet (Was: [EWAR]  Top firms retreat 
[much snippage]
I met some of these guys at the RSA conference, and suggested that
they set up live webcams on all their enterances, so colo customers
could respond to an illegal raid in progress. I wonder if they did it -
their site [ appears unavailable at the moment.

@_date: 2001-07-05 10:18:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Pigdog] Freenet v. Bunkernet (Was: [EWAR]  Top firms 
amics.com>
[much snippage]
I met some of these guys at the RSA conference, and suggested that
they set up live webcams on all their enterances, so colo customers
could respond to an illegal raid in progress. I wonder if they did it -
their site [ appears unavailable at the moment.

@_date: 2001-07-05 10:40:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Kyllo: Taking the 5th on the 4th 
Whether or not Jim thinks this is constitutional (and I and many others
would agree
that it is not), it is the law of the land and a requirement, at least in
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-05 10:40:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Kyllo: Taking the 5th on the 4th 
Whether or not Jim thinks this is constitutional (and I and many others
would agree
that it is not), it is the law of the land and a requirement, at least in
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-05 15:01:36
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
Duh. The Lone Ranger was interested in establishing an
individual,  persistant nym, unlinked a known person, not
total anonymity.
These 'blackbloc' vandals want to create confusion about
which one of them commits which crime, thus using their
Constitutional protections to protect them from successful
prosecution.  In a similar move, cops cover up their badge
numbers when they plan to violate people's civil rights.
Of course, this mechanism is very weak in the face of a
reputation attack - an Agent Provocateur or a whole bloc
of APs could easily destroy the credibility of the the
blackbloc technique.
Different goals, different methods.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-06 11:03:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Spy vs Spy (US vs EU) 
[IRNA is the Islamic Republic News Agency
(ie, Iranian). Adjust your predjudices
The solution to European worries over Echelon is
(wait for it!) more spies!
This would be another step down the road towards
a new bipolar world, with UKUSA vs the Continentals
(the UK, for the moment, has an uncomfortable
foot in both camps).
Note that one of this article's base assumptions
is that Echelon is primarily used for economic
espionage. It would be interesting to
find European takes on this issue.
Peter Trei
thr 073
EU-Spy     /WRD/
  MP announces plans for a European intelligence service
Berlin, July 5, IRNA -- The European Union plans to create a European
intelligence service, in an effort to counter the American economic
espionage program 'Echelon', a deputy of the European Parliament was
quoted saying Thursday in the German daily junge Welt.
   The German member of the European Parliament, Ilka Schroeder of
the Green Party, referred to the latest report by the espionage
committee, calling for the formation of a European intelligence
service to protect European industries against US espionage.
   "It's hypocritical for the parliament to criticize the US Echelon
surveillance techniques, while there are plans in work to promote
a European secret service," Schroeder blasted the latest initiative.
   A recent report by a European parliamentary committee confirmed the
existence of a controversial worldwide espionage network 'Echelon'
which has caused between Dlrs 13 and 145 billion in financial
damages to European companies.
   The study, presenting evidence that intelligence services from
the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Great Britain are part
of 'Echelon', called on European firms to guard themselves from this
ultra-modern form of economic espionage.
   The United States had in the past repeatedly denied the existence
of 'Echelon' which is reportedly capable of eavesdropping on every
single telephone call, radio transmission, fax or e-mail message
around the world.
   US officials had refused to meet with a visiting European
parliamentary delegation a few weeks ago, wanting information on
   A member of the EU parliamentary committee, Gerhard Schmid said the
evidence, consisting of photos, statements by intelligence officials
working on the project and the results of internet research-proved
conclusively and without a doubt that this was in fact the case.
   "Companies outside Europe getting hold of this information might
gain huge advantages," Schmid added.
   The study suggested advanced coding techniques for companies when
transmitting confidential messages.
    Schmid also referred to the close cooperation between the
intelligence services of the US and EU member Great Britain, saying it
might have serious repercussions for the EU's common foreign and
security policies if the issue was not discussed.
   The worldwide espionage installations of 'Echelon', were created
in 1947 and initially used for military purposes.
::irna    19:31

@_date: 2001-07-06 11:03:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Spy vs Spy (US vs EU) 
[IRNA is the Islamic Republic News Agency
(ie, Iranian). Adjust your predjudices
The solution to European worries over Echelon is
(wait for it!) more spies!
This would be another step down the road towards
a new bipolar world, with UKUSA vs the Continentals
(the UK, for the moment, has an uncomfortable
foot in both camps).
Note that one of this article's base assumptions
is that Echelon is primarily used for economic
espionage. It would be interesting to
find European takes on this issue.
Peter Trei
thr 073
EU-Spy     /WRD/
  MP announces plans for a European intelligence service
Berlin, July 5, IRNA -- The European Union plans to create a European
intelligence service, in an effort to counter the American economic
espionage program 'Echelon', a deputy of the European Parliament was
quoted saying Thursday in the German daily junge Welt.
   The German member of the European Parliament, Ilka Schroeder of
the Green Party, referred to the latest report by the espionage
committee, calling for the formation of a European intelligence
service to protect European industries against US espionage.
   "It's hypocritical for the parliament to criticize the US Echelon
surveillance techniques, while there are plans in work to promote
a European secret service," Schroeder blasted the latest initiative.
   A recent report by a European parliamentary committee confirmed the
existence of a controversial worldwide espionage network 'Echelon'
which has caused between Dlrs 13 and 145 billion in financial
damages to European companies.
   The study, presenting evidence that intelligence services from
the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Great Britain are part
of 'Echelon', called on European firms to guard themselves from this
ultra-modern form of economic espionage.
   The United States had in the past repeatedly denied the existence
of 'Echelon' which is reportedly capable of eavesdropping on every
single telephone call, radio transmission, fax or e-mail message
around the world.
   US officials had refused to meet with a visiting European
parliamentary delegation a few weeks ago, wanting information on
   A member of the EU parliamentary committee, Gerhard Schmid said the
evidence, consisting of photos, statements by intelligence officials
working on the project and the results of internet research-proved
conclusively and without a doubt that this was in fact the case.
   "Companies outside Europe getting hold of this information might
gain huge advantages," Schmid added.
   The study suggested advanced coding techniques for companies when
transmitting confidential messages.
    Schmid also referred to the close cooperation between the
intelligence services of the US and EU member Great Britain, saying it
might have serious repercussions for the EU's common foreign and
security policies if the issue was not discussed.
   The worldwide espionage installations of 'Echelon', were created
in 1947 and initially used for military purposes.
::irna    19:31

@_date: 2001-07-06 18:54:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Dot-commers to blame for anti-capitalist violence, says WTO 
This one is actually worth looking at, so I'm going
to do what Jim lacks the ability, intelligence, manners,
social grace,  and common decency to do: post a
nicely formatted copy of the refered article (its short).
Note what the Internet means to the WTO
maximum leader.
Peter Trei
Dot-commers to blame for anti-capitalist
violence, says WTO boss
By Andrew Orlowski
Posted: 06/07/2001 at 22:12 GMT
"Dot com types" are to blame for the violence at recent
gatherings of the World Trade Organisation, according to WTO
director general Mike Moore.
Moore made his remarks in Geneva, in an appeal for citizens
groups (NGOs) to distance themselves from "masked
stone-throwers who claim to want more transparency,
anti-globalization dot.com-types who trot out slogans that
are trite, shallow and superficial," he said.
Which came as news to us. We thought "dot com" types were
too busy braying into mobile phones and snorting enormous
quantities of Bolivian marching powder as they vandalised a
communication infrastructure created at great public expense
for research purposes, with marketing plans that would get a
six year old suspended from kindergarten for frivolity.
They'd certainly be the last group we'd suspect of
complaining about capitalism.
"Critics, who are not all mad or bad, frequently say we have
too much power," Moore conceded generously.
Moore then went on to propose a contract demanding
"transparency from NGOs as to their membership, their
finances, their rules of decision-making," which most
citizens groups will find deliciously ironic.
Alas, we suspect, he was being serious.
A full text of Moore's speech can be found here

@_date: 2001-07-06 18:54:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Dot-commers to blame for anti-capitalist violence, says WTO 
This one is actually worth looking at, so I'm going
to do what Jim lacks the ability, intelligence, manners,
social grace,  and common decency to do: post a
nicely formatted copy of the refered article (its short).
Note what the Internet means to the WTO
maximum leader.
Peter Trei
Dot-commers to blame for anti-capitalist
violence, says WTO boss
By Andrew Orlowski
Posted: 06/07/2001 at 22:12 GMT
"Dot com types" are to blame for the violence at recent
gatherings of the World Trade Organisation, according to WTO
director general Mike Moore.
Moore made his remarks in Geneva, in an appeal for citizens
groups (NGOs) to distance themselves from "masked
stone-throwers who claim to want more transparency,
anti-globalization dot.com-types who trot out slogans that
are trite, shallow and superficial," he said.
Which came as news to us. We thought "dot com" types were
too busy braying into mobile phones and snorting enormous
quantities of Bolivian marching powder as they vandalised a
communication infrastructure created at great public expense
for research purposes, with marketing plans that would get a
six year old suspended from kindergarten for frivolity.
They'd certainly be the last group we'd suspect of
complaining about capitalism.
"Critics, who are not all mad or bad, frequently say we have
too much power," Moore conceded generously.
Moore then went on to propose a contract demanding
"transparency from NGOs as to their membership, their
finances, their rules of decision-making," which most
citizens groups will find deliciously ironic.
Alas, we suspect, he was being serious.
A full text of Moore's speech can be found here

@_date: 2001-07-10 15:05:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: lawyer physics (was taxing satellites) 
Actually, there's a curious legal precedent which might
help the satellite holders. One of the NASA probes (perhaps
the atmospheric probe to Jupiter? Did we have a Venus probe?)
had an instrument window made of diamond. The fairly large diamond used drew considerable import duty when it was brought into the US, but that duty was returned after the launch, since the diamond had been 're-exported'. This seems to my IANAL logic to set a precedent that an
asset in space is not in the US.
Actually, the USG doesn't give a damn whether it's in the
US, in another country , or neither. If they want to, they'll
tax it. Expatriate US citizens have to pay income tax on foreign earned income to the US (I think only the US, Egypt,
and the Phillipines do this). Even if you give up your US
citizenship, the IRS expects to tax you for a further 10 years
if your net worth is over $350k when you vacate your
US citizenship.
If you don't pay up, they might not be able to extradite you if you're now a foreigner, but they'll go after your assets in the US, or arrest you if you set foot on US soil.
(13 years as an expatriate leads to some specialized knowledge :-)
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-10 15:05:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: lawyer physics (was taxing satellites) 
Actually, there's a curious legal precedent which might
help the satellite holders. One of the NASA probes (perhaps
the atmospheric probe to Jupiter? Did we have a Venus probe?)
had an instrument window made of diamond. The fairly large diamond used drew considerable import duty when it was brought into the US, but that duty was returned after the launch, since the diamond had been 're-exported'. This seems to my IANAL logic to set a precedent that an
asset in space is not in the US.
Actually, the USG doesn't give a damn whether it's in the
US, in another country , or neither. If they want to, they'll
tax it. Expatriate US citizens have to pay income tax on foreign earned income to the US (I think only the US, Egypt,
and the Phillipines do this). Even if you give up your US
citizenship, the IRS expects to tax you for a further 10 years
if your net worth is over $350k when you vacate your
US citizenship.
If you don't pay up, they might not be able to extradite you if you're now a foreigner, but they'll go after your assets in the US, or arrest you if you set foot on US soil.
(13 years as an expatriate leads to some specialized knowledge :-)
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-10 15:24:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: lawyer physics (was taxing satellites) 
...you can find anything on the net if you choose to look....
This was the Pionner Venus Orbiter, built by Hughes and launched in 1978.

@_date: 2001-07-10 15:24:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: lawyer physics (was taxing satellites) 
...you can find anything on the net if you choose to look....
This was the Pionner Venus Orbiter, built by Hughes and launched in 1978.

@_date: 2001-07-16 11:05:56
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
Yes, this is correct. If you make a *sound* recording
in this state, all the parties present have to consent
(and, I think, consent). The issue is not that a recording was made, but that it was made
No such limitation exists on video recordings.
[FWIW, my opinion is that a police officer interacting
in his official capacity with a private citizen is *always"
in public, and has no reasonable expectation of privacy. The court refused arguments based on this,
saying that the law did not provide an 'in public' exception. I wonder: If you were being questioned by the
police, and told them you did NOT consent to
being recorded, would they then be required to stop recording?]
Here's the relevant state law:
[start quote]
Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 272 , ' 99 (1999): It is a crime to record any conversation, whether oral or wire, without the consent of all parties in Massachusetts. The
penalty for violating the law is a fine of up to $10,000 and a jail sentence of up to five years.
[end quote]
(  is a useful resource)
Similar laws exist in
California, Delaware, Florida, Illinois, Maryland,  Michigan, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Washington.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-16 11:08:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
In MA, the law is not just against 'secret recording';
the wording states that the "consent"  of all parties
must exist. (It does not state what constitutes

@_date: 2001-07-18 10:14:58
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: military pornography 
A guy in my office served as a reserve medic in Saudi during
our War to Defend Cheap Gasoline.
One night, they had to make up papers to get a female Marine
onto a medical transport out of the country on zero notice - she
had - in public - worn her uniform with the sleeves rolled up in the proper military manner. A religious cop hit her with his cane.
Hitting a US Marine with a stick is not smart thing to do. She took the cane and gave him drubbing. Within hours she was out of the country, on 'medical' grounds. Her health was at
stake - the Saudis wanted to have her executed.
For all that we (with justification) worry about the USG's
penchant for killing it's citizens in cold blood, the governments
of Saudi and Singapore kill their citizens at 10x the rate
of the US.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-18 10:14:58
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: military pornography 
A guy in my office served as a reserve medic in Saudi during
our War to Defend Cheap Gasoline.
One night, they had to make up papers to get a female Marine
onto a medical transport out of the country on zero notice - she
had - in public - worn her uniform with the sleeves rolled up in the proper military manner. A religious cop hit her with his cane.
Hitting a US Marine with a stick is not smart thing to do. She took the cane and gave him drubbing. Within hours she was out of the country, on 'medical' grounds. Her health was at
stake - the Saudis wanted to have her executed.
For all that we (with justification) worry about the USG's
penchant for killing it's citizens in cold blood, the governments
of Saudi and Singapore kill their citizens at 10x the rate
of the US.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-18 10:21:44
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: DMCA has pushed me to my limit. 
Well, if Pinochet can be arrested in London, on the request of a
French (or was it Spanish?) judge, over acts allegedly committed in Chile, I'd say yes.
.... and don't forget the Norwegian who was arrested in Oslo for the deCSS code.

@_date: 2001-07-23 13:17:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Adobe's Teeth.  (Was: Re: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on Mond 
Use a spotter, protective equipment, and enlist a trained coach.
Do warm up exercises first....  :-)

@_date: 2001-07-23 13:17:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Adobe's Teeth.  (Was: Re: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on 
amics.com>
Use a spotter, protective equipment, and enlist a trained coach.
Do warm up exercises first....  :-)

@_date: 2001-07-23 13:18:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser 
amics.com>
With high-powered lasers, one of the important destructive mechanisms is
blast - the outer layer of the illuminated object vaporizes, and flies away
the rest of the target. The reactive force of this gives the target a hell
of a kick.
Kicking off strict alignment with it's flight path, or putting a big dent
(or even better a hole) in the side of a missile under several G's of stress
traveling at a high Mach number is not healthy for the missile.
Laser's have problems though - as they heat the air the refractive index
leading to 'blooming' or beam expansion. At too high a power density they
also ionize the air, which makes it effectively opaque. Dust, haze, and
are also problems.
Using *very* short pulses eliminates many of these problems.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-25 11:05:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser (washing 
It may not be that easy. My understanding (based on various TV programs
broadcast back in the early 90's) is that there is a program called 'NEST',
which stands for something like Nuclear Emergency (mumble) Team,
tasked with dealing with this type of problem.
One protection hinted is that strategically chosen points of transit
(bridges, ports, tunnels, major highways, mail, baggage and freight facilities, etc)
detectors for nuclear materials. The thing is, while you can sheild a source to the point where it is not
a hazard, sheilding it to the point of *undetectability* is far harder task.
If you detect even a single gamma ray of a certain frequency, or betas or even alphas of certain energies, you *know* that a certain
isotope produced them. If the detectors note the presence of a certain isotopes, they generate the appropriate alarms.
There are also other detection systems - I've seen X-rays of entire
container trucks which were passing through the Chunnel - illegal immigrants were quite visible inside the container. An attacker's best chance would be to place his weapon in a
container, heavily sheilded, and then to bury that in the middle of
a stack of other containers of heavy shielding in the hold of a
container ship, and plan to detonate it while still on board in a
target harbor.
UPS probably would not work (besides, I think they have a limit of around 90 lbs). Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-25 11:05:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser (washing 
amics.com>
It may not be that easy. My understanding (based on various TV programs
broadcast back in the early 90's) is that there is a program called 'NEST',
which stands for something like Nuclear Emergency (mumble) Team,
tasked with dealing with this type of problem.
One protection hinted is that strategically chosen points of transit
(bridges, ports, tunnels, major highways, mail, baggage and freight facilities, etc)
detectors for nuclear materials. The thing is, while you can sheild a source to the point where it is not
a hazard, sheilding it to the point of *undetectability* is far harder task.
If you detect even a single gamma ray of a certain frequency, or betas or even alphas of certain energies, you *know* that a certain
isotope produced them. If the detectors note the presence of a certain isotopes, they generate the appropriate alarms.
There are also other detection systems - I've seen X-rays of entire
container trucks which were passing through the Chunnel - illegal immigrants were quite visible inside the container. An attacker's best chance would be to place his weapon in a
container, heavily sheilded, and then to bury that in the middle of
a stack of other containers of heavy shielding in the hold of a
container ship, and plan to detonate it while still on board in a
target harbor.
UPS probably would not work (besides, I think they have a limit of around 90 lbs). Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-25 15:25:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: So, what do the Russians think? 
One of the curious aspects of the whole Sklyarov
affair is the silence of the Russians. I've not heard
of any comment from the Russian government on
the US news, the Novosti press agency has said nothing today or Tuesday (all I can check),
and TASS has a couple of headlines, but (as far
as I can tell) no editiorial material going either
way (I can't read the TASS articles without
a subscription).
Most odd....
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-26 11:47:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Is minder.net really screwed up? 
When cyberpass started messing up a few weeks ago,
I unsubbed there and resubbed at minder.net
Several times, I've noticed that messages I sent were
replied to long before I ever saw the original message
come back. Yesterday I sent a message around 11AM, and just
got the original back, over 24 hours later.
I'm used to a delay of an hour or so, but this is
Here are the headers showing the delay taking
place at minder (I've obscured some local nodes).
Received: from minder.net-gate.com ([xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx]) by
          via smtpd (for BBBBB.securitydynamics.com [xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx]) with
SMTP; 26 Jul 2001 15:22:40 UT
4+ hours between pax.m.n and RSA.
Received: from waste.minder.net (root at waste.minder.net [64.80.76.82])
20 hours holdup between waste.m.n and pax.m.n
Received: (from majordom at localhost)
Anyone else seen this?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-26 12:54:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Attention to detail lacking 
Careful, or you'll be W.A.S.T.E.d
Oedipa was perfectly sane - it was the people around
her who were "interesting".
TCOL49 was my first introduction to conspiracy theory
and the notion of 'hidden history'. I remember it fondly.

@_date: 2001-07-27 10:18:16
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Open 802.11b wireless access points and remailers 
Two points:
People interested in finding wireless access points, and
tech info about the same, should look at GAWD: BAWUG: The Starbucks access points will apparently require Microsoft
Wallet, and some kind of charge-per-minute software.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-27 10:50:17
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Is minder.net really screwed up? 
Thanks for the explanations. I deliberately picked minder over
lne because I don't support filtering by anyone but the final recipient.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-30 16:54:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist 
amics.com>
I'm curious what the term 'copy' refers to when the Internet and encryption
gets involved. If  a reporter posted an encrypted copy of her notes to usenet on a regular basis, she could recover them anytime, anywhere, from etin.com,  dejanews, or any of the other news archiving services. However, if ordered to 'turn over all originals and copies', what can she do? Ask deja to dismount a drive and send it to the court? Ask the NSA to please gather up all their tapes which had copies and send Isn't there an implied and anachronistic assumption here that a requested private document is physically seperable from other
private documents, and that to be private a document has to be
under the authors physical control? And that there is a meaningful
distinction between an 'original' and a 'copy'?
This comes of a the same problem we find with so much of the
IP arguement, that information exists only bound to some
physical object, and shares it's limitations. I can only assume that the court, for reasons which seem unclear
but which seem to amount to punishment, wish to deny her
access to her own work. If many copies exist which are
readable only by her, but not under her control, how can
she be so deprived? (I suppose the court could order her to
forget her passphrase :-)
[I'm not addressing the issue of forced exposure of keys, just
the information-theoretic notion of destroying or sequestering widely distributed information, and how that collides with the assumptions of ill-educated or maleific judges] Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-30 16:54:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft allows more journalist subpoenas 
I'm curious what the term 'copy' refers to when the Internet and encryption
gets involved. If  a reporter posted an encrypted copy of her notes to usenet on a regular basis, she could recover them anytime, anywhere, from etin.com,  dejanews, or any of the other news archiving services. However, if ordered to 'turn over all originals and copies', what can she do? Ask deja to dismount a drive and send it to the court? Ask the NSA to please gather up all their tapes which had copies and send Isn't there an implied and anachronistic assumption here that a requested private document is physically seperable from other
private documents, and that to be private a document has to be
under the authors physical control? And that there is a meaningful
distinction between an 'original' and a 'copy'?
This comes of a the same problem we find with so much of the
IP arguement, that information exists only bound to some
physical object, and shares it's limitations. I can only assume that the court, for reasons which seem unclear
but which seem to amount to punishment, wish to deny her
access to her own work. If many copies exist which are
readable only by her, but not under her control, how can
she be so deprived? (I suppose the court could order her to
forget her passphrase :-)
[I'm not addressing the issue of forced exposure of keys, just
the information-theoretic notion of destroying or sequestering widely distributed information, and how that collides with the assumptions of ill-educated or maleific judges] Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-31 10:53:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Forced disclosures, document seizures, Right and Wrong. 
Thanks for your response. The 'in his direct or indirect control' bit is the part that got lost in the article.
I hope it was clear that I was not looking for ways to deny a court *access* to a piece of information, but rather using the net (prior to a subpoena) as an way to make  *sequestration* of a piece of info impossible,
by placing copies permanently outside 'his direct or
indirect control'.
I hope you read Mike's 'Oh pointy one' note carefully;
it points out one of the great problems most of us IANAL
have with IAAL types - the confusion of laws and court
action with right and justice, and actions which are
simply unlawful at a given time and place with wrong and injustice.
Laws and courts are or should be an attempt to map
the behaviour of governments to right and justice, but lawyers so often seemed to have been conditioned into thinking they are one and the same, rather than a (very) rough approximation.
[Case to point: Canter and Siegel claiming that there
was nothing wrong with them sending their Green Card
spam, since there was no law against it.]
It's possible - indeed essential - for people to argue
over right and wrong, justice and injustice without regard for what a given legal and court system says;
even a court and legal system which can send Men
With Guns after them. Laws do not define Right and Wrong.
Courts and Legal Systems do not define Justice.
They are better than nothing at all, but we should
never imbue them with divine wisdom. That way
lies Tyranny.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-07-31 10:53:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Forced disclosures, document seizures, Right and Wrong. 
Thanks for your response. The 'in his direct or indirect control' bit is the part that got lost in the article.
I hope it was clear that I was not looking for ways to deny a court *access* to a piece of information, but rather using the net (prior to a subpoena) as an way to make  *sequestration* of a piece of info impossible,
by placing copies permanently outside 'his direct or
indirect control'.
I hope you read Mike's 'Oh pointy one' note carefully;
it points out one of the great problems most of us IANAL
have with IAAL types - the confusion of laws and court
action with right and justice, and actions which are
simply unlawful at a given time and place with wrong and injustice.
Laws and courts are or should be an attempt to map
the behaviour of governments to right and justice, but lawyers so often seemed to have been conditioned into thinking they are one and the same, rather than a (very) rough approximation.
[Case to point: Canter and Siegel claiming that there
was nothing wrong with them sending their Green Card
spam, since there was no law against it.]
It's possible - indeed essential - for people to argue
over right and wrong, justice and injustice without regard for what a given legal and court system says;
even a court and legal system which can send Men
With Guns after them. Laws do not define Right and Wrong.
Courts and Legal Systems do not define Justice.
They are better than nothing at all, but we should
never imbue them with divine wisdom. That way
lies Tyranny.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-12 11:27:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Ian Grigg's Crypto Fiction Choices 
... as does privacy, surveillance tech and it's avoidance, etc. Excellent
Did you catch the hint that they're running an Unix-descended OS? ...it's
pretty well hidden.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-12 11:27:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Ian Grigg's Crypto Fiction Choices 
... as does privacy, surveillance tech and it's avoidance, etc. Excellent
Did you catch the hint that they're running an Unix-descended OS? ...it's
pretty well hidden.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-13 10:28:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Fixing ORBS, and spam-proofing open relays. 
Instead of bitching about ORBS (which certainly behaves sub-optimally), I'd like to suggest that we discuss how a 'better' spam blocklist could  be Who knows - maybe someone could set one up to follow good practices. Under the right circumstances, high-quality information can drive out bad.
[For the record, I'm not as exercised about email spam as are many people - it takes me less time each day to trash the electronic junk mail than it does to sort out the paper kind, despite an internet presence stretching back decades, and posting to both
mailing lists and Usenet with my real address. My main objection to spam is that I don't want sexually explicit email arriving in my 10 year old daughter's I'd like to suggest that if ORBS gave a little more information about *why* a given site was listed, and sites where thus able to implement their own policies over what parts of the list to use,
then that would be a far more equitable situation. For example, instead of just saying 'Don't accept mail from X.
...it gave a reason (here is a non-exhaustive list).
* X maintains an unlimited open relay.
* X blocks our attemps to check it.
* Spam has come from X in the last month.
* X maintains an open relay, but the the owner has
   implemented spam throttling measures.
... then the system would be much more acceptable.
BTW, I expect that it should be possible to spam-proof an
open relay, by tinkering very slightly with the protocol
For example: if a server required a 10 second pause between
successive  RCPT commands, then a message to a
single recipient would pass without problems, but a spammer
trying to send to many people would be blocked.
There are *many* other ways to tinker with the protocol
implementations which would let legitimate users send mail
without difficulty, using normal agents, but which would
make the spammers' life far more difficult.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-13 10:28:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Fixing ORBS, and spam-proofing open relays. 
Instead of bitching about ORBS (which certainly behaves sub-optimally), I'd like to suggest that we discuss how a 'better' spam blocklist could  be Who knows - maybe someone could set one up to follow good practices. Under the right circumstances, high-quality information can drive out bad.
[For the record, I'm not as exercised about email spam as are many people - it takes me less time each day to trash the electronic junk mail than it does to sort out the paper kind, despite an internet presence stretching back decades, and posting to both
mailing lists and Usenet with my real address. My main objection to spam is that I don't want sexually explicit email arriving in my 10 year old daughter's I'd like to suggest that if ORBS gave a little more information about *why* a given site was listed, and sites where thus able to implement their own policies over what parts of the list to use,
then that would be a far more equitable situation. For example, instead of just saying 'Don't accept mail from X.
...it gave a reason (here is a non-exhaustive list).
* X maintains an unlimited open relay.
* X blocks our attemps to check it.
* Spam has come from X in the last month.
* X maintains an open relay, but the the owner has
   implemented spam throttling measures.
... then the system would be much more acceptable.
BTW, I expect that it should be possible to spam-proof an
open relay, by tinkering very slightly with the protocol
For example: if a server required a 10 second pause between
successive  RCPT commands, then a message to a
single recipient would pass without problems, but a spammer
trying to send to many people would be blocked.
There are *many* other ways to tinker with the protocol
implementations which would let legitimate users send mail
without difficulty, using normal agents, but which would
make the spammers' life far more difficult.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-14 15:36:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Fixing ORBS, and spam-proofing open relays. 
That may be so, but I would have thought that ORBS
could have usurped one of the many types of queries
which DNS permits to package it's reputation data.
I think you  misunderstand SMTP (If not, please
correct me. :-)
If you look at RFC 821, section 3.1, you'll find that the
RCPT TO: command takes only a single address; multiple
addressees are handled by sending multiple RCPT TO: lines,
and waiting for a 250 OK or a 550 Failure response after
each one. My suggestion is that, on a given connection, an
open relay server wait 10 seconds after before issuing a 250
OK response.  This is too short to time out a client, but
slows the process down greatly for messages with multiple
Yes, you couldn't spam your entire company's internal
mail from an open server in this manner, but you
usually would do this by sending to a single address
which runs a mail exploder within the company. Nor
does it protect against spammers sending messages to
hundreds via mailing lists such as cypherpunks. However,
it would permit open relays to exist without them adding
significantly to the spam problem, which is the problem
I am trying to solve.
In my initial letter, I suggested delaying response only
after the second RCPT message, but on second thought, I
think delaying after the first one is ok. For single
messages, you would not be bothered by a 10 second delay.
and it prevents the spammer from opening hundreds to
connections at once to get around the restriction.
I'll admit that was an off-the-cuff remark, and I'd have to think hard to find other ways. OTOH, I'm sure there are many.
I'm not trying to identify spam per se; I'm trying to make the
relay unattractive to spammers, while minimally impacting everyone else. I'm working at the SMTP protocol level, not envelope, headers, or content.
I'm impacting behaviour, not content or header info.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-15 11:25:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RC5-64 attack hits 50% point 
The only RSA Secret Key Challenge known to be under active attack
at this time is RC5-64, by distributed.net. Last night this reached the 50% mark, having tested  9,225,283,403,065,065,472  keys at the time I write this, over 1331 days. The current rate is over 210 Gkeys/sec - they should complete the keyspace in the next 18 months.
See: Way back in the previous millenium, RSA (then Security Dynamics)
issued a series of 'secret key challenges', in which prizes were
offered for decrypting messages encrypted wish RC5 and DES.
I was responsible for getting SDTI to create the challenges, proposing
them to Jim Bidzos to complement the long standing RSA factoring
contests back in 1996. I was mainly interested in demonstrating that 56 bit DES (then the strongest exportable algorithm) was inadequate, and had created a proof-of-principle DES key-cracker  to demonstrate that the goal was achievable. Jim thought this was a good idea, and I was soon collaborating with RSA Labs in the design of the challenges - long before I came to work at SDTI/RSA.
The first challenge (40 bit RC5) fell in 3.5 hours, and was soon followed
by others, leading up to the 3rd DES challenge in 1999, when distributed.net and the EFF combined to brute force a 56 bit DES key in 23 hours.
The success in the attacks on the Secret Key Challenges created facts on the ground exposing the weakness of exportable crypto, and
in my opinion were important in causing the relaxation of US export regulations in early 2000
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-19 10:44:36
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: napster: civil disobedience re: copyright laws 
Well, there's one, but it's a bit of a stretch: William Tyndale. He was
burned at the stake for publishing the New Testament in English in 1536, two  years after Henry VIII had made himself the head of the Church of England
with the Act of Supremacy.
It can be reasonably argued that at that time the Crown and Church were
one and the same in England, and an offense against the State Religion
was an offense against the State.
However, it's generally true that burning was reserved for religious
(including witchcraft), the axe for acts against the Crown, and hanging for other criminal cases.
[Just 2 years later, Henry ordered the production of an official translation
into English, known as the "Great Bible"].
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-20 09:53:33
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Slashdot | Phoenix BIOS Phones Home? 
You really don't have a good memory, do you? We dealt with this
topic just 3 weeks ago.
Check for the thread 'BIOS Spying' around June 1.
At that time I said:
To further expliain, this is no worse than Netscape or IE
starting with their default home pages. Also, if you to install a non-Microsoft OS, the canned app in the BIOS
can do absolutely nothing.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-20 09:53:33
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Slashdot | Phoenix BIOS Phones Home? 
You really don't have a good memory, do you? We dealt with this
topic just 3 weeks ago.
Check for the thread 'BIOS Spying' around June 1.
At that time I said:
To further expliain, this is no worse than Netscape or IE
starting with their default home pages. Also, if you to install a non-Microsoft OS, the canned app in the BIOS
can do absolutely nothing.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-21 10:44:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Solaris Opera 
.... and here I was thinking that someone (perhaps Glass?) had written an opera based on Lem's book....
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-21 10:44:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Solaris Opera 
.... and here I was thinking that someone (perhaps Glass?) had written an opera based on Lem's book....
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-21 11:06:34
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Steele's brain on intelligence  
Methinks Aimee has been channeling John Young.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-21 16:30:39
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Solaris Opera 
Andrei Tartovsky directed Solaris. He's one of my favorite directors - twice
accidentally flipped to TV onto subtitled Russian movies partway through,
gotten fascinated by the film, only to later find that it was by Tartovsky (Andrei
Ivan's Childhood). I also strongly reccomend Solaris and especially Stalker.
Tartovsky's not for everyone though. Things happen slowly. Tartovsky's films
make '2001' seem like 'Raders of the lost ark'.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-22 16:36:25
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Louis Cypher <cypherl@hotmail.com> 
Um, probably no one. I was on the cypherpunks list as ptrei at mitre.org for
many years, as oldtimers on the list will remember.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-22 16:36:25
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Louis Cypher <cypherl@hotmail.com> 
Um, probably no one. I was on the cypherpunks list as ptrei at mitre.org for
many years, as oldtimers on the list will remember.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-06-25 11:21:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: ANGELIC IMPLANT (not!) 
Go back to the page and look again. They link to a correction
that they are *not* currently developing implants.
They *are* developing watches and pagers which use a combination
of GPS and cellphone tech to track wearers, aimed particularly at
the elder care and child markets - sort of a commercial version of the
home incarceration monitoring ankle bracelets.
Anyone who has worked with GPS knows that the fastest way to
lose signal is to go in a house, or wrap your hand around the
antenna. A GPS enabled implant sounds very unlikely.
DA has been hyping this stuff for years (yes, including implants).
I'll consider it vaporware until I see some independent evaluations.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: The above represents my personal opinion only.

@_date: 2001-06-26 13:53:15
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Turing honored with statue. 
Conqueror of enigma code finally honoured
By Paul Francis
23 June 2001
Alan Turing, the national hero who broke the Nazi's enigma
code and is credited with turning the tide of the World War
Two, is to be honoured with a life-size statue.
The bronze monument, which will be unveiled today, comes
almost 50 years after the brilliant scientist was driven to
suicide by persecution over his homosexuality. Five years after
its inception, the 20,000 pound sterling sculpture of Turing
sitting on a bench holding an apple will be displayed
Manchester's Sackville Park in the city centre.
The mathematical genius became a national hero after his
involvement in World War Two, he also helped invent the
inaugural computer, at Manchester University, but was
persecuted and prosecuted for his homosexuality. He
committed suicide in 1954 by eating a poisoned apple.
Many believe Turing has never been recognised properly for his
outstanding contribution to science. But Glyn Hughes, the
statue's creator, is confident that Turing has finally earned his
rightful place in the history books. Hughes, from Adlington near
Chorley, said: " It's stunningly realistic. I'm sure it will go a dirty
black over time, but it looks wonderful today."

@_date: 2001-06-26 13:53:15
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Turing honored with statue. 
Conqueror of enigma code finally honoured
By Paul Francis
23 June 2001
Alan Turing, the national hero who broke the Nazi's enigma
code and is credited with turning the tide of the World War
Two, is to be honoured with a life-size statue.
The bronze monument, which will be unveiled today, comes
almost 50 years after the brilliant scientist was driven to
suicide by persecution over his homosexuality. Five years after
its inception, the 20,000 pound sterling sculpture of Turing
sitting on a bench holding an apple will be displayed
Manchester's Sackville Park in the city centre.
The mathematical genius became a national hero after his
involvement in World War Two, he also helped invent the
inaugural computer, at Manchester University, but was
persecuted and prosecuted for his homosexuality. He
committed suicide in 1954 by eating a poisoned apple.
Many believe Turing has never been recognised properly for his
outstanding contribution to science. But Glyn Hughes, the
statue's creator, is confident that Turing has finally earned his
rightful place in the history books. Hughes, from Adlington near
Chorley, said: " It's stunningly realistic. I'm sure it will go a dirty
black over time, but it looks wonderful today."

@_date: 2001-06-29 13:56:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: What's up with cyberpass? 
For a few days now, a growing (and now 100)
percentage of my cpunks email has consisted
of blank messages from
owner at cypherpunks.cyberpass.net
messages, I suspect I'm getting one for each
posting to cypherpunks.
Am I the only one who is seeing this?
(Reply directly, since I'm not getting
intelligable mail from the list).
Peter Trei
ptrei at rsasecurity.com

@_date: 2001-03-09 10:03:47
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: OK, which node is down? [WAS: Re: Denial of Service 
ics.com>
I received no postings from cyberpass from sometime Monday through
this morning. It seems to be back now.

@_date: 2001-03-09 10:03:47
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: OK, which node is down? [WAS: Re: Denial of Service Attackon  
I received no postings from cyberpass from sometime Monday through
this morning. It seems to be back now.

@_date: 2001-03-12 19:02:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: The Passive-Aggressive (Negativistic) Personality Disorder (P 
Superb flame. Of course, from the point of view of 'external' viewers, a
great many
of the subscribers on cypherpunks appear to exibit PAPD with respect to
attitudes towards government authority. Jim is unusual in that his
resentment is
also directed towards the consensus position on how people should behave on the list (the closest thing to a 'authority' which exists in cypherpunks).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-12 19:02:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: The Passive-Aggressive (Negativistic) Personality Disorder 
ics.com>
Superb flame. Of course, from the point of view of 'external' viewers, a
great many
of the subscribers on cypherpunks appear to exibit PAPD with respect to
attitudes towards government authority. Jim is unusual in that his
resentment is
also directed towards the consensus position on how people should behave on the list (the closest thing to a 'authority' which exists in cypherpunks).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-12 20:45:44
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: My .sig 
Since you broached the subject....
The text of the .sig, in either this or the 'classic' version, doesn't
bother me. However, it's too long: The copyright notice is redundant since the Berne Convention, and ascii graphics in sig files ceased to be cool about the time disco died.
Not many people use fixed width fonts to read mail, so I'll let the
rest of you know that it's a crude representation of an armadillo.
Why Jim would choose this creature as a personal totem is an interesting question. The armadillo is best known for it's stupidity, often demonstrated on Texas roads: ("hmm... a very big thing is bearing down on me at 60 mph. I'll deal  with it by rolling into a ball...... SPLUUUP!"
They are also the only known non-human carriers of leprosy.
BTW Jim, you ought to read PJ O'Rourke's "Parliment of Whores".
(this suggestion is not made in satire or irony; I honestly think
you'd enjoy it :-)
Peter Trei
(who does not need a .sig but often  std-disclaimer.h)

@_date: 2001-03-12 20:45:44
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: My .sig 
Since you broached the subject....
The text of the .sig, in either this or the 'classic' version, doesn't
bother me. However, it's too long: The copyright notice is redundant since the Berne Convention, and ascii graphics in sig files ceased to be cool about the time disco died.
Not many people use fixed width fonts to read mail, so I'll let the
rest of you know that it's a crude representation of an armadillo.
Why Jim would choose this creature as a personal totem is an interesting question. The armadillo is best known for it's stupidity, often demonstrated on Texas roads: ("hmm... a very big thing is bearing down on me at 60 mph. I'll deal  with it by rolling into a ball...... SPLUUUP!"
They are also the only known non-human carriers of leprosy.
BTW Jim, you ought to read PJ O'Rourke's "Parliment of Whores".
(this suggestion is not made in satire or irony; I honestly think
you'd enjoy it :-)
Peter Trei
(who does not need a .sig but often  std-disclaimer.h)

@_date: 2001-03-15 09:59:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Paternity tests [was: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade] 
The Bard dealt with this issue, as he did so
many others:
 Pedro. You embrace your charge too willingly: I thinke this is your daughter.
  Leonato. Her mother hath many times told me so.
  Bened. Were you in doubt that you askt her?
  Leonato. Signior Benedicke, no, for then were you a
  Pedro. You haue it full Benedicke, we may ghesse by
this, what you are, being a man, truely the Lady fathers
her selfe: be happie Lady, for you are like an honorable
  Ben. If Signior Leonato be her father, she would not haue his head on her shoulders for al Messina, as like him
as she is.
- Much Ado About Nothing, Actus primus, Scena prima
... and he here also points out why many men don't bother with testing - family resemblence is convincing
enough. I have two daughters. One is the image of my sister as a child, and the other looks so much my mother did at that age that people mistake childhood photos of one for the other.
In the absence of any particular reason for doubt, blood
tests would be a waste of time and money.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-15 09:59:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Paternity tests [was: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade] 
The Bard dealt with this issue, as he did so
many others:
 Pedro. You embrace your charge too willingly: I thinke this is your daughter.
  Leonato. Her mother hath many times told me so.
  Bened. Were you in doubt that you askt her?
  Leonato. Signior Benedicke, no, for then were you a
  Pedro. You haue it full Benedicke, we may ghesse by
this, what you are, being a man, truely the Lady fathers
her selfe: be happie Lady, for you are like an honorable
  Ben. If Signior Leonato be her father, she would not haue his head on her shoulders for al Messina, as like him
as she is.
- Much Ado About Nothing, Actus primus, Scena prima
... and he here also points out why many men don't bother with testing - family resemblence is convincing
enough. I have two daughters. One is the image of my sister as a child, and the other looks so much my mother did at that age that people mistake childhood photos of one for the other.
In the absence of any particular reason for doubt, blood
tests would be a waste of time and money.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-15 17:03:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Paternity issues 
This is still a mis-reading. The population they are refering
to is self-selected - men who, for one reason or another,
decide to spend the $450 - $600 it costs to do the tests.
For most people, that's not an insignificant outlay, and will
not be taken unless there is some other reason for suspicion.
When the price gets down to the <$100 range, I hope that it
becomes a standard part of the childbirth package.
I heard somewhere that ~10% of firstborns are cuckoos (can't give a cite), but the number is lower for later children.  Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-15 17:03:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Paternity issues 
This is still a mis-reading. The population they are refering
to is self-selected - men who, for one reason or another,
decide to spend the $450 - $600 it costs to do the tests.
For most people, that's not an insignificant outlay, and will
not be taken unless there is some other reason for suspicion.
When the price gets down to the <$100 range, I hope that it
becomes a standard part of the childbirth package.
I heard somewhere that ~10% of firstborns are cuckoos (can't give a cite), but the number is lower for later children.  Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-15 17:29:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: One of Jim Bell's former hobbies. 
I was researching something entirely non-cpunkish (yes, it was work-related :-) and came across this Jim apparenly had/has a really cool Spacewar
console at home, which an appreciative gamer
rescued shortly before the JBTs moved in.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-15 17:29:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: One of Jim Bell's former hobbies. 
I was researching something entirely non-cpunkish (yes, it was work-related :-) and came across this Jim apparenly had/has a really cool Spacewar
console at home, which an appreciative gamer
rescued shortly before the JBTs moved in.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-19 09:56:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Did you notice [UK vs US crime rates] 
A recent article in the Economist points this out:
% of people who were victim of a crime, once or more, in 1999:
Violent crime:
England & Wales: 3.5%
US: 1.9%
Car theft England & Wales: 2.6%
US: 0.5%
Burglery (including attempts)
England & Wales: 5%
US: 3.8% The article opens:
BRITAIN may have slipped down many world league tables over the
past few decades, but it beats all other rich countries except
Australia in one activity: crime. According to a new victimisation
survey of industrialised nations, people in England and Wales are
at greater risk than anywhere else of having a car stolen. And
apart from Australia, people who live in England and Wales are at
greater risk of being assaulted, robbed, sexually attacked and
having their homes burgled than are people in any other rich
[end quote]
Now, the murder rate in the US *is* substantially higher than Britain's, but your overall chances of getting through the day
safely are probably higher in the US.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-19 09:56:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Did you notice [UK vs US crime rates] 
A recent article in the Economist points this out:
% of people who were victim of a crime, once or more, in 1999:
Violent crime:
England & Wales: 3.5%
US: 1.9%
Car theft England & Wales: 2.6%
US: 0.5%
Burglery (including attempts)
England & Wales: 5%
US: 3.8% The article opens:
BRITAIN may have slipped down many world league tables over the
past few decades, but it beats all other rich countries except
Australia in one activity: crime. According to a new victimisation
survey of industrialised nations, people in England and Wales are
at greater risk than anywhere else of having a car stolen. And
apart from Australia, people who live in England and Wales are at
greater risk of being assaulted, robbed, sexually attacked and
having their homes burgled than are people in any other rich
[end quote]
Now, the murder rate in the US *is* substantially higher than Britain's, but your overall chances of getting through the day
safely are probably higher in the US.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-19 10:11:13
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [OT] kuro5hin.org || 12 Year Old Girl Commits Suicid e 
ics.com>
323 AD: Constantine makes Chrisitianity the official religion of the Roman
410 AD: Alaric the Goth sacks the city of Rome (by then no longer the
The 'height of the Pagan Empire" came several centuries earlier. Barbarians
couldn't have sacked Rome at it's height - they could not have got within several hundred miles of the city.
"Those who will not study history are condemned to look silly"
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-19 10:11:13
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [OT] kuro5hin.org || 12 Year Old Girl Commits Suicid 
323 AD: Constantine makes Chrisitianity the official religion of the Roman
410 AD: Alaric the Goth sacks the city of Rome (by then no longer the
The 'height of the Pagan Empire" came several centuries earlier. Barbarians
couldn't have sacked Rome at it's height - they could not have got within several hundred miles of the city.
"Those who will not study history are condemned to look silly"
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-20 11:08:24
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Did you notice 
Ken: I'm sure the apparent discounting of the US murder rate by some American
list members seems inexplicable to you. At the risk of being extremely non-PC, I think I can explain why.
The distribution of murders in the US is very heavily skewed towards
groups which are unlikely to be on the list, or acquainted to people
on the list. In short, there is a large disparity in the murder rates for
white, educated professionals (who make up most the membership of
this list) vs poor blacks or latinos.
If you look at the murder rate for white middle/upper class folk, you'll
find its
quite comparable to Britain and other European countries. No person
I have ever known personally has fallen to murder, a statement which
I expect could be made by most the American posters to this list.
While it's sad that people don't factor in the societal risks borne by
'other groups' in this country, it's just human nature.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-20 11:08:24
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Did you notice 
Ken: I'm sure the apparent discounting of the US murder rate by some American
list members seems inexplicable to you. At the risk of being extremely non-PC, I think I can explain why.
The distribution of murders in the US is very heavily skewed towards
groups which are unlikely to be on the list, or acquainted to people
on the list. In short, there is a large disparity in the murder rates for
white, educated professionals (who make up most the membership of
this list) vs poor blacks or latinos.
If you look at the murder rate for white middle/upper class folk, you'll
find its
quite comparable to Britain and other European countries. No person
I have ever known personally has fallen to murder, a statement which
I expect could be made by most the American posters to this list.
While it's sad that people don't factor in the societal risks borne by
'other groups' in this country, it's just human nature.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-20 12:23:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Did you notice 
Well, you could try While this is on a page advocating gun ownership, the statistics cited
are from non-partisan sources.
For some breakdown of US homicides by race, try once again, this is a partisan page, but the stats straight from
the US Gov.  (
This suggests that the US murder rate for whites is about 3 per 100,000, vs 1.41 (total) for England/Wales
Only about 15% of murders in the US are by strangers, so
if you don't feel that your relatives and acquaintences are
particularly likely to bump you off, the murder rate you worry
about ("How likely am *I* to be killed today?") is very, very
low. Even if it's double the UK rate, doubling a very low number
gives you another very low number.
Doesn't anyone besides myself know how to use a search engine, or check numbers before posting?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-20 12:23:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Did you notice 
Well, you could try While this is on a page advocating gun ownership, the statistics cited
are from non-partisan sources.
For some breakdown of US homicides by race, try once again, this is a partisan page, but the stats straight from
the US Gov.  (
This suggests that the US murder rate for whites is about 3 per 100,000, vs 1.41 (total) for England/Wales
Only about 15% of murders in the US are by strangers, so
if you don't feel that your relatives and acquaintences are
particularly likely to bump you off, the murder rate you worry
about ("How likely am *I* to be killed today?") is very, very
low. Even if it's double the UK rate, doubling a very low number
gives you another very low number.
Doesn't anyone besides myself know how to use a search engine, or check numbers before posting?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-22 09:58:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Onlin e 
ics.com>
I fell awfully tempted NOT to inform Jim that potato leaves are poisonous
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-22 09:58:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Onlin 
I fell awfully tempted NOT to inform Jim that potato leaves are poisonous
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-22 15:31:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Hacker obtains "Microsoft" code signing key;  
My reading of this is that a hacker managed to human-engineer Verisign into signing a public
key used for codesigning. While the key is
signed as being Microsofts, it is in fact the
hackers. He can therefore sign his own
ActiveX  components and make them appear
come from Microsoft. Trojan horses, anyone?
Verisign should be getting a lot of flack on this
one - they're who business model relys on being
a trustworthy confirmer of identies.
Peter Trei
Microsoft digital certificate stolen
Verisign issued "virtual notary seal" to computer criminal
                By Bob Sullivan
                      MSNBC
     March 22 Microsoft Corp. issued a warning today to all
its customers that a computer criminal has obtained a
digital certificate with the company's name and
authority. The equivalent of a royal seal, digital
certificates prove software code was written by a particular
company and is safe. Microsoft said the criminal tricked
Verisign Inc. into issuing two of the certificates. The
software giant is warning users to be suspicious of any
program that arrives with a certificate claiming
Microsoft's authority.
     MICROSOFT'S SCOTT CULP said Verisign issued the two
fake certificates accidentally on Jan. 29 and Jan. 30, and
discovered the mistake only recently.  (MSNBC is a
Microsoft-NBC joint venture.)
     Web browsers generally encounter such certificates
when the arrive on a Web site that has an ActiveX control,
which allows dynamic content. Usually, a dialog box pops up
asking the users if they would like to trust the code and
allow it to run on the their machines.
     The fraudulent certificates would indicate to a user
that the code was written by Microsoft and might trick a
victim into allowing the code to run.
     "That's exactly one of the scenarios that pose the
greatest risk," Culp said.       The firm is working on a downloadable solution for the
problem, but it won't be ready for about a week, Culp
said. In the meantime, he urged Web users to be suspicious
of any digital certificate they encounter, suggesting they
check the certificate's details.
     "Anything that says it was issued on 29th and
30th of January is bogus. Do not trust it," Culp said.
HUMAN ERROR?
     Culp blamed the problem on human error inside
Verisign. He said law enforcement is now working with the
company to track the criminal, who apparently was able to
convince Verisign he was a Microsoft employee.
     "This wasn't a failure of technology. It was a failure
of one particular Certificate authority to follow its
procedures," he said.
     Digital certificates are issued by third parties,
called certificate authorities, as a way of virtually
"notarizing" computer code. There are hundreds of
authorities, but Verisign is one of the largest. Each
authority is supposed to follow detailed procedures to
verify the identity of the programmer making a certificate
request.       Verisign did not immediately return phone calls.

@_date: 2001-03-22 15:31:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Hacker obtains "Microsoft" code signing key;  
My reading of this is that a hacker managed to human-engineer Verisign into signing a public
key used for codesigning. While the key is
signed as being Microsofts, it is in fact the
hackers. He can therefore sign his own
ActiveX  components and make them appear
come from Microsoft. Trojan horses, anyone?
Verisign should be getting a lot of flack on this
one - they're who business model relys on being
a trustworthy confirmer of identies.
Peter Trei
Microsoft digital certificate stolen
Verisign issued "virtual notary seal" to computer criminal
                By Bob Sullivan
                      MSNBC
     March 22 Microsoft Corp. issued a warning today to all
its customers that a computer criminal has obtained a
digital certificate with the company's name and
authority. The equivalent of a royal seal, digital
certificates prove software code was written by a particular
company and is safe. Microsoft said the criminal tricked
Verisign Inc. into issuing two of the certificates. The
software giant is warning users to be suspicious of any
program that arrives with a certificate claiming
Microsoft's authority.
     MICROSOFT'S SCOTT CULP said Verisign issued the two
fake certificates accidentally on Jan. 29 and Jan. 30, and
discovered the mistake only recently.  (MSNBC is a
Microsoft-NBC joint venture.)
     Web browsers generally encounter such certificates
when the arrive on a Web site that has an ActiveX control,
which allows dynamic content. Usually, a dialog box pops up
asking the users if they would like to trust the code and
allow it to run on the their machines.
     The fraudulent certificates would indicate to a user
that the code was written by Microsoft and might trick a
victim into allowing the code to run.
     "That's exactly one of the scenarios that pose the
greatest risk," Culp said.       The firm is working on a downloadable solution for the
problem, but it won't be ready for about a week, Culp
said. In the meantime, he urged Web users to be suspicious
of any digital certificate they encounter, suggesting they
check the certificate's details.
     "Anything that says it was issued on 29th and
30th of January is bogus. Do not trust it," Culp said.
HUMAN ERROR?
     Culp blamed the problem on human error inside
Verisign. He said law enforcement is now working with the
company to track the criminal, who apparently was able to
convince Verisign he was a Microsoft employee.
     "This wasn't a failure of technology. It was a failure
of one particular Certificate authority to follow its
procedures," he said.
     Digital certificates are issued by third parties,
called certificate authorities, as a way of virtually
"notarizing" computer code. There are hundreds of
authorities, but Verisign is one of the largest. Each
authority is supposed to follow detailed procedures to
verify the identity of the programmer making a certificate
request.       Verisign did not immediately return phone calls.

@_date: 2001-03-22 19:38:11
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Potatos. [was: John Doe vs. John Doe...] 
Of course not! I try to learn from *other* peoples mistakes.
LECTURE 30 - POISONOUS AND ALLERGENIC PLANTS 2. Saponins (e.g. tomatine in tomato, solanine in potato) a. Natural soaps (as in century plants (Agave))- develop bubbles     but poke holes in membranes (by aggregating cholesterol)
b. Causes nausea, vomiting, diarrhea
c. Solanine present in potato (Solanum tuberosum) - most of     plant except tubers is poisonous. Tuber contains solanine
    too, but toxic dose is about 100 potatoes. Green potatoes     (which turn green after exposure to sunlight) can cause fatal
    poisonings. Green and damaged potatoes are even more toxic.

@_date: 2001-03-22 19:38:11
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Potatos. [was: John Doe vs. John Doe...] 
Of course not! I try to learn from *other* peoples mistakes.
LECTURE 30 - POISONOUS AND ALLERGENIC PLANTS 2. Saponins (e.g. tomatine in tomato, solanine in potato) a. Natural soaps (as in century plants (Agave))- develop bubbles     but poke holes in membranes (by aggregating cholesterol)
b. Causes nausea, vomiting, diarrhea
c. Solanine present in potato (Solanum tuberosum) - most of     plant except tubers is poisonous. Tuber contains solanine
    too, but toxic dose is about 100 potatoes. Green potatoes     (which turn green after exposure to sunlight) can cause fatal
    poisonings. Green and damaged potatoes are even more toxic.

@_date: 2001-03-28 10:30:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Zone On the Range 
Jim's been pinged on this many, many times. He used to include
tens of kilobytes of HTML pages with his postings, but at least he's gotten over that.
I've come to the conclusion that Jim is unable to see things
from another's viewpoint, and so regards it a bad trade to spend
30 seconds of his own time to save man-hours of wasted effort
by his readers.
The result, of course, is that he becomes progressively less effective
at communication, as more and more people tune him out due to
the low value of his postings.
Adam: Jim regards unsolicited private email as a personal affront,
and gets crabby about it. Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-28 10:30:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Zone On the Range 
Jim's been pinged on this many, many times. He used to include
tens of kilobytes of HTML pages with his postings, but at least he's gotten over that.
I've come to the conclusion that Jim is unable to see things
from another's viewpoint, and so regards it a bad trade to spend
30 seconds of his own time to save man-hours of wasted effort
by his readers.
The result, of course, is that he becomes progressively less effective
at communication, as more and more people tune him out due to
the low value of his postings.
Adam: Jim regards unsolicited private email as a personal affront,
and gets crabby about it. Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-28 16:28:08
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Zone On the Range 
This thought has occurred to me, too. At least once a month, a large chunk
of the junk traffic on cpunks is a direct result of Jim's actions - either
posted by him, or by people discussing his almost universally perceived lack
of clue (this message and thread are an example of this).
He is, (in my opinion) a non-asset to this group.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-28 16:28:08
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Zone On the Range 
This thought has occurred to me, too. At least once a month, a large chunk
of the junk traffic on cpunks is a direct result of Jim's actions - either
posted by him, or by people discussing his almost universally perceived lack
of clue (this message and thread are an example of this).
He is, (in my opinion) a non-asset to this group.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-28 18:53:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
Jim: You really don't like to let facts to get in the way of your brilliance, do you?
Check:  To quote:
If Safeweb obscured URLs in a similar manner to COTSE, I'd
be pretty happy.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-28 18:53:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
Jim: You really don't like to let facts to get in the way of your brilliance, do you?
Check:  To quote:
If Safeweb obscured URLs in a similar manner to COTSE, I'd
be pretty happy.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-28 20:02:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
Yes Jim, I am one to talk. In my (small) town, there are no video cameras in
the PO. I've looked for them, carefully and repeatedly. (The notion that my
PO would have concealed cameras while big city POs expose them is for the
clinically paranoid) Traceback is limited by the memory of the two
overworked (at least on Saturday morning) ladies who woman the front desk. Of course, if I was worried I would just send cash.
Well, if you're not going to include a note, of course you're screwed. But
wouldn't you? Set up an account (U=armadillo, P=roadkill), then put some
in a privacy envelope along with a note saying 'This is for armadillo's
(Now Jim, don't raise the spectre of handwriting or typewriter recognition -
I think
that's too silly even for you - can you cite a single case where a (B&W)
or inkjet printed document was identified as coming from a particular well-maintained printer, as opposed to a typewriter? (I didn't think so)).
If you're still worried, get a trusted friend (if you have any) to write the
address. What receipt? Sending cash to anonymizer.com relies on something called trust (which I realize is a foreign concept to you). If they scam you, you
send them cash again.
Cash goes through the mail all the time, especially around Christmas. While a few 'cash sniffing dogs' do exist, the notion that domestic
first class mail is routinely checked for small quantities of perfectly legal cash is another sign of clinical paranoia (or of someone who realizes he's backed into a corner and is resorting to heroic measures rather than admit defeat in an argument).
           [anonymizer.com allows payment by cash or money order]
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-28 20:02:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
Yes Jim, I am one to talk. In my (small) town, there are no video cameras in
the PO. I've looked for them, carefully and repeatedly. (The notion that my
PO would have concealed cameras while big city POs expose them is for the
clinically paranoid) Traceback is limited by the memory of the two
overworked (at least on Saturday morning) ladies who woman the front desk. Of course, if I was worried I would just send cash.
Well, if you're not going to include a note, of course you're screwed. But
wouldn't you? Set up an account (U=armadillo, P=roadkill), then put some
in a privacy envelope along with a note saying 'This is for armadillo's
(Now Jim, don't raise the spectre of handwriting or typewriter recognition -
I think
that's too silly even for you - can you cite a single case where a (B&W)
or inkjet printed document was identified as coming from a particular well-maintained printer, as opposed to a typewriter? (I didn't think so)).
If you're still worried, get a trusted friend (if you have any) to write the
address. What receipt? Sending cash to anonymizer.com relies on something called trust (which I realize is a foreign concept to you). If they scam you, you
send them cash again.
Cash goes through the mail all the time, especially around Christmas. While a few 'cash sniffing dogs' do exist, the notion that domestic
first class mail is routinely checked for small quantities of perfectly legal cash is another sign of clinical paranoia (or of someone who realizes he's backed into a corner and is resorting to heroic measures rather than admit defeat in an argument).
           [anonymizer.com allows payment by cash or money order]
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-29 10:57:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
As usual, Jim relies on selective quotation when it suits his purpose. In
city POs, the cameras are out in the open. I stand by my position (stated in
the parts of my letter he deleted) that the absence of easily visible
cameras in my small town PO is not evidence of hidden cameras, but evidence that there are none.
Of course, he can't give an actual citation for a policy of concealed cameras in POs. He'd rather contend that 800,000 USPS civiilian employees, most of whom have no security clearance, all have maintained the existance of the hidden cameras in 38,000 POs as a perfect secret for years, while running 200 billion pieces of mail a year past cash-sniffing dogs. Jim needs to learn a few things from William of Occam.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-29 10:57:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
As usual, Jim relies on selective quotation when it suits his purpose. In
city POs, the cameras are out in the open. I stand by my position (stated in
the parts of my letter he deleted) that the absence of easily visible
cameras in my small town PO is not evidence of hidden cameras, but evidence that there are none.
Of course, he can't give an actual citation for a policy of concealed cameras in POs. He'd rather contend that 800,000 USPS civiilian employees, most of whom have no security clearance, all have maintained the existance of the hidden cameras in 38,000 POs as a perfect secret for years, while running 200 billion pieces of mail a year past cash-sniffing dogs. Jim needs to learn a few things from William of Occam.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-03-29 22:38:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
Curious. I just accessed  thru Safeweb with no
problem whatsoever. I'm using Netscape Communicator 4.72 on
an NT 4 box

@_date: 2001-03-29 22:38:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
Curious. I just accessed  thru Safeweb with no
problem whatsoever. I'm using Netscape Communicator 4.72 on
an NT 4 box

@_date: 2001-11-01 10:31:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Fw: <nettime> New Scientist: Microwave Crowd Dispersal Tested 
Leather or wet clothes may shield most of the body. A wild guess to protect the eyes would be something that puts a transparent conductive material over them - mirror sunglasses, the mylar glasses used for eclipse observations (though you could not see anything else through them :-(), or the conductive, mostly transparent plastic material which is used to package static sensitive electronic components.
Another possibility is to make goggles out of metal flyscreen -
since the wavelength is 3mm, it's doubtful that they can penetrate.
Chain mail would also work for the body.

@_date: 2001-11-05 10:18:36
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Typical Choatian Incompetence. [RE: WHDH-TV - Channel 7 - Boston  
Of course, this URL points to the *latest* local news story.
As I write, it concerns a local murderer. While it's good that the Choate no longer includes
entire web pages as attachments, this link is
useless as it stands.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-05 15:09:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: DEA raid on med marij in Hollywood  
"A Puritan is someone who is desperately afraid that, somewhere, someone might be having a good time."       - H.L. Mencken Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-07 10:19:25
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
Try explaining that to the widow of the fireman who was trying to save your
...of course, that's assuming that it works perfectly, with no false
Reality rarely matches marketing. The accuracy rates for face recognition
are good
iff and only iff the subject is cooperating. With your proposed system, if
you forgot to
take off your sunglasses when you went in the house, you're probably dead.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-08 15:18:45
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: FBI wants to believe in domestic terrorists. 
What's this 'us' bit? Jim, I don't know what 'right wing
extremist hate groups' you may belong to, but don't
confuse such groups with the subscribers to this open mailing list, especially to third parties.
This is not a 'group', and includes people from every
part of the political spectrum. About the only thing that
can be said to be in common among subscribers is that
they think that crypto is in some way important.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-08 15:58:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
I've been thinking along these lines myself - Tim got to the post
There are two points I'd like to make.
1. The reasons which are publicly aired for installing the current
'security' regime are (in my considered opinion) NOT the actually reasons.
US airlines insisting on IDs which match tickets has nothing to do with airline security, and everything to do with extracting as
much cash as possible from the public.
Before the Pan Am 800 accident, when people were freeer, there
was a secondary market in airline tickets which the original purchasers could not, for one reason or another, use. If you
bought a non-refundable return ticket, and then could not
use it, you could sell it to someone who did want to travel
on those dates to that location. The price varied, but was
less than the cost to the repurchaser of buying a ticket from
the airline.
Due to the vast cost differential (up to 10:1) between the cost
of a ticket to fly tomorrow, vs the cost of a 'two week advance,
stay Saturday night' Supersaver, it was actually economic for
large corporations to buy a steady supply of Supersavers, and
hand them out in pairs to execs who had to make quick trips -
it was cheaper to eat the cost of the unused whole or half
tickets than to buy them only when they were needed.
The airlines hated this. The 'you must have a government id
which matches the name on the ticket' rule put an end to
the fungibility of airline tickets, which boosted their bottom
It's got nothing to do with security.
2. The capability vs credential argument runs all through
security. For example: Signed ActiveX code is using the
credential model, while the Java sandbox uses the capability
Another: 'Trust us not to look at your email without a warrant' is the credential model. 'Encrypt your email so they cant look
at it' is the capability model.
Techies tend to prefer the capability model over the credential
model - it not only works, but can be seen to work, and does
not rely on trust. Institutions prefer that people use the credential model, since that allows them to change the rules at the drop of a hat.  You can imagine applying the two models to airline passengers,
both of which would act to reduce the frequency of security 1. Capability model: You don't need to have ID at all, you can
pay cash on the plane (as I used to do on People Express)
but you'll get searched up the wazoo, and everything down to
a too-sharp pencil confiscated.
2. Credential model: You can take your Glock on board,
provided it's loaded with frangible bullets. However you'll have to have biometricaly enabled ID from the NRA certifying
that you've taken the 'Guns on Planes' course, a signed
affadavit from a psychiatrist saying you're sane and not
overly excitable, and a note from Mom saying you can.
Both are better from a security point of view than having unidentified armed people on board.
Always remember: The *stated* reason an institution puts
a restrictive policy is put in place do not necessarily have anything to do with the *actual* reason the institution
wants to put it in place.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-09 13:11:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: The Republican Position on USC T 18 Ch 115 Sec 2383ff 
As I said in an earlier post, there is usually a gulf - a huge one, between
what institutions say and what they do
Consider these actions of Lincoln in the light the above quotes:
Also, should those who debate the greatness of Lincoln
ignore the fact that he arrested and exiled a US Congressman
from Ohio - Clement Valladingham - who was also running for
governor of Ohio at the time, over anti-war remarks made
during a campaign speech?  Valladingham was arrested in his
bedroom in the middle of the night.
Should one also overlook Lincoln's destruction of the rule
of law in "loyal" Maryland? When Maryland voiced its support
for the CSA and appeared itself ready to secede, Lincoln
arrested 31 Maryland legislators, the mayor of Baltimore
(the nation's 3rd largest city at the time), and a US
Congressman from Maryland, as well as numerous editors and
Not only did Lincoln imprison two US Congressmen, he also
wrote out an arrest warrant for the Chief Justice of the US
Supreme Court, Roger Taney, after Taney wrote the opinion in
Ex Parte Merryman (1861) rebuking Lincoln's illegitimate
suspension of habeas corpus (see Charles Adams, p
46-53). John Marshall, whose opinion in Marbury v. Madison
(1803) famously declared that "It is emphatically the
province and duty of the judicial department to say what the
law is," also wrote the opinion in Ex Parte Bollman and
Swartwout (1807) declaring that suspension of habeas corpus
was a power vested only in the Congress. Lincoln simply
ignored the law. Additionally, US Army troops refused to
release Merryman into the custody of a federal marshal sent
by Taney pursuant to the court order that Merryman be freed.
Lincoln, then, imprisoned members of the federal legislative
branch, and also sought to imprison the chief member of the
federal judiciary. What happened to checks and balances?
Lincoln, with the backing of the army, simply exercised
whatever powers he desired. As noted Lincoln scholar Mark
Neely writes in The Last Best Hope of Earth, Lincoln
arrested the Marylanders "without much agonizing over their
constitutionality" (p 133).

@_date: 2001-11-12 12:45:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Sircam's humor: "animal farm novel report.doc" forwarded to 
Humor? I think it's sad. The sad thing, of course, is that 'Eleanor' does
not recognize that Animal Farm is a person-by-person, event-by-event,
allegorization of the Russian Revolution and ensuing events. Such is the
state of modern education.
Those who will not remember the past....
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-13 10:45:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Rating System 
How about suggestions to drop the whole idea?
(I'm sort of reminded of the classic Crumb cartoon: A bunch
of hippies sitting around a room, and one of them says
"I've got a great idea: Everyone stop playing head games with each other, starting now!")
This is a Really Bad Idea, for a number of reasons.
1. Any system of normalized 'voluntary' labeling has a habit of becoming effectively mandatory - see the content ratings on movies, and now video games and records. How'd you like to see the sorts of ratings you're proposing applied to books and magazines?
I don't want to see pissing matches over whether Alice
applied the right lables, in Bob's opinion.
2. Content drifts on this list, rapidly and frequently. 'Enemy at the door' started out with a truly stupid and dangerous idea for a face-recognition based booby trap, and finished as a  discussion of long-haul 802.11b networks. Asking every  person posting to spend time considering detailed and accurate labeling for every post they make is hopeless.
3. Irony, allegory, and insinuation are an integral part of activity on this type of mailing list, and by their nature, cannot be accurately captured by a rating system. Don't misapply a system created for more-or-less static standalone web pages to a freewheeling discussion list where each message cannot be properly understood except in light of a lot of context and history.
4. The things people complain about are usually much less
about topic, then they are complaints about other poster's positions on a given topic. We don't bitch too much about
postings concerning physics (which are pretty off-topic), but
we waste a lot of bits on bitching about Choate's version of
physics. This kind of thing is also not really captured by a
self-applied rating system.
I'm all in favor of informative Subject lines, but to systematize something just for the sake of systematizing it is pointless petty authoritarianism.
Just what *problem* are you trying to solve, anyway?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-19 10:58:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Sigh, the truth is out there; you just need to look it up.
Pu-239 (the major isotope of weapons grade plutonium) has a half life of
over 24,000 years, and is an alpha emitter. Alphas are very, very feeble, and won't get past the dead outer layer of your skin.
Pu-241 (a minor contaminant) is a bigger problem since it has a half life
of only 14.4. years, and decays to americium 241. Am-241 is a gamma
emitter, and a lot more difficult to shield.
Newly processed weapons grade PU in solid lumps is relatively harmless
stuff. I wouldn't want to hold it in my bare hand, but it's a pretty low
operation. Any serious mechanical processing will make dust, which is an entirely different scale of risk.
I have a vague memory of seeing a photo of a ?3 inch? ball of Pu (isotopic
composition unknown) in one of those old Time-Life books. The ball glowed
a dull red with it's own internal heat.
[Bet this post gets me on some list. Knowing how to use Google is
starting to be viewed as suspicious.]
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-20 09:28:17
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: "quitting havenco", not quite! 
[...]
Ryan and the other HavenCo folks deserve *massive* kudos for this. (now, when is the HavenCo remailer going online? :-)
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-20 10:56:02
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: The bookburning begins... 
My favorite sentence from the  referenced article is:
:"We have to get away from the ethos that knowledge is good,
knowledge should be publicly available, that information
will liberate us," said University of Pennsylvania
bioethicist Arthur Caplan."

@_date: 2001-11-20 12:05:59
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Liberating the Phillipine Islands 
One of the positive points of having young kids is that you get to
watch cartoons without embarassment.
This post instantly brought to mind the show 'Pinky and the Brain',
with Bush and Cheney respectively filling the title roles.
Pinky: "What are we gong to do tonight, Brain?"
Brain: "Same thing we do every night, you numbskull..."
[wait for it]
"Try to TAKE OVER THE WORLD!"
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-21 09:46:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter  
The overloading of the word 'forging' (in the context of this list's
nominal topic) is just too delicious an irony to let pass unnoticed...
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-26 11:35:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Slashdot | McAfee Will Ignore FBI Spyware 
A few years ago I coined the term 'espionage-enabled' to
describe the 'International' version of Lotus Notes, with it's
blabbing 88 of 128 bits of encryption keys wrapped with an
NSA supplied public key.
I guess it's time to label another product.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-26 11:35:51
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Curious. 4-5 years ago Denning and another associate (I forget who, it's in the archives :-) tried to market an authentication
scheme which purported to authenticate the location of a remote
user using GPS. The idea was that the user's machine would pick up the aggregate analog GPS signal available at it's location (either the regular, non-classified version or the high-precision classified signals), and transmit it to the server, which would use it to work out the location of the user - a user who was located at 'Pentagon, third ring, fourth floor, Army segment' would be accorded different privilieges than one whose location decoded as 'Presidential Palace, Baghdad'.
I and several other list subscribers pointed out numerous
issues. Among them were:
1. GPS signals don't work well in buildings of substantial
construction, and the chance of them working at all in a TEMPEST shielded building are about zip.
2. There are numerous DOS attacks available - the GPS
signals are easily jammed. One amusing approach would
be to use GPS test equipment to generate signals appropriate for a different location (eg, Pyongyang) and
beam them at the site to be DOS'd. 4. Conversely, an  attacker could use the same test equipment
to make it look like he's in the Pentagon, when he's actually
in Kandahar.
5. GPS is based on the relative time delays of signals from different satellites. Since network lag of hundreds of milliseconds must be accepted, anyone who can see the same set of satellites as the location to be spoofed can separate the signals from the different satellites, modify the lags appropriately, and remix to generate a
spoofed analog signal.
I sent these concerns to Denning, who replied that she
would address them only under NDA, which I declined to
This sounds an awful lot like old wine in new bottles. Many
of the same concerns arise.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: The above represents only my personal

@_date: 2001-11-26 11:50:35
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Ridiculous Airline Security Story N+1 and N+2... 
Rohit (whom I know slightly) is too much a gentleman
to suggest that he may be being hit due to racial Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-26 11:54:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Thoughts in proxy services. 
[Ryan replied on the list to a private email I sent him. I'm
sending the original letter to provide context for his reply.]
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-28 17:51:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Leahy is now an Enemy of the State 
Actually, the deteriorating standard of justice in this country is starting
to blow up in the faces of Bush2 and his gang.
EU regs forbid extraditing people to countries with lower standards of
than practiced in the EU. Spain has already refused to extradite the Al Qeada(sp?) suspects it's arrested, unless it's guarenteed that the USG won't kill them.. Spain (like most civilized countries) has abolished the death penalty, and doesn't think highly of places which haven't.
Sending them to a place where they may be tried
by a secret tribunal is also a regarded as a problem
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-30 11:04:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
While I'm not a shootingpunk, here a couple points.
1. The space behind the slug of a man-usable firearm isn't that
big. To get a decent velocity you have to pack it with a propellant
with a high energy content. Gas or vapor phase systems are generally too low in energy/volume  (consider: you can run a
car on cylinders with <100cc of space above the cylinder at
max compression. If you filled the same space with cordite
you'd blow the engine apart instantly).
Using a larger combustion chamber feeding into the space
behind the slug might work (search on gas guns). The whole thing gets complex and heavy, since you have to mix the fuel and oxidizer, and feed in the slug.
2. Liquid propellant guns (search on that term) are well
developed for artillary, but I don't know of any light weapons which use this. LPGs are kind of neat in howitzer type applications because (1) A tank of
propellant & a rack of projectiles takes less space
than cased solid propellant shells, so you can carry
more ammo, and (2) you can vary the propellant
from shot to shot based on emergent conditions. One
neat hack is 'time on target' in which a series of rounds
are fired in quick succession, at different elevations and
propellant load so they all arrive at the target simultaneously.
(the LPG liquid propellant does not need an added oxidizer).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-11-30 14:34:23
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
Another problem with the Gyrojet was accuracy. Since it left the barrel
much more slowly than a traditional round, gyroscopic stabilization was at a minimum at the start of the shell's path. A slight wobble
at this point would translate into a large deviation at the target.

@_date: 2001-10-02 09:36:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Customs wants lists of all air passengers, foreign & domestic. 
"Obtaining information on passengers traveling within the United States
also could be helpful to law enforcement." - Robert Bonner
Remember, as far as Big Brother is concerned, the end justifies the
This scheme would be greatly facilitated by Gephardt & Ellison's proposed ID card/internal passport.
Peter Trei
Tuesday October 2 3:33 AM ET Customs Wants Lists of Passengers
By JEANNINE AVERSA, Associated Press Writer WASHINGTON (AP) - Airlines should be required to turn over their
advance lists of passengers to screen for possible terrorists, the new
Customs Service commissioner says. Robert Bonner, in an interview with The Associated Press, said
Monday he first wants the passenger information for all international
flights headed for the United States. Then, he said, Congress should
consider requiring that such information be turned over for domestic
flights as well. The Customs Service has access to about 85 percent of international
flight passenger information under a voluntary program with the airlines.
It has no information on domestic flights. ``I believe that it would be extremely valuable if there is a requirement
that the airlines provide that information to Customs, to feed it into our
data base and thereby identify potential terrorists or other suspects who
make an attempt to enter the U.S.,'' Bonner said. On air travel, the agency has received information voluntarily from
airlines since 1988 on international air passengers, including names, birth
dates, nationality and travel document numbers. The information is
collected at the time of departure and transmitted to Customs while
flights are en route to the United States. Ninety-five air carriers and two governments - Australia's and New
Zealand's - transmit data on international soon-to-arrive air passengers
to a Customs facility in Virginia. Air carriers from Saudi Arabia, Kuwait,
Pakistan and Egypt are among those that don't participate, Customs
spokesman Dennis Murphy said. To force airlines to give international passenger information to Customs
may require congressional action. ``For a foreign airline that would be unwilling to provide the information,
we should simply deny the right to land in the United States,'' Bonner
suggested. Obtaining information on passengers traveling within the United States
also could be helpful to law enforcement, he said.

@_date: 2001-10-04 12:42:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Nifty secret bank system 
This type of thing is old - The Knights Templar set up a system by which a pilgrim could deposit money in his home country, and get a letter of
which would enable him or her to draw on that at Templar preceptories across Europe and into the Holy Land (12th century). I wouldnt be
suprised if there were Roman or earlier versions as well.
The split-bill technique has old roots.
"By the thirteenth century in England, private dealers,
accountants and businessmen were using a royal financial
system of the twelfth century to commit their business
transactions to a physical medium.  Their motivation was
only to monitor and keep track of the multitude of
transactions with clients in order to protect their
self-interest.  Thirteenth-century English businessmen used
tally sticks to record a proof of payment for goods
purchased or to show the liability of one party to make
payments to another.  Tally sticks were made of hazel wood
and the transactions taking place would be recorded and
reflected by notches carved into the tally with a knife.
The names of the parties involved in the transaction were
recorded with ink beside the notches, usually in Hebrew,
Latin or French. Tallies have also been found to have seals
attached to them, which were most likely used to
authenticate the record.  The size and shape of the notches,
and therefore the terms of the transaction, would be
mutually agreed upon by both parties, at which time the
tally would be split down the middle.  The two halves could
then be brought together, like two pieces of a puzzle, to
attest to the actual occurrence of the transaction and to
protect against forgery (10).  The tally stick is a
bipartite record whereby both parties have a portion of the
record to keep for their own interest and for evidence
should they need to prove an obligation or right.
Medieval chirographs are also characterized by their
bipartite nature.  Chirographs recorded agreements and
transactions of many things including the exchanges of goods
and services for financial consideration.  The terms of the
contract are written out twice (once on either side of the
parchment) and one large title is then written across the
top of the parchment spanning both instances of the
contract.  The parchment was then split down the middle, so
each party could retain a record of the contract.  Like the
tally stick, the two pieces of parchment could be brought
together and if the title at the top of the parchment lined
up correctly, the contract was deemed authentic."
[These tallysticks piled up in government archives, and
were kept long after no one could read them (the dead media
problem isn't new, either). In 1834 it was decided to dispose
of them by burning, but the fire got out of control and burned
down the Palace of Westminster]
More recently, in (I think) Philadelphia, people were able to
claim rewards for anonymous tips by sending in a torn sheet
of paper along with the tip. They could later pick up the cash from a designated bank by producing the other half, and showing
that the two matched. No ids where required.
Britain did this in the late 60's, with a 50 pound limit. It was widely
Graham Greene features it in 'Travels with my aunt" (which I reccomend

@_date: 2001-10-04 15:56:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Russian plane explodes before crashing into the black sea 
Said 'nads may already be on the bottom of the Black Sea. Willing-to-suicide
terrorists change the security equations in many ways.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-09 13:40:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: al Qaeda website? 
Actually, us old timers remember what it was like before google,
or even altavista (the first real search engine). Heck, some of us
remember what it was like before Usenet...
In the early days of the web, you would start from some site which
was vaguely associated with your topic, and follow links using a
hill-climbing search pattern. It was slow, and kind of hit-or-miss.
However, unlike today, many site maintainers really tried to maintain
up-to-date, useful, and annotated lists of links to related sites. Yahoo
started as just such a site, aglommerating link lists for many topics.
(The web was a lot smaller in those days).
Google is much goodness...
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-10 09:33:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Google and the Net 
You get an interesting recursion problem arising - does your 'memory
of the web' site include sites which contain archives for the purpose of
being 'memory of the web'? Shades of Godel....
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-10 10:16:59
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: US Food Aid Propaganda 
This is one of those things where you can run the numbers.      ...37500 meals dropped on Sunday. The packages don't look like they weighed much more than a pound. Lets be very generous, and say 1 kilo.
That's 37.5 metric tons in one night, max. Sounds like a lot?
According to the World Food Program website (
the UN is trying to truck in 52,000 tons a month. Assuming a
30 day month, that's 1733 tons/day. The US bombing shut down the UN aid delivery for a few days,
(it's now going ahead again, even under fire, because the need is so critical). The US airdrops replaced, at the very maximum, less then
2.5% of the food whose delivery was prevented by the I'm reminded of the recent corporate ad from RJ Reynolds, where they made of deal of delivering some amount (less
then 10 tons, I think) or aid to Kosovo. That amounted to
a single truckload. They then spent many times the cost
of the aid on airtime to trumpet their humanitarian efforts.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-11 10:00:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Freedoms Curtailed In Defense Of Liberty 
The scary thing, or course, is that this is so close to current
government rhetoric that intelligent, observent people have to
look twice realize that (for the moment) it's satire. Life is starting to imitate art. Too bad the artist is Orwell.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-15 11:10:16
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: How not to be seen (Re:  RIAA Safeweb Proxy ID) 
The implied asumption above, of course, is that Safeweb narcs to their
investor, the
CIA, and so on to the US Government.
Actually, depending on your threat model, Safeweb can provide a very useful
One of the things a Safeweb proxy does is SSL all your traffic between your
and Safeweb. Even URLs are encrypted. The upshot of this is that if your
worry is not
a TLA, but rather, a snoopy employer watching the firewall to see who visits
monster.com, safeweb provides a good shield. If you're asked why you use it,
you can point out that it allows you to research competitors without tipping
them off. [For those curious, I've just survived the current round of layoffs at RSA.
I'm curious
as to whether other RSA employees on the list have (you know who you are).
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-15 17:03:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Slashdot | First Steganographic Image Found In The Wild NOT 
Read the goddamn article before posting. This is just a regurgitation of the
Goldman/Provos/ABC article in which they faked up a stego'd
picture for a newscast.
It is NOT an example of 'stego in the wild', and if you'd bothered to read
the comment stream on the slashdot article, you'd know that.
You're wasting peoples time with false and misleading info, and
show yourself to be a fool.
But when since was that unusual?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-17 14:15:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: ChefPunks 
The whole point of an autoclave is that the superheated steam and
condesing superheated water drops transfer heat to the target faster
than simple hot air at 1 atm. Putting the material to be sterilized in a waterproof container defeats
this goal. Putting it in a pressure tight container such as a canning
jar is doubley futile - either the superheated steam and water won't
get to the material to be sterilized, or the container will fail Autoclaving ain't for delicate materials. Irradiation would be a better bet. Anthrax spores are (so I've heard) pretty sensitive to UV, so ionizing radiation may not be neccesary.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-19 10:20:34
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: FBI anthrax posters. 
There may be only 3000 left if every person Tim (or someone else) feel
'needs killing' gets whacked. How many of us are on *nobody's* "little

@_date: 2001-10-19 11:08:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Artpunks] RE: MWandawi art 
The picture refered to (titled 'Signs') is actually the most information rich in the entire gallery. It appears to be an assemblage of images
which are emblematic of a large number of world cultures.
As you say, it's a lousy, low res jpg, but without even trying, I
can recognize:
*Blue jeans
*Olmec head
*Roman Mosaic
*God and Adam's hands from the Sistine chapel
*Ancient Egyptian mural
*Inscribed wall blocks (Tibetian?)
*Arabic wall inscription
*Turkish coffee pot
*Egyptian hieraglyphic(sp) wall inscription
*An image of Ganesh, the Hindu god who is *An African mask
*A Dutch wooden shoe.
...and many others. If you'd checked the rest of the guy's site you'd know
that he had recently vacationed in Holland.
My take on this is that the site (and the guy) are entirely innocent.
I wouldn't particularly want his stuff hanging on my walls, but it's
similar to 'art' I'd find in a second string SoHo gallery.
I'm mailing him a copy of the letter that started it all. I'm curious if he'll respond.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-22 11:16:09
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
'Except for official or business purposes' is a hole big enough to drive
a HAZMAT tanker through, privacy-wise. It means that any business
that want to can snarf the data, legally. I recently bought a car - every
dealer photocopied licenses before handing us a movable, disposable
asset worth several $10^4k to take away for a test drive.
I'd have been suprised if they hadn't.
All this does is provide the LEOs with yet another line in the laundry
list of violations they paste on accuseds, to up the time in jail if they
manage to get a conviction.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-10-24 10:47:58
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Neverending Cycle ( was : Re: USPS: glowing by leaps and boun 
to researchers the world over with few checks, for veterinary and medical research purposes. If so, it's presence in the envelopes tells us little about the source.
BTW: My understanding is that the USPS plans to irradiate mail
with UV light. This could kill spores on the outside, but won't affect film, seeds, or properly packed biological materials.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-04 15:03:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
You haven't gone to too many conferences lately, have you?
Palmsource 2001:
At door: $1395, early bird $995 (add $745 for tutorials).
Comdex fall 2001:
As high as $2895. if you get a 'flex pass'. Most attendees
will probably be paying from $0 (exhibits only, online reg)
to $1895 (2 conferences).
RSA 2002:
At-door full-conference registration is $1795, not including $495 for the tutorials. (that's the worst case - it's half that before Dec 4, and there are  a number of lower-cost options).

@_date: 2001-09-12 14:59:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
I noticed one data point which suggests that the terrorists on Flight 11
from Boston did not have the flying skills of a commercial pilot.
CNN at one point showed the ground track of the flight (it was available
on some website). The flight kept it's normal track (slightly north of
west from Boston) until it crossed over the NY state border. Soon after
that, it took a sharp left turn and headed south for NYC. But not a straight
line - it was clear that they were following the Hudson River.
So, they were using visual navigation. An experienced, instrument rated
pilot could have flown a direct route to NYC, somewhat shortening the time his colleagues would have had to keep the passengers subdued. Further on the skills thing - at one time I toyed with the idea of getting
a private pilots license, and even took a couple lessons. I found that the
experience I had gained using a Flight Simulator program on a PC was
invaluable, particularly for getting the hang straight-and-level flight,
coordinated turns, changing altitudes, etc, which are all the skills that the terrorist would have needed.
This morning the local media here in Massachusetts were reporting that
a bag for the flight which fortuitously failed to get on the plane was found to contain a Koran, "Islamic materials", and a videotape on flying commercial jets. Clearly, someone who was already a commercial pilot would not have needed the latter item.
I sincerely hope that the remaining perpetrators of this atrocity are found and punished, but entertain no illusions that doing so will prevent future attacks. That can only come from a shift of US government attitude from "I've got the biggest stick", to one of non-interference. Sweden and Switzerland come to mind as prosperous, modern, western nations which don't have problems with terrorism. Our country should look to such successful terrorism prevention policies as examples.

@_date: 2001-09-12 15:41:30
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
Palme was proof that folks who interefere in other people's business get
burned. He was far from merely a Swedish president. He lost that position
in 1976, regaining it in 1982 (he was murdered in 1986). In the interim, he was an international do-gooder, meddling in the affairs of many countries. The list of possible enemies is long, including Croatian nationalists, Kurds, West German terrorist factions, and South African
secret police (he was killed a week after speaking at an anti-apartheid
rally). There is also a possibility that it was an internal assassination.
Whoever killed him, this was an attack aimed at Palme personally,
not at Swedes in general.  So my point stands - very, very few
people consider the Swedes or Sweden as a 'Great Satan'. The US
could do worse than take a leaf from their book.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:06:02
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
Two points:
1. Goverments misdefine things whenever it fits their purposes. I
don't see that other have to automatically bow before their
2. *Even if*, for the sake of argument, we decide to use the text
you quote as a definition; I fail to see how it rules out the possibility
of nations engaging in terrorism - because of the phrase 'clandestine
agents'. Clandestine agents include secret services.
To give just two example:
When Libyan agents carried out the bombing over Lockerbie, was that
terrorism, or an act of war?
When the CIA secretly mined the harbors of Nicaragua, was that terrorism, or an act of war? Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:06:02
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: "Attack on America" - a Personal  Response (fwd) 
Two points:
1. Goverments misdefine things whenever it fits their purposes. I
don't see that other have to automatically bow before their
2. *Even if*, for the sake of argument, we decide to use the text
you quote as a definition; I fail to see how it rules out the possibility
of nations engaging in terrorism - because of the phrase 'clandestine
agents'. Clandestine agents include secret services.
To give just two example:
When Libyan agents carried out the bombing over Lockerbie, was that
terrorism, or an act of war?
When the CIA secretly mined the harbors of Nicaragua, was that terrorism, or an act of war? Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-14 16:25:16
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
I haven't paid enough attention to AF to be able to form an opinion as to
whether she's threatened anyone. However, her second sentence is such a
strange Clintonesque legalistic circumlocution that it raises questions as to just what she may be be tiptoeing around (possibly nothing). If her character could not be 'placed into question' ... 'in this regard',
to just
what exactly is she responding? Why can't she just make a clear, unambiguous statement, as in the first sentence? There seem to be at least 3 levels of ambiguity in the second sentence.
A better followup would have been: "If you maintain otherwise,
show the quote where I am threatening someone. Put up or shut up."
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-19 16:16:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CNN poll 
While these online polls are rarely terribly meaningful,
I will note that CNN has one going now, at
It asks 'Would you accept more government involvement in your
life if it meant more security against terrorism?"
So far:
Yes: 70% 118946 votes
No:  30% 49938 votes
Peter Trei
"They that give up necessary liberty to obtain temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety."

@_date: 2001-09-20 13:46:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: from alt.security.terrorism 
Ahh, you happy, fortunate few!
What it is is ancient history. Check out
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:14:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: What might have happened on Sept. 11... 
Think it through Jim, if  you can.
What would actually happen is that there would not be an attempt
to hijack the plane. The only reason the terrorists pulled it off
on the first three was that the usual protocol for hijacks involves
landing, and letting most/all of the passengers off unharmed.
For disarmed passengers, the best option for survival was to anticipate this protocol, and sit tight.
As soon as some of the passengers on plane 4 learned what
a different protocol was in effect, the terrorists were doomed. If a hijack was attempted today, even against disarmed passengers
by terrorists with guns there would be, in the words of one recent post 'entrails on the windows, even if the passengers were Quaker
A plane where there is a chance that a significant fraction of the
passengers are armed (hopefully with frangible, low velocity ammo)
is no longer a soft target, even to terrorists with guns. They best
they can hope to do is crash the plane, without any precise selection
of target.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:14:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: What might have happened on Sept. 11... 
Think it through Jim, if  you can.
What would actually happen is that there would not be an attempt
to hijack the plane. The only reason the terrorists pulled it off
on the first three was that the usual protocol for hijacks involves
landing, and letting most/all of the passengers off unharmed.
For disarmed passengers, the best option for survival was to anticipate this protocol, and sit tight.
As soon as some of the passengers on plane 4 learned what
a different protocol was in effect, the terrorists were doomed. If a hijack was attempted today, even against disarmed passengers
by terrorists with guns there would be, in the words of one recent post 'entrails on the windows, even if the passengers were Quaker
A plane where there is a chance that a significant fraction of the
passengers are armed (hopefully with frangible, low velocity ammo)
is no longer a soft target, even to terrorists with guns. They best
they can hope to do is crash the plane, without any precise selection
of target.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-24 11:03:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: What might have happened on Sept. 11... 
Zombywuf appears to be a Brit - one of those people who have been disarmed for so long that he/she has no real knowledge of firearms. That, or he/she does not read very well.
I made specific reference to 'frangible, low velocity' ammunition. This is
prevent the very scenario he describes. (this is basicly a plastic dumdum
bullet with a low charge of propellent - at short range quite lethal, but unable to penetrate objects much more solid than cloth or meat.
If every adult in the US was armed, we'd be a much more polite
society, and have much less crime.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-24 11:03:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: What might have happened on Sept. 11... 
Zombywuf appears to be a Brit - one of those people who have been disarmed for so long that he/she has no real knowledge of firearms. That, or he/she does not read very well.
I made specific reference to 'frangible, low velocity' ammunition. This is
prevent the very scenario he describes. (this is basicly a plastic dumdum
bullet with a low charge of propellent - at short range quite lethal, but unable to penetrate objects much more solid than cloth or meat.
If every adult in the US was armed, we'd be a much more polite
society, and have much less crime.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-24 13:05:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Intercepts foretold of 'big attack' -- The Washington Times 
Now, isn't the washtimes the paper which is owned by the Moonies?
This doesn't neccesarily mean it can't be a good paper, but it gives
me pause.
Maybe my info is out of date
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-24 13:05:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Intercepts foretold of 'big attack' -- The Washington Times 
Now, isn't the washtimes the paper which is owned by the Moonies?
This doesn't neccesarily mean it can't be a good paper, but it gives
me pause.
Maybe my info is out of date
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-25 10:16:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Cryptic  Gibberish Page 
At the root of the tree ( enlightenment
will be found.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-26 10:09:24
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Preparedness 
I don't know if David is posting from Cambridge/Boston, but on the 15th
I drove through the Callahan tunnel (major road tunnel under the harbor,
and main route to Boston airport). No stops, no noticable extra security.

@_date: 2001-09-26 16:43:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Thats cute, but depending on jurisdiction, you may have to inform he/she/it
if they are being recorded, or open yourself up for a wiretapping charge.
Thats just stupid - it gives the JBTs cause to get a no-knock warrant. Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-27 09:51:32
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Defeatist Compromising Commentary From Reason Magazine 
Well, just a few hours ago, actually [for certain values of the word
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-27 10:00:47
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Cooked/umodified lists?  (was: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / 
amics.com>
I'm on minder, specifically because I don't like someone else
determining what I read, even with the best of intentions.
Most mornings I come in to see 5-10 spam mixed in with the
real traffic. It's usually very easy to spot, based on subject
line, and gets deleted unread. Every 2-3 months, some spammer gets in a loop and plasters many, many identical messages, but that's easy to delete. ('Sort by Subject' is your
friend). It costs me less than 30 seconds/day to get an uncensored
list,  which I regard as a bargain. YMMV. If I was on a slow dialup, or paid by the byte, I might think different.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-27 10:10:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
One thing that continually bugs me on this list is people asking
questions which can be anwered by a couple minutes research.
Google is your friend.
Peter Trei
DISEASE NAME:     Cowpox (Vaccinia) ETIOLOGICAL AGENT:     Cowpox virus. This is a pox virus that is antigenically similar to
present vaccinia strains. DISEASE MANIFESTATIONS:     Natural cowpox is no longer present in the U.S. However, it is still
found in other parts of the world, especially England. It should not be confused with
pseudocowpox (also known as milker's nodules or paravaccinia). It is found in both cattle and horses where it infects the udder and teats of the
animals. It is spread by direct contact to humans. In the human it presents as a
papulovesiculogranulomatous skin lesion at the inoculation site. It does not
spread to other body parts from the initial lesion, which is usually located
on the hand or fingers. TREATMENT:     It is usually self limiting and no treatment is indicated except in immunocompromised patients. Then methisazone can be used.

@_date: 2001-09-27 10:10:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
One thing that continually bugs me on this list is people asking
questions which can be anwered by a couple minutes research.
Google is your friend.
Peter Trei
DISEASE NAME:     Cowpox (Vaccinia) ETIOLOGICAL AGENT:     Cowpox virus. This is a pox virus that is antigenically similar to
present vaccinia strains. DISEASE MANIFESTATIONS:     Natural cowpox is no longer present in the U.S. However, it is still
found in other parts of the world, especially England. It should not be confused with
pseudocowpox (also known as milker's nodules or paravaccinia). It is found in both cattle and horses where it infects the udder and teats of the
animals. It is spread by direct contact to humans. In the human it presents as a
papulovesiculogranulomatous skin lesion at the inoculation site. It does not
spread to other body parts from the initial lesion, which is usually located
on the hand or fingers. TREATMENT:     It is usually self limiting and no treatment is indicated except in immunocompromised patients. Then methisazone can be used.

@_date: 2001-09-27 10:29:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking 
Aimee may or may not be an agent, but this incarnation of An Metet sure looks like an agent procovateur, trying to salt this list with
outrageous posts which Jeff Gordon and his merry men can later haul out
to show that anyone with contact with the list is a priori a bad guy.
For the record, this kind of thing is very atypical on this list.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2001-09-27 11:40:48
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: 'Cyberangels' to sponsor anti-OBL-hacking ad 
A TV Plea for Patriot Hackers             By Brian McWilliams 2:00 a.m. Sep. 26, 2001 PDT A new TV public service announcement targets U.S. computer hacktivists with
a blunt
message: Uncle Sam wants you to help fight the war on terrorism. But the spot, which organizers hope to begin airing nationwide next week on
major networks,
will warn that misguided patriotic efforts from software experts can hurt
the cause. The first of its kind to address the issue of hacking, the "Hackers Against
spot will attempt to channel U.S. computer security gurus into productive
rather than
destructive action, said Parry Aftab, executive director of Cyberangels, an
Internet safety and help organization that is sponsoring the ads. "The hacker community is very important in the fight against terrorism. But
we want to get the
message out that if they want to get busy doing good stuff, they should come
to us and not
try to take action on their own," said Aftab. A couple points:
1. Is this really the first anti-hacking PSA? I don't think so - I
definitely remember anti
piracy PSAs from the BSA. Have there been others?
2. 'Cyberangels' is (I think) the same group which a few years ago tried to
to be leaders in the fight against online child porn. As desirable as
protecting actual children may be, the group seemed astonishingly ignorant of the
world - one spokesman claiming that *.gif and *.jpg file extensions were
which indicates hetero and homo kp respectively. I hope they've cleaned up
act since then. [I will note that their site SSL certificate for reporting
online kp fails checking, since it's issued to 'stores.mindspring.com, not

@_date: 2002-08-01 16:14:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
I'm going to respond to AARGH!, our new Sternlight, by asking two questions.
1. Why can't I control what signing keys the Fritz chip trusts? If the point of TCPA is make it so *I* can trust that *my* computer to run the software *I* have approved, and refuse to run something which a virus or Trojan has modifed (and this, btw, is the stated intention of TCPA), then why the hell don't I have full control over the keys? If I did, the thing might actually work to my benefit.
The beneficiary of TCPA when I don't have ultimate root control is
not I. It is someone else. That is not an acceptable situation.
2. It's really curious that Mr. AARGH! has shown up simultaneously
on the lists and on sci.crypt, with the single brief of supporting TCPA.
While I totally support his or her right to post anonymously, I can only
speculate that anonymity is being used to disguise some vested interest in supporting TCPA. In other words, I infer that Mr. AARGH!
is a TCPA insider, who is embarassed to reveal himself in public.
So my question is: What is your reason for shielding your identity?
You do so at the cost of people assuming the worst about your
Peter Trei
 PS: Speculating about the most tyrannical uses to which a technology can be put has generally proved a winning proposition.

@_date: 2002-08-02 10:43:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Not really. However, in todays actual environment, this is frequently true that those with something to hide use anonymity. While some people have maintained nyms for many years (I can't
think of anyone maintaining explicit stong anonymity right now,
actually - remember Sue D. Nym? ),  and used them to talk about a variety of issues, it's pretty rare.
It's rare enough that when a new anononym appears, we know
that the poster made a considered decision to be anonymous.
The current poster seems to have parachuted in from nowhere, to argue a specific position on a single topic. It's therefore reasonable  to infer that the nature of that position and topic has some bearing on the decision to be anonymous.
Since the position argued involves nothing which would invoke the
malign interest of government powers or corporate legal departments, it's not that. I can only think of two reasons why our corrospondent
may have decided to go undercover... 1. If we know who he/she/them were, it would weaken the argument
(for example, by making it clear that the poster has a vested interest
in the position maintained, or that 'AARGH! is the group effort of an
astroturf campaign).
2. If the true identity of the poster became known, he/she/them
fears some kind of retribution:
* The ostracism and detestation of his peers.
* The boycotting of his employer. * His employer objecting to his wasting company time on   Internet mailing lists.
Our corrospondent has not given us any reason not to infer the worst motives. This is, after all, a discipline where
paranoia and suspicion are job requirements.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: The above represents my private , personal opinions only; do not misconstrue them to represent the opinions of others.

@_date: 2002-08-02 14:36:32
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
While I reserve the right to respond to the rest of the poster's letter, I'd like to call out this snippet, which gives a very good reason
for both corporate and individual users to avoid TCPA as if it were weaponized anthrax (Hi NSA!).
OK, It's 2004, I'm an IT Admin, and I've converted my corporation over to TCPA/Palladium machines. My Head of Marketing has his
TCPA/Palladium desktop's hard drive jam-packed with corporate confidential documents he's been actively working on - sales projections,  product plans, pricing schemes. They're all sealed files.
His machine crashes - the MB burns out.
He wants to recover the data.
HoM: 	I want to recover my data.
Me: 	OK: We'll pull the HD, and get the data off it. HoM:	Good - mount it as a secondary HD in my new system.
Me:	That isn't going to work now we have TCPA and Palladium.
HoM:	Well, what do you have to do?
Me:	Oh, it's simple. We encrypt the data under Intel's TPME key, HoM:	Let me get this straight - the only way to recover this data is to
Me:	Um... Yes. I think MS might be involved as well, if your were using
HoM:	You are *so* dead.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-08-15 13:53:56
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: trade-offs of secure programming with Palladium (Re: Palladiu 
Russ: Take off your economic hat, and try on a law-enforcement one.
With DMCA, etal, the tools to get around TCPA's taking of your
right to use your property as you please have been criminalized.
(Don't argue that TCPA will always be voluntary. I don't beleive I have little patience with arguments which say 'Yeah, they can
make X against the law, but clever people like me can always
get around it, and won't get caught, so I don't care.'
Maybe you can, some of the time, but that's not the point. Most
people won't, either because it's too hard, they don't know what
they've lost, or because of a misplaced respect for the whims of The Men with Guns. This is not a Good Thing.
A freedom to skulk in the shadows, hoping not to be noticed, is not
the legacy I wish to leave behind.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-01-02 09:35:51
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: CP movies?  
Why has no one mentioned '1984'? I've only seen the
1956 version with Edmond O'Brien, not the 1984 version
with John Hurt.
If we're going to proceed down the 'state as evil' axis, there's a rich vein of content, such as 'Brazil', 'The
President's Analyst' (very funny, and highly reccomended), and many others. Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-01-03 09:35:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Future Gnu's 
If there's anything more annoying than a boring nut who takes
up 30% of the list volume, it's a boring nut who takes up 30%
of the list volume with plaigerized articles from other, much
more creative and intelligent nuts.
This, of course, is CJ Parker's work, as published on Declan's
Politech list.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-01-04 10:19:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Snitches out themselves.Canarypunk stool pigeons,peter Trei 
Oh, this is rich! Someone claiming to be an informed poster to the cypherpunks list who doesn't know RSA Security Inc's status in the field.
Just to help you, Matt, here's some sources:
Website: Our conference (the world's major computer security conference):
Official company boilerplate:
RSA Security Inc. (Nasdaq: RSAS), the most trusted name in e-security., helps organizations build secure, trusted foundations for e-business through its RSA SecurID. two-factor authentication, RSA ClearTrust. authorization, RSA BSAFE. encryption and RSA Keon.
digital certificate management product families. With approximately one billion RSA BSAFE-enabled applications in use worldwide, more than ten million RSA SecurID authentication users and almost 20 years of industry experience, RSA Security has the proven leadership and innovative
technology to address the changing security needs of e-business and bring trust to the online economy. RSA Security can be reached at You could also try reading Stephen Levy's book, 'Crypto',
about half of which is company history.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-01-09 18:01:25
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RSA Conference 2002: Free Expo passes, academic discounts and sch 
(feel free to forward this message in its entirety)
The RSA Data Security Conference is being held February 18-22, 2001, at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California.
This is the biggest computer security conference
in the world, with 200 vendors and over 10,000
attendees. Personally, I think it's a blast, and
attend every year.
I'm sending this to remind list members that,
although the full conference is quite costly,
there are (as in previous years) a couple of
ways to get all or part of the show for free,
and a discounted fee for academic types.
Full information on the conference can be found
at  (which, as others
have pointed out, is Flash-heavy :-( I'm talking to people to try to get that changed next year.)
See you there!
Peter Trei
ptrei at rsasecurity.com
[PS: I have no input into the scholarship selection
process, so don't send me anything.]
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-01-11 16:24:09
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Reformatted] Burning down the olympics 
I don't recall hearing about this remark on the news at the time, and I suspect I would have. A Google search turns up a number of cites, but they are all on white supremacist or anti-Isreal sites. The original source is
the Islamic Association for Palestine site:
 The message is archived at:
Are there any major media citations in any country? If not, I suspect that this is a manufactured quote, like the ones we saw a few years ago where Janet Reno was alleged to indicate that Christians weren't good citizens.
Regardless of what Sharon may or may not believe, I
don't think he could have said this without the major media jumping all over it, in the way that Bush recently got pinged for referring to the people
of Pakistan as 'Pakis' (a racial slur in Britain).
Of course, one could take the self-fullfiling viewpoint that the fact that this quote only appears in extreme fringe publications is simply proof of total Jewish control of the major media. I prefer to apply Occam's Razor.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-01-14 13:46:39
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: registering Cypherpunks movement ... 
Two points: Point one:
This is ancient history - it's part of the "Subversive Organization Registration Law" which was passed by California in 1941, largely to counter the German-American Bund (an American Nazi front organization in the pre-Pearl Harbor days).
 for
a history of US Government repression during WW2.
This is not to say that it's not still on the books - I'm just pointing
out that it's not another post-9/11 piece of snake-oil 'security'. And,
yes, I'm aware that WW2 era behaviour is already being cited as justification by Bush & Co.
Point two:
The cypherpunks mailing list is not an organization. There is no
membership list, there are no officers. There are no dues, no
organizational hierarchy. There is no agreed set of aims, purposes,
or activities. There is no property, and no post office address.
The above is relevant when you consider the next section of the
code, the reporting requirements:
Note that these all have to be sent in, 'subscribed under oath'
by all the officers. Who, exactly, would that be?
I'll leave the constitutionality of the law to others, but think its
highly suspect.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-01-14 14:08:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: True Names reviewed on /. 
'michael' has reviewed "True Names and The Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier" over on
slashdot. I won't discuss the review or the book
in detail other than to say that the book should
be considered Required Reading, and the review
is also good.
michael has this to say about our Resident
"Timothy May, who is perhaps best
known for his ranting posts about crypto anarchy,
has a lengthy and astonishingly well-written essay
titled "True Nyms and Crypto Anarchy". The
essay reads as if an editor with a firm hand
extracted most of May's characteristic wild-eyed
prose and yet kept the insightful ideas behind it - if
only all of his writing was like this essay. It's a
great introduction to what May means by "crypto
anarchy". May is one of the most optimistic writers
in the book, and he, as well as the other writers,
believe that we are at a fork: either we'll move
toward a surveillance state, or toward what May
calls an anarcho-capitalist state, but the middle
ground is unstable - we'll end up at one extreme or
the other. May believes we're already firmly on
the road toward anarcho-crypto-utopia."
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-01-15 11:15:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: The vital private archive 
CD burners place a unique BurnerIDCode onto each CD-R that they
write. Thus, a CD-R can be associated with the machine that made
it, much as color copiers place their serial numbers on copies they
make. Of course, this serves no useful purpose for the average user, but narcs out software pirates or samizdat publishers.
"You may not speak anonymously on CD-R".
I don't know what level of work would be required to modify it.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-01-15 14:51:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Blueberry encryption for boston pigs? 
I've done a little work with Blackberries (aka RIM pagers).
I can't answer for ARDIS (which is the network), but on top of that,
the pagers run their own protocol. This is encrypted with 3DES, using shared secret keys agreed between the device and the server while the device is being sync'd in it's cradle.
I don't know how the keys are derived, or how often they are The system seemed reasonably non-snakeoily to me, at least
against aerial intercepts.
Peter Trei
This e-mail, its content and any files transmitted with it are intended
solely for the addressee(s) and are PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL.  Access by any other party is unauthorized without the express
prior written permission of the sender.  If you have received this e-mail in error you may not copy, disclose to any
third party or use the contents, attachments or information in any way, Please delete all copies of the e-mail and the
attachment(s), if any and notify the sender. Thank You.

@_date: 2002-07-02 09:44:23
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: biometric containment (privacy, fingerprints, dead utah 
It's SOP to take fingerprints of anyone who frequented the
crime scene, even if there is no doubt of their innocence. This
enables the majority of fingerprints collected to be eliminated
from consideration.
I remember reading of one of the very earliest fingerprint cases, somewhere in Europe (Austria?)in the late 1800s.  A murder had taken place in a boarding house, and the crime scene was seriously
disturbed by reporters, on-lookers, souvenier hunters, etc. However,
a bottle with a clear handprint was found under the bed.
There were no fingerprint registries at that time. The detective
had to get fingerprint cards for everyone who was near the site,
and found the murderer. The book included a photo of the bonfire
they made of the fingerprint cards afterwards.
Since then, of course, the level of ethics of the LEAs has deteriorated markedly - if they get a set of prints for whatever reason, it is never destroyed.
One civic volunteer program I work with is CHIP, a free local child identification program ( It provides parents with data to help in identifying their children if they go missing. This includes a fingerprint card taken by a policeman. All the data collected is retained by the parents - nothing by the police, and CHIP retains only a permission slip. I've been very heartened by the fact that now the majority of parents who are signing up their children actually raise the privacy issue - they want to make sure that neither we nor the police keep copies of the data.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-02 13:59:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
Tim is both right and wrong. It's almost unthinkable that he or anyone else will be asked to turn in
their old hardware. But 'They' don't have to. All that needs to be done is to mandate that all *new* hardware have the TCPA/DRM hobbles. Moore's law will do the rest. Sure, people can swap old Babylon 5 episodes on DIVX for as long as they want, but Moore's law will have stopped for uncrippled machines - Want to interact with full immersion VR 1Mpixel x 1Mpixel games and dramas with serious AI? How about full-sensorium telepresence? Those ain't gonna run on your  2 GHz Pentium, any more than you can run Descent 3 or Netscape on your VIC-20. You'll want, and need the newest 30 GHz
machines, and guess what? They *all* have TCPA/DRM.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-08 11:25:41
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Artists 
True, but I'll bet almost anything that none of the plugins were written
by corporations expecting to get a return on their investment.
Some forms of creation require little in the way of up-front investment.
Others do. Consider movies. While some of the people involved get
to do creative work that they love, many don't, and they all have
to make a living somehow. Would the Key Grip, the Focus
Puller, or the Greensmen be willing to do their work for the sheer creativity of it all? I don't think so. The principle shooting for the
LOTR trilogy took over 18 months, in New Zealand. Do you think
they did it (just) for love?
Art forms which require large prior investments need some
form of remuneration beyond egoboo. Otherwise, they just won't
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-08 11:58:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Closed source more secure than open source 
One factor which has been ignored so far is reputation effect the two regimes have on the programmer, and
the implications of that on how he writes.
In virtually every Open Source project I've seen, the code is signed. Not cryptographically -  the identity of the creator is known to anyone who chooses to look at the code.
If they know that there is a distinct possibility that a large number
of critical, intelligent, strangers are going to be looking over their
code, most programmers will make an extra effort to write well,
by the metrics their peers value. Thus, not only will the code work,
but it will be better commented, cleaner, and clearer. This leads
to fewer weak spots. You can't sweep dirt under the rug if there is no rug.
In an ideal world, of course, closed source programmers would
do the same, but human nature being what it is, they often don't.
With signed Open Source, every line of code becomes part of
an engineers reputation, part of the way they are judged by peers and potential employers. Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-10 09:55:00
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
[I'm a US citizen who lived for many years abroad, so I have some awareness
of the issue].
Greg's pretty well got it spot on, but I'd like to refine things a bit. If a
citizen lives abroad, the USG will try to extract taxes from both his US
*and* foreign income, beyond certain minimums (the only other countries
which do this are the Phillipines and Egypt, both of which have large
numbers of citizens working in other countries (so they have an excuse, the US doesn't)). If you emigrate and give up your US citizenship, any assets you take
with you above a certain limit (?? $400k ??) are subject to a sort of 'exit tax'. This is an idea the US adopted from the Soviet Union,
where it was used to harrass Jewish emigrants. What is more, the IRS will still claim to be able to tax your non-US income for 10 years after you give up your citizenship (with caps, I think the same as an expat).
This law was put in place not too long ago, after there was a brief
storm in a teacup over certain multimillionaires giving up their
citizenships for tax purposes. In a populist stunt, the USG put in place
laws to punish these emigrants. In doing so they set the asset cap
so low that many people leaving for perfectly legitimate reasons were caught up in it. The political rhetoric around the issue was very nasty - it was clear that the congresscritters could not conceive that any person could have a legitimate, above-board reason to want to give up US citizenship.
Of course, at the moment the USG only occasionally chooses to flout
the sovereignty of foreign nations on issues of non-US citizens, and
it is still pretty rare for the USG to kidnap people abroad. Therefore, if you've given up your US citizenship, and are abroad, you have the
option of telling the IRS to pound sand before the 10 year limit is up.
If you do this, they will try to seize any US assets you may have,
and will arrest you for tax evasion if you ever set foot on US soil.
As Tim would say, check the archives. About 3 years ago, one or
two list members said they were giving up their US citizenship, and taking up Mozambiquian (sp?) citizenship, to enable them to
write and export cryptographic software without being subject to
US control. There was an extensive discussion of the topic at that
So, to the subject of the original question: I don't think taking up
US citizenship, then retiring abroad, makes a hell of a lot of
sense from a tax point of view, unless the Social Security payments
are important, the total assets taken out are low, and the expected
non-US income falls below the minimum the US allows expats tax-free. There are a lot of other effects of US citzenship vs US citizenship, but those are my non-lawyer speculations on the
tax implications.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-12 11:18:12
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: IP: SSL Certificate "Monopoly" Bears Financial Fruit 
I think I do. A 'second hand' root key seems to have some
trust issues - the thing you are buying is the private half
of a public key pair .... but that's just a piece of information.
How can you be sure that, as purchaser, you are the *only*
possessor of the key, and no one else has another copy (the
seller, for example)?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-18 11:02:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Phone companies to violate your privacy more. 
Do you have a 'reduced expectation of privacy'? Well, FCC Chairman Michael Powell thinks you do, and that
this justifies letting the telcos sell your detailed call information
(whom you call, when, and for how long) to 'affiliates', without
bothering to ask you first.
It's explicitly an opt-out system. Expect a densely worded
insert in ant type in your next phone bill, which, if you
hire a lawyer to decode, will tell you how to opt out.
See: Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-22 11:43:36
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Are the Feds Wimps or What? 
Well, the other possible interpretation is that the Feds are not
black-at-heart, Big Brother, neo Stalinist fascist JBTs pouncing on any opportunity to make confetti of the Bill of Rights;
but rather are actually trying to respond to 9/11 with a minimal
impact on US Citizens.
...but of course, that would be an unpopular interpretation on
this mailing list.
The truth probably lies somewhere in between.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-23 09:42:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Tunneling through a hostile proxy? 
It's been some time since I've worked on proxies, but
AFAIK, SSL connections tunnel through proxies already,
and the proxy cannot examine the content of the SSL
session (though of course, they *can* see where the
connection is headed).
It's easy to check - go to an SSL protected website,
and while viewing the page examine the certificate the site presented you with (click on 'security' in the toolbar in Netscape, or on IE, click Files->Properties->Certificates). If the certificate belongs to the site you're accessing, you're secure
from observation by the proxy. (the proxy can't
act as a MITM if the cert is from the far end).
If you wish to access a website which is not SSL
protected, try  which will encrypt browsing data between itself and your
browser, even for non-SSL sites. All your local
proxy can tell is that you are doing something
at megaproxy (and megaproxy knows everything).
If you're interested in tunneling other protocols
than HTTP, things get more complex. Assuming
SSL tunneling is allowed you can run other
protocols through it if you can set up the software
at each end appropriatly.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-24 13:06:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Are you ready for your loyalty check? 
Bush security plan calls for background checks
By DAN VERTON JULY 22, 2002
WASHINGTON -- Once a cabinet-level
Department of Homeland Security is established,
the Bush administration plans to convene a panel
of government and private-sector experts to
determine the legal guidelines for subjecting tens
of thousands of private-sector employees to
background investigations. That means tens of thousands of private-sector
employees working in industries such as
banking, chemicals, energy, transportation, telecommunications, shipping and public health would be subject to background checks as a condition of employment. Tom Ridge, the current director of the Office of Homeland Security and the leading contender
to become Bush's nominee for the cabinet post, said on July 21 that the nation remains at risk from an unknown number of terrorist cells operating within the U.S. And according to the national strategy, that situation could be further complicated by malicious insiders with authorized access to critical facilities. "Personnel with privileged access to critical infrastructure, particularly [IT-based] control systems, may serve as terrorist surrogates by providing information on vulnerabilities, operating characteristics and protective
measures," the Bush strategy states. Protecting Critical Infrastructure and Key Assets
Peter Trei
"If the people have betrayed the government,
perhaps the government should abolish the people and elect a new one.- Bertolt Brecht"

@_date: 2002-07-30 09:49:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: today in dc 
Actually, this clicks neatly onto cp debates over open vs closed
systems, TCPA, DRM, and 'freedom to hack'.
Most modern cars are substantially computerized. Diagnosing a
problem usually involves hooking up a PC to a port on the car's
engine management system, and studying the readouts.
The 'problem' that the congresscritters are trying to 'solve' is
that some car manufacturers are now closing this interface -
they are refusing to document the protocols, and/or encrypting
the data.
As a result, the manufacturers are able to restrict who has
access to this diagnostic data, and are using this power to
shut out independent repair shops and other competition to
their own dealerships. The meeting is going to discuss whether 'something should be done'. I have no idea what will
happen, if anything.
So, let's see:
* The manufacturers are using DRM technology, including crypto,
to restrict access to the data.
* If you reverse-engineered the system, the DMCA could get
involved (not sure on this one).
* The manufacturers are closing the system to outside inspection,
and actively working to make it impossible for owners to tinker with or modify their own cars. * There is absolutely no benefit to the car's owner - this is simply
large corporationsfiguring out another way to get more revenue.
This is essentially 'Palladium for cars'.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-07-31 11:34:58
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
AARG!, our anonymous Pangloss, is strictly correct - Wagner should have
said "could" rather than "would".
However, TCPA and Palladium fall into a class of technologies with a
tremendous potential for abuse. Since the trust model is directed against
the computer's owner (he can't sign code as trusted, or reliably control which signing keys are trusted), he has ceded ultimate control of what he can and can't do with his computer to another. Sure, TCPA can be switched off - until that switch is disabled. It could potentially be permenantly disabled by a BIOS update, a security patch, a commercial program which carries signed disabling code as a Trojan, or over the net through a backdoor or vulnerability in any networked software. Or by Congress which could make running a TCPA capable machine with TCPA turned off illegal.
With TCPA, I now have to trust that a powerful third party, over
which I have no control, and which does not necessarily have
my interests are heart, will not abuse it's power. I don't
want to have to do that.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: The above represents my personal opinion only. Do
not misconstrue it as representing anyone elses.

@_date: 2002-06-03 11:40:15
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
The MPAA does not have to 'will them out of existance', or even make
them illegal.  They plan to change the broadcast standard so they are not supported.
At least, this is my interpretation:
The FCC has mandated a change to all-digital formats over the
next 5 years or so. After that, analog (NTSC) transmission will
be phased out. There is currently a lot of work being done within
the BPDG (Broadcast Protection Discussion Group) to provide
watermark checking, cryptographic and physical protection of digital video and audio data all the way to the display device, and forbid 'complying devices' from having accessible unencrypted outputs or busses. There are even proposals that if a 'complying device' is found to be hackable, that there should be a backdoor to
enable the manufacturer to modify or disable it remotely.
Until these standards are settled one way or the other, anyone
buying digital video equipment (HDTV or otherwise) runs a very substantial risk of finding themselves with a set of expensive
and otherwise useless doorstops.
Progress and innovation in electronics will occur only
at the whim (and in the interest) of the entertainment industry.
Check out the BPDG documents at
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: The above is my opinion only, and should not
be misconstrued to represent the opinions of others.

@_date: 2002-06-03 17:06:12
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Tim: I'm working on more then 'hunches'. Consider:
- start quote -
The FCC reaffirmed its service rules for the conversion by all U.S.
broadcasters to digital broadcasting services (DTV), including build-out construction
schedules, NTSC and DTV channel simulcasting, and the return of analog channels to the government by 2006.
- end quote -
That's the official USG position 5 years ago. Note the last clause
in particular. Your NTSC set will be a paperweight, at least as far as over-the-air reception is concerned, by 2006.
Now, in reality, the trashing of your old TV may be delayed...
(I'm quoting from  here):
- start quote -
Ending the Transition  By Congressional mandate, the transition period ends on
 December 31, 2006. On that date, NTSC broadcasting should
 terminate and stations should operate in a DTV mode alone,
 unless the FCC has granted a waiver. Any extensions beyond
 the final date will be considered on a market-by-market basis.  Under the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, the Commission is
 required to grant a station's request for an extension if:  One or more stations affiliated with one of the Top-4 networks is
 not operating digitally, because the Commission has granted
 the station(s) an extension of time to complete construction;  Digital-to-analog converters are not generally available on the
 market; or  Fifteen percent or more of the homes in the market cannot
 receive a DTV signal either off the air or via cable or do not have
 either a digital TV set or analog-to-digital converter attached to
 one NTSC TV set capable of receive DTV signals in their local
 market. - end quote -
...but it will happen eventually. After the stations are
broadcasting digitally, the analog stations are unneeded,
and regardless of whether the FCC or the station has the
auction rights, they'll want to sell off the old spectrum.
Neither the FCC nor the broadcasters will want to forego
the money.
Well, I'm convinced - I guess that's why every single album today is
released on both CD *and* vinyl - can't piss off the tens of millions of turntable owners, after all. Tim, I think you're missing the point here. Valenti and his ilk would like
nothing more than to force you to to rebuy your visual media *again*, but
they don't have to. I'll bet dollars to donuts that you've rebought some of
your VCR tapes as DVDs. Whey wouldn't the MPAA think they can
make you do it over?
The BCPG etal are moaning about the 'analog hole' because that's the
one they can't easily fix. They've already agreed not to license the marketing of devices with unprotected digital-out (the deCSS case
was about this, remember?) So the 'digital hole' is already plugged -
as more and more devices recognize and respond to the watermarks,
the usability of a ripped digital-to-digital file decreases. Well, Napster just went Chapter 11. Any future system which requires
either vintage or illegally hacked HW will have very limited usage.
I've seen them too - very, very nice!
Not everyone is single and living alone.
The last time for me was last night - I and the kids watched The Simpsons,
and my wife joined us for Malcom in the Middle (very funny, but about a lifestyle alien to you). Saturday night we had 5 people sit through Harry Potter, as did about 8 of the neighbourhood kids on Sunday afternoon.
There are a very large number of families-with-kids out there, and family
viewing is common.
On a side note - the HP movie (which I'm not that fond of) is in
itself an example of the publishers being willing to piss people off.
The deleted scenes (one of the better things you get on DVDs)
where hidden behind a long and very inobvious set of operations
in the 'special features' section, essentially as an Easter Egg.
Not only that, but the operations neccesary to reach them reliably crashed my DVD player, which less then a year old,
due to insufficient memory. My daughter's PS/2 console
came to the rescue.
Let's hope.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-06-05 15:27:38
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks 
Jimbo wouldn't recognize irony if it came up and bit him in the ass.

@_date: 2002-06-07 10:54:55
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks  
There are doubtless etymologists who could answer this definitively. I don't have aceess to the OED online, which could at least give us
info on how far back it goes.
The question on hand is the origin of boot (British) vs trunk (American)
for the storage at the rear of a sedan car.
I really, really don't think either Tim or Mike are on the right track.
American pimp slang is very unlikely to have affected British motoring jargon. Instead, I suggest the both 'boot' and 'booty'
may come from a much older English usage of 'butt' to refer the
the rear end of something - whether a person (buttocks), or the
end of a spear or a cigarette (butt).
Many horse-drawn coaches (and some early automobiles) had
a luggage style trunk strapped on the back for storage. Thiis seems a source for the American 'trunk', and also give an alternative route to 'boot'. Many early automobile terms are from the French (chauffeur, carburetor ), and the French
term for 'box' is 'boite', which could easily migrate in British
English to 'boot'.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-06-10 12:57:39
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: PGP and Speak Freely (fwd) 
What these people ought to be doing is using the
PGP messages only to transmit authentication data.
eg: "When I talk today, I'm going to mention the Yankess".
That way if a criminal cracks their system and reads
plaintext copies of their email, they can't decrypt stored
traffic. What they propose destroys the Perfect
Forward Secrecy property of SF. SF also should display part of the parameters used to
generate the ephemeral key, allowing the users to
assure themselves that there is no Man In The Middle
attack underway.
(yes, this is obvious to most cpunk subscribers, but
apparently not to all SF users)
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-06-13 11:02:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Artist's rights? [was: RE: Sci Journals, authors, internet] 
As an example, consider the Richard Serra's 'Tilted Arc', a 12 foot
high, 120 foot long, 70 ton slab of rusty (and usually grafitti covered)
steel which blocked the entrance to the main Federal building in lower Manhatten for several years. After about a zillion complaints,
it was moved, and Serra sued the GSA for $30million, on the grounds
that the piece was "site specific", and that by moving it the GSA had
destroyed it.
I frequently walked by the Arc, and it was a powerful presence, but
once it ceased to be a suprise, it was mainly an irritating obstacle. One of Serra's arguments was that the Arc echoed the staircase of a courthouse across the street. I wonder if he'd have sued them for altering that building?
discusses the  'Visual Arts Rights Act of 1990, which is highly
relevant to this topic.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-06-13 13:45:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Artist's rights? [was: RE: Sci Journals, authors, internet] 
Serra's work was moved in 1989, about a year before VARA went into
effect. I suspect that 'Tilted Arc' affair was one of VARA's motivations
any legislator who voted for it should have been condemned to have a Serra sculpture placed in front of his house for a year).

@_date: 2002-06-19 12:46:38
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law. 
- start quote -
Cyber Security Plan Contemplates U.S. Data Retention Law
Internet service providers may be forced into wholesale spying on their customers as part of the White House's strategy for securing cyberspace.
By Kevin Poulsen, Jun 18 2002 3:46PM
An early draft of the White House's National Strategy to Secure Cyberspace envisions the same kind of mandatory customer data collection and retention by U.S. Internet service providers as was
recently enacted in Europe, according to sources who have reviewed portions of the plan. In recent weeks, the administration has begun doling out bits and pieces of a draft of the strategy to technology industry members and advocacy groups. A federal data retention law is suggested
briefly in a section drafted in part by the U.S. Justice Department. - end quote -

@_date: 2002-06-21 09:53:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Followup: [RE: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.] 
Two points:
1. According to Poulson, the DOJ proposal never discussed just what would be logged. Poulson compared it to the European Big Brother legislation, which required storage to Web browsing histories and email header data.
2. After I posted the same info to /.
(I'm the 'Anonymous Coward' in this case), Kevin updated
his article. The new version may be found at:
The relevant portions read:
- start quote -
U.S. Denies Data Retention Plans
The Justice Department disputes claims that Internet service providers could be forced to spy on their customers as part of the U.S. strategy for securing cyberspace.
By Kevin Poulsen, Jun 19 2002 12:24PM
But a Justice Department source said Wednesday that data retention is mentioned in the strategy only as an industry concern -- ISPs and telecom companies oppose the costly idea -- and does not reflect any plan by the department or the White House to push for a U.S. law. - end quote -
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-06-24 09:56:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.  
I tried sending this last week, but it did not seem to go through:
Two points:
1. According to Poulson, the DOJ proposal never discussed just what would be logged. Poulson compared it to the European Big Brother legislation, which required storage to Web browsing histories and email header data (NOT email body text
or IP traffic).
2. After I posted the same info to /.
(I'm the 'Anonymous Coward' in this case), Kevin updated
his article. The new version may be found at:
The relevant portions read:
- start quote -
U.S. Denies Data Retention Plans
The Justice Department disputes claims that Internet service providers could be forced to spy on their customers as part of the U.S. strategy for securing cyberspace.
By Kevin Poulsen, Jun 19 2002 12:24PM
But a Justice Department source said Wednesday that data retention is mentioned in the strategy only as an industry concern -- ISPs and telecom companies oppose the costly idea -- and does not reflect any plan by the department or the White House to push for a U.S. law. - end quote -
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-05-24 11:19:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: MPAA wants all A/D converters to implement copyright 
My mind has been boggled, my flabbers have been ghasted.
In the name of protecting their business model, the MPAA
proposes that every analog/digital (A/D) converter - one of the most basic of chips - be required to check for US government mandated copyright flags. Quite aside from increasing the cost and complexity of the devices many, manyfold, it eliminates the ability of the US to compete in the world electronics market.
If this level of ignorance, chuptza, and bloodymindedness
had been around a hundred years ago, cars would be forbidden to have a range greater then 20 miles, to
protect the railway industry, and transoceanic airline
tickets would have a $1000/seat surcharge, to compensate
the owners of ocean liners for lost revenue.
I know that Tinsletown is based on dreams and fantasies (as well as the violation of Edision's movie patents), but someone needs to sit these people down and teach them the lesson that King Canute taught his nobles.
Peter Trei
[The above is my personal opinion only. Do not
misconstrue it to belong to others.] - start quote -
MPAA to Senate: Plug the Analog Hole!
Posted by jamie on Friday May 24, from the op-amp dept.
A month ago, the MPAA filed its report [PDF][1] with the Senate Judiciary Committee on the terrors of analog copying. I quote: "in order to help plug the hole, watermark detectors would be required in" -- are you sitting down? -- "all devices that perform analog to digital conversions." At their page Protecting Creative Works in a Digital Age[2], the Senate lays out the issues they'll be looking at, including briefs from corporate groups, and provides a comment form[3] so your opinion can  "this is a much more sweeping (and less visible) power-grab than the Hollings Bill, and it's going forward
virtually unopposed. ...the Broadcast Protection Discussion Group
is bare weeks away from turning over a veto on new technologies to
Doctorow's article on the "analog hole"[4] for the EFF does a great job of explaining the issues to non-electrical-engineers, and has many
thought-provoking examples of how requiring such technology would be a giant step backwards. [1] [2] [3] [4] - end quote -

@_date: 2002-05-31 10:40:47
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
This is the actual paragraph that people are refering to:
[from - start quote -
The primary means to address this issue, dubbed the "analog hole", is via embedded watermarks (which have additional applications as will be discussed below). In order to help plug the hole, watermark detectors would be required in all devices that perform analog to digital conversions.
In such devices (e.g., PC video capture cards), the role of the watermark detector would be to detect the watermark and ensure that the device responds appropriately.
- end quote -
Note that is refers to "all devices that perform analog to digital
conversions". I agree that compromising all a/d chip is probably not what the MPAA had
in mind (their example is a video capture card, a much more complex beast),
but overbroad language has gotten into too many laws for me to have any
that it can't happen again. What's going to happen when someone publishes
plans to remove the restrictions from a compromised vidcap card, and
how to mail order standard DACs? Will trafficing in DAC chips become a DMCA
I agree that the MPAA's reccomendation is laughable, but stupidity has never
stopped politicians from passing laws. Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-11-04 11:27:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: What email encryption is actually in use? 
It's a pipe. The whole plaintext IP packet, from start to finish, including headers and checksum, gets treated as data, and encrypted.
The encrypted packet is the data for a new packet, which goes from one
firewall to another (and has only the firewall IP addresses exposed). The
packets visible on the outside only tell Eve that firewall A sent firewall
B an IPSEC packet of a certain size, with a particular Security Association.
(ie, the protocol field says 'this is an IPSEC packet').
A single SA can be used for many, many, internal connections.
Check the IPSEC RFCs for more info.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-11-06 11:22:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Did you *really* zeroize that key? 
Those of us who write code need to be reminded of this now and then.
Peter Trei
Software leaves encryption keys, passwords lying around in memory
       Monty Solomon         Wed, 30 Oct 2002 22:31:46 -0500
                Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2002 05:11:31 +1300 (NZDT)
       From: pgut001 at cs.auckland.ac.nz (Peter Gutmann)
       Subject: Software leaves encryption keys, passwords lying around in
       The following problem was first pointed out (in private mail) by
       Howard from Microsoft.  His writeup is now available at
       From a representative check of a few widely-used open source crypto
       programs, this affects quite a bit of software.
       The problem he points out is that clearing sensitive information such
       encryption keys from memory may not work as expected because an
       compiler removes the memset() if it decides it's redundant.  Consider
       example the following:
       int encrypt( const void *key )
         {
         puts( key );     /* Normally we'd encrypt here */
         }
       void main( void )  /* Because we can */
         {
         char key[ 16 ];
         strcpy( key, "secretkey" );
         encrypt( key );
         memset( key, 0, 16 );
         }
       When compiled with any level of optimisation using gcc, the key
       call goes away because of dead code elimination (see the MSDN article
       more details on this, which uses VC++ to get the same effect).  While
       can kludge enough stuff around a custom memory-clear call to fool the
       optimiser (hacks with 'volatile', touching the memory after it's
cleared and
       hoping the optimiser is fooled, etc etc) there's no guarantee that
       work for anything but the compiler(s) you happen to test it with -
       future enhancement to the optimiser may turn it back into a nop.
What it
       really needs is the addition of a        in the compiler.  Until then, a lot of security code will be affected
       this problem.
         [In RISKS, I tend never to alter British spellings.  However,
         in American English, an "optimiser" must be the ultimate miser.]

@_date: 2002-11-07 09:58:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: New Protection for 802.11 
How many stories have you read in the last year about
non-LEOs stealing email?
How many stories in the last year have you read about
Further, tapping into 802.11b nets Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-11-07 16:36:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Did you *really* zeroize that key?  
The  fixes are good, but non-portable.
None of the portable fixes can be trusted against an arbitrarily smart
optimizer. and they have space and performance hits.
The 'volatile' keyword seems to have poorly defined behaviour.
Perhaps the next 'C' standard needs a new keyword, 'always'
which tells the compiler that this line *must* be included:
always memset(arr,0,sizeof(arr));
...but this seems to break the rules, in that it's really a standard-defined  in disguise.
This is one fun Heisenbug :-)

@_date: 2002-11-27 09:47:20
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Is the minder CDR down? 
I'm subscribed thru minder, and have had no
cypherpunks mail for nearly 24 hours. I can
see that there is more recent traffic on the
web archive.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-11-27 14:25:30
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Is the minder CDR down? 
Thanks, but no thanks. I picked minder because it
does not filter. minder seems to be back up now.

@_date: 2002-10-07 10:26:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [OT Canute] Re: [LINK] [Fwd: Interesting KPMG report on DRM] 
[lots of good stuff about the music business clipped]
[even more good stuff clipped]
In the interests of pedantry and accuracy, may I point out that Canute
did not actually expect to hold back the tide. Canute was an an early Danish king of northern England, living ~995-1035. Like most modern
leaders, he was surrounded by yes-men. Unlike them, he did something
about it:

@_date: 2002-10-16 12:59:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: For everything else, there's MasterCard. 
I fail to see how anyone, anytime, anywhere, can support the hunting of random non-consenting humans for sport.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-10-17 14:11:36
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: QuizID? 
[Note of vested interests: I work on RSA SecurID, which is a
competing product.]
Based on the information at the site, and Quizid's statement that their hardware is manufactured by ActivCard, I have to
say that this looks an *awful lot* like the ActivCard Keychain Token, repackaged into a bigger form factor. Peter Trei
Disclaimer: The above represents only my personal opinion.

@_date: 2002-10-21 10:14:01
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: The Register - UK firm touts alternative to digital certs 
[Disclosure: I work on SecurID]. This was discussed on Perry's Cryptography list last week.
It does look kind of like a "dumbed down SecurID" - but what it looks like even more is an ActivCard keychain token repackaged into a bigger form factor. The code generation scheme
appears similar as well. The Company Info page reveals that ActivCard actually manufactures the device. I'd be nervous about a availability with centralized servers,  even if they are "triple redundant with two sites". DDOS attacks, infrastructure (backhoe) attacks, etc, could all wreck havoc.
I also wonder about scalability with centralized servers. A BBC article
claims 600 authentications/second, in a system which cost UKP 1M
in hardware alone. This is not really good enough if you're trying to
cover the world (or even just Britain) from one site. AOL gets about *50,000* login attempts per second at peak times, to give one admittedly extreme example.
Disclaimer: The above are my personal opinions only.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-09-20 14:32:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: cybersecurity proclamations vs. specific-application 
Make corporations financially liable if they fail to provide a
service due to a cyberattack. Their insurance firms will then start
to require standards in a much more diverse and flexible way than legislation would.
This is similar to how bank vault and safe standards were improved
during the last century.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-09-26 10:26:24
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RSA's RC5-64 Secret Key Challenge has been solved. 
First, the official PR release:
A personal note:
In case people are wondering, the key turned out to be
63 DE 7D C1 54 F4 D0 39
and the encrypted message was
I'm really happy with this - I wrote to Jim Bidzos proposing
the contests way back in the fall of 1996, long before I came
to work at RSA. At the time, I was aimed at killing DES, and creating pressure to ease the export limits on key size (they had just been raised from a ludicrous 40 up to 56. I didn't think this was good enough). I feel that I entirely suceeded.
So I was in at the start of the contests, and at the end of
this one (I was one of the two people at RSA who independently confirmed the decryption).
I expect that this will be the last one attacked for a while - the next keylength is 72 bits, and at d.net's current rate, that would take them several centuries.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-09-27 11:27:00
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RSA's RC5-64 Secret Key Challenge has been solved. 
I spoke to David McNett (nugget at distributed.net) yesterday. He told me that
they intend to fire up a the RC5-72 challenge, hoping to get lucky and find
the key near the beginning.
I think they're open to other suggestions, however. Factoring may or may not
be reasonable. While RC5, DES, etc require minimal memory and storage,
and can so run unobtrusively in the spare cycles of almost any machine,
- even the seiving step - has large memory and storage requirements. The
matrix reduction step at the end does not have any efficient distributed
I'm aware of.
I think the lower RSA factoring challenges *may* be possible - RSA-576 is
standing, with a $10k prize. Other factoring challenges have up to $200k
Challenges need to be carefully set up. It must be legal - hacking a
system in the face of the objections of the owner won't fly. It must be
in that there must be no reason to suspect collaboration between the challenger and the attacker. It must be realistic - it should model a
use closely enough to show that changes need to be made (the RSA secret
key challenges where designed with IPSEC headers in mind - the single DES
option was deprecated as soon as we showed that to be weak).
This is an exciting time. With RC5-64 fallen, there are a lot of options for
to do next. The most interesting thing may not involve cryptanalysis.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2002-09-30 16:21:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: smartcards 
The phone SW world is nowhere near as closed as you think. * Thousands of developers are writing Java applets for Japanese iMode
phones. * Hundreds are developing applets for the Blackberry 5810 and 5820 phones   (free Java-based IDS from RIM). * Similarly, the high end Pocket PC and Palm phones both have free or
inexpensive   development environments (C/C++)
* Finally, Qualcomm phones support BREW (free SDK, expensive training).
My take on the situation is that the platform vendors are so anxious to get developer mindshare, and new apps, that they are for the most part giving
away the development environments and specs.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-04-01 16:35:00
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Run a remailer, go to jail? 
Derek, etal
If you (or anyone) goes, I'm sure we'd all appreciate some notes on what transpired. I understand 17 different bills are being considered at this hearing, so don't blink or
you may miss it.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-04-23 10:12:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RSA Show impressions 
[Don't take this as an Official RSA Statement - it's just my personal
opinion. -pt]
1. The floor space - the north half of Moscone - was identical to last
year. We sold out the booths months ahead of time. 2. Attendence was up over last year, well over 10,000, with
3,000+ full memberships - again up over last year.
I've been going to the conference almost since the start, and while it did not match the euphoria of the dot.com boom period, the atmosphere felt more upbeat than last year (which was just a few months post-911).
There is turnover, of course. But many of the old players are
still there. I got my 'regime change' button from Bruce Schneier,
along with an dedicated copy of 'Secrets and Lies'. (Trivia alert:
Bruce was actually the very first vendor at the RSA Conference. At the second one (11 years ago) he set up a card table in the hall and peddled copies of the first edition of "Applied Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-04-23 11:18:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Metaswitch cleared by FBI for spying 
I know that there have been projects underway to port SpeakFreely
to 802.11 enabled Linux Ipaqs - I think they actually work.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-04-23 11:33:09
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: date formats (was Re: Single Point of Weakness is in the 
I use YYYYMMDD when automatic sorting may be required, for just that reason.
In all others situations, I use DD name_of_month YYYY to disambiguate the format. I grew up in Europe, and moved back to the States after college. I've had long exposure to both formats, and don't automatically assume one or the other.
It's gotten worse recently. Since the turn of the century, all three fields are frequently below 13.
04/05/03 or 05/04/03 are very ambiguous.
04/05/2003 is still confusing.
20030405 is good for computers
5 April 2003 is unambiguous.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-04-29 10:16:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
I'm not sure how I feel about this. Problems would arise if there *were* a
law against
news media presenting false information. The question becomes 'What is
truth?', and
'Who decides". Laws of this type are used in many tyrannies (recently,
Zimbabwe) to
persecute reporters on the grounds that they were 'libeling the government'.
'Truth in media' is a sword that cuts both ways.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-04-30 10:52:59
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Finder's Keepers, Smartcards, Anon Cash [Re: 
So Jim, you have no coins in your pocket, or bills in your wallet?
The 'Finders-Keepers'  attribute greatly enhances non-traceability, while putting the onus for security on the holder. It's a tradeoff, like so many things.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-04-30 13:40:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Anonglish (was: Re: Authenticating Meat) 
[don't top-post]
It really depends on the cipher. If the cipher is a group, then case 1 is
bad - since
Some ciphers, such as DES, are not groups. This is why double
and triple DES are stronger than single DES.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-08-03 00:11:38
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Secure IDE? (fwd) 
This isn't a communications protocol. We're talking about
disk storage. The only circumstances where an attacker
could use this as an attack vector would be if the attacker
could take multiple snapshots of the disk, possibly replacing
blocks at later times.

@_date: 2003-08-05 10:14:27
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Trouble at HavenCo? 
Has 'haven' for questionable sites sunk?
By Declan McCullagh
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
August 4, 2003, 1:38 PM PT
LAS VEGAS--A widely publicized project to transform a platform in the English Channel into a "safe haven" for controversial Web businesses has failed due to political, technical and management problems, one of the company's founders said.
Ryan Lackey, former chief technology officer of HavenCo, said on Sunday afternoon that he left the project because his business partners had become nervous about hosting objectionable material and were leading the company toward financial ruin, with only about six customers remaining.

@_date: 2003-08-07 17:07:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: So, if Arnold wins can he claim Total Recall ;-) 
I'm trying to envisage the candidate's debate lineup.
So far, among others, we have
Gary Coleman (yes! really!)
Larry Flynt
Peter (not a candidate)

@_date: 2003-08-13 12:56:17
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: ATMs moving to triple DES. 
Finally, five full years after DES was definitively proved
to be vulnerable to brute force attack, the major ATM
networks are moving to 3DES.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-08-18 15:04:53
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles,  
Both of these these stories lack plausibility as far as I'm concerned.
1. For Flight 800: Why would a terrorist wait so long, and shoot at
a plane at such an extreme altitude and range? It would have made
a lot more sense to fire just after it got off the ground. Far less chance
of a miss.
2. WTC: If you have the ability to insert tower-busting bombs into
the WTC towers, why the hell would you go to the trouble of doing the
plane thing? It tooks extra months/years, with high training costs, many
extra people, and a substantial chance of failure or detection.
For that matter, why the hell would you wait the better part of an hour before blowing the charge?
Sometimes you just have to remember Occam's Razor.
Terrorists may do evil things, but they are not usually that
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-12-11 14:07:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Zombie Patriots and other musings [was: Re: (No Subject)] 
Mr. Dumbass appears to be channeling the Earth Liberation Front:
Quotes from: "If I knew I had a fatal disease, I would definitely do something like strap dynamite on myself and take out Grand Canyon Dam. Or maybe the Maxxam Building in Los Angeles after it's closed up for the
      - Darryl Chernery, Northern California Earth Firster, CBS News Sixty Minutes, March 4, 1990 "Are you terminally ill with a wasting disease? .Don't go out with a whimper; go out with a bang! Undertake an ecokamikaze       - Excerpt from an article that ran in the Sept. 1989 issue of the Earth First Journal, urging terminally ill activists to go on "eco-kamikaze" suicide missions Google on "eco-kamikaze" for more.
It's worth noting that despite over a decade of this rhetoric, not a single terminally ill American has done this, so far as I
am aware.
The *only* even vaguely simlar cases I'm aware of are in India and Sri Lanka, where young Hindu widows (who, in traditional Hindu society have very dim prospects for a happy life) are recruited as suicide bombers by the Tamil Tigers. I think Rajiv Ghandi's assassin was such a woman.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-12-12 09:46:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Has this photo been de-stegoed? 
I'm trying to think of a reason why a recipient of
a image containing stego'd information would want
to keep it around after reading the contained info,
with the stego bits overwritten.
Why not just (securely) get rid of it?
There are tons of sources of unique ephemeral
images, such as webcams.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-12-18 17:49:02
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
Ordo Templi Orientalis?
You don't mean *that*, do you? I suspect I'm suffering from acronym overloading.

@_date: 2003-12-29 10:27:58
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
Vaguely related.... I used to live in upper Manhattan. One of the subway stops I
used was the 190th on the IND ("A" train). This burrows deep
under Washington Heights, and has two entrances - a long tunnel which slopes *down* from the station to an exit near
Broadway, and an elevator up to Fort Washington Avenue. This
section of the line opened in 1932.
The floor of the vestibule of the upper elevator lobby is
laid with geometric patterns in red, white, and black terra
cotta tiles, and when I moved there in the late 70's I was amused to note that the pattern included 4 swastikas, in
black tiles against a white background, about 4 inches across.
Sometime in the late 80's or early 90's, the swastikas where
chisled out, and the square areas where they had been crudely
filled with concrete. Ft. Washington Ave by that time had long been an area heavily
populated by immigrant Russian Jews. I often wondered exactly what chain of events led to this vandalism.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-12-30 10:30:00
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: FW: [IP] FBI Issues Alert Against Almanac Carriers 
My first thought on reading this was that it was from
The Onion, but its real. I guess being well-informed is now a cause for suspicion, as it was in Cambodia under the Khmer Rouge.
Peter Trei
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, December 29, 2003 8:03 PM
FBI Issues Alert Against Almanac Carriers
December 29, 2003
  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Filed at 7:43 p.m. ET
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The FBI is warning police nationwide to
be alert for people carrying almanacs, cautioning that the
popular reference books covering everything from
abbreviations to weather trends could be used for terrorist
In a bulletin sent Christmas Eve to about 18,000 police
organizations, the FBI said terrorists may use almanacs
``to assist with target selection and pre-operational
It urged officers to watch during searches, traffic stops
and other investigations for anyone carrying almanacs,
especially if the books are annotated in suspicious ways.
``The practice of researching potential targets is
consistent with known methods of al-Qaida and other
terrorist organizations that seek to maximize the
likelihood of operational success through careful
planning,'' the FBI wrote.
The Associated Press obtained a copy of the bulletin this
week and verified its authenticity.
``For local law enforcement, it's just to help give them
one more piece of information to raise their suspicions,''
said David Heyman, a terrorism expert for the
Washington-based Center for Strategic and International
Studies. ``It helps make sure one more bad guy doesn't get
away from a traffic stop, maybe gives police a little bit
more reason to follow up on this.''
The FBI noted that use of almanacs or maps may be innocent,
``the product of legitimate recreational or commercial
activities.'' But it warned that when combined with
suspicious behavior -- such as apparent surveillance -- a
person with an almanac ``may point to possible terrorist
``I don't think anyone would consider us a harmful
entity,'' said Kevin Seabrooke, senior editor of The World
Almanac. He said the reference book includes about a dozen
pages out of its 1,000 pages total listing the world's
tallest buildings and bridges but includes no diagrams or
architectural schematics. ``It's stuff that's widely
available on the Internet,'' he said.
The publisher for The Old Farmers Almanac said Monday
terrorists would probably find statistical reference books
more useful than the collections of Americana in his famous
publication of weather predictions and witticisms.
``While we doubt that our editorial content would be of
particular interest to people who would wish to do us harm,
we will certainly cooperate to the fullest with national
authorities at any level they deem appropriate,'' publisher
John Pierce said.
The FBI said information typically found in almanacs that
could be useful for terrorists includes profiles of cities
and states and information about waterways, bridges, dams,
reservoirs, tunnels, buildings and landmarks. It said this
information is often accompanied by photographs and maps.
The FBI urged police to report such discoveries to the
local U.S. Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Archives at:

@_date: 2003-02-04 12:44:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Tiny whiskers make huge memory storage 
[...]
Each time a more sensitive detector is discoverd, it's used  by
disk manufacturers to increase storage density. The tracks get finer,
the bits and the magnetic forces they generate smaller. I expect this at least partially cancels out the advantage that a more sensitive detector gives the spy.
Of course, some sensitive techniques (SQUIDs, etal) are not economic for
casual use.

@_date: 2003-02-10 11:09:45
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Forced Oaths to Pieces of Cloth 
One interesting variation  {and a suggestion of an alternative) comes from
naval diplomacy.
When there's an official US/UK naval dinner, toasts are drunk (at least on shore or on British ships - I think US ships are dry). The Americans
always toast the British Monarch. The Brits in return propose a toast
to the US Constitution.
While I have a lot of problem with the Pledge in any form, I think it
would be greatly improved if it were made to the Constitution, rather
than the flag.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-01-06 10:44:27
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Dossiers and Customer Courtesy Cards 
Actually, many stores go to a lot of trouble to find a pessimal
arrangement of items - the more shelves a customer walks past, the more impulse buys he/she is likely to make. There's
a reason the dairy section is usually the furthest from the door.
At Shaw's (one of our local chains) using the courtesy card
can sometimes lead to quite substantial savings - 50% on
some items such as meats. At times, my overall grocery bill
has been cut 20% by using a card.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-01-09 11:14:15
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Pigs Kill Family Pet 
I read about this a couple days ago. The reason for the stop is
interesting - apparently Mr. Smoak left his wallet on the roof of
the car. After they started down the highway, it blew off, scattering
bills. Another driver saw the flying wallet and currency, thought it had
been thrown out the window, and called it in as a carjacking/robbery
in progress.
The cops accepted this, hence the felony stop.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-01-15 09:56:01
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RIAA turns against Hollings bill  
"enforcing compliance with voluntarily developed functional specifications"
appears to be NewSpeak for:
"Let the RIAA, not Congress, write the laws, and then send in
Men With Guns to enforce them."
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-02 10:33:41
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Is Hatch a Mormon or a crypto Satanist? 
In the LDS church, the title 'Bishop' is handed out pretty
freely - I think it's roughly equivalent to 'lay preacher'.
...and it's not the only title subject to inflation. Those
17-year-old missionaries are properly addressed as Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-02 10:55:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: test please ignore 
Don't top post!
I have 9 real messages from July 1.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-02 11:35:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Are the filters too restrictive on some CDRs? 
I use minder.com, which does no filtering.
The count is after throwing out spam,
duplicates, and Professor Rat.

@_date: 2003-07-07 15:59:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Genetic engineering [was: RE: DNA of relative indicts man, 
Once again, the main problem seems to be the 'thats icky'
factor which most people have difficulty getting past. We're
seeing it today in the hysteria over human cloning, we will see
it in human genetic engineering. We saw it in the past in IVF reproduction, and in organ transplantation - for a while in
Britain, cornea transplants were banned - the idea of 'looking
through a dead mans eyes' was just too weird.
Genetic engineering is a new area where man is seizing
control from nature, and is now faced with choices which
just didn't exist in the past. How individuals and societies
should make these decisions is pretty much uncharted
For any proposed change, some people will think it's a bad
idea, some people will think its great, and some people won't have an opinion. The proportions (and the reasons)
will vary from decision to descision.
There are some things where nearly everyone will agree
a genetic fix is desirable - for example, suceptibility to
heart disease, cancer, dental caries, and myopia. Other 'vanity' fixes seem pretty harmless - being tall, busty,
or having a well-stuffed package. Its when we get to 'fixes' to behaviour and personality
that things start to get very hairy. I fear that those in
power will use genetic engineering as they have used
every other tool at their disposal - weapons, states,
laws, and governments - to maintain their position at
the expense of the overall welfare of the species, by
allowing improvements only to their own descendents,
while requiring changes to those out of power which
make it harder for them to change their status.
One scenario:
"Mr & Mrs Smith: The No Child Should Fear Act of
2015 requires that your proposed son have the
'bullying' gene deleted if he is to attend publicly
funded schools. This is similar to the old requirements
for vaccination - we don't want your son to endanger
other children, do we? Of course, this also weakens any leadership
ability he might have been able to exercise later in
life, as well as his tendency to question authority, but
if it saves one child from humiliation at the hands of a
bully, its worth it.
If you don't want to accept this change, you are of
course free to send your child to private school, as
do most leaders. If you can afford it, that is...."
So, who gets to decide what changes are good, and
for whom? I know what I want the answer to be, but
I'm not certain that is the one that will come to pass.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-08 13:26:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
I'll ditto that - my brother is an extremist audiophile - he writes
reviews for the high-end stuff (google "Mike Trei"). Many (by
no means all) top end audophiles prefer all-analog equipment,
and direct-cut vinyl records (ie, the master disk was cut directly
at the performance, without a magtape master). I've listened to
some of this stuff, and it just blows digital away.
The general attitude is that while low-end digital beats low-end
analog, high-end analog beats high-end digital. Digital places
a distinct floor on how bad the quality can be, but it also puts
a ceiling on it. The data capacity of a vinyl groove is a lot higher
than a CD pit-track, but you need very good equipment to use it.
While the ear can't hear above 22KHz, signal above that *can*
effect the perceived sound, by heterodyne effects. For example,
if you play a single tone of 28KHz, or a single tone of 30 KHz,
you can't hear them. Play them together, however, and you
*can* hear a beat frequency of 2KHz.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-08 15:52:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
Not personally, but The Net holds all knowledge.
People are making real products using this
technique. For example....
Here's a neat application - 'audio spotlights'. The
directionality of a speaker is a function of the ratio of its diameter to the wavelength of the sound produced - by using an ultrasonic speaker with
audible beat frequencies, you can make a small,
very directional speaker:
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-17 10:01:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
Lets not forget optical TEMPEST - remember a few months ago,
when it was demonstrated that the image on a CRT could
be reconstructed just from the light it reflected on walls? The
point where the electron beam is hitting the phosphors is much brighter than the rest of the screen, and by syncing a
fast photodetector to monitor scan rates, you can reconstruct
the image on a screen in a distant room just by viewing the
backwash light through a telescope.

@_date: 2003-07-21 10:03:47
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: A day in the life 
No real SSN starts with the digit 9. Choose a random string, but make
the first digit '9'.

@_date: 2003-07-21 13:08:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: A day in the life 
Making a 9-digit number up at random is a bad idea, as it may coincide with someone's real number and cause them some amount of grief. It's better to use a number like 078-05-1120, which was printed on "sample" cards inserted in thousands of new wallets sold in the 40's and 50's. It's been used so widely that both the IRS and SSA recognize it immediately as bogus, while most clerks haven't heard of it. There were at least 40 different people in the Selective Service database at one point who gave this number as their SSN. The Social Security Administration recommends that people showing Social Security cards in advertisements use numbers in the range 987-65-4320 through 987-65-4329.
There are several patterns that have never been assigned, and which therefore don't conflict with anyone's real number. They include numbers with any field all zeroes, and numbers with a first digit of 8 or 9.
- end quote - Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-22 09:37:59
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Cypherpunks archive 
I'd very much like to see the archives in a downloadable

@_date: 2003-07-29 09:51:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: GPS blackbox tracking 
Of course, if you have one of the newer 'enhanced 911' cellphones,
you've done their work for them.

@_date: 2003-07-29 14:49:51
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the 
Over on Dave Farber's IP list, it's been pointed out that there
is a pre-existing, live, real-money market in futures on these
types of events. Go over to  and click on
'Current Events' under 'Trading Catagories' on the left. Drill down
and you'll find things like 'WMDs will be found in Iraq on or before
Sept 31', the value of which has dropped from 80 to 25 over the
last few months.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-30 16:20:37
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Secure IDE? 
ABIT has come out with a new motherboard, the "IC7-MAX3" featuring something called 'Secure IDE', which seems to involve HW crypto in the onboard IDE controller:
No, I have no idea what this actually means either.
I'm trying to find out.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-07-30 17:02:38
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Secure IDE? 
Yeah, I know it's tacky to followup ones own messages, but
I found a little more:
The accompanying diagram shows a daughterboard sitting between the HD and the system, with a USB
dongle coming off the side. eNova has more info at:
The USB dongle apparently acts only as a key
store, for a DES or 3DES key. It needs to be
present at boot time. It appears that the key
is put on the device by the manufacturer !!!!
though they promise "Enova Technology does not maintain a database of X-Wall Secure Keys". On the good side, it seems
to encrypt the whole disk, including the
boot sector and swap.
No info on chaining modes, if any, nor of
IV handling. There is no mention of a PIN
or other 'something you know' required to
use the USB key. I can't tell if pulling the
dongle shuts down the system.
Might be neat, but as yet, insufficient information.

@_date: 2003-07-31 09:31:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Secure IDE? 
Color me dissapointed. It's a move in the right direction, but I wish they had followed through and
done the right things:
* [AES | 3DES]/CBC with a good distribution of IVs
* User-generated keys (before initial disk setup, of course).
* Shutdown on dongle removal.
* Some kind of PIN or password protection on the dongle.
eNova claims not to keep a database of keys (they don't
say that 'there is no database of keys', which is a little
different), and to get a key copied you have to send it to
them. They do seem to supply a spare.
Back a few years ago, I calculated that with the DES key
search software then available, a single 200MHz machine
could search 40 bits of keyspace over a long weekend. Today it would take a few hours.
40 bit DES is not secure against your kid sister (if she's
a cypherpunk :-), much less industrial espionage.
Quote from
erBoard&pMODEL_NAME=SecureIDE :
"40-bit DES (US Data Encryption Standard) is adequate for general users"
Yeah. Right.

@_date: 2003-07-31 12:04:13
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Secure IDE? 
Possibly - they're using an ASIC, so I'd have thought that speed would not
be the issue. I have not run the numbers.
I'm not really up on crypto file systems, but I beleive at least some
use the sector address as the IV. IVs don't need to be random,
secret, or unpredictable - they just need to be unrepeated. (I'm
assuming sector-at-a-time encryption).
Having the user generate the key and load it on the dongle means that he has good assurance that the manufacturer doesn't have the key. Any kind of backup will open a possible route of
attack. If the user can specify the raw key value (it's short - this
is symmetric crypto), they can choose their own backup - up to
and including writing it on paper and carefuly hiding it.
We're talking about two different products. The ABIT is a MB, presumably with it's own custom BIOS, so that's not an issue there. Peter (T)

@_date: 2003-06-04 09:56:15
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: SIGINT planes vs. radioisotope mapping 
It appears that they can't tell the medical isotopes from others....

@_date: 2003-06-10 12:49:12
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: unregistered shell 
Actually, ammunition is not registered as such, but in DC you
are only allowed to possess ammunition suitable for one of your
DC-registered firearms. This applies even to spent cartridge If this guy didn't own a DC-registered shotgun of the same gauge as the shell found, then he's in violation. The car
had California plates, so it seems plausible that he was a non-resident.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-06-19 11:23:34
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
Googling on ("event data recorders" automobiles) will give a lot
of hits. For example:
These devices are a byproduct of the introduction of
airbags - the airbag processor stores the data which led it to
deploy the bag.
This can include
delta v
vehicle speed
engine speed
brake use
throttle position
driver seatbelt use
The cited report claims they only store the most recent 5 seconds
of data, snapshotted at 1 second intervals. It notes that the data can thus be confusing - for example, if a wheel leaves the ground
the speed reported can be way off, and if the driver pumps the
brakes, the 'brake use' data is ambiguous. It's not clear whether they
store data continuously, or just when the airbag deploys.
OTOH, I seem to remember reports of drivers of high-end cars (Audis?
BMWs?) getting their warranties invalidated because the main car
computer noted that they had exceeded certain speeds during the
break-in period.
Its not just the airbag computer that can narc you out....

@_date: 2003-06-23 09:28:44
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Is Hatch a Mormon or a crypto Satanist?  
SLC, while the state capital, and home of the LDS church, has
a comparatively low concentration of Mormons. Provo, which is
the home of BYU, is far more concentrated.
The Mormons have actually eased off on the caffeine issue in the
last decade or so. Coke is now OK. I'm not sure about coffee (part of the prohibition is against *hot* drinks, regardless of content).

@_date: 2003-05-01 10:15:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Factoring progress (was: RE: All trust is economics) 
RSA-160 was factored only a month ago.
This is a 530 bit number.
The effort appears comparable to that for the previous 512-bit challenge (much quicker due to advances in hardware over the intervening four years).
RSA-160 is one of the old series of challenges,
which carried piddling prizes, and were dropped
by RSA a few years ago.
As a result, Franke's team did not receive a prize
from RSA.
The newer challenges (see
carry more substantial prizes, ranging from $10,000 (RSA-576) to $200,000 (RSA-2048).
Note that the labling has changed - the old series
denoted challenges by the number of digits in the
decimal representation of the moduli. The new series uses the number of binary bits. So, old RSA-160 would be about equivalent to new
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-05-02 10:24:17
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: MailVault to sell of user mail, PGP keys (was: 
I took a peek at the items on sale. Of particular interest to privacy
buffs is Item U1 (see If I were a Mailvault customer, I would find this perturbing.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: My opinons! No one elses!

@_date: 2003-05-02 10:50:47
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Cheese-eating surrender monkeys 
No one expects the Pedantry Police!
Goldberg used the phrase in a 1999 column, but he did not invent it. It's from a actually from a 1995 Simpsons episode, "Round Springfield"
(production number 2F32) Here's the quote in context:
First broadcast: April 30, 1995
More info than you wanted to know:
[I agree with most of the post, but couldn't let this misquote stand]
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-05-02 15:51:24
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Factoring]  TWIRL and RSA key sizes 
This just came to me over one of our internal mailing lists. It may be of interest.
Peter Trei
RSA Security

@_date: 2003-05-05 10:24:48
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: whitehouse.gov taken over?  Cheese-eating surrender 
American distaste for the French was not very strong till recently; but goes back a long way. The "Cheese-eating surrender monkeys" line
goes back to 1995, as I showed - even then it was uncontroversial.
As long as I can remember, there has been a love-hate relationship.
This is based on the notion, held by many French and some
Americans, that France has a superior, more sophisticated culture
than the US. Some Americans just accept this, others see vast
pretentiousness. "An American in Paris" (1951) - uncritical acceptance.
"Funny Face" (1957) - Young Audrey Hepburn accepts until
Mark Twain had a LOT to say about the French - check
For an interesting essay on the evolution of European attitudes towards the US, try:
                       THE UNLOVED AMERICAN
                       by SIMON SCHAMA
                       Two centuries of alienating Europe.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-05-07 10:30:27
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
An anarchocapitalist society is capable of much
swifter innovation than a centralized one - I think we agree on that (see Cold War for many However, I don't think that a authoritarian society can absorb and use innovations gleaned from a
decentralized one of similar size at a pace high enough to keep up.
The barrier is that the centralized society requires
some gating mechanism to decide *which* innovations
to adopt. This gating mechanism (presumably a government ministry of some sort) has to vet innovations
not only for 'is it useful?' but also for 'in the long term, will it undermine our central control?'. This mechanism
has a limited bandwidth, and acts as a limiting factor
in the centralized societies ability to absorb innovation.
Examples are numerous; the tight restrictions on Internet access in many authoritarian countries is
just one of the most recent. Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-05-07 10:51:16
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Iris scanning 
Iris scanning does not use lasers. It uses a high-definition TV camera to
the iris (the colored ring around the pupil). Retinal scanning sometimes
uses lasers, but does not have to. There are some HUD displays  which paint an image directly on the retina with low powered lasers, but they're pretty rare.
Biometrics seems to be in a bit of a lull right now. Many people noted the
*absence* of many biometrics at the RSA conference this year; I myself
saw nothing besides fingerprint readers.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-05-07 16:24:15
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Sheeple Syndrome [was: Asperger's Syndrome] 
As long as as people are going to wall off particular personality types, and label them as "Something-or-other Syndrome", we ought to be
able to have fun with this too.
[more examples are invited]
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-05-11 23:31:43
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Collectivism in "community gardens" 
In the spirit of 'one man's terrorist is another mans freedom fighter',
I have taken to calling these 'liberation diamonds'.

@_date: 2003-05-12 15:21:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
I hope you whitelist known regular posters. I subscribe to
minder, but often post thru lne.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-05-16 17:41:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: This disc will self-destruct in 48 hours. 
...or keep them in the freezer between viewings.
The thing to do is to get the Greens screaming about the
eco pollution factor of zillions of disks filling landfills.

@_date: 2003-05-21 17:37:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Oregon's proposed new class of terrorists 
What the hell is it with Oregon, anyway? More idiotic legislation
seems to come out of that state, in proportion to its population, than
any other place except the District of Columbia.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: My opinions, no one elses!

@_date: 2003-05-21 19:03:45
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Oregon's proposed new class of terrorists 
The feeling I get is that Oregon combines the worst of California and
the 'classic Western' states.
California has a highly intrusive, interventionist government, but this
is leavened by the liberalism of many of the positions it holds. Thus,
while California is really bad for some individual rights (such as the
RKBA), it's fairly libertine on others (such as lifestyles).
In the 'classic Western' states (I'm thinking of Wyoming, Montana,
Nevada, Idaho, etc, and I don't claim to be really well informed on this),
while the general population holds pretty rightwing views, this is
leavened by a strain of semi-libertarianism in the government, in the
'don't intevene' sense.
Oregon seems to combine the worst of both, along with none of the
good points - a highly intrusive California style government, with
very rightwing views.

@_date: 2003-05-28 11:54:58
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Real Crypto Terrorists. 
Red Brigades PDA highlights encryption controversy By Philip Willan,
IDG News Service May 21, 2003 ROME - Italian police have seized at least two
Psion PLC PDAs (personal digital assistants) from members of
the Red Brigades terrorist organization but the major
investigative breakthrough they were hoping for as a result of
the information contained on the devices has failed to
materialize -- thwarted by encryption software used by the
left-wing revolutionaries.
Failure to crack the code, despite the reported assistance of
U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) computer experts,
puts a spotlight on the controversy over the wide availability
of powerful encryption tools.
The Psion devices were seized on March 2 after a shootout on a
train travelling between Rome and Florence, Italian media and
sources close to the investigation said. The devices, believed
to number two or three, were seized from Nadia Desdemona Lioce
and her Red Brigades comrade Mario Galesi, who was killed in
the shootout. An Italian police officer was also killed. At
least one of the devices contains information protected by
encryption software and has been sent for analysis to the FBI
facility in Quantico, Va., news reports and sources said.
The FBI declined to comment on ongoing investigations, and
Italian authorities would not reveal details about the
information or equipment seized during the shootout.
The software separating the investigators from a potentially
invaluable mine of information about the shadowy terrorist
group, which destabilized Italy during the 1970s and 1980s and
revived its practice of political assassination four years ago
after a decade of quiescence, was PGP (Pretty Good Privacy),
the Rome daily La Repubblica reported. So far the system has
defied all efforts to penetrate it, the paper said.
Palm-top devices can only run PGP if they use the Palm OS or
Windows CE operating systems, said Phil Zimmermann, who
developed the encryption software in the early 1990s. Psion
PLC uses its own operating system known as Epoc, but it might
still be possible to use PGP as a third party add-on, a
spokesman for the British company said.
There is no way that the investigators will succeed in
breaking the code with the collaboration of the current
manufacturers of PGP, the Palo Alto, Calif.-based PGP,
Zimmermann said in a telephone interview.
"Does PGP have a back door? The answer is no, it does not," he
said. "If the device is running PGP it will not be possible to
break it with cryptanalysis alone."
Investigators would need to employ alternative techniques,
such as looking at the unused area of memory to see if it
contained remnants of plain text that existed before
encryption, Zimmermann said.
The investigators' failure to penetrate the PDA's encryption
provides a good example of what is at stake in the
privacy-versus-security debate, which has been given a whole
new dimension by the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in the U.S.
Zimmermann remains convinced that the advantages of PGP, which
was originally developed as a human rights project to protect
individuals against oppressive governments, outweigh the
"I'm sorry that cryptology is such a problematic technology,
but there is nothing we can do that will give this technology
to everyone without also giving it to the criminals," he
said. "PGP is used by every human rights organization in the
world. It's something that's used for good. It saves lives."
Nazi Germany and Stalin's Soviet Union are examples of
governments that had killed far more people than all the
world's criminals and terrorists combined, Zimmermann said. It
was probably technically impossible, Zimmermann said, to
develop a system with a back door without running the risk
that the key could fall into the hands of a Saddam Hussein or
a Slobodan Milosevic, the former heads of Iraq and Yugoslavia,
"A lot of cryptographers wracked their brains in the 1990s
trying to devise strategies that would make everyone happy and
we just couldn't come up with a scheme for doing it," he said.
"I recognize we are having more problems with terrorists now
than we did a decade ago. Nonetheless the march of
surveillance technology is giving ever increasing power to
governments. We need to have some ability for people to try to
hide their private lives and get out of the way of the video
cameras," he said.
Even in the wake of Sept. 11, Zimmermann retains the view that
strong cryptography does more good for a democracy than
harm. His personal website,  contains
letters of appreciation from human rights organizations that
have been able to defy intrusion by oppressive governments in
Guatemala and Eastern Europe thanks to PGP. One letter
describes how the software helped to protect an Albanian
Muslim woman who faced an attack by Islamic extremists because
she had converted to Christianity.
Zimmermann said he had received a letter from a Kosovar man
living in Scandinavia describing how the software had helped
the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) in its struggle against the
Serbs. On one occasion, he said, PGP-encrypted communications
had helped to coordinate the evacuation of 8,000 civilians
trapped by the Serbs in a Kosovo valley. "That could have
turned into another mass grave," Zimmermann said.
Italian investigators have been particularly frustrated by
their failure to break into the captured Psions because so
little is known about the new generation of Red
Brigades. Their predecessors left a swathe of blood behind
them, assassinating politicians, businessmen and security
officials and terrorizing the population by "knee-capping," or
shooting in the legs, perceived opponents. Since re-emerging
from the shadows in 1999 they have shot dead two university
professors who advised the government on labor law reform.
Zimmermann is not optimistic about the investigators' chances
of success. "The very best encryption available today is out
of reach of the very best cryptanalytic methods that are known
in the academic world, and it's likely to continue that way,"
he said.
Sources close to the investigation have suggested that they
may even have to turn to talented hackers for help in breaking
into the seized devices. One of the magistrates coordinating
the inquiry laughed at mention of the idea. "I can't say
anything about that," he said.
The technical difficulty in breaking PGP was described by an
expert witness at a trial in the U.S. District Court in
Tacoma, Wash., in April 1999. Steven Russelle, a detective
with the Portland Police Bureau, was asked to explain what he
meant when he said it was not "computationally feasible" to
crack the code. "It means that in terms of today's technology
and the speed of today's computers, you can't put enough
computers together to crack a message of the kind that we've
discussed in any sort of reasonable length of time," he told
the court.
Russelle was asked whether he was talking about a couple of
years or longer. "We're talking about millions of years," he

@_date: 2003-11-03 11:15:13
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: FLASH: DHS wants info on store refunds? 
I strongly suspect that this is not DHS policy - it would have to apply to
cash refund, regardless as to whether the underlying purchase was weapon
related or not. We'd have heard a lot more about it if this were the case.
For more gubmint nonsense on things that go bang, take at look at:
"Effective immediatly, US State Dept. regulations prohibit the export of any riflescope with a mil-dot reticle outside the United States."
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-11-24 13:04:01
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: e voting  
Thats not how it works. The idea is that you make your choices on
the machine, and when you lock them in, two things happen: They
are electronically recorded in the device for the normal count, and
also, a paper receipt is printed. The voter checks the receipt to
see if it accurately records his choices, and then is required to
put it in a ballot box retained at the polling site.
If there's a need for a recount, the paper receipts can be checked.
I imagine a well designed system might show the paper receipt through
a window, but not let it be handled, to prevent serial fraud.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-11-25 14:21:38
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
I realize you big city types (yes, Tim, Corralitos is big compared to my
little burg) have full scale voting booths with curtains (I used the big
mechanical machines when I lived in Manhatten), but out here in the sticks,
the 'voting booth' is a little standing desk affair with 18 inch privacy shields on 3 sides. If someone tried to take a photo of their ballot in one
of those it would be instantly obvious. All I want is a system which is not more easily screwed around with then
paper ballots. Have some imagination - you could, for example, set things
up so the voter, and only the voter, can see the screen and/or paper receipt
while voting, but still make it impossible to use a camera without being

@_date: 2003-11-26 15:05:59
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Actually, I think its called 'Optical Mark Sense'.
Indeed, thats where I live, and the tech we use. It pretty much fits
all the requirements.
The only complaints I've heard are:
* It doesn't randomize the order of candidate presentation.
* No provision for dealing with the blind.

@_date: 2003-10-17 10:13:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Inferno: Cold War encryption laws stand, but not as firmly 
[Judge Patel throws out Bernstein case after USG 'promises' not
to enforce the laws requiring notification of publication of crypto
source code]
No, this is NOT great news. The law stands, and promises from
a government agent are of questionable sincerity. If a researcher publishes crypto source, the law is still a sword of Damocles
hanging over his head, ready to fall if he displeases the powers that
Great news would have been Judge Patel declaring the
law unconstitutional, or (better) the USG repealing the law.
Ayn Rand, wrong about so many things, had it right:
"There's no way to rule innocent men. The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws."
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: My opinions only.

@_date: 2003-10-24 14:16:16
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Support the Bush-Orwell '04 campaign! 
Cute, but actually putting George Orwell on the ticket would actually be a very nice counterbalance to Ashcroft,
etal (or course, he's dead, and foreign, but thats not his
Here's another list of slogans that is floating around:

@_date: 2003-09-22 09:58:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Liquidating the Mud People 
Long weapons can be brought into Canada from the US with just a little
paperwork. Handguns are a different story.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-09-22 13:15:24
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
Two wrongs do not make a right, but three rights do make a left :-)
Peter Trei

@_date: 2003-09-25 13:56:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Inferno: Akila Al-Hashimi assassinated (fwd) 
I don't have much trust in the US media, but this is nonsense. The assasination attempt was covered by the NYT among others. I heard about
it on the radio at the weekend, and it was on Yahoo News.
Peter Trei
BAGHDAD, Iraq, Sept. 20 - In the first attempt to assassinate a member of Iraq's interim government, nine gunmen this morning shot and critically wounded Akila al-Hashemi, one of three women on the governing body, as she was being driven to work by a driver and three bodyguards.

@_date: 2004-04-02 11:38:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, and    
I haven't eaten domestic cat, but I have eaten lion. Suprisingly,
it was a light tender meat, resembling veal more than anything
else. Tasted good.
"So who's top predator now?"
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-04-02 13:42:50
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, and     
No direct proof. This was at a restaurant called "The New Deal"
in SoHo, NYC, I think on Prince Street. Once a year they would
carry a game menu for a couple weeks, and I went there with a
bunch of friends. Among other things, we ordered rattlesnake, alligator, buffalo, venison, zebra, bear, and lion. I liked most of it - the alligator not so much, nor the zebra (partly because we got an unusual cut - the 'prarie oysters' :-).
Were they faking it?  The snake, buffalo, deer, and bear I had
had before, and they seemed the real McCoy. We tried to order
elephant, but they were out. If they were intent on fraud, would they have told us that?
Out of curiosity, I asked about sources, and it turns out that, except for the rattlesnake and bear it all came from game ranches, mostly down in Texas. I know they also ranch lion down there. I don't know where they got elephant, but
the source seemed more sporadic.
At the prices they were charging, I'm sure they had no need
to fake it.

@_date: 2004-04-07 10:17:53
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
This is kind of broken. Allowing the voter to get a receipt which
they take away with them for verification may allow the voter to verify
that their vote was recorded as cast, but also allows coercion and vote buying.
To their credit, the creators thought of this, and suggest a
partial procedural fix in the threat analysis document:
The first problem, or course, is that a person under threat of coercion will need to present the coercer with a receipt showing exactly the mix of votes the coercer required. This is leads to a combinatorial explosion of fake receipts that need to be available.
Having only one vote on each receipt might mitigate this, but it still
gets really messy.
Second, it's not clear how this protects against the coercer checking the
ballot online - will every fake also be recorded in the system, so
it passes the online check? Having both real and fake ballots in
the verification server makes me very nervous.
Its possible I've missed something - this is based on a quick glance
through the online documents, but I don't see any advantage this system has over the much more discussed one where the reciept is
printed in a human readable way, shown to the voter, but retained inside the machine as a backup for recounts.
Just my private, personal opinion.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-04-07 13:16:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
The system described allows the user to take a reciept (which has
only numbers on it) and use a website to determine that the vote
was recorded correctly.
A decoy receipt would also have to pass this test.
Frankly, the whole online-verification step seems like an
unneccesary complication.
* Both real and decoy receipts would have to be in the database
for verification - which bothers me a lot.
* There seems to be no provision for recounts - what are they supposed to do - have everybody send in their receipts? How can you
tell the decoys from the real?
I give VoteHere kudos for releasing their source, but it doesnt
solve the e-voting problem.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-04-07 16:10:34
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
Yes, that seems to be the case. Note that in the current
(non computer) systems, we have no way to assure that our votes  actually contributed to the total, but the procedural stuff of having mutually hostile observers to the counting process makes deliberate discarding of one side's votes less likely. (Non-deliberate losses - such as the recent failure to record cards marked with the wrong kind of pen - can still happen).
VoteHere, while they seem to be well-meaning, have
not solved the problem. Mercuri & Rivest have described how to do it right; we just need someone
to buld or retrofit the machines appropriately.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-04-07 16:52:46
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Firm invites experts to punch holes in ballot software 
As Ian has noted, self-auditability and uncoercibility seem to be to be mutually exclusive requirements.
If you're going to assume that the whole system is untrustworthy,
you're still screwed despite the receipts - if the website says that yes, your vote counted in the final total, that still does not tell you that the right candidate was declared the winner. That would only happen if enough voters pooled their verifications to show that that
had to be the case (this is equivalent to a recount).
In a close-run two candidate race, if a number of voters equal to half the gap between the the candidate's totals failed to verify
and report that their vote was recorded correctly, the result
is still untrustworthy.
....and any system which relies on advanced mathematics
will be unintelligible and mistrusted by the average voter.

@_date: 2004-04-08 13:20:04
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Research Shows Explosives Remain Part Of Human Hair 
I'm not to sure on that. I've seen people who are active shooters get their range bags swabbed at airports, but never set off the detectors.
You'd have thought that a bag which spent a lot of time containing
ammo (smokeless powder is based on cellulose nitrate), uncleaned
firearms after sessions, and which sits nearby while firing is undeway,
would have all kinds of interesting traces on it.

@_date: 2004-04-09 11:05:40
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: voting 
Our anonymous corrospondent has not addressed the issues I raised in my initial post on the 7th:
1. The use of receipts which a voter takes from the voting place to 'verify'
their vote was correctly included in the total opens the way for voter
2. The proposed fix - a blizzard of decoy receipts - makes recounts based
on the receipts impossible.
Asking the readers of this list to 'familiarize themselves with the
literature', is, in many cases,  a little like telling Tiger Woods that he needs to familiarize himself with the rules of golf. We know the 'advanced cryptographic techniques' you refer to. We also know what their limitations
- what they can and cannot do. This is not the appropriate forum to try to say
"trust me".
Answer this:
1. How does this system prevent voter coercion, while still allowing receipt
based recounts? Or do you have some mechanism by which I can
personally verify every vote which went into the total, to make sure they
are correct?
2. On what basis do you think the average voter should trust this system,
seeing as it's based on mechanisms he or she cant personally verify?
3. What chain of events do I have to beleive to trust that the code which
is running in the machine is actually and correctly derived from the source code I've audited? I refer you to Ken Thompsons classic paper "Reflections on trusting trust", as well as the recent Diebold debacle
with uncertified patches being loaded into the machine at the last moment.
This last is an important point - there is no way you can eliminate the
requirement of election officials to behave legitimately. Since that
requirement can't be done away with by technology, adding technology
only adds more places the system can be compromised.
Based on the tone of this letter, I'd hazard a guess that 'privacy' has a
vested interest in VoteHere. If this true, it's a little odd that they are
willing to expose their source code, but not their name. We don't
bite, unless the victim deserves it :-) Opening your source is an
admirable first step - why not step out of the shadows so we can
help you make your system better?
I fear a system which does not have a backup mechanism that the
average voter can understand. While it's true that non-electronic
systems are subject to compromise, so are electronic ones, regardless of their use of ZK proofs, or 'advanced cryptographic
I do think electronic voting machines are coming, and a good
thing. But they should be promoted on the basis that they are easier to use, and fairer in presentation, then are manual
methods. Promoting them on the basis that they are more
secure, and less subject to vote tampering is simply false.
Peter Trei
RSA Security
Disclaimer: The above represents my personal opinions only.

@_date: 2004-04-16 12:03:13
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: voting 
I'd pretty much dropped this topic after it became clear that Mr. Leichter's
only response to the problems that people pointed out in VoteHere's
scheme (in particular, its vulnerability to vote coercion, and lack of
recountability) was to attempt to redefine them as non-problems. However, since the topic has arisen again.....
Ed's got a very good point. I always prefer security which relies for
its integrity on the laws of nature, rather than on people behaving
with integrity.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-04-23 10:43:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [IP] One Internet provider's view of FBI's CALEA wiretap 
Whats your threat model? If the prospective attacker
has state-level resources, this will always fail.
There are a number of guides online describing how attackers should deal with computer data. One
of the most basic is they *never* run the attackees
software on the original disk. Step one is always to
make a bit-level mirror of the entire hard drive, and
work with a copy of that. Step zero is to pull the power,
so any shutdown code does not run.
Any protective scheme which relies on the attacker
inadvertantly activating software is doomed from the
If you're dealing with a state-level attacker, any
scheme involving explosives or incendiaries would get
the attackee in as much or more trouble than the
original data would.
This is a hard problem. I suspect any solution will
involve tamper-resistant hardware, which zeroizes
itself if not used in the expected mode.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-04-28 16:40:39
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Lowering the Bar for Threats 
Didn't they do that at Waco? I remember the heavy vehicles
knocking in the walls, as all the while the loudspeakers advised the men, women, and children trapped inside that 'this is not a raid'.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-08-20 22:10:33
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
I caught the rerun. I have John's appearence as an mpg;
13 Mb at VCD qual, ~65 at DVD qual. I think <2 minutes
of a 30 minute show counts as fair use.
If someone can take that much as a mail attachment,
or has an acessible ftp site, I'd be happy to send it.
I'd prefer someone who can post it for others.
It's funny, but not deep.

@_date: 2004-08-23 16:21:28
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
After some hiccups, I got a copy to Riad S. Wahby,
and he has posted it at
Thanks, Riad!

@_date: 2004-08-24 09:39:08
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
Tyler Durden [mailto:camera_lumina at hotmail.com]
While I agree on your assessment, don't forget
 5) CYA. Since 9/11, the lower echelons of the
security apparatus know that if Something Bad
happens, and they are shown to have discounted
any hint or suspicion concerning any person
even very peripherally involved, their ass is
grass and their career goes in the toilet.

@_date: 2004-08-27 11:03:58
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Air travel without ID. 
[For IP, if you wish - pt]
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-12-10 09:50:10
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Blinky Rides Again: RCMP suspect al-Qaida messages 
For semaphores and codewords, stego isn't needed. Simply
agree on a signal - if a post appears in
alt.anonymous.messages with the subject "To JAT", the
intended recipient has got all the info he needs.
Stego is needed only when the message is too complex
to have a codeword.
Even without software, 'numbers station' type
transmissions can be sent anonymously through the net.

@_date: 2004-12-10 10:01:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: punkly current events 
Eugen Leitl
Now that would be an interesting worm - one
which, instead of installing a spamalator,
installed a remailer and posted public keys
and contact info to usenet.
(Disclaimer: No, I don't do things like that).

@_date: 2004-12-22 10:14:48
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RAH's postings. 
I wasn't actually expecting anonymity. I wrote directly to
RAH, asking him politely to edit down his posts, and simply
post a few lines and a pointer. Not pointing out his
faults in public was simply good manners. His response boils
down to 'fuck you'.
Cypherpunks has a very loose charter, but it is not the
'everything and anything RAH thinks is neat' list.

@_date: 2004-02-13 11:13:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Free RSA Expo passes available 
The RSA Security Conference in San Francisco is coming up:
Feb 23-27.
As in the past, free Expo passes are available if you register online at
the conference site:  (The expo is not
open all days - check the schedule).
Last year, getting a badge required an ID and getting photographed.
I expect its the same this year. Some list members succeeded in gaming this system in highly entertaining ways.

@_date: 2004-02-13 11:43:11
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Call to the Usual Suspects 
I'll be in the SF/SJ area the week of the RSA conference.
Anyone interested in getting together for dinner one night?
We used to try to schedule a BA Cypherpunks Physical
Meeting to match up with the event, but the PMs seem to
have died out.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-01-09 09:58:41
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
I used to walk by India House on my way to college (I went to Kings
College London), and I noticed them too.
I believe at least one British government ministry used the swastika
as a symbol in the early 30's - but can't remember which. There was a
bit of a fad for 'runic' symbols back then.

@_date: 2004-01-26 10:09:31
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Howard Dean wants national IDs, internet drivers licenses. 
I realize that there isn't a major party presidential
candidate alive who gets approval from most of the people
on this list, but it's worthwhile to note which ones are
proposing explicitly poor internet and privacy policy.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, January 26, 2004 8:18 AM
Dean should come clean on privacy
January 26, 2004, 4:00 AM PT
By Declan McCullagh
After Howard Dean's unexpected defeat last week in Iowa, public attention has focused on his temper, his character, and that guttural Tyrannosaurus bellow of his not-quite-a-concession speech. But Dean's views on Americans' privacy rights may be a superior test of his fitness to be president.
Dean's current stand on privacy appears to leave little wiggle room: His campaign platform pledges unwavering support for "the constitutional principles of equality, liberty and privacy."
Fifteen months before Dean said he would seek the presidency, however, the former Vermont governor spoke at a conference in Pittsburgh co-sponsored by smart-card firm Wave Systems where he called for state drivers' licenses to be transformed into a kind of standardized national ID card for Americans. Embedding smart cards into uniform IDs was necessary to thwart "cyberterrorism" and identity theft, Dean claimed. "We must move to smarter license cards that carry secure digital information that can be universally read at vital checkpoints," Dean said in March 2002, according to a copy of his prepared remarks. "Issuing such a card would have little effect on the privacy of Americans."
Dean also suggested that computer makers such as Apple Computer, Dell, Gateway and Sony should be required to include an ID card reader in PCs--and Americans would have to insert their uniform IDs into the reader before they could log on. "One state's smart-card driver's license must be identifiable by another state's card reader," Dean said. "It must also be easily commercialized by the private sector and included in all PCs over time--making the Internet safer and more secure."
The presidential hopeful offered few details about his radical proposal. "On the Internet, this card will confirm all the information required to gain access to a state (government) network--while also barring anyone who isn't legal age from entering an adult chat room, making the Internet safer for our children, or prevent adults from entering a children's chat room and preying on our kids...Many new computer systems are being created with card reader technology. Older computers can add this feature for very little money," Dean said.
There's probably a good reason why Dean spoke so vaguely: It's unclear how such a system would work in practice. Must Internet cafes include uniform ID card readers on public computers? Would existing computers have to be retrofitted? Would tourists be prohibited from bringing laptops unless they sported uniform ID readers? What about Unix shell accounts? How did a politician who is said to be Internet-savvy concoct this scheme?
[...remainder snipped...]
Politech mailing list
Archived at Moderated by Declan McCullagh (

@_date: 2004-07-16 11:01:03
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: vacuum-safe laptops ? 
What's your application, exactly? A rocket? I don't know about rapid decompression, but one problem is
with the disk drives - the heads rely on entrained air to
maintain separation from the disk surface. Most drives are
not hermetically sealed, and have a (filtered) port to the
outside to equalize air pressure.
Some drives *are* sealed, and will operate at low pressure.
I've seen this issue disscussed in the context of computers
and laptops at high-altitude astronomical observatories:
most machines will suffer head crashes if you try to use
them at > 10,000 feet (jets maintain an internal pressure
altitude of about 5,000 feet). Some applications use solid state drives to get around
Some displays may also be a problem. This is more an issue for big plasma displays. Sony makes a special plasma TV for high altitude use:
A useful article is at
You might want to look at the Itronix GoBook Max.
This device supposedly meets MILSPEC:
which is a USG survivability spec. It includes an explosive decompression
test, but not to high vacuum.
...and of course, all this gets pricy.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-07-20 17:14:14
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Texas oil refineries, a White Van, and Al Qaeda 
Indeed. Among the endless variety of things people do with
their spare time are trainspotters and planespotters. This
seems to be more popular in Britain than in the US, but
I wonder if even over there people who park themselves near
airports railway statiions, obsessively noting the arrival
and departure of each vehicle, attract the attention of

@_date: 2004-07-27 10:28:09
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: DES: Now 'really most sincerely dead' 
Back in late 1996, I wrote to Jim Bidzos, proposing an RSA
Challenge to break single DES by brute force computation. Later in 1997, the first DES Challenge was successfully
Its taken another 7 years, but NIST has finally pulled single DES as a supported mode. Favorite line: "DES is now vulnerable to key exhaustion using massive, parallel computations."
Triple DES is still a supported mode, as it
should be.
So, if a product claims to use DES for
protection, you can now officially diss them for it.
Peter Trei
[Federal Register: July 26, 2004 (Volume 69, Number 142)]
[Notices]               [Page 44509-44510]
[DOCID:fr26jy04-31]

@_date: 2004-03-31 10:26:48
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Liquid Natural Flatulence 
Bob: Get your facts straight:
* Evaporating LPG (liquids do not 'sublimate') will burn at the   interface where the proper mixture is obtains - and the heat
  from that will speed the evaporization of the rest.
* LPGs (both butane and propane) are denser than air.
  Propane has about the same density as CO2.
  Butane is even denser. They will both travel downhill
  and pool in low spots. * LPGs can most definitely asphyxiate you.
"LPG can form a flammable mixture when mixed with air. The flammable range at ambient temperature and pressure extends between approximately 2 % of the vapour in air at its lower limit and approximately 10 % of the vapour in air at its upper limit. Within this range there is a risk of ignition. Outside this range any mixture is either too weak or too rich to propagate flame. However, over-rich mixtures can become hazardous when diluted with air and will also burn at the interface with air."
"LPG vapour is denser than air: butane is about twice as heavy as air and propane about one and a half times as heavy as air. Consequently, the vapour may flow along the ground and into drains, sinking to the lowest level of the surroundings and be ignited at a considerable distance from the source of leakage. In still air vapour will disperse "At very high concentrations in air, LPG vapour is anaesthetic and subsequently an asphyxiant by diluting or decreasing the available The 'rise to the sky and disperse' stuff you're talking about applies
to hydrogen, not LPG. A massive LPG spill will spread out over the surface of the ground and water, and when a source of ignition is found,
the whole mass will burn at the interface where it mixes with air.
You might also want to take a look at
 "Improvised Explosive Device (IED) Safe Standoff Distance Cheat Sheet"
which reccomends in the case of an 18 wheeler LPG truck to keep
people at least 1996 feet away.
I would not want to be nearby when a tanker - or a massive storage
tank - gets hit.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2004-03-31 14:08:30
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Liquid Natural Flatulence 
OK, I agree I was a bit snarky. Mea culpas below.
Not only that, but it doesn't burn that fast:
"Natural gas is only combustible at a concentration of 5 to 15 percent when mixed with air. And, its flame speed is very slow. These facts may best be experienced by a simple demonstration often done at LNG fire schools. A large pit, i.e., 20' x 20', is filled with LNG, allowing the vapor cloud to drift with the wind. The cloud is ignited with a torch from a downwind side. Ignition typically occurs near the visible fringes of the cloud. The resulting flame front moves back toward the pit at a speed only slightly faster than a walk."
Well, I tried. Every dictionary I checked refers only to direct
solid->gas transition. I'm aware of the effect you describe, but
its not sublimation. See:
If you throw boiling water into the air at -32C, much of it evaporates instantly (the humidity is near zero), and some of the
larger droplets freeze, falling to the ground as ice. No liquid will hit the ground.
Volcabulary flames are about as pointless as they get, so I apologize for starting this one. Mea culpa. I was confusing LPG and LNG. (Some of the sources I looked at refered to liquid propane and butane is LNGs.) Those gases are denser than air. Correctly speaking, they are referred to as Liquified Petroleum Gases (LPG), not  Liquified Natural Gas (LNG). LNG is primarily methane,  which, as you say, is lighter than air.

@_date: 2004-03-31 14:14:42
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: DoD advisor advocates piracy 
No, seriously.
...the 'Yo Ho Ho' kind, that is.
Peter Trei
U.S. Senate Committee on Environment & Public Works
Hearing Statements 	
Statement of Peter Leitner
Reforming the Law of the Sea Treaty
Oversight hearing to examine the "United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea". I am appearing before you today as a private citizen and author. Although I
am a Senior Strategic Trade Advisor in the Office of the Secretary of
Defense my views and statements are my own and do not represent the views of
the Department or the U.S. government.
[massive snippage]
Additionally, I would suggest that the US may be well served by resurrecting
the historic use of Letters of Marque in both the war on Terrorism and the
protection of our coastal environment. It is obvious that the Federal
government is facing many simultaneous missions that take precedence over
traditional offshore environmental protection activities. This necessary
overextension, arising from the war on terror, results in shortages of
vessels and crews required for environmental patrols. Letters of Marque,
last used during the War of 1812, effectively enabled privateers to destroy
the Barbary Pirates and is a concept whose time has come, again! American
Fishermen and merchant seamen idled by quotas, regulation, and predatory
foreign competition can be mobilized to patrol the marine environment. They
can also be authorized to seize terrorist assets and provide material
assistance to the families of Americans victimized by terrorism awarded
punitive damages by US courts. Such modern-day Privateers would be legally
deputized to act as agents of the US Courts, the President, Congress, or
State Governors to protect the environment or fight terrorism by depriving
terrorists of their economic assets.

@_date: 2004-03-31 14:24:29
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Liquid Natural Flatulence 
The argument here is over your use of the word 'sublimate'. Liquid
water can't sublimate by definition, since its a liquid. We're saying that your chemist friend is using the word incorrectly.
That's all.

@_date: 2004-05-12 14:30:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: We're jamming, we're jamming, we hope you like jammin too 
You might want to look at the work RSA Labs is doing on 'blocker tags'.
These are special tags which leverage the mechanism used to disambiguate
the presence of multiple tags to make it look as if you are carrying
2^n (n usually 128) different tags at once.
They propose a protocol to make them only block tags for items which
have undergone sale to their final owner, but the idea could be applied to all tags.
Peter Trei
Full Disclosure: I work for RSA

@_date: 2004-05-19 13:59:56
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: EU seeks quantum cryptography response to Echelon 
Actually, I read this as the sort of puffery we more often see
from the snake-oil vendors; "Our proprietary Auto Generated
One Time Pad (TM) crypto is soooo strong that the government
may ban it - get it while you can!"

@_date: 2004-11-29 10:08:19
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Oswald 
Hitting at a upper-body sized target at less than 90 yards,
using a scoped rifle, is about as difficult shooting fish in a
barrel. The slow steady movement of the car makes it
slightly more interesting, but hardly challenging to a
decent marksman.
Check the Warren report:

@_date: 2005-04-05 14:37:18
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Google prioritises results for firefox and mozilla users 
Sarad AV
They're not speeding up the search; they're speculatively pre-loading whatever the top result is into your browser, so if you click on it, that page comes up faster.
Of course, this has potential negatives:
* It increases traffic.
* If you're behind a corporate firewall, it
  logs you as having connected to that site,
  and may raise alerts about your visiting
  of certain sites.
* Content you might not want on your machine
  winds up in the cache. Same for cookies.
* The site *may* turn up in your history
  (I haven't checked this).
* The site logs your IP as having connected.
I've turned this feature off.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-08-23 13:39:17
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [declan@well.com: [Politech] Montana Supreme Court justice 
Actually, if we ever managed to kill the culture of prohibition,
I suspect that crystal meth would be about as popular is bathtub
gin is today. It's terrible stuff.
I'd expect the big pharmas to start 'recreational drug' wings,
which would bring real research power to the problem of finding
highs which are fun, safe, affordable, and with minimal physical "I need a new drug..."
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-08-25 10:39:06
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Ryan Lackey in Iraq] Wiring the War Zone 
Eric, I think you could nuance this a bit.
Ryan isn't supporting Bush's little war - the military
has plenty of comm channels for C&C which Ryan wouldn't be allowed near.
What he's doing is supplying US soldiers with an independent,
uncensored and unreviewed channel through which they can find
out outside views of the war, information which their superiors
won't pass down to them, and a means by which they can
pass back their own views and opinions. Frankly, I'm suprised
the brass are letting him do it.
How do you think the prison abuse photos got back to the US Would you rather the soldiers rely on Stars & Stripes for info
on the changing situation back home?
If anything, what Ryan's doing advances the so-called
'cypherpunk agenda' more than anything being done at the
ideologicaly pure but practically insignificant Sealand.
Just my opinions....
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-08-25 15:01:52
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [Ryan Lackey in Iraq] Wiring the War Zone 
Thanks, it's refreshing when we actually get someone with
ground knowledge on an issue to respond. Posts like this
leave me better informed.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-08-29 09:39:49
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: test of minder remailer 
It looks like the minder remailer is under attack - I've
gotten about 20 messages with little or not content,
and a small zip file attached.

@_date: 2005-02-02 09:52:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
Seeing as it comes out of the TCG, this is almost certainly
the enabling hardware for Palladium/NGSCB. Its a part of
your computer which you may not have full control over.
Peter Trei
Tyler Durden

@_date: 2005-02-03 11:51:57
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Dell to Add Security Chip to PCs 
Erwann ABALEA
Congratulations on your new baby.
Working in the security business, paranoia is pretty
much a job requirement. "What's the worst that could happen?" is taken seriously.
The best that can happen with TCPA is pretty good -
it could stop a lot of viruses and malware, for one
But the worst that can happen with TCPA is pretty awful.
It could easily be leveraged to make motherboards
which will only run 'authorized' OSs, and OSs
which will run only 'authorized' software.
And you, the owner of the computer, will NOT
neccesarily be the authority which gets to decide
what OS and software the machine can run.
If you 'take ownership' as you put it, the internal
keys and certs change, and all of a sudden you
might not have a bootable computer anymore.
Goodbye Linux.
Goodbye Freeware.
Goodbye independent software development.
It would be a very sad world if this comes
to pass.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-02-07 16:09:32
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: RSA Conference, and BA Cypherpunks 
Once again, the RSA Conference is upon us, and many of the corrospondents on these lists will be in San Francisco. I'd like to
see if anyone is interested in getting together. We've done this
At past conferences, we've had various levels of participation, from 50 down to 3. Since the BAC Physical Meetings seem
to have pretty well died out, I'd like to propose that those
of us who are interested get together for lunch or dinner at some point.
I'll be arriving on site Monday afternoon, and leaving Friday
morning. Thursday night, at least, is already spoken for.
At the moment, it looks like Monday or Tuesday night may be the best, though a lunch is also possible.
Any takers?
Peter Trei
ptrei at rsasecurity.com
RSA Data Security Conference
Dates: Feb 14-18 2005
Place: Moscone Center, San Francisco
 While the full conference is rather expensive, note
that you can get a free Expo pass if you register online
by 5pm Feb 14th.

@_date: 2005-02-17 19:56:07
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: SHA1 broken? 
Actually, the final challenge was solved in 23 hours, about
1/3 Deep Crack, and 2/3 Distributed.net. They were lucky, finding
the key after only 24% of the keyspace had been searched.
More recently, RC5-64 was solved about a year ago. It took
d.net 4 *years*. 2^69 remains non-trivial.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thu 2/17/2005 5:49 AM
  > I believe you are incorrect in this statement. It is a matter of public
   Its fine assuming that moore's law will hold forever, but without that you can't really extrapolate a future tech curve. with *todays* technology, you would have to spend an appreciable fraction of the national budget to get a one-per-year "break", not that anything that has been hashed with sha-1 can be considered breakable (but that would allow you to (for example) forge a digital signature given an example)
   This of course assumes that the "break" doesn't match the criteria from the previous breaks by the same team - ie, that you *can* create a collision, but you have little or no control over the plaintext for the colliding elements - there is no way to know as the paper hasn't been published yet.

@_date: 2005-01-04 13:41:15
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: California Bans a Large-Caliber Gun, and the Battle Is On 
John Kelsey wrote
Damn hard. There's a reason winghunters use shotguns,
and anti-aircraft guns are full auto.
The only way an attacker would have a chance is to
stand at the end of the runway, and fire while the
plane passes overhead. I have heard of police
choppers and ultra lights being fired on from the
ground, but never a commercial flight in the US.
The scenario the gun-grabbers posit is someone
doing this with tracer rounds. Commercial aircraft
do not have self-sealing tanks, and if the attacker
is incredibly lucky he might be able to start a fire.
50 BMG can be effectively used in anti-material roles,
but firing on planes in the air is not one of them.
Barrett actually tried to make an shoulder-fired AA
model at one point, but abandoned it as impractical.
As has been pointed out, 50 BMG rifles have never
been used in the commission of a felony. They are
being demonized because they Look Scary (check out
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-04 15:24:56
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Banks Test ID Device for Online Security 
The slashdot article title is really, really misleading.
In both cases, this is SecurID.

@_date: 2005-01-06 14:20:53
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: sitting ducks 
It appears that the Iraqi resistance fighters figured out that
of several of them simultaneously fire full-auto AK's in front
of a chopper flying overhead, sometimes they'll get lucky. Of
course, these are low, slow targets.
We're discussing a terrorist trying to take out a commercial
jet with a 50 BMG, right? Even at takeoff, a passenger
jet is moving at 150-200 mph, a *lot* faster than a clay
pigeon, or the choppers the Iraqis hit.
I understand that there is redundancy in the critical
components. Hitting the pilot AND copilot at takeoff
would probably be effective, but you've got one (1)
shot before its out of range, and its moving fast.
A tracer into a fuel tank may also be effective.
But that's not the 50 BMG scenario. The most effective
way to use the 50 BMG would probably be to hit an
engine intake rotor while the jet is still on the
ground, starting its takeoff roll. This probably
won't kill anyone, but would have a big economic
impact as people decided not to fly.
...but that's still a damn difficult shot. The
target is moving, the bullet has non-trivial
flight time (well over a second at long range).
Getting a first shot hit is highly improbable.
All in all, the 50 BMG vs jet scenario is just
plain bogus.
I honestly don't think that many politicians
wake up in the morning and think to themselves
'What rights can I erode today?'. I think it's
more 'what can I do that will make me *look*
good?' . It doesn't matter if their action is
actually effective, it matters that it makes
them appear to be 'doing something' and makes
for a good 5 second sound bite.
50 BMG rifles are used, very rarely, for
hunting. For an example, see:
More people are into very long
range (1000 yard and up) target shooting.
Those are the only 'legitimate' civilian
reasons to use a 50 BMG. It's like owning a
McLaren F1 - you can't use it much, but its
very, very, cool.
As a result, it's difficult for most people
to come up with a justification to own
one beyond 'because it's very, very cool'.
[I'm deliberately leaving aside the 2A
rights issue (which in a better world would
be then end of the argument) since it
doesn't seem to get much traction with
most politicians or sheeple any more].
50BMG rifles look very, very, tactical.
I've never seen one with a walnut stock.
They are the canonical 'scary looking gun'.
So, the politician sees a type of gun:
* Which theoreticly could be used to do Very
  Bad Things.
* Owned by a group of people too
  small to be significant voting block.
* For which its difficult to come up with
  a practical use.
* Which looks very photogenicly scary.
...and he or she thinks 'Wow, a lot of
people will feel safer it I ban these,
and I can make them think I'm protecting
them. Also, getting on TV with one of
these is a great visual.'
Actual reality doesnt enter it.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-10 15:04:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Ready, Aim, ID Check: In Wrong Hands, Gun Won't Fire 
John Kelsey
A remarkable number of police deaths are 'own gun'
incidents, so the police do have a strong motivation
to use 'smart guns' if they are reliable.
In New Jersey, there is some kind of legislation
in place to restrict sales to 'smart guns', once
they exist. Other types would be banned. (Actually,
getting a carry permit in NJ is already almost
impossible, unless you're politically connected.)
This particular model seems to rely on pressure
sensors on the grip. This bothers me - under the
stress of a gunfight, you're likely to have a
somewhat different pattern than during the
enrollment process.
Many 'smart guns' also have big problems with
issues which arise in real life gun fights -
shooting from awkward positions behind cover,
one-handed vs two-handed, weak hand (righthander
using left hand, and vice versa, which can happen
if dictated by cover or injury), point vs
sighted shooting, and passing a gun to a disarmed
There are other systems which have been proposed;
magnetic or RFID rings, fingerprint sensors, etc.
The one thing that seems to be common to all of
the 'smart gun' designs is that they are
conceived by people with little experience in
how guns are actually used.
To look at a particularly ludicrous example, try
For a gun to work, it is just as important that
it fires when it should, as that it does not
fire when it shouldn't. A safety system
which delays firing by even half a second,
or which introduces a significant false
rejection rate (and 1% is way over the line),
is a positive hazard.
When the police switch to smart guns, and
have used them successfully for some time
(say, a year at least) without problems,
I'll beleive them ready for prime time.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-10 17:23:33
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Ready, Aim, ID Check: In Wrong Hands, Gun Won't Fire 
Cynically, I'm not the slightest bit suprised that the police
are exempted: 'safety for the government, not for the people'.
A 1% false negative rate is too high. A 50% false positive rate is
*much* too high.
If it's combined with a rule to ban the transfer and/or
ownership of 'dumb' (ie, reliable) guns, then it's also
a backdoor gun confiscation policy.
I'm afraid that they may get away with it. Here in MA, the
only handguns which can legally be bought new are those on a
fairly short list compiled by the State Attorney General which
meet his arbitrary 'safety standards'. If I wanted, say, a
Pardini (a very expensive special purpose .22short target
pistol) I'm SOL. In fact, it's almost impossible for MA
residents to participate in some of the shooting sports
competitively, due to the AG's list.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-11 10:07:22
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Ready, Aim, ID Check: In Wrong Hands, Gun Won't Fire 
The 'stolen gun' problems most of the so-called 'smart gun' proposals
are trying to address are the situation when a cop's own gun is
taken from him and immediately used against him, or a kid finding
one in a drawer. A determined and resourceful person can, given
time, defeat them all. After all, a 'determined and resourceful
person can build a gun from scratch with a small machine shop,
and many do (its not automatically illegal).
I link below to an absolutely bizarre proposal - apparently real
and claimed to be existing in prototype - by an South African
inventor to make an unstealable gun. Amongst other weirdness,
it fires the specially manufactured cartridges by firing a
laser into the glass-backed primer. As a result removing
the electronics would make it unusable. You'd have to
hack it instead.
This is a typical example of what I meant when I said that
'smart gun' proposals all come from people with zero
knowledge of how guns are used.
I strongly suspect that the gun in the picture is
a non-working prop.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-11 12:05:15
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Ready, Aim, ID Check: In Wrong Hands, Gun Won't Fire 
That statement, in the OA, is not a quote - it's either
something the author dreamed up, or (in context) BS fed
her by a NJ cop
So, we've established that a NYT journalist, writing on
a subject she probably knows nothing about, will regurgitate
any naively plausible bullshit she's fed. What else is new?
My statement that there are a significant number of cops
killed by their own guns, and a small but tragic number
of people killed accidentally playing with improperly stored
guns they find, remains true. These 'smart guns' could
reduce that problem, but making them mandatory is a
threat to freedom.
I laughed when I saw this (my first thought was "How
could anyone practice enough to maintain proficiency?")
I was later appalled when I found a colleague using
it as an example in a presentation on biometrics.
I also strongly expect that Mr. van Zyl does not
have a functioning device - this is vaporware of
some kind.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-14 10:07:54
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [IP] No expectation of privacy in public? In a pig's eye!  
Attaching it to another car would seem a suitable prank -
someone who travels a lot, on an irregular path - a pizza
delivery guy, or a real estate agent. Or perhaps a long
distance truck.
It would take some chutzpa, but tacking onto a cops
car would send a message....
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-20 10:47:38
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Scientific American on Quantum Encryption 
I've actually seen these devices in operation. The thing
that impressed me most was that the path need not be a
single fiber from end to end - you can maintain quantum
state across a switchable fiber junction. This means
you are no longer limited to a single pair of boxes talking to
each other.
True, the SciAm article doesn't address a lot of issues,
but the fact remains that this technology is interesting
and important.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-20 11:35:47
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Scientific American on Quantum Encryption 
At the moment, the practical limit in fiber is around 150 km
Getting to LEO is a *lot* harder - remember, you're throwing
and catching one photon at a time - a beam that spreads wider than
your detector is usually going to miss the detector.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-01-25 13:01:26
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Gripes About Airport Security Grow Louder 
One chilling data point. Remember a few years ago the (pro death
penalty) governor of Illinois suspended all the death sentences in
has state? The reason being was that with the introduction of DNA
testing, 1/3 of the people on death row were found to be innocent.
I don't know how many other innocents the state planned to murder,
but presumably there were some cases where DNA evidence was not
If, in a capital case, where the money to pay public defenders
is usually maximally available, and the appeals process, checks,
and cross-checks are the more thorough than in any non-capital
prosecution, you STILL get at least a 33% error rate, then what
is the wrongfull conviction rate in non-capital cases, where there
are far fewer appeals, and public defenders are paid a pittance?
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-07-05 15:46:05
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Posion Pill for ED? 
1. Make your property a habitat for endangered species; there are
plenty of plants, bugs, and small animals that qualify.
Getting them there in the first place is probably illegal, but
once they're established, no development which destroys their
habitat is legal, generally speaking.
2. Similarly, and even simpler, turn strategic portions of
your property into wetlands or vernal pools. Similar protections
vs development apply.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-03-04 16:09:02
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: Jeff Jacoby: An inglorious suicide 
I absolutely agree. The value of Hettinga's posts to Cypherpunks and the Cryptography list has absolutely gone down the tubes, to the point
where I have had to write special filter rules to isolate his posts
from the actual content.
The dozen or so full-length article on HST have simply no relevance
to either list.
If he had any respect for others at all, he'd give the URL and
a couple lines of summary. Or even better is your suggestion that
he use his own blog, or set up his own mailing list instead of
spamming the lists with off-topic crap.
His behaviour has sunk his reputation well into the Choate/Matt Taylor range.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-03-21 09:49:12
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: FW: on FPGAs vs ASICs 
Indeed, during the initial DESCrack effort, I spent some time
investigating FPGAs. I came to the conclusion that it was
definitely possible to build a Weiner-style pipeline machine
(ie, one key tested per clock cycle), but it would be more
costly than I could afford. One of the interesting twists of FPGAs is that you can
optimize the circuit to the actual data being processed. For example, in DES keysearch you could hardwire into
the circuit some of the subkey bits (which were determined
by, say, high order key bits you rarely changed), thus
simplifying the circuit. When those bits changed, you
re-wrote the circuilt.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-03-23 09:35:56
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: What Will We Do With Innocent People's DNA? 
Go watch GATTACA (excellent movie) for this scenario.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-03-28 10:23:02
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: AP For Starvation Judge 
Major Variola (ret)
This is  a nightmare scenario for
the Vatican. There is no legal route to remove a
living Pope, and there are certain documents required
for the running of the Church which can be
signed *only* by the pontiff.
A vegetable Pope would basicly lock up the
mechanisms of the Church.
I have no doubt that a lot of Canon Law lawyers
are trying to find a loophole at the moment. JP2
is clearly circling the drain.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-09-14 10:06:21
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: /. [Keyboard Sound Aids Password Cracking] 
Eugen Leitl wrote
This technique is decades old. I read an account of the British
Secret Service (MI5? 6?) installing a bugged phone next to a cable machine in the London Soviet Embassy in the late 70's, but
the events described took place earlier - perhaps in the 60s.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2005-09-29 11:06:11
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] Request: Check your cell phone to  
a wasn't fucker There is a damn good reason. PDAs, pagers, and cellphones often hold a
great deal of info the owner regards as valuable, and which they don't
want to lose - phone lists, email, addresses, etc. Battery changes are a
potential source of loss, since (until recently) all these devices used
volatile memory. Adding a capacitor to give the user a few minutes grace
to fumble with his AAs is an essential feature.
Most users, for better or worse, aren't cypherpunks or terribly
conscious about personal privacy, and regard preserving their data as a
very high priority.
All the PDAs I've dealt with (and I've written SW for a number of them)
have a 'hard reset' protocol - usually pressing the power button while
engaging the recessed reset button - which clears out all memory. Peter Trei

@_date: 2006-01-28 12:14:11
@_author: Trei, Peter 
@_subject: thoughts on one time pads 
You missed the old standby - the microwave oven.
The disk remains physically intact (at least after the
5 seconds or so I've tried), but a great deal of pretty
arcing occurs in the conductive data layer. Where the
arcs travel, the data layer is vapourized.
The end result is an otherwise intact disk in which the
data layer is broken up into small intact islands
surrounded by clear channels. It might be interesting
to try a longer burn, in which case you might also
want to put a glass of water in with the disk(s) to
preserve the microwave's electronics.
This is probably less effective than the other methods
you've described, but its very fast and leaves no noxious
residues. It also uses a very commonly available tool.
Peter Trei
-----Original Message-----
[mailto:owner-cryptography at metzdowd.com] On Behalf Of Peter Gutmann
Sent: Saturday, January 28, 2006 2:25 AM
For no adequately explored reason I've tried various ways of physically
destroying CDs:
- Hammer on hard surface: Leaves lots of little fragments, generally
still stuck
  together by the protective coating.
- Roasting over an open fire: Produces a Salvador Dali effect until they
  fire, then huge amounts of toxic smoke ("fulfilling our carbon tax
  was one comment) and equally toxic-looking residue.
- Propane torch: Melts them without producing combustion products.
- Skilsaw: Melts them together at the cutting point, rest undamaged.
- Axe: Like skilsaw but without the melting effect.
- Using the propane torch and hammer to try and drop-forge a crude
  density CD: Messy.
