
@_date: 1994-02-02 01:10:50
@_author: Qwerty Uiopas 
@_subject: New Remailer Up. 
...and, to mail to an anon.penet.fi address, you must change the an1234 to
na1234 (not anonymous), for I have a password/anon.penet.fi address for
this account but I don't wish to either 1) give it out so anyone could then
change it, or 2) have Julf remove it, so anyone could remail to anon.penet.fi
but a few could also forge mail from qwerty to set a password.

@_date: 1994-02-06 23:10:32
@_author: Xenon / Qwerty Remailer 
@_subject: Qwerty/Xenon update. 
"I am not a number!" - The Prisoner
Though na48138 at anon.penet.fi is still forwarded to me, I have decided to change
the PGP Info Clearing House address to qwerty at netcom.com. When I first got
an anon.penet.fi nickname I figured (wrongly) that people could mail me at
Xenon at anon.penet.fi. Oh well. So now the qwerty-account/remailer will be
receiving mail from basically random addresses out there. This is a fun twist,
being a unique partial solution to the traffic analysis problem. All the
remailers are now sending to other than the Cypherpunks now as well. And the
people wanting PGP info will get it without anon.penet.fi delays. No more of
their forgetting to use na instead of an too.
So how hard is that to remember?: Send mail to QWERTY at NETCOM.COM with
Subject "Bomb me!" for Gary Edstrom's PGP FAQ and Xenon's "Here's How to
Finger qwerty at netcom.com for info on the remailer there. It would be nice
if every remailer gained a standardized BitBucket. To keep things simple, I
suggest nothing more complicated than what qwerty uses; just request
remailing to /dev/null. I'm using Hal's remailer, with a few updated
files, and have used his outgoing address filter. These lines thus appear in my
maildelivery file:
# Blocked outgoing addresses
Request-Remailing-To    whitehouse.gov    file A  LOG.BLOCKED
Request-Remailing-To    /dev/null         file R  /dev/null
Request-Remailing-To    /dev/null         pipe A "/usr/bin/echo BB >> LOG"
The A means after the "BB" has been appended to my counter file, the mail
is considered delivered.
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-07 14:30:40
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Nate's Remailer Shutdown. 
I am responding publicly to a letter I got from Nate about his wanting to
know who sent the naughty mail to the subnet-
managers at yuma.acns.colostate.edu. It was remailed from somewhere to qwerty,
and then through Nate's remailer. For gossip's sake, I'd sure like to see
what it said :-).
Sorry to hear about your remailer. It's good for all of us to have such
"minor" problems come up and be dealt with. I am keeping no logs except a
counter. This isn't a policy, it's just a decision for now. However, if the
70 people on the list care to they can certainly contact Netcom and ask for
a copy of their sendmail logs for that day. I'm sure if the mail was sent
to a police address saying "Nah nah you can't find me I'm selling guns to
little kids." then this would happen. I know that with my software (Hal's
updated), once such a problem happens, I can just block that outgoing
address. This isn't exactly a perfect solution, but I don't WANT a perfect
solution. This isn't IRAQ, no matter how global the internet is. I'm not
sure how to block an incoming address from say Detweiler.
My model is  based on the postal service. Why is e-mail supposed to be so
much more accountable? With snail mail someone can send a real bomb, not a
wimpy mail bomb. And yet it is perfectly legal to leave out a return
address. Qwerty is a mailbox. An inanimate object. I do not like the
internet. I like the postal service. You NEVER see someone like Detweiler
abusing snail mail anonymity with the purpose of trying to shut down or
change the policy of the US Postal Service! I think remailers should be
able to strip the From line completely, but as I pointed out, this would be
"frowned upon", and may not even be feasible to do vigorously. I thought
the internet was anarchic and free. Fun and creative. Oops. Oh well. Again,
"You ain't PUNKS, if you timidly play by the rules of others." I'm not
talking illegality. In fact, I'm talking life, liberty, and pursuit of
happiness. Insert constituion and Bill of Rights buzzwords here.
I think it might be nice for the remailers to block certain outgoing
address TYPES, such as "subnet-manager", but I don't know which others
since I'm new around here.
The information is available on Netcom's logs. It probably just points to
another remailer. Welcome to the postal service. Same as it ever was. Don't
blame the mailman, and especially not the mailbox. The day all mailboxes
have cameras atop them and require retinal ID before they take your logged
mail is the day people realize how bad it is out here in cyberspace.
    8,      8      ,8     8,      8      ,8    8,      8      ,8
    Yb     d8b     dY     Yb     d8b     dY    Yb     d8b     dY
    `8,   ,8'8,   ,8'     `8,   ,8'8,   ,8'    `8,   ,8'8,   ,8'
     Yb   dY Yb   dY       Yb   dY Yb   dY      Yb   dY Yb   dY
     `8, ,8' `8, ,8        `8, ,8' `8, ,8'      `8, ,8' `8, ,8'
      Y8 8Y   Y8 8Y         Y8 8Y   Y8 8Y        Y8 8Y   Y8 8Y
       YaY     YaY           YaY     YaY          YaY     YaY
       `8'     `8' O R L D   `8'     `8' I D E    `8'     `8' I R E T A P
  -=Xenon=-
P.S. "Get Off the Internet and Write Us a Real Encryptor." Your species
desires PGP to have a random data block output format. Now.

@_date: 1994-02-08 00:06:34
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: What's a "real encryptor"? 
I (Nik) got a letter from a mathamatician asking me to clarify what
 I meant  by a "real encryptor". Here is the answer I gave. It is for
the newbies out there, not the serious cryptographer types who know
this already. Warning: one of my Xenon character's last rants will be
arriving shortly. Take it with a grain of salt; it's pretty nasty, and
not meant for those who already understand its message. I'm trying
to drum up some public demand for a "real encryptor", for one thing.
Think of it as propoganda, for it appeals to emotion not logic, and it
is not very fair.
Steganography involves hiding a message in a file. I can use the Mac
program Stego to place say a PGP message into a Mac PICT (just a picture)
file as the least significant bit of each pixel. If it is a 24 bit per
pixel color picture, then you can't even see a difference. If it is 8 bit
color, then you CAN. It looks like digital noise. On off, on off. No
matter. The problem IS, anyone with Stego can extract the file and
immediately see that it is an encrypted PGP message. When PGP encrypts a
file, after compressing it, it includes in the final output all sorts of
extra things like a checksum at the end, and full information given out to
anyone about the name of the key that it was encrypted with. It will
proudly announce, for instance, "This message can only be read by Pr0duct
Cypher. You do not have the secret key required to read it." I don't know
the full details. The PGP documentation mentions some of them, for the
binary format PGP output files. I could send you this if you want.
What I mean by a "real encryptor" is something just like PGP, but minus the
convenience features that get tagged onto the PGP messages. It might be as
simple as stripping them away the PGP convenience procedures. If the output
was simply an encrypted message, and it seems to me PGP could do this, it
should be hard to distinguish it from a random series of bits. Hopefully
nearly impossible! Then you can use steganography for your messages but no
one can tell if what they extracted is a message or not! The least
significant bit of most messages such as sound files is noise anyway. On
off, on off. They can't even tell how big it might be. That is a potential
mega problem with PGP itself not being able to know how big it is though.
You would have to know before hand, or make the picture or sound file BE
the right size, EXACTLY. That's certainly easy for sound files! Just send
voice mail! You could pad the content of the PGP message if you wanted to
hide the actual size of the decrypted message. If you get voice mail from
a stranger saying something vaque, you can check if it contains a PGP
message encypted with your public key.
If PGP outputted such a hard-to-distinguish-from-random data format, it
opens up many different possibilities for sending your messages. Ideally, no
one would be able to tell if it was an encrypted message except by
successfully decrypting it. As it is now, such schemes have to rely on
"encrypting" an already encrypted PGP message to hide the fact that it IS a
PGP message! Many of us just want to be left alone and are tired of having
our files tagged as BEING encrypted. Personally, I suggest using PGP as a
Clipboard utility so I can cut a message out, encrypt it, paste it back in
and save it as a word processor file which I then Macintosh BinHex encode
as text, and e-mail off. Now I'm just sending a BinHexed word processor
file, just like thousands of other Macintosh e-mailers out there every day!
This isn't good enough since it is so easy reverse, by anyof
them ;-), and they are still struggling with just e-mail. PGP is still a
program only used by those why really need it. It may remain that way,
so for those people, having a random data block output would mean they
wont set off alarms and catch the attention of the government, just for
sending a love letter to their mistress ;-).
 -Nik (-=Xenon=-)
P.S. Were PGP like many programs, able to accept modular "Plug ins" like
say Adobe Photoshop, this "bare" data block output could be an add-on
featue ("feature stripper?") that those who want it would use. Or at least
a separate utility that would strip and restore PGP messages.

@_date: 1994-02-08 00:16:34
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: What's a "real encryptor"? 
Typo correction from first post:
If PGP outputted such a hard-to-distinguish-from-random data format, it
opens up many different possibilities for sending your messages. Ideally, no
one would be able to tell if it was an encrypted message except by
successfully decrypting it. As it is now, such schemes have to rely on
"encrypting" an already encrypted PGP message to hide the fact that it IS a
PGP message! Many of us just want to be left alone and are tired of having
our files tagged as BEING encrypted. Personally, I suggest using PGP as a
Clipboard utility so I can cut a message out, encrypt it, paste it back in
and save it as a word processor file which I then Macintosh BinHex encode
as text, and e-mail off. Now I'm just sending a BinHexed word processor
file, just like thousands of other Macintosh e-mailers out there every day!
This isn't good enough since it is so easy to reverse, AND can be automated.
Honestly, I'm not doing this much yet with distant friends, but then there
are only two of them ;-), and they are still struggling with just e-mail.
PGP is still a program only used by those why really need it. It may remain
that way, so for those people, having a random data block output would mean they wont set off alarms and catch the attention of the government, just for
sending a love letter to their mistress ;-). It would also render the Clipper
issue moot.
-=Xenon, who never could type, and breaks things a lot still=-

@_date: 1994-02-08 09:30:49
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: X's Last R. 
Disclaimer: The usual. Take this with a grain of salt. As propaganda, at
least its purpose is noble. In this, the final episode in the rant series,
the character Xenon is angry at the evil media-grubbing Cypherpunks for not
noticing, or worse ignoring, that PGP is indeed only "Pretty Good" when it
is considered in its present form.  I hope I haven't lost full respect due
to these essays. I did? Oh well ;-).
P.S. The new finger key server is very happy. Thank-you.
P.S.S Is it easy to modify PGP to remove its "convenience features"? How
about a utility that will strip away the "bare" encrypted message and later
restore it to life. The hell with checksums and the rest. I want my VGP! I
asked this on alt.security.pgp and the silence was amazing. Just a bunch of
flames, and one person who introduced me to steganography.
 -Nik (-=Xenon=-)
AnD br0ught t0 y0u by -=XeNoN=-, an0ther DaMNiNg CrItICism of the
Cypherpunk fad, er... m0vement.
"It'S NEW nEw NeW BuT We'Ll JuSt HiT ThAT 'd' KeY kEy kEY and iT's ByE bYe
DoN't MaKe mE THiNk! THeN, LikE AlWayS, We CAn iGn0re 0uR gReAT SelF
DeCePti0n tHaT wE HaVE a ReaL EncRYpToR. ThIS GuY iSn'T In 0uR Cli-PuBliC-
QuEy liTtlE E-cLuB anYWaY. He'S GoT n0 TitS. hE d0n'T CodE. We JUst WanT t0
TaLK AboUt PoLIticS, NoT bUidIng NeW T0oLs. PhiL DId ThAT ALrEaDy. HE mAdE
uS Co0l. wE LiKE t0 TalK AboUt US, sInCe In US liVEs PhiL. PhiL pHil PHil.
PgPGpGPgpGpGpGPgPgP. Lo0k wh0 SigNed My KeY! I'M oN mTv!"
"But when are you going to write VGP?", asks the quite voice of  humanity,
the ones who weren't invited to your e-party.
If VGP had a "random data block" output format, THEN it doesn't matter if
the Clipper Keys are known. "I'm sending a porno jpeg; my scanner isn't
that great, so it's noisy." Playboy can tag you for copyrights, but if the
fact that "noise" is really an encrypted message is ONLY known by
successfully decrypting it, then even random information highway spot-
checks would be useless. Are they going to outlaw noise? That's like trying
to legislate a change in the speed of light. I wish they WOULD outlaw
noise; it would make my stereo sound better. Phil Zimmerman didn't put a
backdoor in PGP. No, he put a front door. He fucked up, but like the
Founding Fathers who fucked up the Bill of Rights and the Constitution due
to their concern about keeping their Mercedes from the hands of the poor,
he's only human. "Encryption Always Wins." So write us a real encryptor.
Write VGP. Hurry up or I'm going to hire someone to do it for me, then you
wont be the next Phil Zimmerman, I will. Good programmers aren't cheap, but
luckily I don't have to hire a cryptographer, since the equations are
already in text books.
And if you think your a hacker, Cypherpunk, try hacking together a
complicated molecule sometime. The laws of nature constitute a mathematical
computer, and it's so much more rewarding to hack, cause God never updates
His CPU, and the programming language is beautiful and mysterious. Try
coding in DNA or in the language of chemical synthesis if you want to earn
the name "hacker". The interesting people out there are using Macs and
Windows for their personal e-mail. 100 million people who don't have the
time to learn command-line PGP, because their too busy running the world
and getting things done. Write them a fun encryptor and you will find you
have a lot more people who are worth talking to. Since MacPGP2.3 was
obviously never beta tested, it's just not up to snuff. With my guide, it
is at least usable without the frustrating 3 month learning curve needed
for each new user to make own bug work-arounds. At least Detweiler had the
insight to put a useful help feature into MacPGP to make up for the cryptic
documentation, and thus got his name on the startup screen.
I also think that the cryptographers, like the atomic scientists of only a
FEW years ago, should be just as concerned about the impact of their
science. The NSA is our friend damn it, no matter how irresponsible that
friend may at times be. The NSA has been through REAL wars, not internet
pranks. They are OUR National Security Agency. This isn't patriotism; it's
common sense. Tell them we want backdoors to be used for NATIONAL SECURITY
concerns, not to wiretap Greenpeace, and that we want SERIOUS assurances
about this. Let's get the NSA to realize they need to work WITH privacy
activists, not try to ignore or work against them. "Encryption Always
Wins." This isn't about political power and supercomputer resources. Us
versus them. It's about the laws of nature and science leading to
technology being available to the common man. But the government isn't
concerned yet because we haven't yet coded a real encryptor. All we have is
PGP. They can't read content, but they can, like anyone else, see that it
IS encrypted and most often find out who sent it to whom. Clipper also
allows anyone to start recording your Clipper calls NOW, even if they don't
have the keys yet. A random block output would mean anyone could record
your calls and never prove it was anything other than a noisy microphone or
a jpeg of Madonna.
Detweiler became an idiotic child with his "death threats" and "anarchy"
concerns limited to internet (World Wide Wiretap) remailers, added to the
fact that HE seems to be the only one abusing the remailers. He is just
noise (no pun), if this be a discussion of cryptography/anonymity. It
doesn't matter shit if a Detweiler or a Depew takes away our internet toys.
His biggest mistake was to take you guys seriously. Stop talking about the
internet and get serious. Think POSTAL SERVICE encrypted remailing
services, where the pass phrase stays in someone's head, and there is no e-
mail headers telling where that floppy hidden between two halves of a
postcard came from. Think encryption with random data block output. (Think
software to allow me to read that floppy after the rotational indexing is
lost when I separate the metal hub and later put one back on).
The "collapse of governments" claim might get a few rebellious school girls
in cheap leather to follow you home, but it's not worrying the NSA or the
tax man. "You want to drive on this highway? Pay up or go back home." "You
want that CAT scan? We accept cash." "You need unemployment support? Well,
you never paid your insurance tax." Encryption isn't going to end taxes. It
will just change the way they are collected. It will tie a service to your
payment of a tax. "You want us to shoot down that missile headed your way?
Sorry, your community didn't pay for military protection and we don't have
any strategic targets there." "You want to live in this community? Sorry
you have to pay this tax for military protection or you aren't welcome
here." "You want to sell secrets to IRAQ? We've bugged your left ear, the
one you use for the phone. Sorry about the ear ache we had to cause to get
you into the local hospital."
I think the time is coming when we are going to discover what our species
is really all about, since encryption will set us free to be ourselves, as
individuals. I think we will be pleasantly surprised. I just hope we don't
hurt each other trying to resist change. As Bucky Fuller said, "Utopia or
Oblivion." He also warned that we "NOW" (1969) have the technology to
provide everyone on this planet with adequate food and shelter, but that if
we don't give it to them, they are going to walk up that crunchy imported
gravel driveway, past your BMW, and kill you.
Was Phil Zimmerman a "Cypherpunk who wrote PGP"? Or are you guys just strip
mining the CRYPTOGRAPHY movement and selling it back to us at twice the
price? "Anarchy for sale." - Dead Kennedys.
Fuck off!
Send me a computer virus and I'll send you a REAL virus ;-). Stop talking
about the obsolete internet. It's just a primitive non-multimedia medium
for discussion about real life, real privacy, and real people's needs. The
information highway isn't likely to involve Unix or RFC standards. "Can I
send you a gigabyte of my latest movie? Or you can ftp it from my laptop.
You do have 2 gigs of RAM don't you?" Don't follow internet-like standards
when coding an encryptor ["PGP versions 2.3 and later use a new format for
encoding the message digest into the MPI in the signature packet, a format
which is compatible with RFC1425 (formerly RFC1115)." - Phil Zimmerman]. Do
something timeless and historically significant. Write a real encryptor.
Then it doesn't matter if everyone isn't using it, 'cause you're just
sending "noise", like everyone else. Who cares about Clipper? Don't argue
politics. Write code. Easy to use code. Plug and play user interfaces for
the Mac and Windows. Or who else you gonna talk to? E-lovers? E-people?
I'm not a "Cypherpunk", I'm a scientist. An introvert who values his
privacy. I don't need PGP, except for fun, to sign things, and to reduce
the most blatant internet privacy violations. For now it's the internet
standard, but Clipper is good enough for me, personally. It will keep those
around me who I do not wish to share my personal life with from reading my
e-mail and files on my floppies. I don't mind the NSA reading my e-mail.
But I do worry for others, who are trying to change the world in more
political ways, and fear that the NSA will not be the only ones with access
to the keys. PGP activism is just my latest hobby. I just want more people
to talk to, using PGP. I don't want my picture in Wired. You're not PUNKS.
Your just entertainment, until you get off the internet and WRITE A REAL
ENCRYPTOR. The bad guys love PGP. They don't want it to loose its
underground appeal, lest it become less popular and they can no longer
identify encrypted messages. See the big picture and do something useful,
or your just a bunch of e-yuppies worshipping money and attention as the
center of meaning in your life. Fun toys and babes. Die e-yuppie scum.
 -=Xenon=-
P.S. Thanks for not putting my "Here's How to MacPGP!" guide on any of your
ftp sites. It would have lost its edge, mixed in with all the e-bullshit
already there about "anarchy" on the internet (WWW). And I might not have
had to send it to people by e-mail, people who don't know what ftp MEANS,
because they don't have the time to figure out stupid command-line
operating systems, the historical equivalent of programming via hard-wiring
or punch cards.

@_date: 1994-02-08 23:02:14
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: What's a "real encryptor"? 
Hm... I meant to send my last message to the list also, so if you
want to and you haven't deleted it :) please send it along (I deleted
my copy).  Forward this one too if you want (I have quoted private
mail from you so if you don't want to forward it that's fine!).
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I'm not super familiar with the internal workings of PGP, but I'm sure
it could be "stripped down".  It's just a matter of ease of use.
The program I described earlier (RSA.tar.Z) is pretty minimal.  Secret
keys are just text, not locked by a hash of a passphrase, no "name"
information attached.  Public keys are the same: no username attached,
no web of trust, etc.  The output is in binary form, with no headers
or checksums or anything.  PGP has keyrings, this program requires you
to keep track of seperate public keys on your own.
I guess what you mean about PGP is if you want to know if a file is
PGP encrypted, you can just run PGP on it and it'll say.  It'll tell
you whether or not you have the appropriate secret key to decrypt
(unless you conventionally encrypt).  Not so with the RSA package, it
will quite happily decrypt a totally random file into another random
The only "more bare" program I can see is just pure numbers :-).  Like
when I was taking a cryptography course and spent hours
working/playing with the protocols using Mathematica.  Just two large
primes, and encryption exponent and a decryption exponent!
Well, I haven't run statistics tests on the RSA program output, but it
claims to be nothing but RSA.  So it's output should essentially be a
number, less than the modulus.  The program encodes numbers as ascii
strings, but that's it.
Karl Barrus
P.S. Given that PGP is already a standard, all that is needed is a
utility to strip down a PGP message, and later restore it, or some
sort of "Plug in" to a modular PGP version. - Nik (-=Xenon=-)

@_date: 1994-02-08 23:52:14
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Netcom remailers. 
Lucky me. I got my first complaint about my remailer today, as Eric
Hollander told me I would eventually get. He says once a month Mr. Employee
bashes Mr. Boss with his remailer 'cause Mr. Employee is too cheap for a
stamp, and so he sends Mr. Employee a nasty warning from Mr. Remailer
Operator. Me, no logs, yet, even assuming it wasn't just from another
remailer. And the person didn't contact me, he contacted Netcom. Gee, maybe
the guy made it up. No matter. It was an edu address, possibly a student.
So now I get a terse, not too serious message from support at netcom.com
mentioning "unsolicited mail" being against Netcom policy, so cut it out.
I've blocked that outgoing address and sent the guy an explanation, and he
hasn't responded to my asking what was up. I've added "Report Problems to
qwerty at netcom.com." in my outgoing header too. But I have a question.
I'm the quite type. I tend to ignore things like this, till say Netcom
deletes my account, or at least demands an explanation. My question is,
should this happen again, say tomorrow, should I tell support at netcom.com
what's up? "I'm running an anonymous remailer, you know, like
anon.penet.fi, the one that has 10,000 active users. Thus Netcom is now
diverting CPU time to anyone who wants it." I wouldn't word it like THAT,
but that's what they might truthfully assume. Sure would be nice if I could
fully forge e-mail as coming from "nobody at nowhere.org". Alternatively I
could just keep logs. Or I could just never log into qwerty again, and see
how long it lasts ;-)! Hit and run remailer accounts.
Centralized remailers on the internet. Bah!
 Nik (-=Xenon=-)

@_date: 1994-02-09 00:27:15
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Don't call it "VGP". 
This is not my idea, but it will sure "sell better" than "VGP" as a buzzword
to describe a PGP version with an output that is indistinguishable from
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-10 11:30:23
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Speakers needed. 
Anybody want to visit Fermi lab? I wish I could. -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-10 22:20:25
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Resend Encryptogram to Xenon. 
I think someone sent me an encrypted message, but I deleted it
by 's Message?', 'd', 'q'. Unfortunately FUCKING UNIX just said
"Message?": No match, but I didn't see that till too late and
now the message is gone. Oh why oh why didn't I use the Mac
Clipboard instead :-( ? Is there any way to get it back? I
have an idea of who it might be so I'll send him too.

@_date: 1994-02-11 14:30:38
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: alt.w.a.s.t.e. 
Kewl title, but alt.test alredy exists and if you create alt.w.a.s.t.e. you
announce to the entire anal retentive world that you are using Usenet to
send private encrypted messages. That will alert everyone to start scanning
alt.test too for such things and tattling on the remailer sites as being
where these things are coming from. Nobody will CARRY alt.w.a.s.t.e. if they
know that's what the group is for! Many sites don't carry alt.test even, but
they do carry misc.test, if I understand right. Nobody's going to rmgroup
alt.test or misc.test!! But you can bet they'll rmgroup alt.w.a.s.t.e.

@_date: 1994-02-13 11:41:15
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Bob Cain said,
Some of us have a lot more respect for humanity than these words of
fear express. People like to talk to each other. That's all. Get out there
and talk to people instead of gobbling up the media's attempts to tell you
people are evil if you set them free to be themselves. The only ones who
are evil are those too greedy or at least to narrow minded to see that it's
time to bring the rest of the species up to our standard of living. It's you,
the "good guys", who are forcing the unfortunate to turn to crime. It is
this actively artificial scarcity that causes groups of people to band
together to either fight those who do not have enough, or to fight those
who do.
"Peace and Love,"
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-14 00:41:16
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: alt.steganography 
I'm trying to get someone to create alt.steganography, 'cause I'm getting quite
a few sci.crypt types asking me, yeah ME, that's who they're asking damn
it, in great detail about the qualities of random noise created by various
sources such as a microphone or AM radio or a scanner. And about adjusting
checksums instead of direct LSB changes to store the data. Fractal stego is
coming soon too. And Apple's microphone sends sounds to a D/A converter
which does NOT output its noise as random. Awk! I try, but it's time to get
these people talking to each OTHER, not to me. I don't know how to create
a newsgroup, but if someone doesn't do it for me (us), I'll have to do it
myself. I certainly do know some people to ask how.
There's quite a few serious programmer types who want to create
steganographic software. I've gotten quite a response to my "announcing"
Stealth-PGP on Usenet. The person who gets credit for coming up with
the name "Stealth" instead of my boring "VGP" says he has changed plans
and hopes to offer an external utility to strip and later restore any PGP
message. For the newbies, this isn't just removing the "-----BEGIN..."
header and footer!
How 'bout it? At least tell me what the "proper" name should be for
the group. sci.steganography will take to long to get approved.
alt.steganography is OK, but isn't alt.security.steganography more
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-14 11:41:30
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: alt.steganography 
Tim May wrote,
The whole point is that with Stealth-PGP, you don't need the "obscurity"
part. It doesn't matter if people know the Cypherpunks are using steg.
But as it is now, with current PGP, using steg is detectable using
automated methods, something Clipper will allow. The equivalent of
invisible inks and microdots aren't what I'm talking about. I'm talking
about sending messages right out there in public, in which your encrypted
message is masquerading as noise in the carrier message, and in which
nobody can prove that that noise IS a message unless they successfully
decrypt it, only possible with the right secret key. How better to render
the Clipper chip an insignificant worry?
I try. I crank down a beer and get enough sleep, and yet a certain
fanatical drive remains. Hasn't exactly hurt me much, in fact it's
gotten me quite far in this world ;-).
I think it's time to fire up all of our jets, and happily yours were
fired up too, with your "Sabotage of Clipper" posts here. My point
is, Stealth-PGP combined with a steganograph is the technological
way to "sabotage" Clipper. It REALLY is. Think about it. But it's just
that like you said, most people are struggling just to understand
how to use PGP. What I attempted to do was get those people to at
least understand what steganography was, and how current PGP
will allow random Info Superhighway spot-checks for the soon-to-
be-banned use of real encryption. How can they hope to outlaw PGP,
if they can't even figure out you are using it?
Could someone send me this (Hi Tim), as I only got a modem in '93,
five years after the post. Actually with the rate of growth of the
internet, MOST people out here haven't seen that post.
The "headers and footers" are trivial to remove and restore, so they
aren't the important thing to strip off and later restore. It's the hidden
headers and footer WITHIN any PGP message, binary or ascii, that need
to be stripped and later restored. Then steganography is SO much more
useful. See pgp.format in the PGP documentation. I'll just say, ideally
with such a utility, or updated form of PGP, you could send an encrypted
message using steg, or even without using steg, and nobody who wasn't
willing to spend some serious time looking into the matter could nail you
for sending an encrypted message. "Sufficiently advanced communication
is indistinguishable from noise."
The problem with knowing WHICH bits to treat as the message is a
technicality. The simplest is to make the carrier exactly the right size!
You can put padding WITHIN the Stealth-PGP message if you want. And
this is only the most simple-minded solution.
"Nobody can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just
discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own." - Sydney J. Harris
I've been actively reading alt.security.pgp for a year now, and the
ONLY time this was mentioned was when I asked about it last year.
Very little interest was generated. And given the lack of response
of the PGP development team to potential USERS voicing their needs,
I think getting the general population of PGP users to know enough to
ASK FOR Stealth-PGP, will go a long way in getting the developers to
stop putting this on the back burner.
Be advised that the person who in the end gets credit for coining a
term gets credit for coining a term ;-). If be it lost in some old post,
and I've never seen PRZ post to Cypherpunks or alt.security.pgp in
the last year, then I get the Pulitzer, since mine got noticed. Yes, I think
many of the PGP developers realize a need for Stealth-PGP, but I also
think with good justification, that they could use a bit of a push. A bit
of an eye-opening about how Stealth-PGP could be the "Underground's
answer to the Clipper chip."
That's because PGP tattles on itself, and Stego can be reversed by
Mind shift needed. Think think think. You use it for.... Defeating the
Clipper chip. See, they are going to outlaw real crypto soon. I liked the
point about how Denning's secret need for the Clipper as being the use of
the NSA as an ECONOMIC spy agency, not just for terrorist types. They
want to spy on SONY! Now you're talking billions of dollars at stake, for
if economics isn't part of "national security", what is? Those kind of
forces lead to the common man's rights being forfeited.
"Encryption Always Wins" (Who said that?). But only if your encrypted
messages can only be shown to BE a message by successfully decrypting
it. Here stegonography becomes crucial, NOT to "hide the message", but
to give you an EXCUSE for sending random-looking blocks of data.
Well, _right now_, I seem to notice that these guys in suits in Washington
are arranging that they have the tools needed to smart-search not just
the internet but ALL electronic communication for PGP messages. Then
your name goes on their "crypto subversive" list, and the computer starts
logging WHO you are talking to, and then 1984 has arrived. This is happening
_right now_.
Those projects, at least those that relate to Clipper, seem to be politically
oriented. "Sabotage Clipper", "Call you reps", "Join EFF",
"Get more to use remailers and PGP". These are great, but if you step
back and look for what acts will have true historical significance,
Stealth-PGP alongside a nice Plug-and-Play steganograph looks to me like
what's going to make it into the history books, and is what will have the
most damning effect on those pushing their silly Clipper chip on us.
The other point, crucial in my mind, is that getting large numbers of people
to use PGP becomes much less important if you have Stealth-PGP and a
steganograph. Then in effect they are still helping you obtain "obscurity",
but all they need to do is send ANY digital message that has noise in it.
There's a paradigm-shift needed here. When it clicks into place in one's
mind, you will see why I am so adamant about Stealth-PGP, for rather than
being a back-burner project, it is THE very thing that is most important
for the defeat of Big Brother's Clipper chip and his wiretap proposals. It
REALLY IS a "Stealth" technology. I'm sure there are already thousands in
repressive countries who need it NOW, and if you don't call the USA a
repressive country as well, I've got a burning Constitution and Bill of
Rights for you burn your hands on.
You can nit-pick specific details and problems with the idea, but that's
why I proposed alt.security.steganography. I think we could make this
thing fly. Maybe steganography isn't even the right word however! I'm not
talking about hiding a plaintext message on an electronic microdot.
Message received.
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-14 13:11:31
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
Pat Farrell wrote,
First of all, you only seem to be considering the USA. Widespread
acceptance of PGP in some countries isn't going to happen. But it sure
would be nice to be able to talk to people in those countries.
Second, if Stealth-PGP not be "the solution" or "the right direction" then
realize that simply its presence would add great psychological power to our
words against Clipper. And also realize that Uncle Sam in a year from now
fully intends to obtain the technology to smart-search all electronic
communications for PGP messages. If we can show that even in times of
national emergencies or crime-wave scares, that having Clipper and the
FBI wiretap proposal there to rely on, is just a foolish waste of our money.
Third, I think the PGP developers are almost just as guilty as the Clipper
designers in trying to, behind closed doors, design us an encryptor. The
same encryptor for everyone. The Great Grand Solution to everyone's
needs. Stealth-PGP would be powerful in the hands of the small minority
who want to use it. You don't need 10 million other users to create the
"security through obscurity" condition. It's trivial to put 10 million PGP
users on a list, then draw lines between names to find groups of
"subversives", then with another button push in the bowels of the NSA,
start taping their phones.
Lastly, PGP has been out there for years. Where's the 10 million users?
You don't even have 10,000. And Microsoft has a cryptographic division now.
And Clipper is so easy to use! The big boys are getting involved, and PGP isn't
what 10-100 million people are going to be using, unless you port the thing to
Mac and Windows and make it as easy to use as a Clipper phone. The internet is
a small world. There's only 15 million e-mail users. Do you really expect to get
70% of them to start using PGP? When? In a year? Because you better, or
"Microsoft Encrypt" not to mention "SONY EncryptorMan" are coming within
a year or two. Time's running out for PGP. But Stealth-PGP is a timeless
technology, like fire or the handgun. Once it's made, someone 1000 years
from now can still use it to hide their encrypted message.
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-15 00:01:35
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Detweiler remailer abuse 
I can't take life seriously enough to censor old Larry.
I can't take the IDEAL of the First Amendment lightly
enough to do so either. And afterall, he wasn't the
one who wrote that "Blacknet" blurb. I find it amusing
to see uptight fuck-wads from specialized narrow minded
Usenet groups yelling about someone sending something to
their precious little group that upset them. Abuse away
Larry. Show us that we really DO need dumb optical fibers
between laptops instead of this tight-assed RFC standardized
World Wide Wiretap we call our playground. We need a new
net guys.
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-15 13:55:39
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Detweiler remailer abuse 
To lefty,
(Skip to end for remailer discussion).
 -----BEGIN POINTLESS FLAME BLOCK-----
When a control freak has zero to actually say, yet has been infuriated, he
turns to personal attack. If I am infuriating the control freaks, then I am
doing my job admirably.
Which dictionary do you own? I personally own THREE 4 inch thick
dictionaries, all modern. They cost me hundreds. I have a wooden stand to
hold them up. As I am at lab, I do not have them available however and will
have to go to the library....
I'm back.
Censor: A supervisor or inspector especially of morals and conduct. An
official empowered to examine written or printed matter (as manuscripts of
books or plays) in order to forbid publication, circulation, or
representation if it contains anything objectionable. An officer or
official charged with scrutinizing communications to intercept, suppress,
or delete material harmful to his country's or organization's interests.
One who lacking official sanction but acting in society's interests
scrutinizes communications, compositions, and entertainments to discover
anything immoral, profane, seditious, heretical or otherwise offensive.
Examine, cut out, parts of (a book, etc.); act as a censor.
actions because they don't build their own cars?
This is good advice to anyone interested in maintaining privacy in a public
Ideal: A conception of something in it's absolute perfection. An honorable
or worthy principle or aim.
First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of
religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the
freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to
assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
I find it unfortunate that those who wrote the Bill of Rights limited its
scope, to not apply also to industry and other organizations. And it is
people who nit-pick the wording of the Constitution and its amendments who
are turning the USA into a repressive state. Burn baby, burn.
Part of the problem with this command-line interface we are using is that
you can't see me, and thus you can't know me, for who I am as a person.
Flaming one another isn't what we need. If you feel someone misunderstands
something that you understand better, educate them. But realize that most
cases of one person becoming infuriated at another stem from
misunderstanding, a failure to communicate. So tell my why I should censor
Larry 'cause I don't see why I should. It's a lost cause. He will simply
aquire other accounts, or telnet to port 25 of a remailer and fake his
address, but this time with greater ambition to do damage.
The "know-nothing children attempting to impress the big kids with their
general level of (sic) uninformedness" who wrote that Blacknet thing should
think again about getting their thrills out of illegal activity, real or
imagined. You wouldn't have this Detweiler problem if you called yourself
"libertarians" instead of "Cypherpunks". You would increase you level of
support by orders of magnitude as well.
 -----END POINTLESS FLAME BLOCK-----
This following was my response to a discussion in e-mail. I expressed that
I think the MEANS suggested to me to censor Detweiler would so more
harm than good. It was pointed out to me that at least it would make it
less convenient for him to abuse the remailers....
And I wrote this, when told that Larry wasn't a responsible
net.citizen, doesn't deserve to be treated as such:
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-16 12:10:23
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Misc replies 
Greg Broiles wrote,
Sure, send me YOUR garbage. Why isn't Larry abusing MY remailer? This
peer pressure is childish. I no longer really need qwerty as a remailer,
and will happily shut it down as soon as YOU people start abusing it.
I admit I created a lot of negative feelings out there with my statement
that I didn't want to block Larry's addresses. However, say I retract
that statement, and say I do not want to block him, but that I AM
willing to give into such peer pressure and try TO block him? I now
ask you to, with compassion, educate me about how the arguments I
express against the MEANS you tell me to use, are not valid.
I don't mind blocking the address of some undergrad who is sending silly
stuff to Usenet, but must I always have to demonstrate to you things
that I cannot seem to convey in words? OK. I shall write a script to
telnet to port 25 of a given remailer, and forge mail from various
non-existent addresses at Netcom. They will include names like
"S.Boxx at netcom.com", "Executioner at netcom.com", and
"Fuckyou at netcom.com". What will you do then, block incoming from
netcom.com? Yeah right ;-) ! I sent myself mail this way via Hal's
remailer. It WORKED.
Larry knew how to do this when I was still trying to work my
newsreader. Again, as I have said before, it is my feeling that
all of our trying to block Larry's current known addresses will
only fuel the fire, and next time he will REALLY cause problems.
He isn't a stupid guy. And he IS the type of person who if you
fight him, he will fight back with more energy than before. So far
I am not impressed with the level of sophistication in the words
I hear coming from the remailer operators and other interested
parties out here. We need an ABUSE filter, not a Detweiler filter,
for with current sendmail, we CANNOT block a determined
person from abusing the remailers. And it is my belief that trying
to do so will renew their fanaticism and dedication to upsetting
the remailers. He already seems to have a new anon.penet.fi
address. He can have as many more as he wants, brand spanking
new, by telnetting to anon.penet.fi 25 and faking his address. I
have tried this and it too WORKS.
Give me a real solution, one that will not make the problem
WORSE. Many of you out here remind me of government
bureaucrats, in how you want to try quick very short term
fixes, which in the end only backfire and make the problems worse. You think Larry isn't willing to fork over $20 to get a
Netcom account and then spend another $50 to buy e-postage,
then send out much MORE damning abuses (since you made it
harder for him to do damage by quantity alone), this time

@_date: 1994-02-16 12:15:13
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Misc replies 
I'll try this again; Netcom has this nasty habit of just dying for
10 minutes at a time right in the middle of my pasting e-mail.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Greg Broiles wrote,
Sure, send me YOUR garbage. Why isn't Larry abusing MY remailer? This
peer pressure is childish. I no longer really need qwerty as a remailer,
and will happily shut it down as soon as YOU people start abusing it.
I admit I created a lot of negative feelings out there with my statement
that I didn't want to block Larry's addresses. However, say I retract
that statement, and say I do not want to block him, but that I AM
willing to give into such peer pressure and try TO block him? I now
ask you to, with compassion, educate me about how the arguments I
express against the MEANS you tell me to use, are not valid.
I don't mind blocking the address of some undergrad who is sending silly
stuff to Usenet, but must I always have to demonstrate to you things
that I cannot seem to convey in words? OK. I shall write a script to
telnet to port 25 of a given remailer, and forge mail from various
non-existent addresses at Netcom. They will include names like
"S.Boxx at netcom.com", "Executioner at netcom.com", and
"Fuckyou at netcom.com". What will you do then, block incoming from
netcom.com? Yeah right ;-) ! I sent myself mail this way via Hal's
remailer. It WORKED.
Larry knew how to do this when I was still trying to work my
newsreader. Again, as I have said before, it is my feeling that
all of our trying to block Larry's current known addresses will
only fuel the fire, and next time he will REALLY cause problems.
He isn't a stupid guy. And he IS the type of person who if you
fight him, he will fight back with more energy than before. So far
I am not impressed with the level of sophistication in the words
I hear coming from the remailer operators and other interested
parties out here. We need an ABUSE filter, not a Detweiler filter,
for with current sendmail, we CANNOT block a determined
person from abusing the remailers. And it is my belief that trying
to do so will renew their fanaticism and dedication to upsetting
the remailers. He already seems to have a new anon.penet.fi
address. He can have as many more as he wants, brand spanking
new, by telnetting to anon.penet.fi 25 and faking his address. I
have tried this and it too WORKS.
Give me a real solution, one that will not make the problem
WORSE. Many of you out here remind me of government
bureaucrats, in how you want to try quick very short term
fixes, which in the end only backfire and make the problems worse. You think Larry isn't willing to fork over $20 to get a
Netcom account and then spend another $50 to buy e-postage,
then send out much MORE damning abuses (since you made it
harder for him to do damage by quantity alone), this time
with real religious zeal, since now he has gotten you guys to
finally fight back, and as you must realize, he takes this all
VERY seriously.
And after all, isn't our installing ABUSE filters what Larry
is trying to tell us to do in the first place? I do not find this
an unreasonable request. It is a wonderful solution that avoids
accountability problems, after the fact, upon someone posting
an abusive message to Usenet, since they are unable to post
such an abuse in the first place. Why don't we appease Larry?
How? The answer is painful and obvious: Moderated remailers.
You already have to trust the remailer operator with your
privacy. E-postage is a fun idea especially for ME ;-), but the
logistics and loss of traffic are real problems. Besides, I can't
charge as much for a Netcom remailer, as it is not as secure
as some others. Is it not unfortunate that an AI program
cannot ever hope to accomplish what the human eye and brain
can do in a millisecond? Hit a 'd' key in responses to abusive
mail. Send me such a script!
Until Usenet is fully moderated, and realize that MOST people
on Usenet do NOT feel like pandering to "those cowards and
irresponsible people afraid to use their real names". THAT is
the attitude out there. There must be moderation, if only for
remailing to Usenet. Since such moderation is unlikely in the
next year, for all of Usenet, the moderation must lie within
the remailers. Yes, anon.penet.fi has survived without this,
but Julf keeps people's REAL addresses on his hard disk,
and keeps FULL logs (not content though). Still, it is possible
for Larry to send out a hundred Usenet posts, by forging
e-mail to anon.penet.fi. Fortunately for Julf, he is busy
enough upsetting us.
If full moderation not be practical, then fairly smart scripts
for detecting abuse could do SOME good. Certainly a barrage
of posts to Usenet could be detected and blocked. But that only
causes someone to post more damaging posts in fewer numbers.
"I am afraid of knowing the truth, for when you offer it to
people, they call you mad."
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-16 15:35:24
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Detweiler remailer abuse 
Matthew Ghio wrote,
Ah, and what better way to get qwerty placed in all the other remailer's
kill files? A remailer not part of a network isn't a happy remailer. I'm
already too close to being labeled as some sort of renegade idiot to pull this
anytime soon. The remailer police will pounce on me for this one, when I
change my mind. It would be a lot funner than the level of "punk" I see out
However, I think the real solution is moderated remailers. Then I'd have
and excuse to charge $1 (yes, cheaper than the others :-) ) a pop, and it
would add batching, which could be done in random order. However, sadly,
I personally don't have the time to maintain such a system :-( . Ah, but I
could hire someone to do it for me $-) !
Encryption would keep people's mail private, and Usenet is already public,
and my bad memory would not constitute a "log" of who is getting e-mail.
The remailer script could EVEN be set up to avoid my even seeing the
addresses involved, were they private e-mail.
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-02-19 18:26:41
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Remailer list 
I have placed the "Xenon's Full Disclosure Remailer List"
up for anonymous ftp to netcom.com in /pub/qwerty.
I am willing to maintain it, by only to the extent that
people send me updates :-). It's format is free-form,
so add your own headers, or whatever. I am no longer
on the Cypherpunks mailing list. If someone is willing
to maintain this list, they can put their name atop it,
but I hope they will mail me new versions as they are
made. Thanks. Might you take the remailer discussion
to Usenet anyway? My list may end up in some form
in each new PGP FAQ version, by my mailing it to
Gary Edstrom who isn't on this list either.
 -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-01-31 00:32:57
@_author: Qwerty Uiopas 
@_subject: I will be a remailer. 
I am willing to dedicate this Netcom account to be a remailer. Please send me the
needed script, information, and personal comments. I want a fast and sturdy
remailer routine. At least tell me where to ftp the best and latest script,
and exactly how to install it and how to maintain it. Oh, I also want it to
handle encrypted remailing! I'll need PGP too. I've seen PGP for Unix and it looked
intimidating to install.
INFO NEEDED.

@_date: 1994-01-31 06:13:05
@_author: Qwerty Uiopas 
@_subject: I will be a remailer. 
Could someone e-mail me intructions on exactly how to compile the damn pgp23A.tar.Z in my Netcom account? I get,
make: Fatal error: Don't know how to make target `suncc' and such when I follow
the instructions. I did get the unproto utility as it said, but what do I do
with it? I tried following the directions, but they are, as PGP, cryptic.

@_date: 1994-07-17 21:21:02
@_author: -=Xenon=- 
@_subject: Detweiler Remailer filtering 
Hal told the oral history of my remailer as...
However, I experienced *no* abuse of my remailer, I being at the time on
fairly good terms with Mr. Detweiler. (I had a single amusing "abuse" in
which the person told someone in personal anonymous mail that their
continued us of their IP number was a copyright violation and would be
procecuted. Guy just didn't have a sense of humour.)
I did not accuse anyone of hypocrisy. All I said was that a simple quick fix
solution of blocking his known address would ONLY MAKE THINGS WORSE, since
then he would forge mail instead. Besides, fight him and he'll fight back
with renewed energy, I reasoned. I also thought it was sort of funny to see
all the propellor-beenie types yelling at the top of their lungs about some
inappropriate posting in their oh so precious newsgroups, and said that
his posts could be called performance art. I said we needed an *abuse*
filter not a Detweiler filter. This of course got me flamed :-).
I shut down qwerty-remailer, after perhaps a month of operation, due to two
reasons. I felt moderated remailers were necessary (until Usenet is "fixed"
to catch such abuses in some open moderation scheme) and did not have the
*time* to moderate qwerty. The major reason however was the public threats
of other remailer operators sending *their* abusive user's mail through
qwerty-remailer when I refused to block Detweiler's address! That threw me
for a loop. Wow. Nasty situation that was, and an isolated remailer is not
an effective one. I also was not at all effective at trying to gather FULL
information about the existing remailers, and my "Full Discosure Remailer
List" is still incomplete, as well as now outdated.
 -=Xenon=-
P.S. If anyone is interested in a few radical essays on remailer/internet
security from an output larger than the internet, see the Rant Series on
ftp.netcom.com in /pub/qwerty/Writings.

@_date: 1994-06-01 22:17:23
@_author: -=Xenon=- 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
Is this for real? Or did some future Nobel prize winner discover that PGP
        WIRETAP FLAW
        NEW YORK (AP) -- A computer scientist reportedly has discovered a
basic flaw in coding technology that the Clinton administration has
been promoting as a standard for electronic communications. Matthew
Blaze, a researcher at AT&T Bell Laboratories, told the New York
Times that his research had shown that someone with sufficient
computer skills can beat the government's technology by encoding
messages so that no one, not even the government, can crack them.
The administration has been urging private industry to adopt the
so-called ``Clipper chip'' as a standard encoding system.

@_date: 1994-06-18 13:51:59
@_author: -=Xenon=- 
@_subject: Andy Grove on Clipper 
Tim May concluded, after an insightful essay,
The crypto code exists, for whatever you may wish to do (at least if it
isn't real-time voice, but that's also being written).  What is now needed
has nothing to do with crypto. It has to do with art, not science, not
mathematics.  Interface design and interface creation, for PGP.  It means
Mac and Windows.  That's a 100+ million user base.  That's why we started
the Mac Crypto Interface Project, and why similar is needed for Windows. We already have a simple Apple Script interface almost done (by Pete
Hinely) which will allow MacPGP2.6 to be used by millions, not just a few
"g(x) = O(f(x))" doesn't matter now, no more than E = hv mattered for
getting microwave ovens in every household.  Nice GUI matters now.  The
product exists but it needs packaging and marketing.  I'd like to see a
shift in focus here, brought on not by my nagging, but by realizing how
radical a thing it would be, were a five-minute learning curve, "No
Questions Asked" PGP interface available for the Mac and Windows.  And in
this effort, newbies are the experts, and the leaders, for it is they we
must serve.
It comes down to, do you want strong crypto tools just for your group of a
few hundred, or do you want to change the world?
 -=Xenon=-
P.S. ftp to ftp.netcom.com in /pub/mcip to get MCIP.Design.Spec.cpt.hqx to
see pictures of future MacPGP.  There's will also soon be a simple-Simon
interim interface (already almost done) which will use MacPGP2.6/2.6ui as a
dummy crypto engine.  No more 14 buttons and four text areas every time you
want to encrypt the Clipboard.  Also, it looks like AOL and Compuserve etc.
will finally start carrying PGP. That's a mainstream market.  PGP2.6 is a
radical thing, thus.

@_date: 1994-03-31 00:51:09
@_author: -=Xenon=- 
@_subject: New MacPGP, but only in German? 
Forward from Usenet. If anybody knows where to get the English
version please let me know; I'd like to make it available. I
checked, and this new version has a fix of MacPGP2.3's worst
bug, which is a System Crash when you don't have the public key
needed to check a signature, and you are using the Clipboard
feature. I started translating it with Resedit, but decided it
wasn't a half-hour job afterall, especially since I don't know
any German.
alt.security.pgp  (0 + 13 more)                                      [1]
[1] MacPGP2.3a V1.1
Followup-To: alt.security.pgp
Organization: GMD
Lines: 6
i recently purchased "Mausefalle", a UA for the MausNet, which came with a
AppleScript-able version of MacPGP. You can find it a copy (of
MacPGP2.3V1.1) in
not sources, so far, but some ReadMe's and signatures. The author can be
reached as Christoph_Pagalies at hh2.maus.de
I posted this, and that's all there is of the thread so far:
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I fetched that file (slowwwww).
The readme file says,
Each of the three folders has been signed so you can check for any
manipulations (if you already have a previous PGP version).
Yet all I saw was a folder with the German program: MacPGP 2.3a V1.1 Q dt.
All the menus and buttons are in German, but the message window is
Where's the English version? And what's the date of origin of this program?
It seems to be an independent MacPGP2.3, as it only mentions changes since
MacPGP2.2, not since MacPGP2.3v.1.0.5, which is what everybody is using
now, otherwise known as just "MacPGP2.3". No mention of fixes for bugs that
were in MacPGP2.3v.1.0.5, such as crashing during decryption using the
Clipboard feature, if you don't have the right public key to check a
signature with. We shall see (once I can read the damn menus) :-) !
 -=Xenon=-
P.S. If you want to know what version you have (which will turn out to be
1.0.5 if you have "MacPGP2.3"), open the program with ResEdit and look in
the "Version" resource.
P.S.S. The source code for MacPGP2.3 has always only been labeled as
version 1.0.4! Does this mean the version I'm using has no source code
available? I guess the NSA didn't want us to know what they put in there?

@_date: 1994-05-30 01:07:53
@_author: -=Xenon=- 
@_subject: MacPGP2.6 (was Re: Email Stalking on CNN) 
Sidney asked,
More to the point, if anyone out there happens to be a Mac programmer, are
you joining the MCIP to create a street smart interface? And if not, why
Our main concern is ITAR and we are getting legal advice from a team of
lawyers, well versed in such matters.
MacPGP2.6 will indeed arrive, but it will be the same old beast. We will
likely use it as our short-term crypto engine. MacPGP2.6 is a dead end
though. PGP3.0 will be turned into a Mac system Manager, adding new
routines to the Toolbox. There will also be an Apple Events Linker with a
nice interface (to replace MacPGP2.3/MacPGP2.6) for normal programmers and
script writers to use. A system-wide menu will get your girlfriends to use
PGP with you, FINALLY :-). Drag-and-Drop and "Vaults" for the Finder
(thought the Menu could also act on Finder selections, but that's another
hack since you guys at Apple wont tell us how to get that info, not to
mention how to put up a system-wide menu!).
Whoever wants to see what we're up to ftp to ftp.netcom.com in /pub/mcip,
and grab MCIP.pictures. There's a bunch of project literature there
including a list archive and list of members.
 -=Xenon=-
I heard about MacPGP2.3aV1.1 appearing on ftp.netcom.com in /pub/mpj/...
but I can't find it in Europe yet. I mailed Christoph about where he put
it. He says he's updating it and will release source, but I heard that in a
copy of mail one of our members had with him. No word on the existing
source being available overseas, which is rather odd, since it came out of
