
@_date: 2001-07-10 16:24:34
@_author: Consumer Electronics Association -Communications 
@_subject: CEA Applauds Appeals Court Ruling in Over-the-Air Reception Devices Case 
FOR RELEASE
Contact:	Jeff Joseph			or		Jenny Miller
tel: (703) 907-7664					tel: (703) 907-7079
e-mail: jjoseph at ce.org					e-mail: jmiller at ce.org
CEA Applauds Appeals Court Ruling in Over-the-Air Reception Devices Case
Decision Upholds FCC Order Prohibiting Restrictions on Satellite Dish Placement
Arlington, Va., July 10, 2001 - The Consumer Electronics Association (CEA) applauded the U.S. Appeals Court ruling Friday, which upheld Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations prohibiting restrictions on certain over-the-air television reception and direct-to-home satellite services.  Petitioners in the case, including building owners and managers, had questioned the agency's statutory authority and had objected to the FCC's rules concerning over-the-air reception devices (OTARD) that were promulgated following enactment of the 1996 Telecommunications Act and amended in 1998 to extend to leaseholders.  The three District of Columbia appellate court judges decidedly rejected the petitioners' claims, delivering a victory to the FCC.  CEA celebrated the decision as a victory for consumers who may install satellite dishes and equipment despite landlord opposition in order to enjoy freely the benefits of digital access and entertainment.
"This is a big win for consumers.  The 'unambiguously expressed intent of Congress' was clear in Section 207 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996," said CEA President and CEO Gary Shapiro.  "The Court has upheld the right of all Americans - including renters - to have access to the latest and best consumer technologies, such as direct-to-home satellite.  As the original FCC Order recognized, full participation in the digital revolution shouldn't be conditioned on property ownership."
The Consumer Electronics Association (CEA) represents more than 650 U.S. companies involved in the design, development, manufacturing and distribution of audio, video, mobile electronics, wireless and landline communications, information technology, multimedia and accessory products, as well as related services that are sold through consumer channels.  Combined, these companies account for more than $70 billion in annual sales.
CEA also sponsors and manages the International CES - Your Source for Workstyle and Lifestyle Technology.  All profits from CES are reinvested into industry services, including technical training and education, industry promotion, engineering standards development, market research and legislative advocacy.
UPCOMING EVENTS
DTV Summit - Is Laissez-Faire Fair?
CEA Fall Conference and Industry Forum Digital Car Conference and Exhibition
2002 International CES - Your Source for Workstyle and Lifestyle Technology
I:\RELEASES\DTV & DTV SUMMIT\FCC.OTARD.doc
Consumer Electronics Association -Communications  703-907-7041 Phone
