
@_date: 2001-08-22 22:30:51
@_author: r.duke@freedom.net 
@_subject: Send Law Students, Idealists and Grant Proposals.  Was:  Re: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
(Another Internet centred lawyer wannabe speaks up.)
But is it worth it if you do? I like musty books. And I'm sufficiently to find libraries quite pleasant. I suppose the problem is that like many on this
list (and in life in general), I'm not exactly fascinated by some parts of the law
that lawyers would realistically spend their time working on, such as wills.
Hold me back - I just can't stop reading them - if only I could write them.
What about those who manage to get into a group specializing in something like
the Internet & law? There are a few such groups, I think. I'm pretty sure Harvard has
one. Do things like that only make a difference if you manage to publish while studying? (Something which, given the workload, is probably all but You mean it wasn't like in "The Firm" where all the firms chase after you, offering you
wads of cash? That's a bit disappointing.
Hmm. I guess I'll continue with the question from above - if you make a point in
specializing in something like International law and jurisdiction (while possibly being
active in a specialized group like the Harvard Internet Law group, or a similar group
in a school that would actually accept me), and have a good technical background to
back it up, what are your chances of doing something interesting? Any call for criminal
lawyers who actually understand how hacks and cracks work?
I was thinking about law because it interests me, and because I really just sort of fell
into programming and security as a result of not knowing what else to do. I meant for it to become some sort of "career."
Screw 9th - who was first?
Protect your privacy! - Get Freedom 2.0 at

@_date: 2001-08-23 21:48:28
@_author: r.duke@freedom.net 
@_subject: Send Law Students, Idealists and Grant Proposals.  Was:   Re: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
Yeah, that's the one I was thinking of. I've had a look around, and can't actually find many other similar groups. Mind you, most of the lawyers I've spoken to seem feel that the Internet is nothing new, legally. This leads me to think that lawyers on the whole, are not particularly imaginative or attentive people.
Oh hurrah. A bargain.
Four days for all that? Perhaps it involves time travel.
Protect your privacy! - Get Freedom 2.0 at

@_date: 2001-08-24 00:43:08
@_author: r.duke@freedom.net 
@_subject: Send Law Students, Idealists and Grant Proposals.  Was:    Re: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
Often true, but new technologies can necessitate new interpretations of laws which were not written well enough to translate smoothly to the newest "flavour or the week" technology.
I would have thought that new interpretations of things like federal and state jurisdictions would be needed. Given the arguments over the recent decision on Yahoo from France, I'd say there are questions to be answered. Is a company under your jurisdiction as soon as you can see its servers? Are ISPs carriers, or providers? What about their webservers, which store and provide, as opposed to simply carrying?
Tell me if I'm wildly off base - I don't mind, but it seems to me that at the moment, these issues are not obvious and written in stone.
Actually, I stand corrected - it's no more than your average technical training course (Sun, etc). Given that it's something I'd have to pay for, instead of my employer, it seemed expensive. Things always look more affordable when you can get your manager to sign them off.
Protect your privacy! - Get Freedom 2.0 at
