
@_date: 2000-09-14 14:52:13
@_author: L. Sassaman 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
Hash: SHA1
I've been running an anonymous remailer since DefCon, when a certain
speaker motivated me to set one up. I get on average 1 threat of bodily
harm and 3 threats of lawsuits per day because of this.
To attempt to answer the question "why do you run a remailer", I put up
the page This seems to have the effect of further annoying those who would have
anonymous remailers outlawed.
I don't enjoy the fact that some people are being harassed through my
remailer. But I cannot prevent that without limiting the effectiveness of
the remailer. Have there been any court rulings that define the level of liability for
remops whose remailers are used to facilitate criminal actions?
Is someone like myself, running a public remailer, considered an ISP? (I'm
thinking of the Prodigy ruling, where Prodigy was deemed not responsible
for content posted on its BBS system.)

@_date: 2001-12-11 21:41:38
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
The quoted portion is basically accurate (true to what I said), but I was
talking about theoretical attacks at that point. I think I said something
along the lines of:
"The cypherpunks developed a system based on the ideas in Chaum's 1981
paper. Penet-style remailers were potentially vulnerable to hackers and
court orders, which in fact ended up being the downfall of anon.penet.fi.
These problems prompted them to build better remailers."
I had this post up my screen when I was talking to him:
Penet was *in operation* prior to Eric and Hal's chained remailers, right?
If not, then that's my error.

@_date: 2001-12-19 16:51:09
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
Dear Cypherpunks and other unsavory characters,
I was recapping for some other remops a conversation that Tim sparked at
the last cypherpunks meeting regarding pay-per-use remailers, and I had
some additional thoughts. I'm not an expert on digital cash, so please
pardon me if I make any obvious errors. I welcome criticism of these ideas
and explanations as to why they won't work as well as tips for
I've been thinking about how to create pay-per-use remailers for some
time. The reasons for needing a remailer payment system are obvious: aside
from handling spamming and flooding, it would encourage more people to run
remailers. If a remailer operator can expect to make money off of a
remailer, or at least recoup his losses, he's more likely to do so.
(Discussion of how liability changes when money is involved is for a
different time.)
"Digital cash" in the traditional sense isn't necessary for a pay-per-use
remailer system. Like MojoNation, I am going to refer to the digital cash
coins as something that has no monetary value in the traditional sense.
Tim pointed out at the last meeting that what we think of as "money" has
no inherent value. If you think of the remailer digital cash coins as
tokens with a very specific purpose, a lot of the objections to using
digital cash disappear.
Additionally, I am assuming that there would be a suitable digital cash
algorithm that could be used for these purposes. I am aware that there are
algorithms similar to Chaum's in existence, but my level of knowledge
isn't sufficient to know if they would work for these purposes. In any
event, the Chaum patents expire soon enough. In this scheme, while the
anonymity of the token buyer is essential, neither the bank nor the seller
will have their anonymity protected.
The system would work as follows, from the point of view of the user:
The user would purchase remailer tokens (digital cash) from a token vendor
(the bank). This is an exchange similar to car wash tokens or
TicketMaster[tm], where the seller receives "real cash" and the buyer
receives a tangible promise of a future service. The tokens could be
purchased online using PayPal, credit cards, etc. (Yes, this means the
number of paying remailer customers must be large enough to constitute a
The user than fires up his remailer client, and each remailer has pricing
and token service information associated with its key and reliability
stats. (In this system, multiple token vendors could exist, and remailers
could be their own vendors. For simplicity's sake, I am going to assume
that all remailers in this user's client accept the same ticket vendor's
Each remailer sets a price (i.e., number of tokens) for its use. Remailers
could even charge a different amount depending on where in the chain it
fell, with exit hop services costing more than beginning/middle chain
positions. The user would select his chain based on the reliability stats
and the pricing information for each remailer. The client would tally the
cost, and when the user approved, it would remove tokens from the user's
"purse" and attach them to the outgoing message, interwoven in the various
layers of encryption in the message.
Now, from the remailer's point of view:
A message is received, and the encryption stripped off. Inside is a
remailer token, which the remailer redeems with the token vendor after
ensuring that the token covered the price of the message (accumulating a
balance in his account, which can then be exchanged for cash by the
remop.) The message is then delivered to the next hop, and so forth.
I came up with this idea after an interesting conversation with Bram Cohen
one night, and then after researching it realized that others had said
basically the same thing. I'm interested in hearing problems with the
above proposal, but for now I am going to assume it is sound. I have a
further enhancement to this system that I just now realized might be
possible, and this is what I'm really interested in discussing.
One of the big problems with remailers currently is reliability. We can
attempt to make remailer software more stable, place remailers on better,
faster systems, add message redundancy to the protocol, etc., and we still
don't eliminate the major flaw receipt verification. There is no way to
report back to a message sender that a message did not make delivery, so
when something does go wrong, the end user rarely has any idea why. Hal
Finney discussed this, and a possible solution to the problem, here:
If a system as I have described above were to be implemented, we could
solve this problem (as well as the inevitable problems of remailers
cheating and collecting payment without delivering mail, and the problem
of double-spending) without having to reveal any useful information to an
attacker who doesn't already have ability to observe the entire mix
If the remailer client were to keep track of which tokens were paid to
which remailer, the user could determine where in a chain message delivery
failed, or if the message exited the last hop (not exactly the same as if
it was delivered, but close. The last remailer could cheat, or the
recipient's mail server could fail. There's ways to improve this, though.)
After the remailer redeems the token with the token vendor, the token
vendor publishes the token. No one but the user and the remailer know
which message a given token was linked to, so information leakage is
minimized. The user can query the token vendor for the most recent token
redemptions, and will be able to determine where his message either is
currently waiting in the chain, or where it died.
(This isn't exact either. Failure, in this case, is pinpointed at the link
between two remailers, rather than at a given remailer. If a user queried
the bank and discovered that, out of a 5 remailer chain, remailers A, B,
and C redeemed the tokens but D did not, this either means C is cheating,
C is broken on sending, or D is broken on receiving. Further tests would
be necessary to determine the exact nature of the failure.)
Does anyone have any thoughts on this? Reasons why the payment system
would not work? Reasons why the verification system would not work?
Improvements to either system? Thoughts on the specifics of the digital
cash algorithms needed?

@_date: 2001-12-21 13:21:27
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: More on remailers. 
There have been quite a few responses to the email I posted the other day
regarding pay-per-use remailers. I'm going to try to follow up on all of
them in this one message.
First of all, the fact that I brought up the topic of pay-per-use
remailers shouldn't be interpreted to mean that I think that is what
needs to be done next in improving the remailer network. As I told those
of you at the last cypherpunks meeting, there are more immediate concerns
and necessary improvements to be made. Ryan Lackey, Steve Schear and Mr.
Melon covered some of the big ones in one of their recent posts. However,
I don't think it is a bad thing to be discussing digital cash remailers,
since I am convinced that they are an eventual necessity.
Anonymous and Meyer Wolfsheim pointed out that the tracking idea doesn't
depend on digital cash, and that one could use a nonce for that purpose.
Yes, this is certainly true -- I was interested in hearing thoughts on the
feasibility of hearing them together. (It seems to me that combining the
two will give additional benefits, such as the ability for the user to
re-use tokens from the latter part of a chain if the message dies in the
former part of a chain, etc., etc.)
While I new that the pay-per-use remailer model I was describing had been
demonstrated many times before, I hadn't been aware that John Gilmore had
proposed a similar system reliability tracking system. I'd appreciate
pointers to that so I can read it.
Anonymous claimed that I contradicted myself in my description of the
remailer tokens. Let me clarify: rather than being an openly traded
currency, like dollars, the only people who need to be able to turn
remailer tokens back into "real cash" are remailer operators. Expect a
money-changing fee as well. (BTW, I prefer the term "remailer stamps" than
"remailer tokens." I think users will understand this better.)
There could certainly be multiple mints, as Tim points out, and remailers
could be their own mint. I suspect some remailers would go this route to
eliminate the money-changing fees, but I was simplifying for my
Meyer and Ryan bring up the point that buying tokens/stamps from a
"remailer stamp vendor" would identify one as a remailer user. I pointed
out in my original message the necessity of a "crowd" of remailer users,
but I'm surprised to see this as a real objection. Mix-nets are designed
to work against an opponent who can see all network traffic, and in that
scenario, everyone who is a remailer user is already identified. Don't
forget this.
Publishing failure notifications with sender-provided keys, as Steve
Schear suggests, seems likely to have large implementation and usage
hurdles. (A separate user's public key for each remailer in the chain
would have to be sent along with each message, and managing this would
become quite difficult for the user.)
Ryan discusses some of the things needed to run a remailer. One of the
things on his list is "a fuck the law attitude". Frankly, it doesn't
matter what your attitude is, how much hardware you have, etc, if your ISP
will shut you down under pressure because of complaints. Even if DSL is
technically sufficient to run a remailer, being a DSL customer is not. Not
everyone hosts their remailer server in a data center known to fire
warning shots at approaching military vessels. Greg Broiles is nobody as
far as Speakeasy is concerned, and shutting him off was a simple solution
to the abuse complaints they were receiving. Had he been a leased line or
collo customer, the situation would probably have been different.
Additionally, Ryan has a list of "what remops want." I suspect that varies
greatly by remop. He completely missed my personal motives for operating
Ryan is taking the stance that we need "better, not more" remailers. I
tend to agree, but I can't see many companies spending a lot on their
remailers if there isn't a source of revenue.
On the mixmaster-devel and remops lists, we've been discussing the needed
improvements to Mixmaster and remailers in general a lot recently. I won't
go over them here. If you're interested, join the discussion on the
mixmaster-devel list. One thing that hasn't been mentioned a lot, but that
Ryan touched upon just now, is better two-way communication. We need a
good nym system, and reply-blocks don't cut it.
In conclusion, I leave you with a question: if remailer users are reduced
to a small number of high-paying remailer customers for whom anonymity is
not a game, but a matter of life or death, could a mix-net be made to
provide any sufficient degree of security? "No" is the easy answer. Say
yes, and prove it.

@_date: 2001-07-19 15:12:46
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Demonstation at Adobe Monday 
For those of you who aren't familiar with what's happening here, please
see  for details.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
This is a summary of the plans for the demonstration at Adobe that
we discussed at the meeting last night.  We agreed to meet at the
park and walk to Adobe together, and the snake is an obvious meeting
place that is close to, but out of line of sight from, Adobe HQ.
Free Dmitry
March on Adobe
Monday, July 23, 2001, 11AM-1PM
Downtown San Jose, California, USA
MEET AT THE SNAKE: We will be meeting in downtown San Jose at the
snake sculpture, Quetzalcoatl, which is at the south end of Cesar
de Chavez Park, at the corner of South Market St. and West San
Carlos St.  Cesar de Chavez Park is across San Carlos from the
Hyatt St. Claire Hotel, near the San Jose Convention Center.
Convention Center stop.  Trains run approximately every 10 minutes.
The convention center is on the south side of the street; walk 1/2
block east on W. San Carlos St. to the snake.
light rail line at the Tamien station.
VTA light rail schedules: Driving: Downtown San Jose is easily accessible
from US 101, Interstate 280, and California 87.
See the URL below for maps and recommended routes:
Parking: An inexpensive pay parking lot is available at the San
Jose Convention Center, across San Carlos from the snake sculpture.
The entrance is from Almaden Blvd., one block west.
Please do not park at Adobe!
WHAT TO BRING
Please bring a sign or a U.S. or Russian flag, and a cell phone if
you have one.  Keep signs simple (4 words is ideal) so that they
are easy to read for people passing by.
"Adobe: drop the charges" and "Free Dmitry" are examples.
Free event T-shirts to the first 50 attendees.
free-sklyarov mailing list
free-sklyarov at zork.net

@_date: 2001-07-19 15:12:46
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Demonstation at Adobe Monday 
For those of you who aren't familiar with what's happening here, please
see  for details.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
This is a summary of the plans for the demonstration at Adobe that
we discussed at the meeting last night.  We agreed to meet at the
park and walk to Adobe together, and the snake is an obvious meeting
place that is close to, but out of line of sight from, Adobe HQ.
Free Dmitry
March on Adobe
Monday, July 23, 2001, 11AM-1PM
Downtown San Jose, California, USA
MEET AT THE SNAKE: We will be meeting in downtown San Jose at the
snake sculpture, Quetzalcoatl, which is at the south end of Cesar
de Chavez Park, at the corner of South Market St. and West San
Carlos St.  Cesar de Chavez Park is across San Carlos from the
Hyatt St. Claire Hotel, near the San Jose Convention Center.
Convention Center stop.  Trains run approximately every 10 minutes.
The convention center is on the south side of the street; walk 1/2
block east on W. San Carlos St. to the snake.
light rail line at the Tamien station.
VTA light rail schedules: Driving: Downtown San Jose is easily accessible
from US 101, Interstate 280, and California 87.
See the URL below for maps and recommended routes:
Parking: An inexpensive pay parking lot is available at the San
Jose Convention Center, across San Carlos from the snake sculpture.
The entrance is from Almaden Blvd., one block west.
Please do not park at Adobe!
WHAT TO BRING
Please bring a sign or a U.S. or Russian flag, and a cell phone if
you have one.  Keep signs simple (4 words is ideal) so that they
are easy to read for people passing by.
"Adobe: drop the charges" and "Free Dmitry" are examples.
Free event T-shirts to the first 50 attendees.
free-sklyarov mailing list
free-sklyarov at zork.net

@_date: 2001-07-20 18:39:32
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Rallies on Monday 
is now the home for the rally announcements. If you're planning on
attending one, please visit this page for info. If you're holding one,
please let us know so we can add it to the page.
Len Sassaman
Security Architect            |
Technology Consultant         |  "Let be be finale of seem."
       |           --Wallace Stevens

@_date: 2001-07-20 18:39:32
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Rallies on Monday 
is now the home for the rally announcements. If you're planning on
attending one, please visit this page for info. If you're holding one,
please let us know so we can add it to the page.
Len Sassaman
Security Architect            |
Technology Consultant         |  "Let be be finale of seem."
       |           --Wallace Stevens

@_date: 2001-06-25 11:36:34
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: - keysigning protocol loopholes 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2606 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-06-25 11:36:34
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: - keysigning protocol loopholes 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 2606 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-12 11:07:30
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
I don't want to get roped into a pissing contest about this, so this will
probably be my only comment to this list on the matter.
First, a few facts.
Only two remailers have shut down: orange and cracker. And cracker's
reasons didn't have to do with current events. Another two remailers, hell
and randseed, have altered their mode of operation.
At present, I count 32 remailers in operation. This is up from 13 when I
opened my randseed last year. I expect to see at least two more remailers
going online in the next few days.
As for the morality of running a remailer: I highly doubt that mixmaster
remailers were used, are being used, or will be used in the planning and
execution of these physical terrorist attacks. Remailer operators should
feel no more "shame and guilt at providing a service which could foster
destruction" than those who build airplanes. (Particularly since
airplanes, unlike remailers, were clearly used in this attack.)
What I do fear is that a large load of bogus tips and impotent threats
will be made. Past experience has shown me that, while the Secret Service
understands how remailers function and what information their operators
can and cannot provide, the FBI (at least in the Silicon Valley) lacks an
understanding of this technology, and treats remailer operators themselves
as suspects.
I'm not in a position at present to risk imprisonment because I cannot
provide the identities of people using my system. I do not think that
Happy Fun Fed would be amused if I said "I don't keep logs, therefore I
can't tell you who A. Melon is. Yes, I understand that he confessed to the
attack -- I simply can't help you."
I rely on the equipment that runs the randseed remailer for multiple
uses. It hosts several other websites, provides my personal mail, and
hosts my website and resume -- particularly important to me, as I have
been unemployed since July. I can't afford to have this server seized.
I'll inevitably be accused of being cowardly or selfish for switching my
system over to middleman mode. To the cypherpunks making those
accusations, I ask: Do you run a remailer?
The remailer network has been around a lot longer than randseed. Even if
15 remailers ceased operation because of yesterday's events, there would
still be more remailers in operation than there were when I started.
There really is nothing news-worthy here.

@_date: 2002-08-06 23:28:08
@_author: Len Sassaman 
@_subject: CodeCon 2003 Call for Papers 
CodeCon 2.0
February 2003, San Francisco CA, USA
Call For Papers
CodeCon is the premier showcase of active hacker projects. It is an
excellent opportunity for developers to demonstrate their work, and for
coding hackers to find out about what's going on in their community.
All presentations must be accompanied by functional applications,
ideally open source. Presenters must be one of the active developers of
the code in question. We emphasize that demonstrations be of *working*
code, and reproducible by other people. Throughout the event, we will have
several kiosks and local servers available for demonstration purposes.
CodeCon strongly encourages presenters from non-commercial and academic
backgrounds to attend for the purposes of collaboration and the sharing of
knowledge by providing free registration to workshop presenters and
discounted registration to full-time students.
We hereby solicit papers and demonstrations.
   * Papers and proposals due: December 1, 2002
   * Authors notified: December 15, 2002
   * Demonstration materials due: January 15, 2003
The focus of CodeCon is on working applications which:
   * enhance individual power and liberty
   * can be discussed freely, either by virtue of being open source or
     having a published protocol, and preferably free of intellectual
     property restrictions
   * are generally useful, either directly to a large number of users, or
     as an example of technology applicable to a larger audience
   * demonstrate novelty in technical approaches, security assumptions, and
     end-user functionality
Possible topics include, but are by no means restricted to:
   * development tools - languages, debuggers, version control
   * file sharing systems - swarming distribution, distributed search
   * community-based web sites - forums, weblogs, personals
   * security products - mail encryption, intrusion detection, firewalls
Presentations will be a 45 minutes long, with 15 minutes allocated for
Q&A. Overruns will be truncated.
Submission details:
Submissions are being accepted immediately. Acceptance dates are
September 1, November 1, and December 1. On each acceptance date,
submissions will be either accepted, rejected, or deferred to the
next acceptance date.
The conference language is English.
All submissions should be accompanied by source code or an application.
When possible, we would prefer that the application be available for
interactive use during the workshop, either on a presenter-provided
demonstration machine or one of the conference kiosks.
Ideally, demonstrations should be usable by attendees with 802.11b
connected devices either via a web interface, or locally on Windows,
UNIX-like, or MacOS platforms. Cross-platform applications are most
Our venue may be 21+. If you are submitting and are under 21, please
advise the program committee; we may consider alternate venues for one or
more days of the event. If you have a specific day on which you would
prefer to present, please advise us.
To submit, send mail to submissions at codecon.info including the following
   * Project name
   * url of project home page
   * tagline - one sentence or less summing up what the project does
   * names of presenter(s) and urls of their home pages, if they have any
   * one-paragraph bios of presenters (optional)
   * project history, no more than a few sentences
   * what will be done in the project demo
   * major achievement(s) so far
   * claim(s) to fame, if any
   * future plans
Conference Producers and co-chairs: Bram Cohen, Len Sassaman
Program Committee:
   * Tina Bird, Counterpane
   * Bram Cohen, BitTorrent
   * Roger Dingledine, The Freehaven Project
   * Jered Floyd, Permabit
   * Paul Holman, The Shmoo Group
   * Ben Laurie, The Apache Foundation
   * Don Marti, Linux Journal
   * Jordan Ritter, Cloudmark
   * Len Sassaman, Nomen Abditum Services
   * Rodney Thayer, The Tillerman Group
   * Jamie Zawinski, DNA Lounge
If your organization is interested in sponsoring CodeCon, we would love to
hear from you. In particular, we are looking for sponsors for social meals
and parties on any of the three days of the conference, as well as
sponsors of the conference as a whole, prizes or awards for quality
presentations, scholarships for qualified applicants, and assistance with
transportation or accommodation for presenters with limited resources. If
you might be interested in sponsoring any of these aspects, please contact
the conference organizers at codecon-admin at codecon.info.
Press policy:
CodeCon strives to be a conference for developers, with strong audience
participation. As such, we need to limit the number of complimentary
passes non-developer attendees. Press passes are limited to one pass per
publication, and must be approved prior to the registration deadline (to
be announced later). If you are a member of the press, and interested in
covering CodeCon, please contact us early by sending email to
press at codecon.info. Members of the press who do not receive press-passes
are welcome to participate as regular conference attendees.
If you have questions about CodeCon, or would like to contact the
organizers, please mail codecon-admin at codecon.info. Please note this
address is only for questions and administrative requests, and not for
workshop presentation submissions.
Please note: do not email the old addresses at "codecon.org". Use
"codecon.info", or else they will not reach us.
