
@_date: 1994-08-30 15:21:33
@_author: Rachel_P._Kovner@gorgias.ilt.columbia.edu 
@_subject: Bad govt represents bad people? 
It was once said that (and I quote -very- loosely) "The price of liberty is
eternal vigilance", therefore, 'bad government' is probably not a result of
some kind of evil or malicious people, but just people who do not guard
their rights.  Obviously, there will be people in a society who will do
their best to protect their rights, but I speak of "people" as a society as
a whole, and therefore, if the isolated persons who stand up for their
rights are unable to make an impression on society at large, they will also
be subject to this 'bad government'.
Government will continually encroach upon its citizens' rights if the
people do not stand up for their liberties - therefore, if the citizens do
not protect their liberties, the liberties will be lost, and the people
will be responsible for this loss of liberty.
Delivered by the NLTL Internet Gateway

@_date: 1994-08-31 18:20:51
@_author: Rachel_P._Kovner@gorgias.ilt.columbia.edu 
@_subject: Bad govt represents bad people? 
I would agree with you that there is a natural evolutionary trend towards
government - however, I do not think of this process as inevitable.  The
vigilance" quote I cited was merely my way of saying that "bad government"
come about if people do not protect their rights, because of this
pressure' of which you speak.  Therefore, it's very important for a society
resist this evolutionary pressure.  If they do not, their actions will
contribute to
the rise of bad government.  I'm not really interested in throwing blame
but I would say that those who do not resist 'bad government' are, in some
way, responsible for it's rise.
There will always be people out there who will attempt to encroach on our
liberties - sometimes they will succeed, sometimes they will fail.  It
depends on
how much support they have and how much resistance they encounter.  It is
to the people of a country to resist bad government - otherwise, although
will be the victims of bad government, they will have contributed to
bringing it upon
Delivered by the NLTL Internet Gateway

@_date: 1994-08-31 18:56:59
@_author: Rachel_P._Kovner@gorgias.ilt.columbia.edu 
@_subject: Government and Repression 
Umm, minor point, but just for my personal clarification, are you
sure there's corporal punishment in Japan?  I seem to remember
that during this whole Singapore thing, Japan was often raised
as a model of a society with Singaporean crime rates and no
corporal punishment.
Delivered by the NLTL Internet Gateway

@_date: 1994-09-01 08:24:45
@_author: Rachel_P._Kovner@gorgias.ilt.columbia.edu 
@_subject: Bad govt represents bad people? 
I agree with you that the U.S. is unusual in this way - but I would say
that part of the reason the US has been so successful in warding off 'bad
government' is because Americans have traditionally been very concious and
protective of their liberties, more so than the French and Italians, and
even more so than the Brits.  I would suggest that this supports my
'eternal vigilance' statement, because it is only the country that has been
most protective and concious of its rights that still has it's rights. (Having a written Constitution has helped a bit, too...)  Well, that's an awfully pessimistic attitude, but I think you would
certainly agree that some countries in the world have worse government than
others.  I would say that the government reflects the people - the
countries with the best government tend to be those with the citizenry
which is most aware of the dangers of big government.  Even if those
countries eventually succumb to bad government, they will have succumbed
because they cease to resist the big G.  My point is this - G(g)overnment reflects the people in that it is the
people who ultimately must insure that their rights are protected.  If they
don't, history has shown, 'bad Government' will take over.  American
liberties have survived in some form for so long because Americans have
made efforts to maintain them - not because the forces which try to
restrict/remove our liberties are not their.  By the same coin, since these
forces are always there, when the US gives into them it will be because our
citizenry is no longer vigilant in resisting these forces.
Delivered by the NLTL Internet Gateway
