
@_date: 2009-03-25 17:46:46
@_author: Jeanine Beatty 
@_subject: You can be a real macho not only in words but also in actions. 
You just need to let this url address in picture to visit website
you've gotta love people with humor like that.
good news! last minute trip to idaho to see my sister- so much better than home blogging!
4. i don't worry about a little "creative clutter" in cate's room. i say, a good dress up/ barbie mess day better than watching tv all afternoon, right? pretty soon i will just put my 'kerchief on again and go to town. (yes, that is what cate's room looks like again, just over a month after the big clean. i tell you, i'm fighting a losing battle with that girl). does that answer your question, mary? i hope it helps! wink.
i am excited about my new running shoes.
the ms craft dept was featured in an article, and their personal crafting projects were shown. 3. i think that packages stacked all over the house are a nice decorative touch (and they remind me how good people are to donate to project 31) happy things! happy happy days. pic
i want those red boots and that coat. and a delicious coke.
i am trying to be a patient, kind mom.
and i love it (thanks, coco). back in a few days
my happy little life
time for a new spring look...
i love her style. really, cate is also mexican, japanese, native american, swiss, and a lot more- a true american- so we actually have a lot of family history travelling to do, but i really love the romantic beauty of ireland, and have always been drawn to that part of the world. plus i really love corned beef.
2. to keep the bedrooms clear i throw all the dirty laundry in the laundry room and shut the door. out of sight, out of mind! What are your tips for clearing clutter so you can focus on such a project as sewing?" well mary, let me answer your question by showing you some examples of how i deal with clutter in different areas of my home:
i am so grateful for quiet time with the scriptures. is this  ELLE
i am looking forward to a date with grant.
mostly i just stinking LOVE knitting. i told cate about st. patrick's day and ireland- she has a lot of irish ancestors through me. have you seen april's ms living yet? i love the comments i get from all of you. she'll be here friday and saturday april 3rd and 4th, and she'll be taking appointments for all day/ night both days at my house. in a tiny town in idaho
