
@_date: 1994-05-03 10:09:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga, Shipwright Development Corp. 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
[etcetera, etcetera]
My lurking pays off!
So good to see talk in earnest about "Cyphercash" (I noticed from my
reading of the imp-interest archive that Digicash(tm) is taken already ...)
I have been looking for a sound business reason for digital cash. I think
you folks may have found it.  Something to beat over the head of my
B-school trained pals anyway...
I think the primary reason that utilities put up with the float on checks
is because they have no choice. Credit card fees are too onerous, and there
were too many ways to cheat the old coin-operated electricity meter down
the hall.
There was a discussion in Forbes a while back (if anybody wants me to go
find it, let me know) about how electric utilities somewhere were running
pilot systems of prepaid electricity cards, which would get rid of meter
readers and their attendant overhead, and replace it with commissioned
"agents" (the local corner liquor store) ;-) in some of the higher-risk
I think there might be other reasons for using digital cash, but I'll take
cash in advance for a pornography feed for a start.
Anybody else out there with less draconian advantages to digital cash?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga                       "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation      eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                      someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02313 USA                    snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-05-03 12:31:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga, Shipwright Development Corp. 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
I think I see that... If your accounting systems were tightly coupled
enough, (and you were completely cash based) you could get your pro formas
on 12:01 am the day after the quarter ended. Of course you wouldn't have a
chance to back-pedal the results so well, either. .
Your comment about clearing reminds me of something else, though. I know
that options are settled much faster (Next-day, if I remember.  It's been
too long since I was in a cage.) than equity and fixed-income (5 days)
Is it possible to see instantaneous settlement happen in the financial
markets with digital cash?  I keep remembering that Edison made his first
real pile by inventing the stock ticker, though I'm not sure how
crypto-anarchist libertarians (syntax-error?) would make theirs here. ;-)
OTOH, would "immediate and final clearing" in a peer-to-peer clearing
mechanism be a useful enough benefit that a market's participants would pay
to use it?
-Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga                       "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation      eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                      someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02313 USA                    snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-05-03 18:01:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga, Shipwright Development Corp. 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
and "Perry E. Metzger"  said:
I'm trying to remember the name of the guys who "buy" trades from large
institutions like Fidelity.  Their transaction clearing costs are supposed
to be radically lower because of the automation they use. . . Something
about making their money in the bid/asked spread.
I'm sure the tax man will want to trace things like this (they might worry
about bearer securities after they killed them off already), but there's
probably a way to cut them in enough to keep them and the other regulators
happy.  It might be a way to institutionalize (so to speak ;-)) strong
crypto somewhere with enough clout to keep the other Feds out of normal
people's business.
Your reference to book entry reminded me about the book value for some
reason, and the flap about FASB mark-to-market initiatives.  That kind of
ratcheting down of the time horizon might make the financial markets try to
reduce their costs, and be more open to a reduction of transaction costs.
Perry, how would some one go about demonstrating the "potential to
dramatically lower transaction
costs in these markets"?
Robert Hettinga                       "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation      eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                      someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02313 USA                    snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-05-05 05:59:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga, Shipwright Development Corp. 
@_subject: The Value of Money 
GRABOW_GEOFFREY at tandem.com asked:
Sort of.  The market made him do it. Any real bankers out there can answer
this better than I can.  The way I remember it, the Bretton Woods agreement
made the "dollar as good as gold", which was intended to stabilize the
postwar economy and back up the Marshall plan, I think.  In the late '60s
and early '70s, the european economy was good enough that people (Charles
DeGaulle's government in France, among them) started to call the US
Treasury's bluff, and cash in dollars for gold.
I believe Nixon made two changes.  First, he decoupled the dollar from the
price of gold, thus making the dollar more explicitly a part of the
floating exchange rate mechanism (or more so, anyway).  Second, he started
making it legal for americans to own gold again, something FDR outlawed
during the depression.
Moving it more towards crypto here. . .
IMO, someday there *will* be a strictly digital, anonymous, liquid medium
of exchange, a currency, simply because computer transmissions are just
another means to transmit promises, like metal and paper.  However, the
next real step in that direction is to develop "securities" like money
market instruments, which are denominated in an existing currency, but are
"traded" not by institutions, but by people and/or business on the
internet, in order to meet very real needs, like selling software,
information, entertainment, etc.
I guess that's why I subscribed to this list, and why I'm somewhere in the
middle of the stream cypher section of Schneier's book. :-).
Robert Hettinga                       "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation      eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                      someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02313 USA                    snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923
