
@_date: 2006-05-15 02:12:07
@_author: Robert J. Berger 
@_subject: Federal Source to ABC News: We Know Who You're Calling 
[So now we get an idea of at least one thing the NSA is doing with
the Data they have collected from the phone companies - Rob]
Federal Source to ABC News: We Know Who You're Calling
May 15, 2006 10:33 AM
Brian Ross and Richard Esposito Report:
A senior federal law enforcement official tells ABC News the
government is tracking the phone numbers we call in an effort to root
out confidential sources.
"It's time for you to get some new cell phones, quick," the source
told us in an in-person conversation.
ABC News does not know how the government determined who we are
calling, or whether our phone records were provided to the government
as part of the recently-disclosed NSA collection of domestic phone
Other sources have told us that phone calls and contacts by reporters
for ABC News, along with the New York Times and the Washington Post,
are being examined as part of a widespread CIA leak investigation.
One former official was asked to sign a document stating he was not a
confidential source for New York Times reporter James Risen.
Our reports on the CIA's secret prisons in Romania and Poland were
known to have upset CIA officials.
People questioned by the FBI about leaks of intelligence information
say the CIA was also disturbed by ABC News reports that revealed the
use of CIA predator missiles inside Pakistan.
Under Bush Administration guidelines, it is not considered illegal
for the government to keep track of numbers dialed by phone customers.
The official who warned ABC News said there was no indication our
phones were being tapped so the content of the conversation could be
A pattern of phone calls from a reporter, however, could provide
valuable clues for leak investigators.
May 15, 2006 | Permalink
Robert J. Berger - Internet Bandwidth Development, LLC.
Voice: 408-882-4755 eFax: +1-408-490-2868
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-03-30 03:43:22
@_author: Robert J. Berger 
@_subject: No subject 
TSA missed 90% of bombs at Denver airport
posted by Cory Doctorow at 09:48:08 AM
Undercover agents were able to slip bombs and IEDs past the Transport  Security Agency checkpoint at Denver airport 90 percent of the time.  Last time I was in Denver, the eagle-eyed agent was able to spot and  confiscate my toothpaste, and of course, my suitcase arrived damaged,  contents filthy, having been pawed at by a TSA goon and then  improperly closed. These eagle-eyed guardians of freedom are so  obsessed with making sure that we're all sharing our foot-funguses  with each other on while our shoes go through the X-ray machine that  they can't actually find actual bombs.
It's great that the TSA devotes all its energies to stopping the kind  of ridiculous terrorist attacks that don't work, like shoe bombs and  moisture bombs. Makes me feel much safer. I sleep better knowing that  four-year-olds whose names sound vaguely like some terrorist's  possible alias are kept off our planes.
better today.
Link: Robert J. Berger - Internet Bandwidth Development, LLC.
Voice: 408-882-4755 eFax: +1-408-490-2868
Archives: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-03-31 05:27:12
@_author: Robert J. Berger 
@_subject: No subject 
Department of Homeland and Security wants master key for DNS
Monika Ermert, Craig Morris Heise Online
The US Department of Homeland Security (DHS), which was created after  the attacks on September 11, 2001 as a kind of overriding department,  wants to have the key to sign the DNS root zone solidly in the hands  of the US government. This ultimate master key would then allow  authorities to track DNS Security Extensions (DNSSec) all the way  back to the servers that represent the name system's root zone on the  Internet. The "key-signing key" signs the zone key, which is held by  VeriSign. At the meeting of the Internet Corporation for Assigned  Names and Numbers (ICANN) in Lisbon, Bernard Turcotte, president of  the Canadian Internet Registration Authority (CIRA) drew everyone's  attention to this proposal as a representative of the national top- level domain registries (ccTLDs).
At the ICANN meeting, Turcotte said that the managers of country  registries were concerned about this proposal. When contacted by  heise online, Turcotte said that the national registries had informed  their governmental representatives about the DHS's plans. A  representative of the EU Commission said that the matter is being  discussed with EU member states. DNSSec is seen as a necessary  measure to keep the growing number of manipulations on the net under  control. The DHS is itself sponsoring a campaign to support the  implementation of DNSSec. Three of the 13 operators currently work  outside of the US, two of them in Europe. Lars-Johan Liman of the  Swedish firm Autonomica, which operates the I root server, pointed  out the possible political implications last year. Liman himself  nomited ICANN as a possible candidate for the supervisory function.
The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA), which handles route  management within the ICANN, could be entrusted with the task of  keeping the keys. An ICANN/IANA solution would offer one benefit  according to some experts: there would be no need to integrate yet  another institution directly into operations. After all, something  must be done quickly if there is a problem with the signature during  operations. If the IANA retains the key, however, US authorities  still have a political problem, for the US government still reserves  the right to oversee ICANN/IANA. If the keys are then handed over to  ICANN/IANA, there would be even less of an incentive to give up this  role as a monitor. As a result, the DHS's demands will probably only  heat up the debate about US dominance of the control of Internet  Robert J. Berger - Internet Bandwidth Development, LLC.
Voice: 408-882-4755 eFax: +1-408-490-2868
Archives: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-09-22 04:36:13
@_author: Robert J. Berger 
@_subject: No subject 
[I hope everyone has written their Congressmen to not dare give  immunity to these anti-freedom activities! -Rob]
Case Dismissed?
The secret lobbying campaign your phone company doesn't want you to  know about
By Michael Isikoff and Mark Hosenball
Newsweek Updated: 4:00 a.m. PT Sept 20, 2007
Sept. 20, 2007 - The nationbs biggest telecommunications companies,  working closely with the White House, have mounted a secretive  lobbying campaign to get Congress to quickly approve a measure wiping  out all private lawsuits against them for assisting the U.S.  intelligence communitybs warrantless surveillance programs.
The campaignbwhich involves some of Washington's most prominent  lobbying and law firmsbhas taken on new urgency in recent weeks  because of fears that a U.S. appellate court in San Francisco is  poised to rule that the lawsuits should be allowed to proceed.
If that happens, the telecom companies say, they may be forced to  terminate their cooperation with the U.S. intelligence communitybor  risk potentially crippling damage awards for allegedly turning over  personal information about their customers to the government without  a judicial warrant.
bItbs not an exaggeration to say the U.S. intelligence community is  in a near-panic about this,b said one communications industry lawyer  familiar with the debate who asked not to be publicly identified  because of the sensitivity surrounding the issue.
But critics say the language proposed by the White Housebdrafted in  close cooperation with the industry officialsbis so extraordinarily  broad that it would provide retroactive immunity for all past telecom  actions related to the surveillance program. Its practical effect,  they argue, would be to shut down any independent judicial or state  inquires into how the companies have assisted the government in  eavesdropping on the telephone calls and e-mails of U.S. residents in  the aftermath of the September 11 terror attacks.
bItbs clear the goal is to kill our case," said Cindy Cohn, legal  director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a San Francisco-based  privacy group that filed the main lawsuit against the telecoms after  The New York Times first disclosed, in December 2005, that President  Bush had approved a secret program to monitor the phone conversations  of U.S. residents without first seeking judicial warrants. The White  House subsequently confirmed that it had authorized the National  Security Agency to conduct what it called a bterrorist surveillance  programb aimed at communications between suspected terrorists  overseas and individuals inside the United States. But the  administration has also intervened, unsuccessfully so far, to try to  block the lawsuit from proceeding and has consistently refused to  discuss any details about the extent of the programbrebuffing  repeated congressional requests for key legal memos about it.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-01-26 05:48:07
@_author: Robert J. Berger 
@_subject: No subject 
[Could the "hazardous materials" be plutonium? It has been used to  power space devices in lieu of solar.  - Rob]
Defunct Spy Satellite Falling From Orbit
By EILEEN SULLIVAN Associated Press Writer
Jan 26th, 2008 | WASHINGTON -- A large U.S. spy satellite has lost  power and propulsion and could hit the Earth in late February or  March, government officials said Saturday.
The satellite, which no longer can be controlled, could contain  hazardous materials, and it is unknown where on the planet it might  come down, they said. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity  because the information is classified as secret.
"Appropriate government agencies are monitoring the situation," said  Gordon Johndroe, a spokesman for the National Security Council.  "Numerous satellites over the years have come out of orbit and fallen  harmlessly. We are looking at potential options to mitigate any  possible damage this satellite may cause."
He would not comment on whether it is possible for the satellite to be  perhaps shot down by a missile. He said it would be inappropriate to  discuss any specifics at this time.
A senior government official said that lawmakers and other nations are  being kept apprised of the situation.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
