
@_date: 1994-02-04 14:25:20
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Running regularly 
Hal sez:
If you run into this, there is a sneaky way to do it if you have a
friend somewhere that doesn't restrict at or crontab and if your system
provides elm and will will honor a .forward file.  Have your friend set
up a crontab that mails you a short note with some header
characteristic that the filter program for elm can recognize via the
filter-rules file and kick off an invocation of whatever you want to do
each time it recieves one of these notes.  Sneaky but it works.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-05 10:20:14
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Some stuff about Diffie-Hellman (and more :-) 
In the Diffie-Hellman exchange there is a well-known-prime, w, and a
well-knwon-modulus, m.  For those interested that don't know I think
it then proceeds as follows (don't have notes in front of me so please
someone correct me if I'm misremembering it) where ** is the power or
exponentiation operator and % is the modulus operator:
Carol and Bob have the same K because:
b from B, within computational reason (the root modulus being as
difficult as factoring), nor c from C, and because K cannot be determined from B and C without knowing b or c, she is screwed.
Now, the tutorial over :-), the question is; is there a "standard"
well-known-prime, w, and a "standard" well-known-modulus, m, and if
not, let's define one.  I suppose that PGP uses a well known pair but
they are big and not easy to hand around without going through media (I
think.)  When defined algorithmically they might be easier to actually
incorporate in a program or a product than great big numbers.  If this
has not been done, I propose a simply stated algorithm for finding a
"standard" w and m that will allow interoperation among all future
implementations of D-H as follows:
I leave a "standard" for m up for discussion because I don't have
the material in front of me that tells the criterion for selecting
strong m's and there are some considerations.  I would like it to
be algoritmically defined though using standard long modulus, long
integer arthmetic and some small, easy to remember number.
Whatcha think?
Oh, for those of you that actually code this stuff like me, I have
Lenstra's long integer function package in C that I "ported" from K&R
to ANSI and edited and reorganized the documentation in the process.  I
interacted with him in that process and it is a stable and reliable
package.  This was a year ago so he has most likely added to it by now
but this snapshot I have is very complete and has way more than is
needed to do nearly anything in crypto.  And it is by Lenstra himself!
A cool guy BTW.  The problem:  I did have to make some changes to
macros and sundry things to ANSIfy it and may have introduced errors.
It runs his demonstration programs that are part of the package and
gives the correct results and these programs exercise a good part of
it, especially the areas I had to mess with.  BUT: I have not had the
time to sit down and look hard at a true verification suite and he
doesn't have one either. So, caveat emptor, I offer this package (and
the original from which it was derived) to *one* person that can put it
in a relevant ftp site.  Is that you, Sameer?
BTW, D-H is useless across a medium in which there can be an active
snoop or spoof as I guess we call him.  Whit, Marty and Ron agree as of
a discussion a year ago.  The spoof just has a pair of boxes and
separately negotiates a session with Bob and one with Carol so that
clear text passes between his pair.  There is no way in theory to
detect the presence of our friendly spoof.  :-)
I've found a solution to this that is more than sufficiently secure in
practice and even theoretically secure in most practical situations.
I'm not sure what to do with it.  I would like to retire on it though
(and get a couple "voluntary income tax" liens off my back :-) and
perhaps even endow some kind of institute.  Actually I worry more about
being retired because of it if you get my paranoid drift.  I guess that
is why I'm lettin' y'all know about it here first.  I am also curious
about how you folks here feel about someone wanting to personally
benefit financially from an algorithm/protocol invention/discovery like
this but I don't want nor will get into any flame war.  :-(

@_date: 1994-02-05 10:50:16
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: doj_escrow_intercept.procedures (fwd) 
Wow! That procedure, if it could be verified to be followed, is almost
good enough to satisfy my queasy feeling that some *very dificult* and
*very publicly* accessable means of opening a back door might just not
be appropriate.  Even though this goes strongly against my personal
interest I can envision situations where I would want them to have that
ability.  Imagine that it is your city that gets a terrorist nuke built
in one of its basements.  Truly secure and easy communication makes
that a whole lot easier but then since a truly secure box is real
simple to make, it sort of obviates the reasoning for trying to do the
standardization anyway.  Anybody who really wants absolute security
will be able to get it at some price that won't be too high.  :-)
I would like to propose us the challenge to come up with a way
utilizing this crypto technology and signatures and such to guarantee a
verifiable trail whenever it is done that is available to any court
of law.  The implication is clear that other forms will be outlawed
if this package is sold.  No point in even doing it otherwise.  So
in case they win this one I suggest that, as Tom Lehrer talks about
on his album Revisited, we "Be Prepared."  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-05 11:35:40
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Mr. President,
I am watching with great interest the activity with regard to cyrpto
regulation and have an observation I would like to share.  The
following was excerpted from the Harris statement:
While I totally understand the concern here and am in sympathy with the
reasoning, assuming benign adherence to the procedures, I think you are
in effect jousting windmills with this attempt to control or regulate
crypto.  It is simply too easy to build and distribute inexpensive
devices that are *truly secure*, without back doors to make it other
than delusional to think that the people that we would not want to have
this technology won't.  A device can be made right now at lower cost
than a computer modem, much lower, that could be inserted between any
phone and the wall that would make it impossible, no matter what laws
are in place, to tap either passively or acitively, communication that
passes between two of these devices.  I know how to do it, could do it
and probably will just for the fun of it at least.  If I can there are
many others that can also.  In fact I personally know several.  These
devices can be credit card size and even fit in a wallet.  They can
easily be smuggled in and will be.  A black market will flourish and
nothing will have been accomplished except the expenditure of a lot of
futile money and creation of more crime in an inflated, lucrative
We simply must accept that point-to-point secure communication is a
part of our electronic environment and swallow the bitter pill that no
matter what the valid arguments are for regulation, it is effectively
not possible, so that national security and law enforcement are going
to be denied, in the near future, a tool in their arsenel and will have
to come up with new ways of gathering this intelligence.
Please abandon this effort before we throw good money after bad and
create a worse situation than we will have without it.
I would like whoever processes this email to forward a copy to the
following contact.
Bob Cain

@_date: 1994-02-05 11:45:41
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: CERT advisory 
Eric Hughes sez:
This isn't true of anything but the aether itself or a point to point
wire with integrity.  In any switched or networked system with routing,
active interception is trivial.  That is why D-H has a lower level
of applicability than generally considered.
Yes, the one time key usage is an important factor in the D-H.
Nothing can be determined from one session that will help in
breaking another.

@_date: 1994-02-05 12:20:41
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: doj_escrow_intercept.procedures (fwd) 
Mike McNally sez:
Hmmm, others have been having that problem lately.  :-)
Yes, after long consideration that, that as I said runs counter to my
self interest, I had to come to the conclusion first that is was in
fact desirable to have a means to tap.  It should be very difficult
though and verifiable.
It makes it easier for any clandestine plan to be established and
carried out.  This is the greatest fear they have.  Arbitrary networks
of people with arbitrary purposes can be securely formed world wide
within the limits of the trust inherent in the people.  Can you spell
r e v o l u t i o n?  It's not me that's paranoid, it's them.  :-)
Yep.  It would take me about three months of full time effort and
would be almost a single chip.  I am not the only one by any means.
Well, if it is as easy as I contend to make devices that are truly
secure all the people that they would want to be able to monitor
would undoubtedly have one.
No, I think now that Clipper is ultimately stupid.  I do think that if
it were *not* possible to easily get around it (black market probably,
remember the "blue boxes" of yore :-) and not possible probably to even
detect the illegal device's use (just use it as a front end to a
Clipper :-), then an escrow system which was benign (I realize some
think that an oxymoron) would be a good idea.
Whenever they use whatever process they may set up to allow back
door entry.  I'm wondering if something analogous to a paper
trail could be guaranteed using our technology.  I don't know
if that is possible but have an inkling that it is.
Or learn to write better.  I'm workin' on it.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-08 14:22:03
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Mike McNally sez:
'Fraid not.  I want to patent it and profit from it.  As a
hardware/software development engineer I stand diametrically opposed to
the FSF gang.
Well, making it credit card sized and cheaper than a modem is not all
that difficult.  An AT&T VSELP chip based on their DSP1616 with some
firmware added for primative modem capability, some firmware for the
encryption and a couple of codec chips fits the bill nicely.  I do have
a breakthrough though and that is in the area of a key exchange
protocol that can detect an active spoof, a problem unsolvable in theory
(at least in the opinion of Whit Diffie, Marty Hellman and Ron Rivest)
but solvable to any desired degree of confidence in practice.  In fact
in the most common situation that I would expect it to be used, it is
provably secure against a spoof.  I can't say any more about how that
works but some fine mathematicians and some crypto names most of you
know have witnessed and validated it.

@_date: 1994-02-08 14:52:02
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Some stuff about Diffie-Hellman (and more :-) 
Hal sez:
That'll teach me to write these things purely from memory without
my references.
Yes, I remember that now about w but I believe that m should be prime.
Absolutely correct.
Again, correct.
Oops, one more check of those equations and that would probabaly have
jumped out at me.  Sorry for swapping them (but as a newbie here I now
know that you folks have your chops (a drumming term) when it comes
to the math of this stuff.)
Well, any two pair of boxes that are going to employ this have to use
the same numbers obviously so they will be available to crunch any
given exchange against and the only thing anyone can "focus their
efforts" on is the exchange itself and I don't think knowing w amd
m for a long time helps that problem any.
I am just think that a pair should be selected, every implementation
should use them to help with interoperability and they should be
defined with simply stated, remembered and coded algorithms rather
than just a long string of digits.
Ah, I assumed it did somewhere because Phil and I had a fair bit of
email about this last year and he convinced me that D-H was the way to
go because cracking one session gives no help toward breaking the next
Maybe larger but I'll bet a lot easier to remember.  :-)  The slowness
need not be a factor since a developer only need generate them once and
save them in non-volatile ram which will be required for public keys
anyway.  If they just exist as numbers, we have to get them on some
media that we can then use to transfer them into a device or type them
in.  It just seems easier if a simple algorithm could be specified.
I'm not anal about this I just thought it an easier way and one that
is more likely to insure interoperability.

@_date: 1994-02-08 15:27:02
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Some stuff about Diffie-Hellman (and more :-) 
smb at research.att.com sez:
Hey, some of us have forgotton there are other number bases than
binary.  :-)
I don't remember that a good w depends on m but if a well-known m
could be calculated that is prime and big enough (I suggested a way
to do this via algorithm) then it seems you are saying that a w
would then follow algoritmically from the choice of m.  Right?
With a little luck you shall.  I want to apply for a patent on it
first but have been reluctant (as well as too poor) to file because
I fear it being snagged at the application stage by the national
security laws that I am told allow them to do that and stamp it
top secret.  Can anybody verify or debunk that?
Yes, when there is private sharing of any info, several means exist
that are secure but that leaves the problem of exchanging this info
securely in the first place.  My method obviates the need for any prior
exchange.  I have ftp'ed your papers and mailed them to where I have a
PostScript printer.  I'm anxious to see what you have done.
Yep, it has been found wanting.  There was some strong reason I found
it not applicable to my voice application but without my notes I cannot
recall it.  I spoke with Ron about that at last year's RSA conference
and he concurred.  Damned aging memory.  :-(

@_date: 1994-02-08 15:47:03
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: CERT advisory 
Eric Hughes sez:
I (and some others with credentials) think I have solved it.  I wish
I could be more specific and will be as soon as I can with the idea under
some form of protection.  As soon as I file, cypherpunks will be the
first to get the details.  I am not no much trying to be a tease as to
tease out any possible solutions to this that I may not be aware of.
sci.crypt is not the place for unsubstantiated claims and I hope for
a bit more tolerance here.  We are on the same side, I just wish to
profit from it so I can bankroll a few backlogged ideas.  Bootstraping
is a bitch.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-08 16:10:53
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Perry E. Metzger sez:
Remember that a "modem" such as we are used to is a much more complex
device (at least the firmware, and you do pay for that :-) than what is
required for simply modulating and demodulating a fixed rate, framed
bit stream.
Today's modem chip sets invariably have a general purpose microprocessor
to do all the Hayes type stuff and a DSP to do the actual bit stream
modulation/demodulation (and digital filtering and echo cancelation,
etc.) where my device can be the DSP alone and requires no RS232 ports
or the like.  This will result in a saving.  In short, what is
required for a voice-only device such as I am initially thinking about
is a subset of what is required for a computer modem.

@_date: 1994-02-08 16:17:02
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Some stuff about Diffie-Hellman (and more :-) 
Perry E. Metzger sez:
Now wait a minute, Perry.  If a device is going to use other than a set of known moduli or even just one, how are two devices going to each
know what the other is using without a listner knowing?  I think it is
pretty much agreed that devices that use "secret" numbers are not very
practical.  What you say seems to indicate that D-H as we know and
love it has been rendered obsolete because it depends on the modulus
being known.  What am I missing?

@_date: 1994-02-08 17:07:14
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Perry E. Metzger sez:
Once again, what we call a modem today has gobs of bells and whistles
in firmware and hardware that a simple voice->bits->wierd-bits->anlog
and it's inverse is a whole lot simpler at many levels than today's
modems.  In fact it doesn't even require 9600 baud with CELP or VSELP
which is wonderful since overseas sessions at that speed are iffy at
best I have found.  Compare the price of a 4800 baud modem today with
what we now call "modems."
No, not cheaper, just viable.  :-)
We shall see.  I contend that with this I can establish a spoof-proof
point to point with a total stranger to any desired probability that
a spoof could not be there without disclosing him/her.  It is not hard
for me to envision, especially in business situations, how such a
thing would be more than useful.
There really is no point in arguing this until I can present it.
There are two reasons I mentioned it.  The first is that I wanted
to see if there have been any other breakthroughs in the time I have had this on the shelf and the second reason is private.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-08 17:22:11
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Perry E. Metzger sez:
Please embarass me.  Do you always approch things with the hostility
I am sensing, Perry?  I've heard this about you but this is the first
time I've run into it myself.  :-)
Yes, every chip set and DSP on the market in excruciating detail.  It
was only recently that I realized that I could use a simpler, cheaper
solution.  I'm an EE as well as programmer and I've actually got bills
of materials and schematics for this.  I'm not guessing.
And I'll be very happy to surprise you when the political dust has
settled, when I am satisfied that a patent filing isn't going to be
stamped so that even I can't look at it or talk about it legally and
when I find the bucks to patent it and build one.
I keep saying I won't argue and then I do.  :-)  Time for me to put up
or shut up.  I've tested these waters to my satisfaction and from the
feedback here believe that my solution is still non-obvious (until you
see it :-)  So, I'll be back to discuss this further when I can freely.

@_date: 1994-02-08 17:27:12
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Some stuff about Diffie-Hellman (and more :-) 
Perry E. Metzger sez:
Ah.  Now I understand what you meant.
Good idea.  Think I'll steal it.  I'll just let the little beastie
search for good ones while it isn't doing anything else and isn't
running off its batteries.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-09 13:17:27
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Mike McNally sez:
No, I am doing the same kind of thing as most people, using my protocol
to exchange an IDEA key for the actual real-time decrencr.  (Short word
I just coined for decryptor/encryptor as in modem or codec :-)

@_date: 1994-02-09 13:47:26
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Talking to strangers (was: Crypto Regulation Reform) 
Mike McNally sez:
Love it!  I don't know the full Detweiler story, could someone fill me
in via email?
I missed Matthew's post somehow but, yes, I am asserting that you can be
speaking with someone you have not spoken to before and can go secure
at any point in the conversation.  You can see how useful this could
be to business.  Many large companies have spent bundles on secure
phone systems within their organizations yet are still vulnerable
when making calls across company boundries.  With my widget it's quite
easy to provide this in a distributed way, only to those individuals
that require it and it crosses company boundries securely as well.
Until the full functionality is in an ASIC, the cost, while lower than
a computer modem, is still not yet what a large mass of the public
would dish out so I am counting on business from business to make it
cheap enough to be easily affordable by folks like you and I.
BTW I agree totally with an earlier post that all I have presented so
far is vapor and unsubstantiated assertions.  Why bother talkin' at all
now when I've been sittin' on it for a year?  I really do have my
reasons and they are objective, some having to do with fear of
"interference" from the fed.  Perhaps more on them in the future.  All
will become clear.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-09 14:02:27
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Jay R. Freeman sez:
I really appreciate that.  The reception here to the possiblity of
something we all wish for has astonished me with its negativity.  In
some cases it has gone *way* beyond healthy skepticism which I would
expect.  Hey, I'm on the same side as you guys!  It is in fact the
other side that prevents me from full disclosure.  This thing would be
in the patent mill and fully disclosed were it not for my fear that it
will be classified at the filing stage and supressed.  Grok?  I am
still stumped by this uncertainty and not quite ready to simply give it
away.  If I could somehow find out whether it will be or won't be
classified without actually filing all the details we'd be off to the
races.  If I were absolutely certain it would be classified I would
simply give it away here or elsewhere rather than file.  Conversely if
I were certain it would not be classified I would simply file and it
would be available in that form for your contemplation whether or
not they decide to ultimately grant it.  It's a real catch 22 for me.

@_date: 1994-02-09 19:14:58
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Testing 
to see if 20 some copies of this note also go to the list.  Sorry about
that last one, I've never had that problem from netcom before and sorta
suspect it is the list software.

@_date: 1994-02-09 19:20:14
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Sameer sez:
Right, spend a bunch of money for nothing and risk prison for "espionage".
I think that is what they charge you with when you release classified
info.  No thanks, Sameer.  There isn't an anonymous mailer yet that I
would trust and do you honestly think my account (hell, my life) would
not be monitored if such a classification were to occur?
I do have an idea though that might satisfy the skeptics.  I will
divulge the method to *one* of you for evaluation that is considered
capable and trusted by this community at large under a non-disclosure
agreement if my attorney says there is such a thing that can be written
between individuals which has teeth.  If anybody wants to take me up on
this, first get permission from the individual and email me the name
and email address.  He/she must have PGP and it must reside on a stand
alone machine connected only by a modem to another machine on the net.
Fair enough?  I would prefer someone that has followed everything in
crypto though for a few years to help me determine if there is in fact
any prior art I am not aware of.  That was one of the reasons I brought
it up here, to see if I would get a bunch of "It's already been done"
responses.  None so far.
In fact if that person is the creative type and can bring something
to the party (I think there is a way to make it even more secure
between strangers but I haven't been able to tease it out of my brain completely yet) I would conider co-filing with that person.

@_date: 1994-02-13 10:31:14
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Duncan Frissell sez:
It is just this kind of thing that does in fact give me big qualms when
considering the enormous consequences of unleashing inexpensive, easy
to use, hard voice crypto that is accessible to anyone.  I'm not really
being a devil's advocate, I'm just sincerely concerned.  Sure, this guy
may have a nonsense plan or a workable one or perhaps none at all
It could be the Pandora's box awaiting the opening that the cold war
years never quite showed the balls to attempt.  In this unstable and
angry world with people obviously standing ready to do *anything* they
can to get their way, is it appropriate to help them accomplish their
deadly and reckless methods?  I dunno, but when you feel you hold the
key to this in your head and respected people think so too it really
make you *stop* and think.
On the other hand it is inevitable so why be personally concerned.
Peace and Love,

@_date: 1994-02-13 21:11:17
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Actively Sabotaging Clipper and Capstone? (fwd) 
Sameer sez:
Not yet.  Just a kneejerk so far.  They have decided they have the
power, though.  They have court decisions to back that up.  If the administration decides to "just say no" they have shown us
in the last few days that they can and will.
Easily.  By using it for the purpose of distibuting hard public keys.
Willingly or not, they have solved that problem.  :-)
Tim, I think that those of the big brother mentality who are left
are doing that just fine all by themselves.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-14 10:05:23
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: decrencr or crypdec? 
FutureNerd Steve Witham sez:
Much better!  I like it.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-14 23:41:33
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: PGP 
It has been said:
I would like to emphasize that it is useless and a jeopardy to those
who communicate with anyone on a public connect service such as Netcom
using PGP.  The *only* way that PGP can be used effectively is to run
it on a local computing resource like a PC that is *not* directly
connected to the net.  It is irresponsible to use it otherwise.
I don't mean to flame.  The danger and futility of using PGP on a
multi-user, networked system seems non-obvious to a lot of folks.

@_date: 1994-02-15 00:21:35
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: The Clipper connection 
hkhenson at cup.portal.com sez:
What if they need it to contain problems at hand, not just coming?
Many in this community kneejerk into "they are wrong" or "they are bad"
without regard to consideration of circumstance.  If you grew up with
the good guys that had a *lot* of power in the face of the bad guys
that had a *lot* of power you might not dismiss the kind of
considerations that were left behind by all that.  I actually remember
and understand why privacy went by the wayside as a very pragmatic
consequence of a battle that was being fought, perhaps in the
imaginations of the adversaries, but with the real potential of no
chance of a defense.
That power and ability over privacy was and is still being abused,
however, by people and agencies with a much more equivocal reason and
right to do so.  I don't think that because of those idiots I want us
to rebound into another form of idiocy quite yet.  Again, I really
dunno but I have a lot of things I want to consider besides rebelion
for its own sake against many abuses of a possibly requisite power.
If this administration has the perspicacity that it has appeared to
have so far then it *must* consider whether the reckless use of means
to shave us of any and all privacy that it has shown is in its best
interest.  The consequence of continued abuse of that power will
ultimately result in their loss of it.  Hell, it is penultimate now.
You should not be fighting the clipper to my thinking.  It need never
carry anything more than occasional public keys or disguise the use of
a better crypdec to work to the ends that folks in this group want.
Think about what clipper can *do* for you rather than what it
prevents.  I am sure somebody up there is aware of this conundrum.
It concerns me.
I absolutely agree.  It has been her voice, sometimes off key, and only
recently hysterical that has kept me within thinking distance of the
problems that could arise.

@_date: 1994-02-16 09:05:15
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: AT&T stopped talking to me 
I don't know if there is any signifigance to this or it is incompetence.
I was in discussion with a rep for AT&T about their VSELP part and
getting the firmware development software to add crypto to the part.
(Don't even need hardware, the simulator is supposed to be so good.)
This rep had put me in touch with the local AT&T marketing person
for the part in order to handle some questions he couldn't.  Things
were going along pretty well until the AT&T fellow asked me what
my application was.  I was queasy about answering that question and
rightfully so.  I felt a sudden change of attitude from the guy when I
told him it was to implement my voice crypto and I have gotten nowhere
with them since.  I asked for the complete datasheet for the part and
received instead the same two page summary I already had.  There is no
way one could design in this part with the info in that marketing blurb
so something else *must* exist.  I cannot get them to even return a call
any more.  I left a message on the men's phone mail detailing that I
was ready to purchase the development software and wanted to meet
briefly to discuss that and explain the real design information I need
for the part.  I have been unable to get either to return my calls.  In
my last conversation with the AT&T guy he was trying to discourage me,
telling me that to get any support for this firmware development
required some kind of market study showing that the application would
result in the sale of 100,000+ of the devices.  I told him that I saw
little problem with that number and anticipated potentially ten times
that quantity or more over the life of the product.  :-)
I dunno, maybe it is coincidence but it sure seems to me that AT&T's
willingness to sell to me and help support a product development
vanished at the point when I mentioned crypto.
Steve B., since you are with AT&T is there any policy that you know
about regarding sales of devices for use in crypto?

@_date: 1994-02-16 09:25:09
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Precedent for PGP legality 
Timothy C. May sez:
It is true that there was a great deal of enmity between RSA's
president, Jim Bidzos, and Phil but that was just starting to thaw a
year or so ago when I let Jim know that Phil was interested in
licensing RSA's patents (for those that haven't bothered to check,
RSA's fees are incredibly reasonable) because there were some
businesses interested in using PGP that wouldn't because of its
geurillaware status.  I believe that they worked something out or Phil
would not have been pursuing the commercial work he got busted/hassled
for by the fed.  I don't think that RSA deserves any suspicion with
regard to Phil's troubles.
Yes, I was told by a patent attorney that the way we use PGP is
not within the experimental guideline and we are probably standing
in violation of these patents.  Not that that means much, RSA is not about to joust windmills by trying to mess with anybody.
A whole lot of precedent for this.  It is in effect one way that the
federal government helps support research without direct taxation.
I read recently that Stanford rakes in an obscene amount each year
from the patents it holds but I really have no problem with that
since it benefits education as a whole.
That's funny, in a weak moment *he* told me that a year ago.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-28 21:01:46
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Denning 
Ron Rivest sez:
Fine till here.  :-)
I found it subtle and persuasive.
We agree here.  Unless the use of other, harder methods are explicitly
denied Clipper makes no sense at all.  It is too easy to compete with.
Just come up with something cheaper that doesn't require escrow and
sell the thing.  Poof Clipper.  Clipper is alive I think for other
The obvious conjecture is the ratio of unauthorized to authorized
wiretaps each year.  It is not the authorized ones that has the various
intelligence gathering orgainizations worried.  At best it can be a
conjecture but I am certainly of the belief that if LE or NS wanted to
find a reason to nail one for something, his phone, tap authorized or
not, would lead them right to it.  Thus I think that wiretaps are far
more prevalent than we can know because it is too easy to use them in a
"transparent way".
This is one reason why, I believe, that we can't be told the importance
of this, as Dr. Denning states.  That would reveal it's usage as well
as its effectiveness.  A lot of people would not like the numbers.
One reason for the Clipper is to give the public an alernative it
could live with which would not allow what is perceived as excess if
run properly but still be available to protect them in warented cases.
This analogy has power because the whole question now really becomes
what level of intrusion is acceptable.  Only a judgement call here
based on personal politics is possible, I am afraid.
Aw, C'mon, out of the ballpark and right of right field.  :-)
This, as above, is a level of intrusion decision.
Hmmm, this one has me paused.  Back again.  Ok, what is the cost
benefit ratio?  I want to be pragmatic about this and hopefully not
ideological but it will probably sound simply paranoid.  The benefit is
that we citizens of the world now gain the abiblity to be in the same
room together, for any intent or purpose, wherever we might be in
the world.  The cost of this ability remains to be seen but Dr.
Denning believes it to be very high.  It is certainly revolutionary
in every sense of the word.  :-)
The benefit to business is obvious, yawn, and to illicit lovers, hmmm,
but to the average person, personal security could be used as an
argument for giving up personal privacy so long as it was sufficiently
hard to invade that privacy (which it obviously isn't now.)
Perhaps, but for another reason.  It is now just too plain easy to make
an alternative box with real security which is capable of Clipper
piggyback that it makes any sense to have Clipper at all unless the
other shoe drops which all babblings so far say won't.  Unless other
forms are outlawed, Clipper has a decidedly short lifetime.  If other
forms are outlawed, only outlaws will have them, and have them they
will.  If the Blue Boxes of the '60s and '70's could be blue marketed
for fair sums,  imagine the black market in easy to use Black Boxes.
Agreed.  A better escrow method involving at least two of the branches
would be preferable.  Pretty hard to involve congress so that leaves
the judiciary and the executive.  Something could be made to work here
I think.
Yes, but it sure helps.  If the judiciary holds one half and only will
combine it with the other if *it* makes the decision to allow the tap
then we would seem to have a system that works the way that many want.
Abuse is possible of any system that man creates and this one is not
immune by any means but it could be made very difficult.
My hope would be that the judiciary act as the throtle or governer
of government that it was designed to be.  Granted one can argue
at length as to how well it has remained detached and fulfilled that
role but it is still the best alternative.
I have absolutely no argument with this in theory.  Ron, it is a very
good defense but for the difference in media.  To ignore the difference
between the medium of a door and the medium of a communications channel
is naive.  If you merely consider them as two forms of communication
your analogy breaks immediately.
I totally disagree.  To me it is self obvious that if there were
problems that just our knowing would make worse it would be a good
idea that we not know about them.  National security with the vast
dollars spent on the problem understands.  I think this resistance
from Dr. Denning is a function of her gnowing.
I know how unpopular it has become to consider the U.S. government
as anything but idiots but I am not so sure about that.  You here
admit to being of the "punk" thinking.  What if this is an issue
that is beyond the ability of a punk to really know anything about
at all?
I look forward to more.  Please include cypherpunks on your Cc: list.
Yeah, you are are guaranteed a volume of bullshit but there are some
smart people there too.
You didn't mention respond.  I hope that is ok.  :-)

@_date: 1994-03-01 17:32:27
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Insecurity of public key crypto #2 (reply to May) 
Peter Davidson sez:
Ah, yes.  The man in the middle again.  If a protocol existed that
could guarantee detection of the man in the middle, then it would only
need be used once with each conversant to exchange public keys reliably.
The whole problem of public key distribution would then be solved.
As many of you know, I believe such a protocol exists.  :-)
Without this detection capability in some form, public key has few
advantages except that you only need one of them.  A signfigant
advantage, I admit but it doesn't seem to solve anything.  Exchanging
keys between point A and point B requires a chain of trust with no
possibility of a man in the middle, not the sort of thing people want
to mess with.

@_date: 1994-03-01 18:56:26
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: clipper + enaction = illegal alternate encryption 
VACCINIA at UNCVX1.OIT.UNC.EDU sez:
I do not think so.  It is perceived at very high levels that this
simply won't fly.  Y'all have been pretty effective at creating an
initial negative impression within the press that is being accepted by
John and Jane Q. public.  Congrats.  It is felt that already there has
been too much bad press to counteract even with good arguments.  If it
happens I don't think it will be a matter of legislation but executive
order that will stand the scrutiny of private consultation with
congress and the flak this early publicity will generate.  The latter
is just a guess but I do know that the Clipper proponents are not at
all encouraged and feel the need for it in the most sincere and
concerned ways for what I think are very good reasons.  Personally I
don't think they will do anything to prevent our opening Pandora's Box
simply because they are outflanked and know it but they have considered
things they can't say in public that are creating much fear not only
within this government but quite recently among many governments.  It
is not dope dealers or racketeers these governments are worried about.
This could work except that if exchanges are interactive so that a D-H
type protocol can be used to generate one time session keys, using the
RSA PK's only to do this securely, then yielding one's private key gives
no ability to decrypt any prior interactive sessions.  For documents
this line of enforcement could work but for conversation it is useless.
Except that if you use Clipper too they will have no reason to suspect
that you might be using something hard going into it until they have
done the escrow thing and by then you are probably in pretty deep
anyway if the escrow method works as described and probably guilty of
something pretty serious.
There really is a strong argument from their side that says if one must
use a form that is immune from a compromise like well escrowed keys one
is *way* more than likely to be discussing something most of us would
want LE or NS to know about.  I know that argument is anathema here
but I am finding it more and more compelling.

@_date: 1994-03-01 20:09:35
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning 
bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 sez:
I could not agree more.  I would rather see her ideas discussed though
than flamed.
I spoke with her at some length today and later with a man she
recommended I also speak with that is an Assistant to the Director at
the NSA.  It *is* a question of who should be able to benefit from it
but not because they are conerned about any of us here.  More later.
She won't come out and say that because that is not at all what she
believes.  She is not even looking at us much or giving much thought
to the Bad Things we might do.  Her scope is much larger than "us."
I wish I could get across to you all how this C) kind of attack affects
even people of her stature and public standing.  This is a very poor
charactature of her as I found her in discussion or have found her
writings.  She is calm, reasonable, not in the least a hard liner and I
haven't seen a trace of the personality traits you give a basis for.
Yes, she is very frustrated, even depressed sounding, because she
cannot seem to find a way to convey the reality of her concern without
it being distorted or pulled into a ridiculous context and yes she is
frustrated because she clearly sees the problems facing Clipper.
What has not been discussed here very much and what I felt going into
the conversations with these people is that they *can't* tell us what
they are afraid of.  It is not a matter of won't.  The conversations
bore this out.   We have been concentrating on in our discussion here
on how much they fear the loss of a power they have gotten used to and
abused to where we find it offensive.  That is not nearly so much
what they fear.  It is the *unknown*.  It is pretty hard to make public
statements like that.
The real issue is that this is an *enabling* technology that allows any
group of people distributed over the world to meet spontaneously in
secret to plan anything.  I don't think we can even conceive, nor have
they yet, the ways the real Bad Guys (I hope we can agree that some
do exist) might find to use this new ability.  A very clear danger is
sensed in Washington with little real benefit to the civilized and
civil majority.
In fact, the reason I began to have the qualms about this that I have
been expressing lately (besides being in a position to open this
Pandora's Box myself now) is that the reason I started looking at
crypto a couple of years ago was that I was in an extremely agitated,
nearly revolutionary state during the period slightly before the LA
riots and for a while thereafter and I came to the conclusion that this
system needed to be brought down, simple.  I felt that this could be
pulled off, in fact, if a method of secure voice communication could be
established that would *enable* country wide planning and
synchronization.  Think about it.  Well, my politics have changed
considerably for several reasons but I well remember my initial motive
for studying crypto and looking for a solution to the man in the middle
that didn't require any passwords or prior agreement.  I have not,
however, lost the belief that dedicated revolutionaries could use it to
create havoc not just here but world wide and that could just be the tip
of the iceberg.
I don't know what the solution is though and I don't think that Dr.
Denning, President Clingon or the NSA really has one.  The cat is out
of the bag now and they seem to realize to their near depression that
it won't go back in.  I requested the phone meeting with her because I
needed to discuss these moral issues with someone that I felt was
looking a bit more deeply into it all.  I am not sure what I am going
to do.  I no longer really want to be the one to open the box with
something easy to use and foolproof but I know that it is just a matter
of time before someone else meanders down the path I found so why act
on my personal concerns only to lose the chance to be the first out of
the gate.  I asked these questions and ran into heavy sighs.  I believe
it is well understood that only voluntary means of controling this
exist and that liklihood is very small.  Persuasion is not working and
the press has been whipped into a near hysterical state over this by we
and our friends (yes, we on the internet are considered to be the force
that has derailed their hopes and that was unforseen.)
As is obvious I don't consider this government to be a monolithic
antagonistic entity out to strip us of rights.  Sure it has happened in
areas but they are reasonably isolated areas.  There are *many* people
in this rather diverse government and in an advising capacity to it
whose sole concern is our safety and these people are worried.  I find
it interesting that there are many people here who lack the imagination
to understand that there probably are a goodly number of reasons for
rightly feeling the need for a Clipper like solution and that it would
not be appropriate for the government to be public about them.  Why is
that so difficult to understand in these times of international strife,
terror and technology?

@_date: 1994-03-02 18:48:31
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Clipper (Re: Dorothy Denning) 
bill.stewart at pleasantonca.ncr.com +1-510-484-6204 sez:
Me too.  I would like to substitute a bit.
No argument there.  :-)
It's not at all clueless, offensive or unAmerican and it still probably
won't win.  It represents nothing more or less than a studied and
earnest offer of a method that can compromise so as to give society the
potential benefit of the technology while also giving us the protection
that it is and has been their job to give.  All that they can do in fact,
and they know this, is to attempt to persuade people to voluntarily leave
them with that ability.
The most valuable thing that Clipper is doing I think is showing the
unscrupulous and scrupulous within government (and I still believe the
unscrupulous to be a small subset even though I think there are entire
agencies without scruples) what messing with the people in the fashion
of unconvicted forfiture, can cause.  I mean c'mon, who is going to
believe that a group who can and will take all of a person's belongings
and sell them before convicting the person and not return them on
aquittal will stop short of arbitrary, fishing expedition privacy
invasion?  I hope that those in the NSA, the intelligence community and
the military, who see the now potentially disasterous consequences of
the actions of a few of their cousins in government like the DEA, will
slap them around a bit.  They could ya' know.  If it were not for
clowns like those who have seeemed to a very large segment of society
to have run totally amuck I think there would not be the sturm and
drang that this issue now stirs up in groups like this.  You men and
women in and close to government who are sincerely concerned about
crypto for good reason don't have to look very far to see who created
this problem for you.  What comes 'round goes 'round is the lesson
here.  I just hope the lesson isn't as harmful to student and teacher
alike as it has the potential to be.

@_date: 1994-03-06 20:44:14
@_author: Robert Cain 
@_subject: Screen and secure sessions 
What follows is part of a dialog I am having with netcom support right
now about the use of the Screen hyper-shell.  I've been using it
between home and work and it is awesome if you have never seen it.  The
man pages for it in ascii are ~rcain/pub/screen.man if you are on
netcom and want to check out what it can do.  There is someplace here I
could put it for anon ftp if somebody could tell me the name of that
drirectory from a netcom shell.  The dialog starts as a discussion of
the problem I have with the two or three minute inactivity timeout on
the San Jose modems and is mostly about the low impact I see it having
on resource usage.
If you know all about Screen or aren't really interested in a bunch of
justification, go forward about 100 lines to get to the part that
discusses crypto.
[some stuff deleted]
Now, while all this is true in theory, in all honesty I am too deeply
involved in other things (like a day job) to actually do the
implementation I speak of but I *do* have all the tools if anybody else
wants to take a shot at writing the filters.  Since screen runs across
rlogin just fine, if this were done I could rlogin to any other machine
on the net and have a secure session across the net.  I think it could
also be made to be secure across "talk" or "irc" sessions and even
email between machines.  It could also be used as the front end to any
text based telnet port too.  So if you want to be able to dial in
securely at least and communicate with a system that is secure, and
across systems that are secure badly enough to put the time into it (or
pay me enough to quit my day job :-), here is a chance to maybe make
some history.
I think this is the right way to get a start on global network
security.  Screen offers such a rich environment for single windowed
connections already that it is a natural starting point given that it's
author has thought ahead to the kinds of filters we need.  It also
could care less what shell you run and it is transparent to the
applications running below it (from the experience I have had to date)
It is a work of art to begin with IMHO and with this crypdec capability
there would hardly be a reason not to use it since if you don't know it
and don't want to learn, you won't know Screen is there until you
invoke it's commands with the ctrl-A key (which can be changed to
anything else as an escape if you use applications that are fond of
Peace and hoping,
