
@_date: 1996-12-02 00:51:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Hurray! A good example of rational thinking ... 
A message that, as expected, is inappropriate for this subject line.
But in general, cypherpunks seems to have improved remarkably over the last couple weeks. I'd guess that the V-flames had the unintended consequence of driving off the other ranters and ravers, because they tend to lack the technical and thinking skills necessary for building You may take this as support for the Gaia Hypothesis, I suppose.

@_date: 1996-12-04 12:18:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: PRIVACY: X-No-Archive and mail.cypherpunks 
FYI, the search engines that honor an X-No-Archive header also tend to skip posts with X-No-Archive: yes as the first line of the body of the IMO this is preferable anyway, because it lets your readers know what you're doing.

@_date: 1996-12-09 19:18:18
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Advent of Netwar 
Typo. Should be:
 What's with the subject line, John? Shouldn't that be NET_war?

@_date: 1996-12-12 23:23:58
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: !! Point 'n Crypt -- Win95 Privacy for Everyone !! 
It seems you posted this everywhere but where it belongs: comp.os.ms-windows.announce. I think it's likely that the moderator
would approve the posting, even if he is annoyed.
Messages with more than one exclamation point on a line are technically off-topic, though.

@_date: 1996-12-15 23:51:51
@_author: rcgraves@ix.netcom.com 
@_subject: Carto international money-laundering/embezzlement case 
Apologies for replying to a crank whom most people are already ignoring, but I've got lots of material relating to the case of Legion v. Carto, which Dale summarizes quite wrongly, at Cypherpunk relevance: HUGE. Money laundering, reputation control, data and tax havens, libertarian and Nazi fantasies, criminal cults, and a dog named Fido. Judge Maino:
Far from Dale's preoccupation with "international joo interests," it's a case of two neo-Nazi groups suing each other over the mismanagement of an inheritance. Stir in a little CoS interest (they want to cover up Marcellus's involvement with Holocaust denial and to associate recent legal actions against the cult in Germany with the Holocaust), and it's a veritable cornucopia of fruitcakes bashing each other, all over money for which no clear accounting can be made because it was always kept at least partly underground.
Would that we could all do so well.
The judge's letter on how he saw the witnesses is *very* entertaining.
It's legion-vs-carto-letter.html in the above directory, but by all means, read it all. If you have soft copies of anything The Spotlight or any other pro-Carto rag has to say for itself, I'd be delighted to archive them, too.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-12-17 17:06:46
@_author: rcgraves@ix.netcom.com 
@_subject: Parolees limited from using computers, Internet 
[As title]
When I saw the title, I though this was a parody, but sad to say,
it's not. Why yes, the world has gone mad; it's not just Vulis.
What's next, libraries?
(Scratch that -- libraries are already censored.)
- -rich

@_date: 1996-11-01 23:36:18
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: 'what cypherpunks is about' [RANT] 
Some of us do.
But anyway... what was cypherpunks about again? I've had more focused discussions about crypto on alt.politics.white-power. Seriously.
- -rich
 boy scout/esperanza

@_date: 1996-11-01 23:37:07
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Iridium satellite xceivers idea? 
Several months ago, someone was raving about getting Linux PCs and cheap satellite comms into Hong Kong in preparation for the mainland takeover so that the ensuing human rights violations could be documented. If there's anyone left on cypherpunks who knows or cares about that kind of thing, let me know.
- -rich
 group 19

@_date: 1996-11-04 14:45:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
Geez, the traffic has quadrupled, with most of it about Vulis. Get over it already!
And so, just to add to the garbage, here's my two cents. :-)
Now, there's an Orwellian statement if ever there was one.
OF COURSE Vulis's "rights" were violated. The question is, so what? The decision was neither arbitrary nor capricious. I find the rational balancing of rights and responsibilities to be less wrong than defining away your opponent's rights.
Since AFAIK there was no precedent for kicking Vulis off, and in fact cpunks has long prided itself on absolute anarchy (especially after the victory of the Tim May [neutral term for rant] factions over the Perrygram faction), there is a "rights" issue. I think cpunks broke an implied contract guaranteeing Vulis absolute rant rights. But I also think that that's OK.
It's ironic that you're making this argument while a piece from you making the opposite argument is still on the news stands. My response to your half of the Internet Underground article can be found on Usenet, but I think the best summary of my position came in my response to the contrary point of view -- concurring in your judgement, but disagreeing with your reasoning.
- From <53i4d5$skm at Networking.Stanford.EDU>:
In this case, I think any fair investigation of the facts of the matter would clearly demonstrate that Gilmore was right to kick Vulis off, and that he was neither acting capriciously nor removing any substantive content. I do believe, though, that that's an investigation we must be prepared to accept (not that I think anyone's seriously going to ask for one, given the relative reputations of the parties involved). Granting the cpunks owner absolute property rights over the content of messages on the list, though, as you do, while strictly correct, is extremely dangerous because it gives license to all kinds of distoritions, lies, and fraud. The right of "the public" to inquire and respond must be And it has been, as all these useless threads show.
- -rich
 owner-fight-censorship-discuss at c2.net

@_date: 1996-11-05 13:42:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] If the shoe fits, wear it [VULIS] 
Correct. It's just a formal way of saying you're unwelcome, really. I agree with your objections, probably because you're attacking straw Yes, this gets to my point. Private censorship tells more about the censor than about the censored. In this case, John acted properly, and his credibility has only been enhanced. You are of course free to rant and rave about his hypocrisy, but expecially since you'll always be able to post to the list, at least under a nym (the only thing he's prevented is your reading the list under your own name), you're only proving yourself to be an idiot.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-11-05 14:40:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more [VULIS] 
And contractural principles suggest that there should be transparency in those rules.
I say you're wrong. Vulis has been denied nothing but the dignity of reading the list under his own name. He still has freedom to read under a pseudonym, and he still has freedom to post under his own name, or any Such as by notifying the list that exactly one particularly obnoxious member has been kicked off, and allowing *unlimited* discussion on the list about the impact of doing so? I think this is working.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-11-06 14:34:29
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Inquest? 
Yeah, I got it too as <2.2.32.19961104184908.00715ebc at popmail.mcs.net>. If I answer it, I'll Cc the list, but I figure he can read what I write here as easily as anyone.
Anyone who'd send this same text to both me and John Young hasn't been lurking very closely.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-11-07 12:03:06
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Is there a Win PGP? 
I think that would be cool, especially given the growth in Windoze web servers and the halting start of PGP authentication for the web.
Another WinPGP, of a sort, designed for email only, is FTP OnNet. You can get a demo from They still haven't put any real export controls in place.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-11-07 12:27:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Blocking addresses by default 
I think this threatens serious security problems for the remailer network in two ways:
1. You'd create a list of people interested in anonymous information,
   which could potentially be obtained by police or other armed thugs.
2. The traffic would go down so substantially that traffic analysis        would be trivial.
As a counterproposal, I'd like to see better disclaimers on remailed messages. The reason the people complaining are so pissed off is that the blocklists are neither advertised nor automated enough. I'd like to see disclaimers and block list instructions at the top of the body of every single message. This would be encapsulated in some mark characters so that it could easily be removed by remailer chains. E.g.,
 To: remailer at erehwon.com
 Request-Remailing-To: remailer at nowhere.com
 [message]
remailer at erehwon.com prepends the following to the message before it is sent along:
 $$
 This message was sent through the anonymous remailer network. Neither
 the operator of this remailer, remailer-op at erewhon.com, nor the
 postmaster at this site has any way of determining the source or
 filtering the content of remailer messages. No logs are kept. If you
 do not wish to receive such anonymous messages from any link in the
 remailer network, send an email message to remailer-operators at c2.net
 with subject line "block." For more information on the remailer
 network, see [Raph's list] or send email to help
 $$
remailer at nowhere.com looks for "$$" as the first line of the message, and strips everything up to the next occurrence of "$$". It then appends its own disclaimer block before sending the message to the hop (remailer or final destination).
A bit annoying, yes, but I think this would go a long way towards improving public relations. I don't see how it compromises security.
What's wrong with this scheme? Other than the fact that all remailers would have to change their software at the exact same moment. :-)
[By the way, someone told me that the Chardos remailer doesn't include Complain-To or block-list instructions anywhere, not even in X-Headers.
Is this true? I think that would be bad. [tm]]
- -rich

@_date: 1996-11-07 12:53:46
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: [NOISE] If the shoe fits, wear it [VULIS] 
I think that gets into "how many angels can dance on the head of a pin" territory, because it just isn't, and I certainly don't speak for him. 1. None of the "it was the right thing to do" crowd, which runs the
   gamut from my perspective to Sandy Sandfort's (concurring in
   conclusion, but radically different in reasoning), has said
   to indicate that such action would be totally wrong.
2. In my opinion, such action would deserve strict scrutiny -- not in      the legal sense, because it's a private matter, but from interested
   parties, yes. The "hypocrisy" and "arbitrary and capricious"
   judgements should be made and discussed by the users of the list. If
   they(we) think the action is wrong, we'd protest or leave. This is
   a question of persuasion or "voting with our feet," though, not of
   law.
Personally, I wish Vulis would just go away, permanently, and I would not consider any nonviolent, non-net-abusing means to stop his ravings inappropriate. However, I do not believe that there are any nonviolent, non-net-abusing means to stop his ravings, so we're at an impasse, as far as the cypherpunks list is concerned. I think that if this became a forum for Vulis-bashing, and he were unable to respond, then that would be very wrong; but I just don't see that happening. I can think of several examples where that kind of thing has happened, some of which I thought were reasonable (given the way the relevant forums were advertised), others of which I thought showed the moderator to be an intolerant, hypocritical asshole.
Given the facts of this case, I do not consider John to be an intolerant, hypocritical asshole. Given your hypothetical, and speaking only of Vulis, not of "others similarly situated," I would think no less of John if he were to decide to implement the technically impossible, provided that there was procedural transparency. I.e., announcing what had happened and allowing discussion of what happened was the right thing to do. Only if he kicked people off without telling the list, or lied about his reasons for doing so, or suppressed dissent with his actions -- which has happened in other moderated forums, but not here -- then would I have a serious [moral and personal, not legal or philosophical, since people have the right to be hypocritical assholes if they want to be] problem with it.

@_date: 1996-11-08 13:13:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: WebTV a "munition" 
Based on the lack of public policy pronouncements from the WebTV folks, I would answer C) They're clueless. I'm not sure that management even understood, or wanted to understand, that they'd have an export problem.
See

@_date: 1996-11-11 17:03:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Rush disses anonymity 
I must say I was pleased (and, I'm sorry to say, surprised) not to hear people talking about that "conspiracy" on this list. I gave a friend at the Merc hell for publishing a story saying that maybe there was something to it because there was some web site with "details of possible trajectories and everything." Morons.
You people are wimps. The only real effect of the good doctor's rants has been, as Mr. May indicated, to get the good doctor on the "don't hire" list.
You get off your ass and find out directly.
How about if you know exactly who it is, but you know him to be judgement-proof, since he's already saddled with over $12 million in libel and wrongful-death suits? It's called "reputation capital."
People are just going to have to be smarter than they've ever been. The Net enables sharing and verifying real information just as it enables disinformation. Sure disinformation will always be cheaper to produce and more appealing to the eye (fact is harder to accept than fiction because fictional plots are written to make sense), but disinformation tends to cancel itself out.
Work on archives, reputation control, and openness. Disinformation, to be truly effective, requires a monopoly on information. More speech, not (Keep in reserve the retort that anonymity is quite big in "the mainstream," too. How many key stories cite "well-placed administration sources"?)
The opposite of the Black Unicorn approach to nym safety is the Liz Taylor approach: "As long as they spell my name right, I don't care."
Nobody I care about is going to listen to some crank, or if they do, they'll email me to check the facts, or if they don't, I have alternative outlets for information. As long as I live in a free country with a free Internet, they can't touch me.
Oh, btw, it's helped that I've resigned myself to forever working for decent people who don't give in to such bullshit.

@_date: 1996-11-11 17:21:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Universal Service for the Net: Why it's a bad idea 
Huh? Here on Planet Earth, that's the way it is everywhere, except "non-prime-time" or Centrex rates may be special. In most of the world, local analog voice calls are metered. The US is the exception.
Now, that *would* be unusual. Unless you mean a full-time dedicated port with a dedicated IP address, which I don't think schools need (their web server should be co-located at their ISP anyway). Dialup ISDN is much cheaper. We've got it down to about $75/month/user, all included.

@_date: 1996-11-12 17:21:20
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Not. [Was Re: Federal Reserve Bank is ILLEGAL?] 
But Professor Froomkin, you are igNORING the inFLUENCE of the ILLUMINATI and the BILDERBERGERS. The same source that supplied this imPORTANT information about the FED tells us the TRUTH in an earlier missive. Mere "legality" and mere "facts" are NOT at issue here.
As everyone on cypherPUNKS KNOWS, to every conspiracy theory there IS a grain of TRUTH. We as a people MUST understand the TRUTH and fulfill our DESTINY. FREE AMERICA! I seriously doubt he believes that. Or anything else he's spouting off Believe me, you're being far too kind.

@_date: 1996-11-12 18:32:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: How many people killed by there own governments (Was: Re: a 
I believe x is around 2, but it's a rather tortured argument to call that "government killing its own people." You had at least two governments going at it.
I've heard Farrakhan claim 500 million, but 100 million due to slavery and related colonialism seems credible. I also would not call this "governments killing their own people." For the most part, it was private enterprise. Slave traders were not exactly the cream of the intellectual elite.
The only conceivable connection to "governments killing their own people" I can think of is that railroad tycoon Leland Stanford was also a Senator at one point.
I'd have to ask John Morris on that.
My. What a charmer you are. Please share these insights with the alt.revisionism crowd at your earliest convenience.
The 30 million figure comes from Robert Conquest, who worked for the British government writing anti-Soviet propaganda during and after the war. Nobody has ever accused him of underestimating Soviet atrocities. But playing rhetorical games with numbers of this magnitude is unseemly. I'll leave that to you guys. Suffice to say that Stalin was a monster, and Lenin was the same; there are scans of execution orders in Stalin's and Lenin's handwriting at Actually, the Cultural Revolution mostly enslaved people, rather than killing them. To get to 65 million you'd have to include the revolutionary and collectivization periods.
Right. The Conspiracy touches everything. Even that authoritative historical journal the Guiness Book of Records.

@_date: 1996-11-13 15:51:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
I'm sure the article was very interesting, but I'm not even going to look at them anymore unless you start using more descriptive subject lines than the cutesie "copyright violations." At least with John Young's forwards, you can usually  guess what the article is about. Thanks for your support.

@_date: 1996-11-13 16:00:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Getting attention the old-fashioned way 
Or for that matter, the Netly News,
I couldn't agree more.
Maybe I should have helped Lewis Koch out. At least he isn't a fucking

@_date: 1996-11-13 16:51:10
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
No, you should have ignored the story, because there wasn't one. It's quite rich that your story criticizes journalists for doing exactly what you did: give Vulis far more attention than he deserves. In case you've                  What does Vulis's ouster
               mean to the community that
               sprang up around this mailing
               list, of which he had been a
               member for nearly three
               years? Many of his peers think
               he did it for attention or
               notoriety; one longtime
               list-denizen declined to be
               interviewed for fear of
               encouraging him. (If that's his
               goal, he's already succeeded.
               Will Rodger from Inter at ctive
               Week and Lewis Koch from
               Upside Magazine are writing
               about this.) As much as I'm tempted, I believe no further comment is necessary.

@_date: 1996-11-13 17:44:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
Simple. Filter by content without admitting that you are doing so. Libel people. Suppress discussion.
In short, do precisely the opposite of what Gilmore has done.
I had been assuming, incorrectly, that the fight-censorship list was still down because of the hard drive crash on vorlon. As a matter of fact, I see that volume 2, issue 4 of the fight-censorship digest contains a message from me, though without credit.
If you have a problem with the below, please discuss the matter publicly, as Gilmore has discussed Vulis publicly.

@_date: 1996-11-14 14:00:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: "Freedom Knights" are closet censors 
Declan, why won't you let me on the so-called fight-censorship list? Just asking.

@_date: 1996-11-14 14:15:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Censor John Gilmore -- EFF is a disgrace! [NOISE] [NEEDLESS TO SAY] 
You've got a low tolerance. I'd only give him a 7.
Wrong. The Cabal (TINC) voted en masse against rec.music.white-powder;
Declan took your side, and even violated the fascist Cabal Rules by distributing a marked ballot on a closed mailing list. He's been on the Cabal (TINC) shit list (TINSH) ever since.
Then why are you still posting? I thought The Cabal (TINC) had ordered you into the Gulag.
No, I can assure you that he does.
 netscum,

@_date: 1996-11-14 18:47:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The persistance of reputation 
Sorry for the misinterpretation. Clearly your reputation has not persisted in my mind with sufficent clarity since the last time I was involved in a cypherpunks discussion. (Or possibly this issue has brought together such strange bedfollows that I'm ready to believe that anything is possible.)
I disagree. You're assuming that you're dealing with a rational person who wants to be believed. It is not difficult to come up with examples of pure disinformation that is just "thrown out there" and never supported. Keep repeating the same lie, and *nonspecialists* will assume that there is a "debate" going on. To take an example that won't make me sound "politically correct," let's say the national security establishment tries to spread the rumor that the remailers are run by spooks (we've all seen the rumor; I'm not arguing and do not really believe that the rumor was started by spooks, but let's assume for the sake of argument that it was). *We* all know that this is nonsense; but *nonspecialists* and journalists will seize on "the controversy," and the perception of danger will create a real chilling effect on remailer use. There are still people out there who refuse to use any version of PGP after 2.3 because of such repeated rumors. Absolutely no one is trying to back them up with more complex lies; but the rumor persists.
No, actually I meant that competing propaganda tends to kill itself -- normal people tend just to throw up their hands and say "What the hell does it matter anyway" -- but your interpretation is worth talking about, too.
No. It requires both. And sometimes, technical skill. How many people here know enough to evaluate the data concerning, to take a notorious example, the Kennedy assassination? I accept the historical consensus, but I know there are a lot of otherwise rational people on cypherpunks who are convinced that there was some sort of coverup (which sort, they often don't know or care; but they're conviced there was one). Oliver Stone got some ridiculous movie made based on this non-thesis (actually two, counting Nixon). People growing up today are learning pseudohistory and pseudoscience from Oliver Stone, "The X Files," "Dark Skies," and "Millenium." I find that scary. The net is better than TV, because it allows more responses, but I'm not sure how much better.
No, I think pure disinformation is cheaper. Period. And often, it doesn't have to be "believed" -- you just need to raise "suspicions" among nonspecialists. That is sufficent to destroy consensus and trust in social institutions. At the risk of sounding politically correct, how many nonspecialists "suspect" that the accepted history of the Holocaust *could* be a massive propaganda plot? (Yeah, yeah, I know the "soap stories" and the Polich Communists' exaggeration of the non-Jewish death toll at Auschwitz and all that rot, but I mean the basic facts, which are often denied. If you want to jump on this point, take it to alt.revisionism, which I read closely.) Absolutely no historians believe that, but lots of nonspecialists do. This doesn't mean that they believe it to be true; it just means that there's doubt. This kind of "doubt" is not the same as skepticism. Skepticism is good. Skeptical inquiry means you decide to take the time to investigate a story. Stubborn, cynical doubt, especially when based on ignorance and prejudice, is something else entirely.
I disagree with two of your premises. Knowing several real journalists (as opposed to opinion columnists), I don't consider print or broadcast to be particularly hierarchical. The difficulty of propagating disinformation depends on whether you want people to believe, or merely "suspect." The TWA 800 friendly-fire fiction doesn't have to be accepted as definitely true for it to cause trouble. The "supicion" of Richard Jewell doesn't have to be accepted as definitely true for it to cause trouble. Disinformation is more often about sowing fear, uncertainty, and doubt than it is about belief. Sold the right way, it can propagate itself; the (IMO) disinformation that the CIA is directly responsible for the crack-cocaine epidemic is spread by radical blacks who see it as a racist crime, and by radical-right conspiracy mongers who want to tie Clinton to the Mena story. Either way, the meme virus spreads. How many different kinds of groups are saying how many different groups "created" the AIDS virus? You don't have to "believe" that it's true for the meme to spread.
To some extent, but not fully. There is a certain cachet in being recognized as someone who uses "your real name."
"We pledge our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honour."
"John Hancock."
Pseudonymity is only perfect where artificial boundaries such as respect for netiquette are erected. If someone really wanted to track you down, they could either find you, or "out" you as a pseudonym "afraid to use your own name." Both can be damaging (to your reputation or otherwise). In order to put your life on the line for something, you need a life

@_date: 1996-11-14 19:21:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: ?????????????????????? 
Nope. Never heard of such a thing. If you ever figure it out, be sure to get back to us.

@_date: 1996-11-14 20:15:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Could Declan or some libertarian explain this? 
owner won't let me, and I won't stoop to Vulis's level.
His complaint is that his publisher stopped distribution of his book arguing
that blacks are mentally inferior to whites.
Could someone please explain to me how Chris Brand is different from Vulis? I mean in form; in practice, Declan is bashing Vulis for not recognizing
rights of private editorial control, but uncritically passing on Mr. Brand's
message alleging that private editorial control is censorship. Far be it
from me to criticize Declan's right to exercise editorial control over
substantive dissent and factual correction, but I was just wondering.

@_date: 1996-11-15 01:09:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Conspiracy To Erect An Electronic Iron Curtain 
Someone using the name "Edward R. Figueroa"  today Oh, come on, I'm sure everybody's read this several times, since it was spammed so widely back in February. A URL would do. You can read lots more by and about Louis Beam, who uses an AOL account, at  or  and so on. I recommend "Leaderless If you want someone who would be more likely to appeal to cypherpunks, try John Gardner ; he's a little softer around the edges, and he's local. "Dave Harman" never showed up for a cypherpunks meeting, but maybe Yggdrasil will. Why not; we were going to invite Vulis. John has my number.

@_date: 1996-11-15 15:54:18
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Validating SSNs 
Brilliant! Little do they know that when they analyze your spending patterns, your addresses, your employment, your education, and your kids, they're really investigating something that has NOTHING TO DO WITH [Just in case there are people too thick to understand "subtlety."]

@_date: 1996-11-15 16:02:30
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Members of Parliament Problem 
One way to implement this would be to set up a remailer that only accepts input signed by a key on its ring.
Or just share a secret key. It would have to be timestamped, i.e., "104th Congress Key."
You either need to trust a shared server to know and then blind your identity, or trust the people with whom you share a secret key not to give that key to non-group members.

@_date: 1996-11-16 21:11:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
This is true.
Declan's "fight-censorship" list, though, is supposed to be about censorship,
and he's allowing no criticism of his positions there.

@_date: 1996-11-16 22:06:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Mailing list liability (fwd) 
Sorry if someone already brought this up, but I don't see it
threading back. (I haven't read the article, either, but I
probably will, since soon I'll be mentoring a political group
in addition to the two technical groups I moderate.)
Taylor, Jeffrey M., Liability of Usenet Moderators for
Defamation Published by Others: Flinging the Law of Defamation Into
Cyberspace, Florida Law Review April 1995. v. 47, n. 2 pp. 247-86
I have not yet read it, so I can't vouch for quality of analysis.
"We can imagine no reason why, with ordinary care, human toes could not be
left out of chewing tobacco, and if toes are found in chewing tobacco, it
seems to us that somebody has been very careless."  _Pillars v. R.J. Reynolds
Tobacco Co._, 78 So. 365, 366 (Miss. 1918). |  Mark Eckenwiler  eck at panix.com

@_date: 1996-11-17 01:49:46
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The persistance of reputation 
That would be redundant. Everyone on cypherpunks receives what you send to the list, and thus has access to the source material, if desired. Paul's humor was surely appreciated by the people who have killfiled you and thus miss your posts unless there's a followup.

@_date: 1996-11-17 16:02:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Members of Parliament Problem 
Moreover, parliamentarians from different sides of the aisle usually
have different points of view, and an interest in "outing" each other.
A parliament where everyone had the same point of view would be
uninteresting for this problem -- your friendly local terrorist would
just blow up the whole building.
A practical example of this kind of thing is the situation of judges
in Colombia.

@_date: 1996-11-18 01:42:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Why I shall never undescribe [NOISE] [DEATHS] 
No, you're thinking of Elvis.
 ever so happy to be having such an intellectually
 stimulating conversation in the privacy of his own home

@_date: 1996-11-19 13:53:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The Utility of Privacy 
[Where is "here" for every list member?]
Not bloody likely, no, but Mr. Kasczynski or the Symbionese Liberation
Army could take a disliking to you for similar reasons. And you never know where you might travel. I've got a journalist friend who's paranoid about appearing at any political event because she's afraid she won't be allowed back into China or Southeast Asia if it comes out that she gives a damn about human rights.
A seasonal haiku, original author unknown:
Open your present
No, you open your present
Kasczynski Christmas

@_date: 1996-11-19 18:21:49
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Reputation distortions? 
I think the more common case is "the rich get richer, the poor get poorer." The truth is insufficent when honesty puts you at a

@_date: 1996-11-24 01:05:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: The persistance of reputation 
[Lots deleted; I agree that I was unwittingly proving some of your points with some of mine, thanks for the lesson...]
Sure. I'll give you the answer in email; no need to bother the whole But what kind of reputation does Pr0duct Cypher have, really? What has Pr0duct Cypher done or said that you cannot independently verify? In what sense do you "trust" Pr0duct Cypher? What you're trusting is source code, which is self-certifying. If Pr0duct Cypher tried to tell you about events in history or in a foreign country, or about technical subjects in which you had no personal competence, would you trust the information? Why should people who know nothing about crypto code trust Pr0duct Cypher's tools? (In reality the answer is: they don't. They buy from less technically adept companies that they can sue if things go Among specialists, collegial discussion works for establishing reputation. But where you need to put faith in someone or something that you cannot independently verify, real personal accountability is still useful. Why do you trust your doctor? Would you buy food or water (or a gun) from an anonymous source with no verifiable meatspace presence?

@_date: 1996-11-26 00:43:05
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Netscape working with the NSA. 
That's very old news. See the cypherpunks archives from almost a full year ago; there was an abortive outcry when someone misinterpreted the initial press release on this project. Netscape is to support a Fortezza security plug-in for military users in addition to, not instead of, existing standards.

@_date: 1996-10-21 23:22:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Interesting article on ATM in Wired (of all places) 
Since I ordinarily do nothing but bash the journal of hype and unreadable
blue-on-orange type, I figured I should express appreciation for Steve
Steinberg's "Netheads vs. Bellheads" article starting on page 145 of the
October issue. The ATM v. real networks battle is one that is becoming
increasingly important at gads of institutions, such as mine. In addition
to economic efficiency, there are civil liberties reasons to favor the
current packet-switched technology over circuit-switched bit-mangling. The
nexus on this technical front isn't as tight as it is on the encryption
front, but I'd urge people in positions of technical or budgetary
responsibility to line up with the good guys, i.e., us netheads. You don't
want an Internet controlled by ATM technology. It would make censorship,
wiretapping, and other forms of nastiness by government and other armed
thugs far too easy. I'm speaking only for myself, of course, and of course
there are technical reasons I'd prefer to implement gigabit Ethernet as
well. The leader "Why the net should grow up" in the October 19th issue of _The
Economist_, whose net reporting has improved markedly with the addition of
some new staff, may also be of interest. Some overlaps with the Wired
article, though the writers probably weren't technically savvy enough to
realize that they were talking about the same thing. More comments on that
when I find time.

@_date: 1996-10-28 17:58:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: When did Mondex ever claim to be anonymous? 
Unfortunately, it's not obvious enough. There is talk of doing
something similar at Stanford, though bureaucratic incompetence and a few expressions of concern about privacy have delayed implementation Details of the uproar (and lawsuit?) would be appreciated to help convince the powers that be that a similar project here would be
- -rich
 not quite speaking for the stanford civil liberties union
 not quite on cypherpunks, so please cc if you want me to read it

@_date: 1996-10-29 18:48:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: When did Mondex ever claim to be anonymous? 
Yes, it's an excellent example.
Or did you mean something else?
- -rich
