
@_date: 1998-04-10 00:08:45
@_author: RCMP HateMailer 
@_subject: Official RCMP HateMailer Launched 
[Bienfait Nutly News]Dangerous Armed Thugs sitting in parked cars hiding
in the alley behind the CoalDust Saloon, waiting to tax the citizens
under the obscenely low breath-alcohol laws in place, celebrated the
launching of the 'Official RCMP HateMailer' after the sudden and mysterious disasppearance of the 'Official RCMP Hate Page' at a
Sympatico website.
The unusually high number of vehicles and officers hanging around the
small Saskatchewan town was attributed to a 24-hour watch on the
former host of the vanished webpage, in the hope of catching him
walking on the left side of the sidewalk and arresting him under
authority of a law which applied only to Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan,
when it was in force, and was recinded years ago.
"We weren't notified of the recinding of the law." one of the waiting
constables stated, smiling like a banshee.
RCMP officers around the country were angered by what they regarded as
trickery and betrayal by a scoundrel who had professed support for
the concept of a website where officers could freely express their
true thoughts, beliefs and feelings, under cover of their webpage
being hosted by a known lunatic and forger, thus providing them with
deniability in the event of great public outcry.
An anonymous constable (whose home phone number is (306)388-2561) told
a local reportwhore, as he had him standing on one foot, singing 'God
Save The Queen' and skinning a live cat, blindfolded, "The average citizen expects us to harass the riff-raff, the poor, and the people
we stole the land from, in order to keep them in their proper place,
but the minute we try to give one another postive public support for
our personal and group successes, all we get is a ration of shit."
His partner, going through the blindfolded reportwhore's truck seat
and pocketing the change, added, "You spend years doing the boring
grunt work of oppressing the low-life, and suddenly, you get a chance
to achieve one of the premiere experiences of your professional career.
You get to whack out a WagonBurner.
"But just try *bragging* about it." he continued, shaking his head sadly
about the hypocritical criticism of the citizens who cry out to be
protected from those with less money or social standing than themselves,
and then turn around and cry 'shame' when those hired to do the job
ask for their efforts to be appreciated.
Mounties everywhere were outraged when the website was suddenly Yanked out of Canuck CyberSpace by an unknown entity.
Speculation among the RCMP rank and file was that the website host
had wiped out the website pages himself, and then concocted a wild
conspiracy theory involving police abuse of power and the violation
of free speech and the Canadian Charter of Rights.
"That fucking asshole son-of-a-bitch is well known for taking facts
which can be explained quite simply and using them to build some
bizarre, inane story that reflects badly on those in positios of
"There was no huge, dark conspiracy to seize his computer and files.
The Customs officer at Regway is thinking of buying a laptop, and
he simply confiscated the man's computer so that he could try one
out for a while before making a decision. The RCMP officers who
drove down from Regina to break into his house were just making
sure that the place was secure during his absence. They thought
they should take his nephew's computer in order to find out if
he had any illegally acquired Warez files, so that we could
imprison the child and save him from a life of crime.
"Conspiracy, my ass...it was just two separate instances of
ordinary, everyday abuse of the citizens that he has magnified
into some deep, dark plot in order to feed his paranoid fantasies."
The general consensus among the drunken, licentious crowd gathered around the Video Lottery machines in the pub was that the man in question was "pretty much toast," since the
Mounties 'always get their man,' as a result of many of them
coming from small farming communities and having a great
deal of experience in 'planting.'
Some of average, small town alcoholics were of the opinion that
the Official RCMP Hate Page was rather self-serving and vastly
overblown, anyway.
"That little glue-sniffer that the Mountie whacked out while
he was clinging to his momma's skirt was pretty skinny...I
doubt that he was worth more than fifty points, max."
As I was leaving, the blindfolded reportwhore threw up on
the shoes of the officer giving him the drunk-test, and
those waiting in line to be humiliated and abused gave him
an average of 9.6 for style, 9.8 for presentation, and a
perfect 10 for artistic merit, since he had eaten an all-dressed pizza for dinner.

@_date: 1998-04-10 01:45:20
@_author: RCMP HateMailer 
@_subject: Sympatico Reaches Compromise With Censored Author 
[Bienfait Nutly News]SYMPATICO, A CANADIAN INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDER,
reached a compromise with a notoriously unknown Saskatchwan author
whose website had been destroyed after the ISP was threatened with
legal and physical violence by Royal Canuckian Mounted Police.
Sympatico agreed to restore 'half' of the author's 'Semi-Revisionism'
webpage, which espouses the view that the Holocaust, although a true
3D event, was neither fact nor fiction, but merely "overblown."
The half-restored webpage originally had a variety of links to sites
on the InterNet which provided information confirming the author's
theory that a variety of ethnic groups were the targets of genocide
during World War II, and that the real reason behind most of the
Revisionist literature on the InterNet was the result of the Jews
milking their tragedy for more sympathy (and money) than the other ethnic groups.
"If the same events took place in today's society," the author
speculates, "then the resulting media frenzy would ensure that all
parties involved would receive a proportionate share of the gigantic
rubber-necker/tragedy market.
"As it is, it happened that the Jews managed to corner the small
genocide-sympathy market that existed at the time, and succeeded in
building a Holocaust Empire that was able to squash all competition
from the survivors of other ethnic massacres."
The Anti-SemiRevisionist Coalition, fighting against the current DOJ
anti-trust actions targeting the Jewish monopoly of the genocide market, agreed to make Holocaust promoter Simon Wisenthal and
Zundelsite's revisionist creator, Ingrid Rimland, joint chairmen of
the Coalition. They joined together in arguing that breaking up
the Jewish Holocaust monopoly would destroy the genocide market and
eventually lead to minor ethnic groups who had only experienced
"inconvenience and discomfort" to saturate the market with inferior
horror stories.
"Already, we are seeing examples of people with short numbers tatooed
on their arms, pressing for equal rights legislation." one alleged
Holocaust victim told gathered reporterwhores.
However, when a German reportwhore pointed out that the man had a
Scandanavian nose and name, the man's tattoo, upon closer inspection,
turned out to be three lines of Perl code.
The man was immediately seized by the the host of the Politically
Correct TV show and deported to a Death of the CypherPunks camp
run by Declan McCullagh outside of Bienfait, Saskatchwan.
