
@_date: 2007-05-26 06:24:29
@_author: Rodney Van Meter 
@_subject: E-voting in Japan 
The last sentence is by far the most intriguing, and I wish I knew more.
E-voting system eyed for national elections
The Yomiuri Shimbun
An electronic voting system using touch-screen panels likely will be
phased in for national elections starting from next year, it has been
The ruling coalition of the Liberal Democratic Party and New Komeito is
eyeing the new system after New Komeito reversed its initially cautious
stance and decided to support the move, according to sources.
The ruling parties will submit a bill to revise the special law for the
Public Offices Election Law in the current Diet session, which will
stipulate Jan. 1, 2008, as the date for the law's enforcement, the
sources said.
However, the electronic voting system will not be introduced
simultaneously in all municipalities.
Among municipalities that already have ordinances allowing the use of
electronic ballots for mayoral and assembly elections, the internal
affairs and communications minister will choose municipalities based on
applications received from election boards.
Currently, eight municipalities have such an ordinance.
The use of electronic polling systems for local elections became
possible in February 2002, since when it has been used for 15 elections
held in 10 municipalities.
The result of one election that employed the system was nullified after
errors were detected in the electronic voting machines.
Last week there was an article about quick election results here.  In
prefectural (state) elections, some towns returned their results in as
little as 20 minutes even when using hand-counted paper ballots!  (Some
other municipalities ranged as high as a couple of hours.)
One simple expedient is that when you go to vote, you are given separate
ballots for each office you are voting for.  Then returns for any given
office are a simple matter of sorting the ballots into one stack per
candidate, and counting the stacks.
To me, this would seem to make ballot challenges more difficult.  There
may also be additional opportunities for various forms of fraud --
ballot box stuffing, etc. depending on the protocols used.
But it does appear to have the advantage of being efficient.  If paper
ballot results can be returned in so little time, what is the incentive
for electronic balloting?
(P.S.  Speaking of elections, did you know that department chairs and
even the presidents of universities here are chosen by direct election
among the faculty?  There are campaign speeches and balloting at an
all-faculty meeting.)
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-11-21 08:18:15
@_author: Rod Van Meter 
@_subject: fingerprinting in Japan 
for IP, if you wish...
A ton of interesting news developments have come out of Japan in the
last couple of days.  It's the fingerprinting that prompts me to
write, but the others are interesting, too.  Bear with me for a
* Japan is now fingerprinting all foreigners
* The CIA (USIS) worked to influence radical young Kyoto U.
 professors in the 1960s/70s
* Japan's whaling fleet is off to the Antarctic, planning to
 "scientifically" study the flavor^H^H^H^H^H^Hhabits of a 1,000
 dead whales
* The Michelin Guide comes to Japan, and Tokyo has more stars than
 any other city
Everyone foreign (including you, Dave) will have their fingerprints
and photo taken when they come into Japan.  This includes visa holders
like me and permanent residents, but not including those foreigners
with "special status": people born here but whose ancestry is Korean.
Those traveling on diplomatic passports are also exempt.
This will happen every time you come in, unless you register for the
special fast-screening program, which only works at Narita; they will
keep you on file.
As one friend pointed out, this means that Japan will have prints and
photos of every CIA agent who comes and goes using a regular blue
passport -- the ones who prefer not to be recognized.
As expected, the Japan Times, which is a bit more of a foreigners'
mouthpiece, is more outraged than the Daily Yomiuri, but both featured
it above the fold and ran several articles.  One article was subtitled
something to the effect of "no glitches", then the second paragraph
described the glitches.
I haven't had time to check the Japanese press, but I'm curious how
the coverage compares.  (This week is the big research exhibit for my
campus, Keio SFC, being held in Roppongi.  While we were debugging
problem with the Reversible Lego Babbage Difference Engine (intended
to demonstrate the principle of reversibility in computation) last
night, a motorized wheelchair drove by.  No rider, just the
wheelchair.  No idea if it was autonomous or remotely controlled...)
Tons of links for the interested:
[NATIONAL NEWS]
Foreign arrivals get biometric scan
Japan begins fingerprinting and photographing foreigners arriving in the
country under a revised immigration law to keep terrorists out, drawing
criticism from rights groups and foreign residents that their data might
be abused.
[MORE] ->
[NATIONAL NEWS]
Rally targets Justice Ministry
MASAMI ITO
[NATIONAL NEWS]
Kansai smooth; other areas suffer glitches
ERIC JOHNSTON
[LIFE IN JAPAN]
Starting today, 'gaijin' formally known as prints
GRAEME JARVIE
[LIFE IN JAPAN]
Security cameras: Ensuring safety or invading privacy?
JACKIE HOFFART
[LIFE IN JAPAN]
Watching them watching us
MICHAEL HASSETT
[BUSINESS NEWS]
Michelin's first Tokyo guide names eight 3-star eateries
[NATIONAL NEWS]
67 civic groups protest against screening system
[NATIONAL NEWS]
Go home whalers, says N.Z.'s Clark
New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark lashes out at Japan's whaling
program, saying its fleet should have stayed home rather than operate
under the "deceptive" guise of a scientific operation.
[MORE] ->
 [NATIONAL NEWS]
U.S. envoys involved in '60s secret nuke arms pact
[NATIONAL NEWS]
USIS role revealed in Japan's tilt toward West
HIROKI SUGITA
