
@_date: 2001-04-12 00:16:41
@_author: Public (Anonymous_Account 
@_subject: Tannering (Re: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism) 
Being subscribed makes one a member of the illegal Cypherpunk Movement,
especially when the prosecution explains that the member explicitly
and willfully sent the "subscribe" request.
To anonymize posts, send through remailers. From an internet cafe*.
To anonymize reading, go to the internet cafe*.
Everything else is an illusion of safety.
* gloves and disguise is recommended. I have already seen several
customers with Groucho masks.
On the other hand, a public 802.11 would be nice.
Suppose that you can drive close to this building, connect with a laptop
from the safety of friend's car, and the only thing that LAN allows you
is to (a) send mail to one specified address and (b) browse one specific
web site (inet-one). Then you drive away.
The building is conveniently marked with small, hard-to-notice label
"TANNER" on nearby objects. The visits shall be known as "tannering".
Etiquette will require that you pretend not to notice others with laptops
in the vicinity.
For FBI trainees: start on pushing for new crimes:
- driving with a loaded laptop
- gathering in public place with laptops with intent to connect.
- providing an open 802.11 node (ooops .. they are *all* open)
For the FBI instructor: your mother is a whore.

@_date: 2001-06-07 15:03:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No subject 
This is not TV, Sandy. Or a public school, or politically correct
town meeting.
I, for one, enjoy JYA postings. It takes some intelligence  to twist
the tongue in the right way and also to understand the implied. It is
fun, since thought process is revealed and much more info conveyed.
It is called "language", and although 200-word pigeon english
seems to be the standard these days, it doesnt mean that there are no
sentient beings around that do not feel obliged to run the speech center
in "lite" mode.
Dont look around. Spontaneous group leering will not help you.
Perhaps this is too complicated for you.
Let me simplify:
Even if "everyone" programs in visual basic, there is still beauty,
style and efficiency to be done in C or assembly. And there are things
which cannot be done in VB.
You seem to exhibit standard american "culture" conditioning that denigrates
everything which is not immediately understandable by complete idiots.
Like genital action, for example. I understand that that is your expertise.

@_date: 2001-06-11 07:18:15
@_author: Public (Anonymous_Account 
@_subject: SSNs 
I am an American citizen.
In 30 years I have never given a valid social security number to anyone.
I can't.
I don't have one.
I hold a regular high-paying job.  I get a paycheck.  My employer uses ADP.  I have a driver's license.  I have a bank account.  I have good health insurance.  I pay my taxes.
Not once have I had a real problem.  Any minor problems that have come up over the years, and there have been very few, always go away when ignored dilligently.
Just give those facists a fake number.
Good luck.

@_date: 2002-08-11 16:33:28
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: On the outright laughability of internet "democracy" 
Namecalling. Possibly your strongest argumentation?
Must have touched quite a raw nerve here. My thanks for your not "spewing oppositional bullshit". And what, pray tell, am I disagreeing with "politically"?
Read first, spew later.
Another of your better argumentation. It is difficult to choose between your vulgar manner or your avoidance of facts, as the better explanation of the failure of your "Internet Bearer Underwriting" ventures.

@_date: 2002-07-31 15:47:20
@_author: xganon 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
TCPA and Palladium can be forced to restrict 90%+ of all applications at the whim of Bill Gates, or the United States government.
Kitchen knives, on the other hand, are under non-uniform and widely-distributed, uncoordinated control. Even Bill Gates and the United States government acting in concert cannot make all knives become murder weapons, nor make all knives become non-murder weapons.
