
@_date: 1998-09-28 04:13:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Information about the Anonymous 
This message is being sent to you automatically in reply to the message
you sent to remailer at replay.com with the subject "remailer-help".
There is an automated mail handling program installed on this account
which will take any message with the proper headers and automatically
re-send it anonymously.
It is capable of providing a very high level of security if you use the
Mixmaster software to produce the messages.  You can get the Mixmaster
client software from  (Germany).  Please
read its manual page and README file for usage instructions.
More information about anonymous remailers is available at
For an up-to-date listing of anonymous remailers with statistics,
see .  You can also get the
list by fingering rlist at anon.efga.org or rlist at anon.lcs.mit.edu.
You can use the remailer by sending mail to remailer at replay.com, with the
header "Anon-To: address", the address that you want to send anonymously
to.  If you can't add headers to your mail, you can place two colons on
the first line of your message, followed by the "Anon-To:" line.  Follow
that with a blank line, and then begin your message.  For example:
Anon-To: beth at univ.edu
This is some anonymous mail.
The above would be delivered to beth at univ.edu anonymously.  All headers in
the original message are removed.  She would not know that it came from
Joe, nor would she be able to reply to the message.  However, there are a
few ways that the true identity of the sender could be found.  First, if
many anonymous messages were sent, someone could compare the times that
the messages were sent with the times that 'joe' was logged in.  However,
this can be prevented by instructing the remailer to delay the message, by
using the "Latent-Time:" header:
Anon-To: beth at univ.edu
Latent-Time: +1:00
This is some anonymous mail.
The message would be delayed one hour from when it is sent.  It is also
possible to create a random delay by adding an 'r' to the time (+1:00r),
which would have the message be delivered at a random time, but not more
than an hour.  You can also delay the message until a specific time.
For example, "Latent-Time: 0:00" without the '+' would delay the message
until midnight (at the remailer site).  Times must be in 24-hour format.
NOTE: This remailer automatically reorders messages in a large pool,
which produces a similar effect.
Another problem is that some mailers automatically insert a signature file.
Of course, this usually contains the sender's e-mail address, and so would
reveal their identity.  The remailer software can be instructed to remove
a signature file with the header "Cutmarks:".  Any line containing only the
cutmark characters, and any lines following it will be removed.
Anon-To: recipient at destination.com
Cutmarks: -- This line of text will be in the anonymous message.
