
@_date: 1996-10-01 16:19:49
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: Inflation-index bonds and private e-currency 
I don't get it. Why is this bond not saleable like any other? What "privately-produced currencies" are a hedge against inflation? If this bond is saleable like any other, why is the money unavailable? What means "greater spendability?" Is this assumed to be yet another government plot because it competes with other offerings and reduces the cost of borrowing?

@_date: 1997-01-04 23:06:36
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: Judge Bork on Ebonics 
Shame on Steve Schear for passing off this narcissistic gay whitebread shit as having been written by the renowned Robert Bork. No real person could be so transparently self-promoting and irrelevant as the obviously humorous author was.
 - Richard Fiero

@_date: 1997-01-28 21:44:45
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Get it straight Sandy Sandfort. I'm not in your home. I am in my home and I
will observe my priorities, not your's.
If Dr. Vulis was pushing the envelope in list-abuse as a multi-stage social
experiment, Sandy Sandfort has surpassed him by far. In part I refer to a
Sandy Sandfort reply to a criticism made by Paul Bradley. The reply was
made public two hours before the criticism was. This is not moderation. It
is manipulation and interference. Since I have a low tolerance for
self-serving pedantry, I never would have noticed the criticism if it had
not been preceded by the reply.
In the reply, Sandy Sandfort employs the name-calling "sophist" and
"hypocrite." Also in the reply is the Freudian slip or obscene proposition:
Shouldn't this have gone to cypherpunks-flames?
One might wonder just what the rules of proper decorum are.

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:27:52
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Get it straight Sandy Sandfort. I'm not in your home. I am in my home and I
will observe my priorities, not your's.
If Dr. Vulis was pushing the envelope in list-abuse as a multi-stage social
experiment, Sandy Sandfort has surpassed him by far. In part I refer to a
Sandy Sandfort reply to a criticism made by Paul Bradley. The reply was
made public two hours before the criticism was. This is not moderation. It
is manipulation and interference. Since I have a low tolerance for
self-serving pedantry, I never would have noticed the criticism if it had
not been preceded by the reply.
In the reply, Sandy Sandfort employs the name-calling "sophist" and
"hypocrite." Also in the reply is the Freudian slip or obscene proposition:
Shouldn't this have gone to cypherpunks-flames?
One might wonder just what the rules of proper decorum are.

@_date: 1997-11-10 13:57:38
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: Kill -9.9 
Yeah, for a company of $7 million per day profit it oughta be $7 + $1 = $8
million per day.

@_date: 1998-12-07 04:41:09
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: Palm III proves a hi-tech helper for car thieves 
Taken from
A 3Com Palm III and software that lets the handheld control TVs and VCRs
through its infrared port are all you need to nick a car these days, it seems.
Danish IT journalist Lars Sorensen made the discovery when testing the
sofwtare's legitimate uses. The software samples a TV's remote control
signals so it can replicate them -- Sorensen wondered if it would do the
same with a car's infrared lock and found that it would.
Here in the UK, estimates from the Motor Insurance Repair Research Centre,
quoted in New Scientist magazine, suggest that three million of the 22
million cars on the road are vulnerable to Palm-toting thieves.
Interestingly, older cars that are more at risk than newer models. Most
modern vehicles contain locking systems that change the locking code every
time the key is used from sequences of 10 to the power 64 (a one with 64
zeros after it) making it virtually impossible to predict the code at any
given instance.
That said, Sorensen was able to enter a 1998 model, so no one can be sure
they are safe.

@_date: 1998-02-22 19:49:34
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: CIA Blasts Bay of Pigs Op 
. . .
Central Intelligence is now portraying itself as a bungling and hopelessly
harmless bureaucracy.

@_date: 2000-12-03 20:07:54
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: Palestinian Crackers Share Bugs 
There can now be no doubt that Wired is a pod of the US national
security apparatus like CNN is.

@_date: 2000-10-14 12:04:00
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A famine averted... 
The following seems just backwards. Marxist thought holds that the
whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
 . . .
With respect to equilibria, it's an unwarranted assumption that a
market has just one stable point.  Certainly the Great Depression was a
stable but undesirable situation.
With respect to weird math and models, there is no proof that -any-
math describes the situation. You are free to use any math that you
like. If there were a predictive model, you'd become extremely rich.
Models are just pictorial aids to thinking.
Finite number of market participants? No problem. Combined Value
auctions handle this perfectly. Indeed, find me an infinite number of
buyers for something and I'll figure out a way to produce it.

@_date: 2000-10-15 20:40:32
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A famine averted... 
Jah jah, Herr Donald. Yes, the stupid and pampered working class caused
businessmen to not invest in production and wages sufficient to consume
the output. Haha! Perhaps at gunpoint the slackers will work a bit
harder. Or faced with starvation and no health care the louts will
return to their machines. Oops, sounds like today. A wooden shoe, a
sabot, in your machine, sir.
But this was a deflationary spiral where an investment today is worth
less tomorrow, or the same investment can be made cheaper tomorrow --
or next year.
Not being a theologian, I can only offer Friedrich Hayek's sadly wrong
"[U]p to 1927 I should have expected that the subsequent depression
would be  very mild. But in that year an entirely unprecedented action
was taken by the American monetary authorities [who] succeeded, by
means of an easy-money policy, inaugurated as soon as the symptoms of
an impending reaction were noticed, in prolonging the boom for two
years beyond what would otherwise have been its natural end. And when
the crisis finally occurred, deliberate attempts were made to prevent,
by all conceivable means, the normal process of liquidation."
This is contrary to events. Fearing a bubble, the Fed tightened not
"The 'leave-it-alone liquidationists' headed by Secretary of the
Treasury Mellon felt that government must keep its hands off and let
the slump liquidate itself. Mr. Mellon had only one formula: 'Liquidate
labor, liquidate stocks, liquidate the farmers, liquidate real estate'.
He held that even panic was not altogether a bad thing. He said: 'It
will purge the rottenness out of the system. High costs of living and
high living will come down. People will work harder, live a more moral
life. Values will be adjusted, and enterprising people will pick up the
wrecks from less competent people.'"
Friedrich Hayek again:
"...still more difficult to see what lasting good effects can come from
credit expansion. The thing which is most needed to secure healthy
conditions is the most speedy and complete adaptation possible of the
structure of production. If the proportion as determined by the
voluntary decisions of individuals is distorted by the creation of
artificial demand resources [are] again led into a wrong direction and
a definite and lasting adjustment is again postponed. The only way
permanently to 'mobilise' all available resources is, therefore to
leave it to time to effect a permanent cure by the slow process of
adapting the structure of production..."
And herein we wander off into fantasy land:
great

@_date: 2000-09-27 20:50:38
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
. . .
One could argue that all electromagnetic radiation is in the public
domain and receivable. However it is illegal to have equipment capable
of receiving cell phone conversations because the rights of the
telephone company and the rights of the conversants could be violated.
IR equipment is capable of seeing far more from outside a house than
just the wall temperature. This kind of surveillance is clearly
invasive, in my opinion.

@_date: 2001-12-05 17:49:51
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: in praise of gold  
My point is not to comment on coins, gold or gold digging, but to note that these topics are tied together in the archaic mind of which there is abundance on this list.
In his review of COINS, BODIES, GAMES, AND GOLD (Leslie Kurke, Princeton University Press, 1999), L. Randall Wray makes the following points in the March 2001 edition of THE JOURNAL OF ECONOMIC ISSUES.
" . . . it has long been established that the first coins were issued in Lydia and East Greece, probably no earlier than the third or fourth quarter of the seventh century BC.  The dating is puzzling, because we also know that money, local markets, long-distance trade, and even complex financial instruments existed for thousands of years before coins were invented.  If precious metal coins were indeed invented to reduce transaction costs, one wonders why it took so long for sophisticated traders to discover them.
" . . . As Karl Polany warned long ago, the Greek economy was 'embedded' in other noneconomic institutions, 'the economic process itself being instituted through kinship, marriage, age-groups, secret societies, totemic associations, and public solemnities.'
" . . . She [Leslie Kurke] begins by quoting an intriguing passage form Herodotus:
'The Lydians use customs very similar to those of the Greeks, apart from the fact that they prostitute their female children.  And first of men whom we know, they struck and used currency of gold and silver, and they were also the first retail traders.  And the Lydians themselves claim that also the games that now exist for them and for the Greeks were their invention.'
"Note how Herodotus juxtaposes prostitution, coinage, retail trade, and games--all (inaccurately) attributed to the Lydians, who are otherwise supposed to be much like the Greeks. As Kurke wonders, 'Why do all these phenomena form a natural class . . .'
" . . . while prostitution, games, and retail trade are frequently discussed and linked in the [period] literature, coinage is virtually never discussed (at least in a positive sense; almost all references are to counterfeiting).  Quite the contrary, Kurke insists . . . for concern with what the texts _don't_ say. She also notes that the greatest Greek democracy, Athens, produced not a single text supportive of democracy--rather, all contemporaneous discussion of Athenian political theory was written by a hostile elite.
" . . . In her view, 'the minting of coin would represent the state's assertion of its ultimate authority to constitute and regulate value in all spheres in which general-purpose money operated simultaneously--economic, social, political, and religious.  Thus, state-issued coinage as a universal equivalent, like the civic _agora_ in which it circulated, symbolized the merger in a single token or site of many different domains of value, all under the final authority of the city.'
"In a sense, the choice of precious metals for coinage was a historical accident, a pointed challenge to the elite monopoly over precious metal.  By coining precious metal, the _polis_ appropriated the highest sphere of gift exchange, and with its stamp it asserted its ultimate authority--both inwardly (or domestically) but also outward (in long-distance trade): 'For every Greek _polis_ that issued its own coin asserted its autonomy and independence from every other Greek city, while coinage also functions as one institution
among many through which constituted itself as the final instance against the claims of an internal elite.'  As the _polis_ used coins for its own payments and insisted on payment in coin, it inserted its sovereignty into retail trade in the _agora_.  Mainstream economists frequently assert that growth of the local market was associated with expansion of democracy, but Kurke stands the typical Austrian argument on its head by noting the critical role played by the _polis_ in wresting control away from the elite.
" . . . introduction of coins arose out of a 'seventh/sixth century crisis of justice and unfair distribution of property.'  Coins appeared at this particular time because the _polis_ had gained sufficient strength to rival the _symposia_, -hetaireiari_ (private drinking clubs), and other institutions and _xenia_ (elite networking) that maintained elite dominance.  At the same time, the _agora_ and its use of coined money subverted hierarchies of gift exchange, just as a shift to taxes and regular payments to city officials (as well as severe penalties levied on officials who accepted gifts) challenged the 'natural' order that relied on gifts and favors.  It is no coincidence that elite literary works disparaged the _agora_ as a place for deceit and that coinage was always noted for its 'counterfeit' quality.
" . . . Obviously the elite reacted to such developments, although in a veiled manner.  When money is discussed in the texts, its introduction is invariably attributed to tyrants who destroy the _nomos_, the community, and the divine order.  It is also interesting that the elite usually attributes invention of money to the requirements of scorned retail trade--just as modern economics does, albeit without scorn--rather than to the struggle to assert sovereignty of the _polis_.  As Kurke argues, this 'mystification' of the origins of money is ideological--as it remains today--a purposeful rejection of the legitimacy of democratic government.
"A major portion of the book is devoted to elite representations of games and 'bodies' (prostitution, objectification of women, and artistic depiction of the female form).  Recall from the quote above that Herodotus linked Lydian creation of coinage to invention of games and prostitution of female children.  Kurke notes that the whole array of Greek games emerged at the same time as coins and wonders how games form a natural class with coins in literary texts--with games of chance ridiculed while games of order were held to be appropriate.  She argues that games of chance served as a shorthand for all the vices of a disembedded economy: the acquisition of small profits by shameful means and creation of random fortunes as opposed to the 'natural' fortuned gained through aristocratic birth.
"Just as two classes of games were created, two classes of prostitute were invented at the time of coinage. . . . it becomes necessary for the elite to distinguish their prostitutes from those used by the citizens.  Thus, the _hetariai_ (courtesans) who frequented the _symposia_ to exchange their services for 'gifts' were distinguished from the _pornai_ (whores) who serviced citizens for coins. Kurke notes that the _polis_ created cheap public brothels for use by the citizens because 'to be a citizen means always having a place to put your penis.'"

@_date: 2003-12-19 09:59:16
@_author: Richard Fiero 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The Hague has no jurisdiction over crimes committed in the past due to the "Henry Kissinger" clause insisted upon by the US. Saddam's guilt in a smaller number of deaths is being pushed hard to justify the exercise in the Mid-East so the outcome is certain and will be dressed appropriately I'm sure. My guess is that a suitable Iraqi court won't take note of the number of civilian deaths due to bombings and economic sanctions by its liberators.
