
@_date: 1992-11-26 09:24:21
@_author: Rich Mezirka 
@_subject: Electronic Banking 
IRS regulations related to 1099-b and 1099-misc make it LEGAL providing
all parties and the BANK file with the IRS. Bank MUST file when over 100 transactions per
year are recirded. Individuals must file each transaction. Add some rules
for mandatrory electronic filing when movre than 500 (I think that's the limit)
transactions are posted. ZAdd another hassle with mandatory 20% of value
must be withheld and filed with IRS inlieu of taxes...
(reference 1992 IRS publication on 1099 processing, pages 10-12... pub
number available on request)(I left my copy at the office).
As I told Tim, this smack s of Al Capone like harassment... "We'''
make it WORSE if we catch you" BUT I have personal experience with IRS
in 1980, 81, 82 as they attacked barter (I designed and developed
software for an electronic settlement system for Trade Systems Corporation
in San Jose; we did about 4 million/year unitl the IRS audits startedf and
then all big players got tax attacked). for those without experience with
our IRS, remember they do not live within our regulary judiciary
(innocent until proven guilty) system with  open courts... they seize
first and have a closed hearing system underwhich you get to negotiate
a settlement to get YOUR stuff back, maybe. (references available upon request). They use local marshalls with large guns and IRS judical
orededers to tsake what everthey thiink they are due.
Again, as I told Tim, we should continue our public discussion of the
principles we hold dear and continue our efforts at preventing further
erosion. We should also be very careful about stepping on the dragons'
tails until we are privacy protected... principlesa nd theorey public,
practice and tactics private.
spreading the sanity, quietly

@_date: 1993-02-11 15:28:50
@_author: Richard Mezirka 
@_subject: pardon me, but it's been deathly quiet 
regrets about the perhaps poor use of scarce bandwidth:
sci.crypt has disappeared from my news server
I haven't seen a cypherpunks mail item for some time... I used to see
something daily, some very interesting/some just valuable to me for
awareness raising value
is anyone there or did all the things we're concerned about come true?

@_date: 1993-03-10 09:41:50
@_author: Richard Mezirka 
@_subject: March 1993 Communications of ACM Denning on Encryption 
I've just read with considerable distress the Dorothy Denning article in my March 1993, Communications of the ACM and all the follow up discussions supporting or refuting her positions.  I can not in any way support the further erosion of the rights I believe I have to personal  privacy and protection from the abuses of government. I'm contacting the EFF as a concerned member and the ACM Risk forum... are there more actions we can and should take? Professor Denning does not convince me of the benevolence of the government nor the necessity for private enterprise to foster government programs (such as building in wire tap support or reducing the effort of government agencies to invade private messages or interactions amongst citizens). A precidential extension might have the auto makers building in governors into all vehicles such that they can't exceed the national speed limit to support traffic law enforcement (the crooks couldn't have faster cars than the cops).
I'd suggest cypherpunks get and read the article if they haven't already done so (it covers both wire tap and , as a not too subtle tag on, encryption availability). I'd also suggest we direct our responses to those who can derail this or similar legislation with the EFF and ACM as two likely candidates and congress folks as additional ones. My  personal professional dilemma is how can I raise consciousness of  the quiet majority who will not immediately be impacted... like my retired parents who fear computers like the flu and still have a strong belief that the government protects their rights rather than restricts them. Their response to Steve Jackson's tiff with the treasury department and law enforcement was along the lines that if he had nothing to hide the government wouldn't have bothered him.
Still watching quietly, worried, and now letting others know...
