
@_date: 2001-04-13 13:32:49
@_author: richard@thiemeworks.com 
@_subject: Islands in the Clickstream. Interpretation. April 13, 2001 
Islands in the Clickstream:
When living systems - including people like us - spontaneously reorganize
themselves, we call it hierarchical restructuring. Systems seem to be hardwired
to do this when they become overwhelmed or baffled. It's as if life itself
provides a Zen koan that confronts our reasoning with a puzzle that reasoning
cannot solve. Some begin the process of restructuring but never complete it;
some psychotic breaks, in fact, may be incomplete "conversion experiences" in
which the fragmented psyche never finds a new center. But when it works, we
discover ourselves reborn, aware and intact.
We have smaller, more evolutionary epiphanies too.
Forty years ago, I was standing waist-deep in cold Lake Michigan water at a
beach in Chicago on a hot day. I was a summer counselor for a neighborhood club
but my full-time work was getting a degree in literature, and I had been reading
"Huckleberry Finn."
When I was young, I believed what I read in a primary, immediate way. The
landscape of a novel was as real as the landscape of the city.  Standing there
in the water, I saw suddenly that the story of Huck and Tom was a myth and that
myth was a lens through which we understood ourselves. Instead of living
immersed in the myth, however, I saw the myth from outside, in relationship to
the machinery that generated our constructions of reality. I glimpsed the
engines of the technology of consciousness.
Another epiphany happened in a philosophy class when I heard that Immanuel Kant
had said: "Concepts without percepts are empty; percepts without concepts are
blind." In other words, whatever is "out there" is intelligible only when it
connects with our concepts, our beliefs; and, if our senses detect something
that - literally - doesn't compute, we don't see it, we don't hear it, we don't
believe it.
I think of those insights - how our myths filter experience, how we can see only
what we believe - when I investigate reports of Unidentified Flying Objects.
No other domain, in my experience, includes so many of the puzzles that confront
21st century humanity as we try to locate ourselves in the cosmos and what's real. Investigating UFO reports begins with listening closely and deeply
to the person telling their story, just like counseling. But that's just the
beginning. The psychology of perception, the structure of myths and beliefs, the
influence of UFO subcultures,  knowledge of meteorology and astronomy, chemistry
and physics, current aerospace technologies, all come into play. But as one
studies the history of the "modern era" of sightings that began in 1947, one
also enters a force field that turns all that data, so carefully collected and
cross-referenced, into a hall of mirrors.
The United States changed after World War 2. The culture of secrecy,
disinformation, and propaganda that had been deemed appropriate to wartime was
extended into the Cold War era, and even though that era has supposedly ended,
the culture has a life of its own. Senator Daniel Moynihan is eloquent in his
critique of the culture of secrecy, showing how truth is much less likely to
emerge from a process of data-gathering and deliberation that is isolated,
constrained, and hidden. His book on government secrecy is a vote for the open
source movement as a model for life.
In our brave new world, the design of myth and belief is highly intentional.
It's called propaganda in the public sector, PR in the private, but the tools
and techniques are the same, and the digital world only makes it easier. One
cannot explore the history of UFO phenomena without exploring deception and
disinformation, because it becomes clear that the playing field is not level.
It's like playing poker with someone who tells you what cards he holds rather
than showing them, then rakes in the pot.
"All warfare is based on deception," Sun Tzu said, but he also said, "The most
important factor in war is moral influence, by which I mean that which causes
the people to be in harmony with their leaders."
Contemplating the concentration of global media in fewer and fewer hands, the
many points of contact between media and corporate and state intelligence, and
the naivete with which we believe what we see on a digital screen, we find
ourselves in a difficult position: the deception that Sun Tzu said must be
directed at an enemy has been directed for two generations at "we the people,"
the ones who ought to be in harmony with their leaders.  By practicing deception
on their troops and treating us as the enemy, our leaders undermine our
There are no ultimate truths, only interpretations,  noted Nietzsche, saying in
a way what Kant had said, that whatever is out there is filtered through our
senses and our schemas. Percept and concept alike in the digital world are
subject to manipulation and design. Both sense data and schemas must be
deconstructed if our interpretations are to mean anything.
In the absence of truth, we make it up. We fill the void with outlandish
projections, guesses, and fables. The Internet is full of them, especially in
the realm of UFOs. But we can also take ten steps back to the basics of how we
know what we know, how we gather data, establish patterns, come to conclusions.
We may be left with only an interpretation, but it's one that plays by the rules
and shows its cards.
I have learned in that hall of mirrors what Moynihan learned in the halls of the
Senate, that without disclosure there is no truth, without truth no
accountability. That's only an interpretation, of course, but it's all I've got.
The truth isn't "out there," it's hiding in plain sight.
As a civilization, we're poised for a hierarchical restructuring. In full
possession of the facts, "we the people" get it right more often than not. We
are worthy of being trusted. The enemy is not the truth that sets us free, the
enemy is a general who deceives his own troops and holds the truth for ransom in
that labyrinthine hall of mirrors.
April 13, 2001
For Joe K, my email pal, and Terry Hansen, author of "The Missing Times: News
Media Complicity in the UFO Cover-up"
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, 2175 Bayfield Drive, Columbus, OH 43229
(614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
