
@_date: 1998-10-05 06:06:05
@_author: Rick Campbell 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Date: Wed, 30 Sep 1998 10:21:42 -0600
    From: rms at santafe.edu (Richard Stallman)
    It isn't surprising that people who want to write non-free software
    are disappointed that the GNU project won't help them.  What is
    amazing is that they feel this is unfair.  They have no intention of
    letting me use their source code in my programs--so why should they be
    entitled to use my source code in their programs?  These people seem
    to think that their selfishness entitles them to special treatment.
This is faulty logic.  I may wish to write some code for free, that
is, have the intention of letting you use my source code in your
programs, and to write other code for profit.  If I want to write
something for free, I'd like it to be free for any purpose, including
commercial purposes, thus the GPL is inappropriate.
I would vastly prefer that people simply place their code in the
public domain explicitly.

@_date: 1998-10-06 20:32:22
@_author: Rick Campbell 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Date: Tue, 6 Oct 1998 17:05:42 -0600
    From: rms at santafe.edu (Richard Stallman)
    If you want to use our code in non-free software, and leave your users
    (who would then be our users also) no freedom, it is understandable
    that you would ask for this.
No, I simply don't want to discriminate against users who are writing
proprietary software, i. e. I don't want to restrict the freedom of
those users in the way that GPL does.
Public Domain status denotes more freedom than GPL.  It allows all of
the freedom of GPL and in addition, it allows the freedom of making
proprietary modifications.
The results of the proprietary step may be less free than GPL, but the
code placed in the Public Domain is still more free than the code
released under the terms of the GPL.

@_date: 1998-10-08 18:50:39
@_author: Rick Campbell 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Date: Wed, 7 Oct 1998 20:06:17 +0200
    From: roessler at guug.de (Thomas Roessler)
    > Public Domain status denotes more freedom than GPL.  It allows all of
    > the freedom of GPL and in addition, it allows the freedom of making
    > proprietary modifications.
    Making proprietary changes to GPLed software for your own use seems
    to be fine with the GPL.  The problem occurs if you are giving away
    changed versions of software: While GPL will force you to give your
    distributed software's users the same freedom you enjoyed yourself
    when creating the software, PD won't preserve that freedom.
    Thus, GPL is the license model which most consequently follows the
    freedom for end users thread of thinking.
I see, so GPL offers you additional freedoms, like the freedom to be
forced into a particular action.  Cool :-)
Really, the end user of Public Domain software has more freedom than
the end user of GPLed software.  They have every freedom allowed by
GPL, plus the freedom to make derivative works (which might not have
the same level of freedom) that are proscribed by the GPL.  It really
makes no sense to me for someone to argue that when your actions are
restricted you are more free.
When I read RMS' arguments in favor of GPL, I can't help but note a
certain ``nah nah na nah nah'' childish quality to them. ``Well, if
you won't let me use yours, then I won't let you use mine'' is the
root of the arguments.  I don't think that there's anything wrong with
wanting an arrangment like that, I just think that it's ridiculous to
try to twist that into telling people that by restricting them you're
really helping them.  You're not, period.

@_date: 1998-10-09 10:43:29
@_author: Rick Campbell 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Date: Thu, 8 Oct 1998 20:25:25 -0400
    From: rms at gnu.org (Richard Stallman)
        Public Domain status denotes more freedom than GPL.  It allows all of
        the freedom of GPL and in addition, it allows the freedom of making
        proprietary modifications.
    Public domain gives person P the ability to make modified versions and
    give users no freedom in using them.  The result is that people in
    general have less freedom.
Your presentation confuses two different pieces of software.
It is only the derivative work which has less freedom associated with
it.  It remains the case that the person releasing their software to
the Public Domain has given the users of the software that is released
into the Public Domain more freedom to do as they will with that
By releasing into the Public Domain, the author gives up the power to
control other people's activities and allows them to make different,
derived, software which might not have the same level of freedom.
However, such activities do not detract from the freedom that remains
associated with the software that was released into the Public Domain
