
@_date: 1996-04-07 13:51:08
@_author: rngaugp@alpha.c2.org 
@_subject: RNG_DEVICE Environment Variable? 
My hack to PGP to support RNG uses the varriable RNGDRIVER,
but is in config.txt, not the environment.

@_date: 1996-04-09 09:34:10
@_author: rngaugp@alpha.c2.org 
@_subject: "Contempt" charges likely to increase 
This is why raw symetric ciphers should be used, without headers.
PGP should have an option to omit its headers when using the -c
switch. People should not be forced to use outside programs
such as stealth.
In the absence of cryptanalysis, the output of a symetric cipher
looks like random bytes.
Every one should have a hardware RNG on their computer.
"I am sorry your honor, that is a file of random numbers that I
was using to check the output of my RNG."
"I am sorry your honor that is a one-time pad I was planning
to use."
Or how about the purloined letter method? A few years back,
a hack to PGP was published, which gave the user the option
of directly controling the idea key used when encrypting/decrypting
with RSA. There even was a option to make the idea key used
in encrypting key wrong (that is, different than specified in the
encrypted RSA message).
"I am sorry your honor, that file is encrypted so that only
obiwan at galaxy.far.far.away can decrypt. It is too bad that
obiwan is outside the jusisdiction of the court."
(But in fact I can decrypt by directly specifying the idea key.)
By using the wrong idea key, I can fix it so that in the
unlikely event that someone finds obiwan, obiwan finds that
his secret key does not work. (Because the key decrypted by RSA
is wrong.)
With a little thought. you could change the above senerio to
use obiwan at alpha.c2.org and fix it so that obiwan does not
actually exist, and his secret key has been destroyed.
(Create obiwan at alpha.c2.org, but fixit so that his reply
block points off into the weeds. Create a public/secret PGP
keys for obiwan and send the public key to the public key
servers, using remailers. Using remailers, publish a few
signed articles in obiwan's name. Then wipe obiwan's secret key
with pgp -w.) You can now claim that you started a private encrypted
conversation with obiwan at alpha.c2.org. Who unfortunately can not
be found.

@_date: 1996-02-07 16:02:43
@_author: rngaugp@alpha.c2.org 
@_subject: Hardware RNG support for PGP 2.63 
There is now support for using a hardware random number generator
with the most recent version of PGP, (pgp263i)
Version pgp 2.63i is now supported.
The files for this modification of pgp
are at the export controled ftp site in the directory:
the files are:	
Sources for the modifications are included. Executables are
included for OS/2 and MSDOS.
In the above ????????? varies because of the export control
scheme. To get the files if you are in the U.S. and Canada
first get the file ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/README.MPJ and
follow the instructions.
Many thanks to mpj at netcom.com for providing storage at the
export controled ftp site. Other ftp sites are welcome to
store these files. Be aware of ITAR.
By the way I used to use the mail address:
mg5n+alias!rngaugp at andrew.cmd.edu
But I now use:
rngaugp at alpha.c2.org
because it is faster. But you can tell it is the same
person because I sign with the same PGP key.
Here is the README file that comes with the modifications.

@_date: 1996-02-13 17:53:54
@_author: rngaugp@alpha.c2.org 
@_subject: Using /dev/random for PGP key generation? Be Wary 
I have created a modified version of pgpi for use with a hardware random
number generators. Recently, there has been some confusion because
people have assumed that I wished people to use this version with
NOISE.SYS or an RNG that gathers entropy from timing events called
I did indeed mention /dev/random in the readme file, but I did this only
because I thought /dev/random would be a likely path for a hardware RNG
on a unix system. ( I have never tested this software under unix, but I
see no reason why the "RNGDRIVER" feature of the modified PGPI would not
work under unix.)
Be assured that I originally planed the modification to be used with a
real hardware RNG. I tested it with the CALNET/NEWBRIGE RNG under DOS
and OS/2. The "RNGDRIVER" feature I tested with OS/2 and the driver in
RNG810.ZIP available at ftp.cdrom.com.
You may be able to compile and run it under other OSes as well. I see no
reason why not.
It is my understanding that NOISE.SYS gathers entropy from timing
certain events. I have recently learned that a /dev/random works under
Linux also by gathering entropy from timing.
I am unsure about using my modification, together with these drivers
that are not connected to a real hardware RNG. In what way would the use
of these drivers' methods of gathering entropy be superior to PGP's
method of getting entropy from keyboard timing? If you choose to do
something like this, you should think carefully and make a careful study
of the code.
One thought for the future: It would be nice if BBS'es that run
unattended could have a version of pgp that they could run without
worrying about running out of entropy! (Because no one is there to type
on the keyboard.) Perhaps something like NOISE.SYS (that would get
entropy from the COM ports) put together with my mod to pgpi could be
made to work. But careful thought an careful design should be done
