
@_date: 2012-02-19 14:53:14
@_author: Rohan Dixit 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Assange's claim about Tor losing US government 
Thanks for the clarification, Andrew. It's dicey navigating the politics of
grant funding in a quasi-public forum like this one, but thanks for the
sincere effort.
As a disclaimer, I'm completely out of the loop (nor was I ever in it,
actually) but I'd guess the federal government believes organizations like
Wikileaks are not in their long-term interests. Given the
political-economic context this is all happening in, it doesn't seem
entirely implausible that grant committees look more favorably on
non-controversial applicants. Whether or not that's the case here is
probably irrelevant..
By chance, I had the opportunity to read a paper on Cryptome purported to
come from Mr. Assange. He describes a conspiratorial government as a
connected network, with "leaks" (a la Wikileaks) as methods of making links
between the network harder to effectively form and communicate across. I
wonder if anyone has any thoughts on it. It seemed to me that the logical
consequence of this idea is a completely open surveillance of all members
of government, i.e. "sousveillance" (sous- below) as opposed to
"surveillance" (surv- spying from "above"). It's curious that things like
releasing candidates' tax records, and the larger and larger public
scrutiny of politicians generally, shows that this process is happening
naturally regardless.
Here's a link to the Cryptome PDF:
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-03-15 11:36:54
@_author: Rohan Dixit 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Thoughts on decentralized DNS, 
Thanks for this, really helpful. My purpose in doing this is to figure out
what the most practical/quickest to deployment solution is for distributed
DNS records, so this is definitely useful.
I looked at both namecoin and CJDNS. Looks like namecoin has attracted most
of the developers from the initial project, with CJDNS still limping along
(I'm guessing based on activity here.)
Links to the code:
namecoin: CJDNS: Could you speak to the structure of namecoin a bit more? Looks like it uses
the "proof-of-work" trick from bitcoin to validate DNS records (and
arbitrary key-value pairs), unless my skimming was totally off. That's
pretty ingenious, for those who are interested I found a great blog post
that serves both as an introduction to Bitcoin and explains how it could be
used to make a distributed DNS.
It appears they're also proposing integrating with providers like OpenNIC,
OpenDNS, etc. although I'm not qualified to judge how feasible that is.
 They also share computing resources with
current bitcoin generators.... seems they've thought of everything.
Someone mentioned DNSSEC in a new off-shoot thread. DNSSEC within the
existing DNS paradigm is only a half-measure (although I think you'll
agree, an important one.)
*Notes on other dDNS providers:*
So besides namecoin and CJDNS, there's also Dot-P2p, the dDNS system that
was proposed based on the BitTorrent protocol. Some info was here:
 but the link to
 looks dead. The first hit
Googling "distributed dns" brings up another codebase that hasn't been
modified seemingly since 2005 (
 I checked out DIANNA
as well, but didn't see a link to active code so assumed it was mostly
dead. liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
