
@_date: 1995-10-30 18:41:09
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Cuban Security Conference 
Mr Guevara of the Cuban embassy in London asked me to post
this announcement. Pass it on.
    Computer Viruses and Security of Information Technologies

@_date: 1997-05-20 01:24:50
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Information Hiding Workshop 
Many researchers are interested in hiding information or in stopping other
people doing this. Current research themes include copyright marking of igital objects, covert channels in computer systems, subliminal channels in cryptographic protocols, low-probability-of-intercept communications,
broadcast encryption schemes, and various kinds of anonymity services ranging from steganography through location security to digital elections.
These closely linked areas of study were brought together in 1996 by a
workshop on information hiding held at the Isaac Newton Institute in
Cambridge. This was felt to be very worthwhile by the research community, and it was decided to hold a second workshop in 1998.
This second international workshop on information hiding will be held in Portland, Oregon from the 15th to the 17th April 1998. Instructions for authors:
Interested parties are invited to submit papers on research and practice
which are related to these areas of interest. Submissions can be made
electronically (latex or postscript; preferred format is latex using
llncs.sty) or in paper form; in the latter case, send eight copies
suitable for blind refereeing (the authors' names should be on a separate
cover sheet and there should be no obvious references). Papers should not
exceed fifteen pages in length.
Addresses for submission:
Program committee:
WWW version of cfp at Details of the first (1996) information hiding workshop are at

@_date: 1998-01-13 01:08:29
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Service denial attacks on Eternity 
Exactly. When I first talked about Eternity, which was at either the
1994 or 1995 protocols workshop, I was walking back to my seat when
Bob Morris (then at the NSA) said, from behind his hand in a stage
whisper, `Kiddyporn!'
Adam Back added:
Indeed, and a decade or so ago there was a scandal when it turned out
that the spooks were using the Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast as a pedo
brothel in order to entrap various local politicians. For them to say
now that they need key escrow to suppress Kiddyporn is a bit rich!
However the main threat is the court order - Anton Pillar or whatever
- and the best weapon against court orders is anonymity. If they don't
know your address they can't serve you the order or arrest you for
Tom Womack:
I mentioned in the paper that Mossad might deny Eternity service to
the Muslim world by posting something rude about the Prophet Mohammed.
One must of course create a lawful excuse for people to have Eternity
software mounted on their system. Maybe in addition to the `public'
Eternity service we should have many corporate or even private
services, many of which have escrow capabilities and are thus clearly
law-abiding and accountable :-)
There are many other possibilities. One topic that oozes into my
consciousness from time to time is that one might integrate covert
communications and storage with an anti-spam mail program - maybe a
natural way forward if Adam hides Eternity traffic in spam!
Tim again:
Some 90% of security research effort is on confidentiality, 9% on
authenticity and 1% on availability. Corporate infosec expenditures
are exactly the other way round, and tools to enable disaster recovery
databases to be spread holographically over a company's PCs could save
a fortune compared with the cost of some current arrangements. If a
few of these backup resources have hidden directories that mount the
public Eternity service, then who can tell?
At the Info Hiding Workshop at Portland in April, I will present a new
idea which may facilitate such implementations of Eternity. This is
the Steganographic File System - designed to provide you with any file
whose name and password you know. If you don't know this combination,
then you can't even tell that the file is there. We do not need to
make any assumptions about tamper resistance; it can be done using
suitable mathematics. (This is joint work with Roger Needham and Adi
PS: we need a better word for `eternityspace', and Bell Labs have
already trademarked `Inferno'. So what - Nirvana? Valhalla?

@_date: 1998-01-13 19:45:45
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: (eternity) autonomous agents 
Adam Back:
It's even better than this - your PC becomes a common carrier and you
are no longer liable :-)
If this doesn't happen, then the advocates of Java need a whole new
security infrastructure to assure users that the applets they download
aren't defamatory, pornographic, seditious or in breach of copyright!
Tim May:
At one time, Malta was thinking seriously about becoming just such a
data haven, and I expect one will appear sooner or later. After all,
what's left of the British Empire is funded by money laundering and
tax evasion - pardon me, Sir Humphrey, `offshore financial services'. Once the online world becomes a significant part of the global
economy, small countries that wish to achieve the high living
standards of Bermuda, Gibraltar and Jersey will be able to get there
by cashing in on `offshore data services'.
Countries like Tonga already sell domain names, but a full offshore
data service would need some way of resisting pressure from the EU and
the US government. Most of the tax havens do this by being under a
colonial umbrella. Is there an alternative? Can we create virtual
colonies in cyberspace? Can we set up a gateway to Eternity in some
country like Liberia or Somalia, which is too dangerous even for the
US Marines? Or do we have to cut a deal with Sir Humphrey?
Hiding stuff inside usenet is actually a bit like hiding behind the
skirts of Empire, isn't it? The same goes for hiding stuff on open
access web sites, or in spam. Given the rate at which spam is growing these days, maybe that's where
to put it. If the only way for Authority to cut mortals off from
Eternity was to pass effective laws against spam, and the only way to
stop spam was to have a global non-escrowed public key infrastructure
so that all mortals could be strongly authenticated, then ...

@_date: 1998-01-13 23:25:15
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: (eternity) autonomous agents 
Ryan Lackey:
A virtual datahaven could be constructed eaily provided you knew how to
index controversial matter.
Publish the rude things about the Prophet Mohammed on a server in Israel,
the anti-Serb rants in Croatia, the kiddyporn in Sweden, the violence in
America, the Nazi hate speech in Syria and the anti-scientology stuff in
If someone wants to curse and swear at the whole world at once, then there is this amazing new invention called hypertext ...

@_date: 1998-01-14 18:06:02
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Covert Superhighway - the missing component? 
Scratch Monkey proposes building an Eternity service using the Stego
File System, provided an anonymous broadcast channel exists - it's
assumed that alt.anonymous.messages will do the job.
I suspect that wide deployment of Eternity would lead to this group
being closed down. We need a more robust anonymous broadcast
channel. Let's call it the `Covert Superhighway'. How do we build it?

@_date: 2002-07-10 17:50:04
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Microsoft censors Newsweek - and new version of TCPA FAQ 
I see that MSNBC has pulled the original article on Palladium:
        Anyway, I have just put up version 1.0 of the TCPA / Palladium FAQ
at the same URL:

@_date: 2002-06-24 05:49:42
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
Microsoft admits it:
Intel admitted it to me to. They said that the reason for TCPA was that
their company makes most of its money from the PC microprocessor; they
have most of the market; so to grow the company they need to grow the
overall market for PCs; that means making sure the PC is the hub of the
future home network; and if entertainment's the killer app, and DRM is
the key technology for entertainment, then the PC must do DRM.
Now here's another aspect of TCPA. You can use it to defeat the GPL.
During my investigations into TCPA, I learned that HP has started a
development program to produce a TCPA-compliant version of GNU/linux.
I couldn't figure out how they planned to make money out of this. On
Thursday, at the Open Source Software Economics conference, I figured
out how they might.
Making a TCPA-compliant version of GNU/linux (or Apache, or whatever)
will mean tidying up the code and removing whatever features conflict
with the TCPA security policy. The company will then submit the pruned
code to an evaluator, together with a mass of documentation for the
work that's been done, including a whole lot of analyses showing, for
example, that you can't get root by a buffer overflow.
The business model, I believe, is this. HP will not dispute that the
resulting `pruned code' is covered by the GPL. You will be able to
download it, compile it, check it against the binary, and do what you
like with it. However, to make it into TCPA-linux, to run it on a
TCPA-enabled machine in privileged mode, you need more than the code.
You need a valid signature on the binary, plus a cert to use the TCPA
PKI. That will cost you money (if not at first, then eventually).
Anyone will be free to make modifications to the pruned code, but in
the absence of a signature the resulting O/S won't enable users to
access TCPA features. It will of course be open to competitors to try
to re-do the evaluation effort for enhanced versions of the pruned
code, but that will cost money; six figures at least. There will
likely be little motive for commercial competitors to do it, as HP
will have the first mover advantages and will be able to undercut them
on price. There will also be little incentive for philanthropists to
do it, as the resulting product would not really be a GPL version of a
TCPA operating system, but a proprietary operating system that the
philanthropist could give away free. (There are still issues about who
would pay for use of the PKI that hands out user certs.) The need to
go through evaluation with each change is completely incompatible with
the business model of free and open source software.
People believed that the GPL made it impossible for a company to come
along and steal code that was the result of community effort. That may have been the case so long as the processor was open, and anyone
could access supervisor mode. But TCPA changes that completely. Once
the majority of PCs on the market are TCPA-enabled, the GPL won't work
as intended any more. There has never been anything to stop people
selling complementary products and services to GPL'ed code; once the
functioning of these products can be tied to a signature on the
binary, the model breaks.
Can anyone from HP comment on whether this is actually their plan?

@_date: 2002-06-25 16:56:31
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
I don't believe that the choice is both privacy and TCPA, or neither.
Essentially all privacy violations are abuses of authorised access by
insiders. Your employer's medical insurance scheme insists on a
waiver allowing them access to your records, which they then use for
promotion decisions. The fizx is fundamentally legislative: that sort
of behaviour is generally illegal in Europe, but tolerated in the USA.
There may be symmetry when we consider the problem as theoretical
computer scientists might, as an issue for abstract machines. This
symmetry breaks rapidly when the applications are seen in context. As
well as the legal aspects, there are also the economic aspects: most
security systems promote the interests of the people who pay for them
(surprise, surprise).
So I do not agree with the argument that we must allow DRM in order to
get privacy. Following that line brings us to a world in which we have
DRM, but where the privacy abuses persist just as before. There is
simply no realistic prospect of American health insurers or HMOs settling for one-time read-only access to your medical records, no
matter how well that gets implemented in Palladium

@_date: 2002-06-29 15:31:26
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper  
Yes, this is a debate I've had with the medical privacy7 guys, some of
whom like the idea of using Palladium to protect medical records.
This is a subject on which I've a lot of experience (see my web page),
and I don't think that Palladium will help. Privacy abuses almost always
involve abuse of authorised access by an insider.
Recent case: 15-year old girl in Croydon, England, gets termination of
pregnancy without telling her mother. This is reported to the local health authority, where her uncle works; he sees the report and tells the family.
Palladium doesn't help here. Even if the unclse is constrined by the
Fritz chip from doing anything other than look at the screen, he still
has the information.
The fix for this problem is anonymous reporting, with the identity of
the girl known only to the treating physician. It is a policy issue, not a techjnology issue; if technology such as Palladium is introduced
it will most likely be by health authorities trying to find an excuse
to retain access to data that they shouldn't have in the first place.
(We've seen a similar effect with smartcards in healthcare, and in fact
the general phenomenon has an interesting similarity with what the
environmental economists call the `social reward trap': making `green'
goods available often increases pollution as people consume green goods
rather than consuming less.)
