
@_date: 2013-02-26 14:15:54
@_author: Ruben Bloemgarten 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Looking for collaborators for free-range 
Irrespective of zombies et al. Voting requires the following basic
elements :
1. verifiability when casting the vote, i.e. the voter can see that the
vote that is cast will be the vote that is counted. This is not possible
without a paper trail which is also a valid vote.
2. Counting control. Each step of the electoral process has to be
transparent for it to be valid. This means that *anyone* is allowed to
observe the counting of the votes, *and* is able to understand that
counting process. A printout of a result is not sufficient. Don4t forget
that casting the vote is the least important of the process, counting
the votes is.
3. Anonimity. There can not be any moment that a vote can be backtracked
to the person voting. Again, this can not be based on "trusting a
system". In many voting laws this anonymity has to be guaranteed, a
guarantee that even with paper ballots is problematic, but is
practically impossible in the case of electronic voting.
When we are discussing voting in its function of the backbone of a
democratic system, i.e. the moment when we temporarily delegate our
individual power to a representative, deciding who will wield the
monopoly on violence, there can be no aspect of this process that is
based on trust. If ever there was a system which has distrust at its
core, it is voting.
The only way to have any form of electronic voting be reliable is when
it is seconded by a re-countable paper copy, which means the choice is
between one big central printer distributing paper ballots or lots of
little little ones printing the ballot on the fly. This excludes online
voting completely and makes the entire concept a little silly really.
Apart from a child-like enthusiasm for anything with buttons and shiny
lights, can anyone here explain to me what the intended benefits of
electronic voting over paper voting would be ?
Please note that all of the above only applies to political elections,
electronic voting is perfectly fine when voting for the X-factor.
- Ruben
Too many emails? Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password by emailing moderator at companys at stanford.edu or changing your settings at
