
@_date: 1993-11-25 09:59:49
@_author: Russell Earl Whitaker 
@_subject: Forwarded Article 
I'll write more on the (I think successful) ECFP '93 later; for

@_date: 1993-10-08 02:25:40
@_author: Russell Earl Whitaker 
@_subject: MEETING: UK Cryptoprivacy Association 
UK Cryptoprivacy Association meeting
Time:  1430
At the offices of:
   FOREST
   4th floor
   2 Grosvenor Gardens
   London   SW1W 0DH
[ FOREST is located at the corner of Grosvenor Gardens and Hobart
  Place, a couple of blocks west of Victoria Station. There is a   taxi shelter across the street from the office. Those who have   trouble finding this location can page Russell Whitaker on    081-812-2661, and stand by the payphone or cellphone for a callback. ]
The UK Cryptoprivacy Association has its roots in the U.S. cypherpunk advocacy of strong personal cryptography.  The next UKCA meeting, to be held at the offices of FOREST (see the above), will feature roundtable discussion on such issues as:
    - The recent well-publicised discovery of a larger number of U.S.         National Security Agency (NSA) electronic listening posts         than had been previously suspected;
    - Further news on the spread of freely-available public key         cryptography software in Eastern Europe, Russia, and the         Transcaucasian states;
    - The status of the various UK and Moscow PGP public key servers and         software archive sites, with input from a couple of maintainers         of these services in the UK;
    - The implications of the legal controversy surrounding the         development and distribution of PGP encryption software in the         U.S., with further discussion on the possibility of volunteer         contributions to Phil Zimmermann's legal defence fund;
    - Introduction to public key cryptography for novices
Attendees are encouraged to bring and exchange diskettes with their PGP public keys.  A few of us will bring along our MS-DOS laptops, to sign public keys on site.  In the interest of speeding things along, it is recommended that all keys signed at the meeting be submitted later, with their newly appended signatures, to the PGP Key Server at Demon Internet Services.  Send a message with the subject line "help" to pgp-public-keys at demon.co.uk, for more information.  PGP (Phil Zimmermann's "Pretty Good Privacy") public key encryption software can be obtained by ftp from, among other places, ftp.demon.co.uk in the directory /pub/pgp.  Versions include, but are not limited to, Unix, MS-DOS, Archimedes, and MacOS.  Full source code is available.
This meeting will also feature discussion on the upcoming First European Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy (ECFP '93) to be held on 20 November 1993, which will feature speakers including John Gilmore, David Chaum, and Duncan Frissell, as well as a representative of the UK's Data Protection Registry.
Russell Earl Whitaker
ECFP Ventures Ltd
Russell Earl Whitaker                   whitaker at eternity.demon.co.uk
Communications Editor                                 AMiX: RWhitaker
EXTROPY: The Journal of Transhumanist Thought
Board member, Extropy Institute (ExI)
    Co-organizer, 1st European Conference on Computers, Freedom and
    Privacy, London, 20 November 1993

@_date: 1993-10-31 18:19:39
@_author: Russell Earl Whitaker 
@_subject: MEDIA: PGP in CompuServe Magazine 
1 Nov 93
Yesterday, 31 Oct 93, in London, some of us privacy
advocates held another meeting of the UK Cryptoprivacy Association.
One of our regulars brought in the latest CompuServe Magazine,
the issue of November 1993.  I was delighted to read an article
(pp 19-25), "The Digital Deadbolt", strongly advocating the use
of secure cryptography, including PGP 2.3.
The article, written by Christopher J. Galvin, an associate
editor of the publication, was truly an advocacy piece.
For those on CompuServe (CIS) who were unfamiliar with the issues,
cogent and useful reasons for using encryption were given, with
pointers for finding the relevant software.  I quote:
   ZIFFNET PUBLIC BRAND SOFTWARE
   APPLICATION FORUM (GO PBSFORUM)
   Pretty Good Privacy 2.3 - The controversial
      program PGP combines the convenience of
      the RSA public-key cryptosystem with the
      speed of conventional cryptography to protect
      e-mail and data files.  Includes digital
      signatures, data compression before encryption
      and sophisticated key management.
      Manual included.  Freeware.  Library 1, "Hot
      Off the Presses," PGPRIV.ZIP (232,895 bytes).
Further file references included text in the CYBER FORUM (GO
CYBERFORUM) on anonymous remailers (Library 13, "MONDO 2000,"
PRIVAC (7,078 bytes)), and a NIST publication on public-key
cryptology in ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FORUM (GO EFFSIG), (Library 3,
"The Frontier Files," PUB_KE.EXE (125,472 bytes)).
CompuServe claims a worldwide subscriber base of around 1
million accounts.  Every account holder is sent a monthly copy
of CompuServe Magazine.  Based on this circulation alone, the
article is a notable achievement in public access to strong
What makes it even more notable is the bald admission in the
article that
     "... PGP and RIPEM aren't circulating as far as they might.
      They've been removed from various CompuServe forum
      libraries and some university Internet sites by sysops and
      administrators concerned that export laws might be
      violated by online availability."
Those who are puzzled as to why, then, PGP is listed in the same
article as being available _through_ CompuServe should take note
that it is not available _on_ CompuServe.  Having had some
CompuServe experience myself, I was struck by what I think might
be the case here: Ziffnet is a separate service from CompuServe
(CIS), with CIS acting solely as a gateway.  Ziff-Davis is a
very large publishing house.  Anyone who's been to trade shows
around the world has run across the Ziff-Davis booth, where
various of its magazines - the biggest names in the business -
are given away as samples.
It may be an ill-informed hunch on my part, but I suspect that
Ziff-Davis is drawing on its statutory rights as a _publisher_
to make PGP available through one or more gateway services.  If
this is the case, I applaud them.
And I congratulate CompuServe for having run Mr. Galvin's
article.  Christopher Galvin can be reached at
70003.5571 at compuserve.com.
Russell Earl Whitaker                   whitaker at eternity.demon.co.uk
Communications Editor                                 AMiX: RWhitaker
EXTROPY: The Journal of Transhumanist Thought
Board member, Extropy Institute (ExI)
    Co-organizer, 1st European Conference on Computers, Freedom and
    Privacy, London, 20 November 1993
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

@_date: 1993-09-28 20:21:37
@_author: Russell Earl Whitaker 
@_subject: CONFERENCE: European Computers, Freedom & Privacy 
ECFP '93:
The First European Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy
The New Cavendish Club
London, England
20th November 1993
Organised by ECFP Ventures Limited
Co-operating organisations :
  The Libertarian Alliance
  Privacy International, UK
  UK Cryptoprivacy Association
