
@_date: 2003-07-18 14:03:17
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: [johnmacsgroup] Thompson: Kingdom of Fear - 2003 
By Hunter S. Thompson
Let's face it, the yo-yo president of the U.S.A. knows nothing. He is a
dunce. He does what he is told to do, says what he is told to say, poses
the way he is told to pose. He is a fool.
No. Nonsense. The president cannot be a Fool. Not at this moment in
time, when the last living vestiges of the American Dream are on the
line. This is not the time to have a bogus rich kid in charge of the
White House.
Which is, after all, our house. That is our headquarters, it is where
the heart of America lives. So if the president lies and acts giddy
about other people's lives, if he wantonly and stupidly endorses mass
murder by definition, a loud and meaningless animal with no functional
intelligence and no balls.
To say this goofy child president is looking more and more like Richard
Nixon in the summer of 1974 would be a flagrant insult to Nixon.
Whoops! Did I say that? Is it even vaguely possible that some New Age
Republican whore-beast of a false president could actually make Richard
Nixon look like a Liberal?
The capacity of these vicious assholes we elected to be in charge of our
lives for four years to commit terminal damage to our lives and our
souls and our loved ones is far beyond Nixon's. Shit! Nixon was the
creator of many of the once-proud historical landmarks that these dumb
bastards are savagely destroying now: the Clean Air Act of 1970;
Campaign Finance Reform; the endangered species act; a Real-Politik
dialogue with China; and on and on.
The prevailing quality of life in America-by any accepted methods of
measuring-was inarguably freer and more politically open under Nixon
than it is today in this evil year of our Lord 2002.
The Boss was a certified monster who deserved to be impeached and
banished. He was a truthless creature of former FBI Director J. Edgar
Hoover, a foul human monument to corruption and depravity on a scale
that dwarfs any other public official in American history. But Nixon was
at least smart enough to understand why so many honorable patriotic U.S.
citizens despised him. He was a Liar. The truth was not in him.
Nixon believed, as he said many times, that if the president of the
United States does it, it can't be illegal. But Nixon never understood
the much higher and meaner truth of Bob Dylan's warning that "To live
outside the law you must be honest."
The difference between an outlaw and a war criminal is the difference
between a pedophile and a Pederast: The pedophile is a person who thinks
about sexual behavior with children, and the Pederast does these things.
He lays hands on innocent children, he penetrates them and changes their
lives forever.
Being the object of a pedophile's warped affections is a Routine feature
of growing up in America, and being a victim of a Pederast's crazed
"love" is part of dying. Innocence is no longer an option. Once
penetrated, the child becomes a Queer in his own mind, and that is not
much different than murder.
Richard Nixon crossed the line when he began murdering foreigners in the
name of "family values"- and George Bush crossed it when he sneaked into
office and began killing brown skinned children in the name of Jesus and
the American people.
When Muhammad Ali declined to be drafted and forced to kill "gooks" in
Vietnam he said, "I ain't got nothin' against them Viet Cong. No Cong
ever called me Nigger."  I agreed with him, according to my own personal
ethics and values. He was right.
If we all had a dash of Muhammad Ali's eloquent courage, this country
and the world would be a better place today because of it. Okay. That's
it for now. Read it and weep....See you tomorrow, folks. You haven't
heard the last of me. I am the one who speaks for the spitit of freedom
and decency in you. Shit. Somebody has to do it.
We have become a Nazi monster in the eyes of the whole world-a nation of
bullies and bastards who would rather kill than live peacefully. We are
not just Whores for power and oil, but killer whores with hate and fear
in our hearts. We are human scum, and that is how history will judge
us... No redeeming social value. Just whores. Get out of our way, or
we'll kill you. Well, shit on that dumbness. George W. Bush does not speak for me or my
son or my mother or my friends or the people I respect in this world. We
didn't vote for these cheap, greedy little killers who speak for America
today- and we will not vote for them again in 2002. Or 2004. Or ever.
Who does vote for these dishonest shitheads? Who among us can be happy
and proud of having all this innocent blood on our hands? Who are these
These flag-sucking half-wits who get fleeced and fooled by stupid little
rich kids like George Bush? They are the same ones who wanted to have
Muhammad Ali locked up for refusing to kill "gooks". They speak for all
that is cruel and stupid and vicious in the American character. They are
racists and hate mongers among us-they are the Ku Klux Klan. I piss down
the throats of these Nazis. And I am too old to worry about whether they
like it or not. Fuck them.

@_date: 2004-08-02 12:37:02
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: Bulk of 2004's virus infections pinned on one man 
(And he may even be guilty!)
Bulk of year's PC infections pinned to one man
By Munir Kotadia
Special to CNET News.com
Story last modified July 28, 2004, 2:08 PM PDT
Sven Jaschan, self-confessed author of the Netsky and Sasser viruses, is
responsible for 70 percent of virus infections in 2004, according to a
six-month virus roundup published Wednesday by antivirus company Sophos.
The 18-year-old Jaschan was taken into custody in Germany in May by
police who said he had admitted to programming both the Netsky and
Sasser worms, something experts at Microsoft confirmed. (A Microsoft
antivirus reward program led to the teenager's arrest.) During the five
months preceding Jaschan's capture, there were at least 25 variants of
Netsky and one of the port-scanning network worm Sasser.
Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at Sophos, said it was
staggering that one person could be responsible for so many infections.
Richard Starnes, president of security industry group ISSA UK, was also
impressed: "Is he going to put this on his CV?" he asked.
Cluley said there is still a chance that others may be implicated in the
Netsky virus, although so far no one else has been arrested.
"The full story of the Netsky gang isn't known yet. We know some of his
fellow students have been questioned, but the real motives are not fully
known," said Cluley.
According to Sophos, the Sasser worm came out on top with 26.1 percent
of infections, while Netsky.p, Netsky.b and Netsky.d take second, third
and fourth places respectively. The only non-Jaschan viruses in the top
10 are MyDoom.a (fifth place), Zafi.b (sixth place), Sober.c (ninth
place) and Bagle.a (tenth place).
"Sasser may have taken top spot, but six of the biggest viruses of the
last six months were Netsky and Bagle variants--these caused a continued
nuisance for PC users the world over as their authors entered into a
very public game of virus writing one-upmanship," said Cluley.
Starnes said that although Jaschan has been arrested, there are always
other people willing to step into his shoes.
"Virus writers tend to grow out of the hobby, but hackers do not tend to
stop. There is a high turnover rate in the virus-writing community.
There will always be somebody there to step in to fill the gap," he
Cluley agreed, but pointed out that organized criminals are increasingly
getting involved in virus writing and are less likely to be caught
because they tend to be more careful.
"There is a greater criminal element in virus writing than ever before.
If you are an organized gang making money out of viruses and hacking,
you don't go around bragging or having a playground scuffle that results
in one of your number grassing you up to Microsoft," said Cluley.
Munir Kotadia of ZDNet UK reported from London.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-12-21 10:59:45
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: No subject 
, cyberia Internet downloaders could face jail sentences and software makers
may be required to add anti-copying technology to products
distributed in France under draft legislation that's expected to go
to a vote this week.
The so-called emergency legislation would require software makers to
include digital-rights management, or DRM, software in their
products, according to a draft (.pdf) of the proposed legislation
seen by Wired News.
...French legislators are also calling for three-year jail sentences
and fines of 300,000 euros for illegally copying music, video or any
other copyright-protected files.
...But forcing all software makers to conform to special DRM rules
for France alone is likely unworkable, said Urs Gasser, professor of
law at the University of St.
...The lower house of France's national assembly is scheduled to vote
as early as Thursday on the legislation, which has been proposed as a
way to bring France into compliance with a pending European
Commission copyright directive.
...The language of the proposal reflects lobbying pressure from
French media giant Vivendi Universal and other recording industry
interests, said Loic Dachary, founder of the eucd.info watch group
and treasurer of The Free Software Foundation in France.
"Vivendi Universal, the Business Software Alliance and the Soci?t?
des Auteurs et des Compositeurs de Musique actually drafted these
texts that the legislators are using," Dachary said.
The industry considers the imposition of strong, proactive measures
on software makers necessary to thwart pirates, especially in Europe
where more than one in three copies of software in use is unlicensed,
said Ga?lle Prigent-Protasov, a vice president of software maker
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-05 11:18:15
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: No subject 
, JMG Thursday, April 06, 2006 at 2:15 AM EDT
Pentagon says improper data in security database
Wed Apr 5, 2006 4:37 PM ET
By Will Dunham
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Wednesday a review launched
after revelations that it had collected data on U.S. peace activists
found that roughly 260 entries in a classified database of possible
terrorist threats should not have been kept there.
But the review reaffirmed the value of the so-called Talon reporting
system on potential threats to Pentagon personnel or facilities by
international terrorists, said Bryan Whitman, a senior Pentagon
spokesman. He said the Pentagon was putting in place new safeguards and
oversight intended to prevent improper information from going in the
Whitman said "less than 2 percent" of the more than 13,000 database
entries provided through the Talon system "should not have been there or
should have been removed at a certain point in time."
Whitman disputed critics' assertions that the program amounted to
Pentagon domestic spying, although he declined to state the nature of
these entries or the people they involved, saying the database's
contents are classified. Whitman stressed that to be properly placed in
the database, a threat must have a suspected link to international
Under the Talon system, Defense Department civilian and military
personnel are asked to report on activities they deem suspicious. These
reports go in the Cornerstone database, handled by a Pentagon agency
called the Counterintelligence Field Activity, or CIFA.
The review was ordered in December by Stephen Cambone, under secretary
of defense for intelligence, after revelations that the database
included information on U.S. citizens including peace activists and
others who did not represent a genuine security threat.
NBC News and defense analyst William Arkin disclosed at the time a
sample of the database containing reports of 1,519 "suspicious
incidents" between July 2004 and May 2005, including activities by
antiwar and anti-military protesters.
This included a military intelligence unit monitoring a Quaker meeting
in Lake Worth, Florida, on plans to protest military recruiting in high
The Pentagon is legally restricted in the types of information it can
gather about activities and individuals inside the United States.
A memo from Deputy Defense Secretary Gordon England said the Talon
system "has detected international terrorist interest in specific
military bases and has led to and supported counterterrorism
investigations." It called the data "unfiltered and non-validated
potential threat information."
Whitman said data reported through Talon could be turned over the FBI or
local law enforcement.
The Pentagon said it will conduct annual oversight reviews of the Talon
program, designate supervisors to review each Talon report before
submission to the database, and direct CIFA to review submissions to
ensure they are proper.
Whitman said he did not know if the Pentagon had disciplined anyone for
putting improper information in the database, but was "not aware of any
malicious or deliberate attempts" to use the Talon system against a
specific person or group.
Some critics have noted similarities in the Pentagon's activities during
the Iraq War and those of the Vietnam War period, when it spied on
antiwar activists.
"If the Pentagon has been collecting information improperly on
Americans, it should provide a full accounting of what kind of
information it collected, on whom and why, subject only perhaps to
protecting the privacy of individuals," said Kate Martin, director of
the Center for National Security Studies, a civil liberties group
interested in government surveillance.
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-01-28 06:54:04
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: No subject 
cyberia Mich. court: Downloading porn is making it
MUSKEGON, Mich., Jan. 27 (UPI) -- A Michigan appeals court has ruled  downloading child pornography from the Internet can be charged as  the material.
Making or manufacturing child pornography is a felony in Michigan with a
potential sentence of 20 years in prison. The court upheld the  position of
the Muskegon County prosecutor in the case of former Egelston Township
Treasurer Brian Hill, the Muskegon Chronicle reported.
Hill is awaiting trial. The court ruling has put his case on the docket,
although the issue is likely to be decided by the state Supreme Court.
His lawyer argued that downloading pornography should be charged as
possession, which carries a maximum penalty of four years.
"It's groundbreaking law in the area of computers and pornography," said
prosecutor Tony Tague. "This decision will provide a tool to prosecutors
across the state, particularly in curbing and prosecuting child  The court decision is here:
It says, in part:
After reviewing the dictionary definition of the word make, the  circuit court
stated that the bottom line was that, following the mechanical and  act of burning images onto the CD-Rs, something new was created or  made that
did not previously exist.
Cuckoosnest mailing list
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at:

@_date: 2006-06-18 12:36:21
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: No subject 
Sunday, June 18, 2006 at 12:34 PM EDT
 Research explores data mining, privacy
By BRIAN BERGSTEINSat Jun 17, 10:50 PM ET
As new disclosures mount about government surveillance programs,
computer science researchers hope to wade into the fray by enabling data
mining that also protects individual privacy.
Largely by employing the head-spinning principles of cryptography, the
researchers say they can ensure that law enforcement, intelligence
agencies and private companies can sift through huge databases without
seeing names and identifying details in the records.
For example, manifests of airplane passengers could be compared with
terrorist watch lists b without airline staff or government agents
seeing the actual names on the other side's list. Only if a match were
made would a computer alert each side to uncloak the record and probe
"If it's possible to anonymize data and produce ... the same results as
clear text, why not?" John Bliss, a privacy lawyer in IBM Corp.'s
"entity analytics" unit, told a recent workshop on the subject at
Harvard University.
The concept of encrypting or hiding identifying details in sensitive
databases is not new. Exploration has gone on for years, and researchers
say some government agencies already deploy such technologies b though
protecting classified information rather than individual privacy is a
main goal.
Even the data-mining project that perhaps drew more scorn than any other
in recent years, the Pentagon's Total Information Awareness research
program, funded at least two efforts to anonymize database scans. Those
anonymizing systems were dropped when Congress shuttered TIA, even while
the data-mining aspects of the project lived on in intelligence
Still, anonymizing technologies have been endorsed repeatedly by panels
appointed to examine the implications of data mining. And intriguing
progress appears to have been made at designing information-retrieval
systems with record anonymization, user audit logs b which can confirm
that no one looked at records beyond the approved scope of an
investigation b and other privacy mechanisms "baked in."
The trick is to do more than simply strip names from records. Latanya
Sweeney of Carnegie Mellon University b a leading privacy technologist
who once had a project funded under TIA b has shown that 87 percent of
Americans could be identified by records listing solely their birthdate,
gender and ZIP code.
Sweeney had this challenge in mind as she developed a way for the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development to anonymously track the
The system became necessary to meet the conflicting demands of two laws
b one that requires homeless shelters to tally the people they take in,
and another that prohibits victims of domestic violence from being
identified by agencies that help them.
Sweeney's solution deploys a "hash function," which cryptographically
converts information to a random-appearing code of numbers and letters.
The function can't be reversed to reveal the original data.
When homeless shelters had to submit their records to regional HUD
offices for counting how many people used the facilities, each shelter
would send only hashed data.
A key detail here is that each homeless shelter would have its own
computational process, known as an algorithm, for hashing data. That
way, one person's name wouldn't always translate into the same code b a
method that could be abused by a corrupt insider or savvy stalker who
gained access to the records.
However, if the same name generated different codes at different
shelters, it would be impossible to tell whether one person had been to
two centers and was being double-counted. So Sweeney's system adds a
second step: Each shelter's hashed records are sent to all other
facilities covered by the HUD regional office, then hashed again and
sent back to HUD as a new code.
It might be hard to wrap your mind around this, but it's a fact of the
cryptography involved: If one person had been to two different shelters
b and so their anonymized data got hashed twice, once by each of the
shelters applying its own formula b then the codes HUD received in this
second phase would indicate as much. That would aid an accurate count.
Even if HUD decides not to adopt the system, Sweeney hopes it finds use
in other settings, such as letting private companies and law enforcement
anonymously compare whether customer records and watch lists have names
in common.
A University of California, Los Angeles professor, Rafail Ostrovsky,
said the CIA and the National Security Agency are evaluating a program
of his that would let intelligence analysts search huge batches of
intercepted communications for keywords and other criteria, while
discarding messages that don't apply.
Ostrovsky and co-creator William Skeith believe the system would keep
innocent files away from snoops' eyes while also extending their reach:
Because the program would encrypt its search terms and the results, it
could be placed on machines all over the Internet, not just computers in
classified settings.
"Technologically it is possible" to bolster security and privacy,
Ostrovsky said. "You can kind of have your cake and eat it too."
That may be the case, but creating such technologies is just part of the
One problem is getting potential users to change how they deal with
Rebecca Wright, a Stevens Institute of Technology professor who is part
of a five-year National Science Foundation-funded effort to build
privacy protections into data-mining systems, illustrates that issue
with the following example.
The Computing Research Association annually analyzes the pay earned by
university computer faculty. Some schools provide anonymous lists of
salaries; more protective ones send just their minimum, maximum and
average pay.
Researchers affiliated with Wright's project, known as Portia, offered a
way to calculate the figures with better accuracy and privacy. Instead
of having universities send their salary figures for the computer
association to crunch, Portia's system can perform calculations on data
without ever storing it in unencrypted fashion. With such secrecy, the
researchers argued, every school could safely send full salary lists.
But the software remains unadopted. One large reason, Wright said, was
that universities questioned whether encryption gave them legal standing
to provide full salary lists when they previously could not b even
though the new lists never would leave the university in unencrypted
Even if data-miners were eager to adopt privacy enhancements, Wright and
other researchers worry that the programs' obscure details might be
difficult for the public to trust.
Steven Aftergood, who heads the Federation of American Scientists'
project on government secrecy, suggested that public confidence could be
raised by subjecting government data-mining projects to external privacy
But that seems somewhat unrealistic, he said, given that intelligence
agencies have been slow to share surveillance details with Congress even
on a classified basis.
"That part of the problem may be harder to solve than the technical
part," Aftergood said. "And in turn, that may mean that the problem may
not have a solution."
On the Net:
Portia: Sweeney: My Original Writing blog - You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-03 01:16:40
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: No subject 
Dewayne Hendricks Friday, March 03, 2006 at 4:14 PM EST
Peggy Lim and Anne Krishnan, Staff Writers
Bill Xia wants to lead a life guided by simple principles.
Truthfulness. Compassion. Tolerance.
But he's caught up in a complicated business: staying a step ahead of
China's Internet censors.
Xia's North Carolina-based company, Dynamic Internet Technology,
disguises Web sites so they can slip past China's firewall filters. It
allows Internet users in China to browse otherwise blocked pages
involving such taboo topics as human rights, banned religious groups and
peasant uprisings.
Trying to outwit China's cybercops is a cat-and-mouse game, not without
Xia is reluctant to have his photograph taken. He agreed to be
interviewed on the condition that the city where he lives and works not
be disclosed. He met with a reporter in a quiet corner of a Triangle
Though they keep a low profile, Xia and like-minded people who have been
dubbed "hacktivists" have recently been thrust into the international
On Feb. 15, a congressional subcommittee hauled executives from Google,
Yahoo, Microsoft and Cisco Systems into hearings about their business
dealings in China. Legislators also recently introduced bills that would
prohibit U.S. businesses from bending to censorship in other countries
and promote technology like Xia's to let people circumvent government
censorship online.
"It's not that suddenly we did something new," said Xia, who founded
Dynamic Internet Technology in 2001. But attention on the other
companies, he said, prompted people to ask: Is it possible to get around
China's firewall?
"And yes," he said, "actually, people have been succeeding at this for
Studying physics in an Ohio graduate school in the 1990s, the Chinese
native was once content to be ensconced in some university library,
cozying up to an equation-filled textbook. He planned to become a
But that trajectory changed.
Finding a mission
Xia became friends with some computer science students. And he joined
Falun Gong, a group that combines calisthenics with spiritual
cultivation. The Chinese government banned Falun Gong as a subversive
organization in 1999.
Xia, who is in his early 30s, said his dramatic awakening came in July
1999 when China started to crack down on millions of Falun Gong
followers, imprisoning and punishing practitioners. "Then it became
personal," Xia said.
He noticed the discrepancy between his own experience in Falun Gong and
news about it from China, which branded it an "evil cult." He saw how
discussion was restricted on online Chinese forums, how e-mail
mentioning the subject got dropped.
"I started to see the need to let people access uncensored info," Xia
Each day, his company sends out e-mail to millions of Chinese Internet
users with links to the Web pages of a short roster of clients,
including Human Rights in China and the United States-sponsored Voice of
America and Radio Free Asia. Visits to such sites spike whenever there
seems to be a government cover-up, as during the initial outbreak of a
deadly respiratory virus in 2003 or the reported shooting of protesting
villagers in December.
Organizations such as Voice of America are an important source of income
for Xia's company. Over the past three years, the U.S. Broadcasting
Board of Governors, which oversees Voice of America and Radio Free Asia,
has directed about $2 million to Xia's company, Dynamic Internet
Technology, and $66,000 to UltraReach, another company that circumvents
The money pays for Dynamic Internet Technology's e-mail service for VOA
and Radio Free Asia. It also supports technology that continuously
changes the organizations' Web addresses to escape Chinese government
Still, Xia, who depends on his wife's salary and a team of about 10 core
volunteers, says the company is constantly on the brink of bankruptcy.
"We spend all we have on DynaWeb," he said.
DynaWeb, Dynamic Internet Technology's main tool, offers Web users in
China portals and software to anonymously view practically any blocked
Web site, except some pornographic sites that the company also blocks.
Pressure from China
To grab a piece of the booming Chinese market, American Internet
companies have bowed to pressure from Chinese censors.
Yahoo China revealed private information to the Chinese government that
led to the jailing of a journalist. Microsoft's MSN yanked a
controversial web log from the Internet. Congress summoned Cisco for
making the hardware China uses to censor the Internet.
And in January, Google announced that it had launched a search engine
that filters out results proscribed by the Chinese government.
A search for "Falun Dafa" on Google.com and on the company's
China-specific portal Google.cn, yields different results on a
comparison tool developed by the OpenNet Initiative, a collaboration of
universities in the United States, Canada and England.
Google.com returns official and informational Web pages about the Falun
Gong or Falun Dafa faith; Google.cn returns Chinese government memos and
sites calling Falun Gong heretical and absurd.
Google's vice president of global communications testified in
congressional hearings that the company had to obey the communist
government's rules to provide good service for Chinese customers and
shore up its declining market share in the face of "explosive growth" of
the Internet in China.
Arvind Malhotra, a global entrepreneurship professor at Kenan-Flagler
Business School at UNC-Chapel Hill, said he thinks Google made the right
business decision.
"We hold values here," he said, "but it is just too big of a market, too
good of a market to not compromise and bend a little bit."
But businesses have more leverage than they think, said Xiao Qiang,
director of the China Internet Project at the University of California
at Berkeley's graduate journalism school. American companies provide the
best technology and the best services, he said, and China's Internet
could not develop as well without them.
Two-way leverage
"They obviously need the China market, but China also needs these
companies," he said. "When the companies are being pushed by the public
here and the government, there will be a space for them to negotiate
with the [Chinese] government, pushing back much more than they are
So far, Xia and his colleagues have been able to avoid a backlash from
the U.S. side of the technology world.
In 2004, the anti-virus company Symantec briefly labeled Xia's software
a Trojan horse, which masquerades as a useful program, but once opened
executes malicious code. Symantec quickly removed Xia's software from
its list of viruses after articles about the technology came out.
Joe Freddoso, a spokesman for Cisco Systems in Research Triangle Park,
said he doesn't consider tools that redirect Web surfers to different
sites to be a security threat, either.
"When there's something that interrupts the information flow, you're
going to have smart minds that figure out ways around that stoppage," he
said. "It's normal business on the Internet."
Still, Xia is protective of the identity of his small team of
volunteers, some of whom are software programmers in major companies
across the United States. Xia, the company's only full-time staff
member, doesn't want the others to risk their jobs for the maverick work
they do on the side.
He also acknowledges that his company must limit DynaWeb to Chinese-only
versions. The company hides it from English-language users for fear they
might use it to skirt corporate firewalls at their workplaces.
When outrunning China's censors while remaining incognito gets
stressful, Xia retreats inward to meditate on the basic Falun Gong
tenets that motivated him in the first place.
Truthfulness. Compassion. Tolerance.
But he reflects: "To be a good person ... throughout the years, I
discover, that's really hard to do."
Staff writer Peggy Lim can be reached at 836-5799 or
plim at newsobserver.com.
WHAT COMPANY DOES AND WHO USES IT
What does Dynamic Internet Technology do?
* It sends out mass e-mail messages for organizations including Voice of
America (VOA), Radio Free Asia and Human Rights in China. It uses
techniques similar to spam's to get by Internet Service Provider
filters. It might, for instance, substitute "V_O_A" for blacklisted
words such as "VOA."
* Its main technology, DynaWeb, allows Chinese Web users to anonymously
view practically any blocked Web site.
How does a user access DynaWeb?
An Internet user in China can send the company e-mail or an instant
message to get the latest working IP addresses or URLs for DynaWeb. A
DynaWeb site acts as a portal from which a user can connect to
practically any banned site. The Web addresses must constantly change,
because China's cybercops can block a Web site within several weeks or
A user can also download DynaWeb software called Freegate. Freegate
enables Internet browsers to directly access banned content. "The
software knows lots of holes and how to identify new holes," company
founder Bill Xia said.
Who uses DynaWeb?
About 100,000 people in China use DynaWeb each day, Xia said.
That's a tiny fraction of China's estimated 120 million Web users.
But Xiao Qiang, a University of California, Berkeley, professor, says
Freegate is important because of the types of people who use it:
journalists, writers and academics who are thinking and writing about
international politics and China's domestic affairs.
Dynamic Internet Technology
You can test how the search engine results on Google.com differ from
those on Google.cn at Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-18 06:46:15
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: No subject 
, JMG Friday, May 19, 2006 at 12:00 AM EDT
Blu-ray makes unexpected, three-way DRM choice for high-def DVD
Scott M. Fulton, III
August 10, 2005 17:18
Hollywood (CA) - In an announcement last night, the Blu-ray Disc
Association, led by Sony, representing one of two competing
high-definition DVD formats, stated it will simultaneously embrace
digital watermarking, programmable cryptography, and a self-destruct
code for Blu-ray disc players.
The BDA statement is unprecedented not only because its solution to the
nagging problem of digital rights management is to embrace every option
on the table, but also because Blu-ray appears to have developed its own
approach - in some cases, proprietary - to each of these three
technologies. Knowledge of this impending fact may have been what tipped
movie studio 20th Century-Fox last week to throw its support behind
Blu-ray, in a move that experts believe balanced the scales in Blu-ray's
ongoing battle with competing format HD DVD - backed by a forum led by
Toshiba - to become the next high-def industry standard.
The digital watermarking technique, which will be called ROM Mark, is
described in the statement as "a unique and undetectable identifier in
pre-recorded BD-ROM media such as movies, music and games." "BD-ROM" is
the proposed writable version of the Blu-ray format. Little else is
known about ROM Mark at this time, except that the statement describes
it as being undetectable to consumers. This is noteworthy in itself,
since a previously heralded watermark applied to first-generation DVDs
was notoriously defeated by someone writing over it with a permanent
One part of the announcement that had been anticipated by experts was
Blu-ray's embrace of Advanced Access Content System (AACS), one version
of which has also been adopted by the HD DVD Forum. This controversial
technology would require that disc players maintain permanent
connections to content providers via the Internet, making it possible
for discs that fail a security check to trigger a notification process,
enabling the provider to send the player a sort of "self-destruct code."
This code would come in the form of a flash ROM "update" that would
actually render the player useless, perhaps unless and until it is taken
to a repair shop for reprogramming. The Blu-ray statement noted that
certain elements of AACS have yet to be formally approved by the BDA.
The third part of the announcement that is perhaps most surprising, is
Blu-ray's adoption of a third DRM technique that appears to embrace some
of the ideals of one of the technologies that had been considered,
without actually licensing its methodology or its existing tools. The
BDA statement introduces what it calls "BD+," described as "a Blu-ray
Disc specific programmable renewability enhancement that gives content
providers an additional means to respond to organized attacks on the
security system by allowing dynamic updates of compromised code."
BD+ appears to be Blu-ray's version of a concept previously under
consideration called SPDC, which enabled the method for encrypting a
disc's contents to be included on the disc, rather than on the EPROMs of
the disc player. One of the perceived failures of first-generation DVD
was that its encryption mechanism of choice, called Content Scramble
System (CSS), was spectacularly defeated, with the result being that the
industry was forced to permanently and irreversibly support a
now-worthless encryption scheme. With SPDC, new encryption algorithms
could be adopted as old ones are cracked, enabling successive
generations of high-def DVD to be stronger than earlier ones.
Two months ago, the HD DVD Forum considered a coupling of AACS with
SPDC. But a scientifically accurate though politically imbalanced white
paper released by the creators of SPDC technology, Cryptography
Research, Inc. (CRI), soundly rebuked alternative DRM technologies, and
thus may have unintentionally played a role in SPDC's falling out of
favor with the original supporters of CSS, some of whom were HD DVD
Forum members. The Forum rejected "AACS+SPDC" for undisclosed reasons,
leading many to speculate that Blu ray would respond by embracing SPDC.
However, as SPDC was originally discussed, there would only have been
one encryption standard in use throughout the industry at any one time.
According to yesterday evening's BDA statement, BD+ would follow SPDC's
core principle, but instead allow each content provider to utilize
whatever encryption standard it sees fit at the time. "With these
enhancements," the statement reads, "content providers have a number of
methods to choose from to combat hacks on Blu-ray players. Moreover, BD+
affects only players that have been attacked, as opposed to those that
are vulnerable but haven't been attacked and therefore continue to
operate properly."
This last sentence is important, because one key objection that experts
raised to the pairing of AACS with SPDC was the possibility that, once
the single SPDC encryption scheme was broken, AACS could trigger a
signal to all players using that encryption scheme, rendering all discs
that use this scheme unplayable, perhaps prior to a system upgrade. The
BDA statement appears to distance itself from the CRI approach to SPDC,
perhaps to calm consumer fears that entire libraries of perfectly
legitimate content could be rendered useless due to someone else's
illicit activities.
The CRI white paper, incidentally, distinguished SPDC by contrasting it
with other DRM techniques such as watermarking. "Although some progress
is being made at improving robustness and efficiency," the white paper
states, "we are not optimistic that a practical and secure public
watermarking scheme is possible." Such comparisons may have worked
against SPDC's eventual adoption by Blu-ray in method as well as in
On behalf of the HD DVD Forum this morning, Toshiba's advisor to the
Forum, Mark Knox, released a brief statement: "Today's announcement by
the BD Group should not confuse anyone," states Knox. "HD DVD's content
protection system provides the highest level of advanced copy protection
to meet content owner's needs and the rigors of consumer demand." Knox
goes on to say that AACS - which now singularly forms the crux of HD
DVD's DRM - is the most advanced such scheme yet devised, and that HD
DVD's own membership continues to back that approach.
"We will continue to promote further penetration of the format," Knox
added, "while simultaneously seeking ways to eventually realize a single
format that delivers optimized benefits to all concerned industries and,
most important, to consumers."
Tom's Hardware Guide will present an in-depth analysis of the Blu-ray/HD
DVD format combat Thursday morning in its Business Reports section.
There, we'll speak with industry experts, including one prominent media
pioneer, in examining how the participants in this struggle may actually
have always been planning for its eventual resolution, and what form the
fruits of that resolution may take.
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-07-11 02:02:15
@_author: Randall 
@_subject: Oops. 
Detailed schematics of a military detainee holding facility in southern
Iraq. Geographical surveys and aerial photographs of two military airfields
outside Baghdad. Plans for a new fuel farm at Bagram Air Base in
The military calls it "need-to-know" information that would pose a direct
threat to U.S. troops if it were to fall into the hands of terrorists. It's
material so sensitive that officials refused to release the documents when
asked.  But it's already out there, posted carelessly to file servers by
government agencies and contractors, accessible to anyone with an Internet
In a survey of servers run by agencies or companies involved with the
military and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, The Associated Press found
dozens of documents that officials refused to release when asked directly,
citing troop security.  [Source: Mike Baker, Military files left unprotected
online, AP item, 11 Jul 2007; PGN-truncated good long item, not surprising]

@_date: 2013-08-14 18:24:14
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, Malicious 
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2013 11:06:41 AM
Is there any evidence of this?   From all appearances, they care about nothing so much as preserving and expanding their funding.
NSA surely doesn't want the publicity, but the DEA is always in search of
positive press.   If they have to listen to 100K conversations in order to bust one kid, picking up a few hundred Oxycodone pills at the Post Office,
is there any reason to suspect they wouldn't do so?

@_date: 2013-08-18 02:46:08
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: see something, say something stamps 
Morton Salt trademarked "When it rains, it pours".
Nike trademarked "Just do it".

@_date: 2013-08-18 14:36:35
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Don't be so sure you understand it still. It is often tough to tell what John says, but it is never unclear what he means. ----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, August 18, 2013 7:20:49 AM yes, but sometimes I've to read it more than one time to understand it. :) --Michael Am 18.08.2013 um 16:07 schrieb Shelley < shelley >: Ginsberg himself would be envious of John's talent of turning a phrase while ranting wise. That's pure poetry.  Cryptome beats its stick frustrated in a dim cotton pick weigh shed. WikiLeaks wails, release me, dog-fuck-stuck in a worldwide power grid. Manning and Snowden got the humongous brass balls leak exploiters lack exactly like leaker defenders and fans.

@_date: 2013-08-21 17:55:48
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2013 1:30:43 PM
In a winner-take-all system like the US, third parties are irrelevant, except
insofar as they (like Bernie Sanders) caucus with one of the duopoly.
Birgitta Jonsdottir gets good press as a PP member of the Icelandic Parliament.
FOr what that's worth.

@_date: 2013-08-14 18:24:14
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, Malicious 
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2013 11:06:41 AM
Is there any evidence of this?   From all appearances, they care about nothing so much as preserving and expanding their funding.
NSA surely doesn't want the publicity, but the DEA is always in search of
positive press.   If they have to listen to 100K conversations in order to bust one kid, picking up a few hundred Oxycodone pills at the Post Office,
is there any reason to suspect they wouldn't do so?

@_date: 2013-08-18 02:46:08
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: see something, say something stamps 
Morton Salt trademarked "When it rains, it pours".
Nike trademarked "Just do it".

@_date: 2013-08-18 14:36:35
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Don't be so sure you understand it still. It is often tough to tell what John says, but it is never unclear what he means. ----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, August 18, 2013 7:20:49 AM yes, but sometimes I've to read it more than one time to understand it. :) --Michael Am 18.08.2013 um 16:07 schrieb Shelley < shelley at misanthropia.info >: Ginsberg himself would be envious of John's talent of turning a phrase while ranting wise. That's pure poetry.  Cryptome beats its stick frustrated in a dim cotton pick weigh shed. WikiLeaks wails, release me, dog-fuck-stuck in a worldwide power grid. Manning and Snowden got the humongous brass balls leak exploiters lack exactly like leaker defenders and fans.

@_date: 2013-08-21 17:55:48
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2013 1:30:43 PM
In a winner-take-all system like the US, third parties are irrelevant, except
insofar as they (like Bernie Sanders) caucus with one of the duopoly.
Birgitta Jonsdottir gets good press as a PP member of the Icelandic Parliament.
FOr what that's worth.

@_date: 2013-08-14 18:24:14
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, Malicious 
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2013 11:06:41 AM
Is there any evidence of this?   From all appearances, they care about nothing so much as preserving and expanding their funding.
NSA surely doesn't want the publicity, but the DEA is always in search of
positive press.   If they have to listen to 100K conversations in order to bust one kid, picking up a few hundred Oxycodone pills at the Post Office,
is there any reason to suspect they wouldn't do so?

@_date: 2013-08-18 02:46:08
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: see something, say something stamps 
Morton Salt trademarked "When it rains, it pours".
Nike trademarked "Just do it".

@_date: 2013-08-18 14:36:35
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Don't be so sure you understand it still. It is often tough to tell what John says, but it is never unclear what he means. ----- Original Message -----
Sent: Sunday, August 18, 2013 7:20:49 AM yes, but sometimes I've to read it more than one time to understand it. :) --Michael Am 18.08.2013 um 16:07 schrieb Shelley < shelley at misanthropia.info >: Ginsberg himself would be envious of John's talent of turning a phrase while ranting wise. That's pure poetry.  Cryptome beats its stick frustrated in a dim cotton pick weigh shed. WikiLeaks wails, release me, dog-fuck-stuck in a worldwide power grid. Manning and Snowden got the humongous brass balls leak exploiters lack exactly like leaker defenders and fans.

@_date: 2013-08-21 17:55:48
@_author: Randall Webmail 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2013 1:30:43 PM
In a winner-take-all system like the US, third parties are irrelevant, except
insofar as they (like Bernie Sanders) caucus with one of the duopoly.
Birgitta Jonsdottir gets good press as a PP member of the Icelandic Parliament.
FOr what that's worth.
