
@_date: 1998-12-06 05:12:07
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: eternity using politics rather than economics 
When I was working on Eternity DDS stuff, I basically came to the same
conclusion as Adam -- without anonymous bearer cash, you can't do
a workable eternity implementation.
It's an open question whether you could issue bearer cash backed in
Eternity-units.  That was my original plan, but it seems you would still
want to have gold-units to trade for Eternity units.  The problems of
guaranteeing quality of service in exchange for Eternity units are
complicated but tractable, but having a separate scheme for auditing
Where I think "political" schemes would be particularly beneficial is in sharing administrative control over a virtual corporation, etc.  While
those who believe Coase would believe corporations will devolve into individuals or even autonomous agents, it might be a worthwhile tool
during the transition.
As far as I can tell, having a good Eternity implementation is still
blocked on getting a reasonable electronic cash system.  There are
some people in Anguilla...

@_date: 1998-11-24 09:28:57
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Digital bearer postage stamps 
Quoting Robert Hettinga (rah at shipwright.com):
It's a 2-d barcode, with a bunch of info encoded into it..
Short answer: they use statistical security measures to prevent double
spending, but they have a *scary* reputation and limitless resources
to pursue fraud, something no one else really has.  I would not be
brave enough to double spend with this system from my home state, if
I were in the US.
Longer rambling answer:
The E-stamp folks are pretty hardcore as far as security goes, I recall.
They use a Dallas Semiconductor iButton (plug: check out the ibuttonpunks
mailing list....) as a local value store, after paying for postage
at a central location, and do other security measures I don't quite
recall -- perhaps encoding your local post office, such that the local
post office could keep its own database of double spenders, or having
a global double spending database.
The post office is pretty much protected from fraud, in any case -- much
more than existing letters (which can be forged against high-speed
equipment using a phosophor pen).
I'm not sure how E-stamp protects itself from fraud, or protects its
customers from E-stamp committing fraud, but I'm fairly convinced there is
at least statistical security for the USPS against users.
I believe the USPS published a standard during the search for a new
postage system -- they did a pretty good job of it, I just never bothered
to buy a copy.  If someone bought a copy and mailed it to jya, it would
be doing everyone a service.
(Even if you have the nerve to commit bank wire fraud, check fraud, armed
robbery, espionage, sedition, etc., you probably still aren't brave/reckless
enough to commit postal fraud, though -- USPS inspectors make IRS
auditors look passive)
ryan at venona.com

@_date: 1998-09-08 06:27:11
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
(Note: my original message was posted to Cypherpunks, which I consider
to be substantially different than DBS: had I been posting to DBS, I would
have included different details...list differentiation is kin of useful,
it's why the different lists were created in the first place)
I never said this.  If you'd like to fabricate/summarize/editorialize,
please make it clear that that's what you're doing, by using the traditionally
accepted editorial convention of square brackets, or some other convention.
I prefer Chicago Manual of Style, but I'm sure the AP Stylebook is acceptable.
Ian Goldberg isn't involved -- he's working on Zero Knowledge Systems,
AFAIK, and I wish him luck, but I haven't really spoken to him in months.  He's
a Canadian, anyway.  I haven't mentioned working with anyone else anywhere,
other than that I'm working for "interesting" clients.  If you know otherwise,
it isn't particularly public knowledge at this point.
I'm not breaking US law.  I'm a US citizen.  I pay my taxes, respect US
law, etc.  It's just that I'm choosing to work on something somewhere other
than the US, for a variety of reasons.
Vince formally renounced his citizenship, becoming a citizen of a small
african country, and intends to remain in Anguilla.  I left the US
for a while to work on stuff, and to get away from a major US city for
a while.  I think there's a huge difference here.  What I have
done is fundamentally no different than going to Montana to write code
for a while, other than that it was cheaper and more convenient for me to
come to Anguilla.
(Of course, Vince seems to be doing quite well...)  I just happen to not want
to go back to the US right now, it's not that I can't if I decide I want
to at some point.
(who generally does not provide confidential information to people
who do not like keeping secrets, out of kindness for them)

@_date: 1998-09-08 10:23:10
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
(note trimmed distribution ... cryptography certainly isn't appropriate
for any of this, and I doubt if dcsb is...)
Kawika Daguio said:
Banks and other financial intermediaries do not exist in a vacuum.  While
I agree that the banking/financial applications do drive the policy in
this field (I believe both you and Bob believe this), I do not agree that
the existing banks and financial intermediaries drive the policy.
Fundamentally, there are some changes which make old institutions irrelevant,
even if their functions are taken over by new institutions.  For a long time,
the Church handled intermediation between military powers.  Now, it's the UN.
Perhaps tomorrow, it will be the mutual fund managers, transnationals,
and news agencies.  We all seem to agree that the government is irrelevant in the grand
scheme of things.
While I may be presuming incorrectly, I feel that the
ABA represents the accidental existing institutions, not the essence of financial institutions.  Thus, when you say you have spent 5 years
negotiating and lobbying, I presume you are doing so to allow the
existing institutions to fit into the new future.  You are not necessarily
helping the new future come into being in the essential sense by helping
existing institutions come to grips with essential reality.
I would argue that the reality of electronic commerce/cryptography, and
its effect upon the power relationship of individual vs. group, needs
no apologists, and indeed, no apologist can help it.  It is a fundamentally
new reality.

@_date: 1998-09-09 02:37:16
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: radio net 
Is anyone else interested in setting up a radio net (probably packet radio
relay) to relay small quantities of data in the event the telecommunications
infrastructure becomes unavailable (either technically or legally/politically/
militarily)?  There are existing packet relay nets, but in my experience
amateur radio people, especially in the US, are very willing to roll over
for the government at the slightest cause.
I think the cost would be something like $1-5k per station, and it could
be done in a fairly turnkey fashion.  Exactly how to handle routing and
what protocol to use on the network is kind of an open question -- there
are a lot of solutions, none of them optimal.

@_date: 1998-09-22 13:51:41
@_author: Ryan Lackey 
@_subject: Arcot (fwd) 
(originally to a bunch of places, but I misspelled "cypherpunks" in
the headers...)
(operating on generator power after hurricane georges struck Anguilla...)
The way I see it, there are n separate issues here, which should be
addressed separately.  The following are my summaries of the issues, using
the information I have available -- I have never seen any confidential
Arcot data, so I'm operating entirely from public sources.  It's
entirely possible my data or assumptions are incorrect -- I'd be very
happy to have someone correct me.
1) The Arcot system uses "software smartcard" repeatedly throughout its
marketing literature, and says that it provides similar security to
smartcards.  However, even in the technical paper recently posted to the
web by Arcot, it admits it does not provide resistance to a wide class
of attacks, including the two Stefan Brands mentioned:
I have issues with this use of the term "smartcard".  In fact, this system has *none* of the desirable properties of a smartcard, as users
can freely copy the authenticator.  It is, at best, equivalent to
an encrypted certificate on disk which can only be checked for
validity online (no local checksums, no structure to the cert, just
a raw random string).  The phrase "two factor authentication", used
throughout the marketing literature, is being used improperly -- two passwords (one remembered and one stored on disk, since the
ArcotSign authenticator is just a string of data) do not two-factor
authentication make, if two passwords (one remembered and one stored
as an encrypted certificate on disk) do not two-factor make.  It's an
open point whether both systems or neither are two-factor, but it's
pretty clear that the two are equivalent.
2) Scott Loftesness, the new CEO of DigiCash, proposed this system as potentially a viable alternative to hardware tamper resistance for electronic finance systems (DBS systems).  The threat model for real
electronic finance systems (including and especially DBS)
is in fact substantially more serious, as recent Rabobank windows client
attack demonstrates.  Once your customers *can* have money stolen by a
third party, it's up to you to prove they *haven't*, at least according
to US and other law, for small customers.  This means only institutions
capable of absorbing massive fraud (in absolute terms) can field
real electronic cash systems.  This is primarily a debate about
threat models for a specific application, rather than a technical one.
3) The system appears to use PKC for no reason -- it is a closed system,
like Kerberos, and only limits itself by using PKC.  Kerberos, developed
by some list participants *years* ago, appears to solve every problem
Arcot claims to solve.  Additionally, Kerberos (in some form) is now
being integrated into MS Windows NT, so it is widely available.
4) Bruce Schneier, one of the firm's technical advisors, says "it's not
[sufficient for] online real estate [presumably meaning high value
transactions with no recourse]", but that it is for "ninny net users in
chat rooms".  The apps Bruce Schneier seems to propose the Arcot system for
("systems like AOL" (read: porn sites on the WWW)) are more concerned with their users not being able to share passwords than anything else.  For
that application, simple IP-based security in addition to passwords is
sufficient, or other means of ensuring an authenticator is linked to
an individual.  The Arcot system does not provide security from this
issue (even though it is intended for closed networks, where such
functionality would be highly possible).
However, the firm's marketing information seems to be selling this to
corporate web sites, for protecting high value corporate data.  I find
it highly unlikely any board of directors would consider their proprietary
corporate data closer to "ninny net users in chat rooms" than something
requiring real security.
(Even people without real security requirements often want high security,
or at least systems with no known limitations -- I use high-grade encryption
to protect my credit card information, even though my liability is limited
to $50, and many other users are unwilling to use 40-bit crypto to protect
their credit card numbers.)
5) The point was raised that in a smartcard system, you don't know what
you're signing.  I agree completely.  However, in a smartcard system, you
can protect the *keys* to a far higher level than protecting the
*use* of the keys when the key is physically present.  This is a substantially
lower level of risk, particularly if a security policy is included in
the smart card, such as only disbursing a limited amount of money per
unit time, or monitoring suspicious transactions, or handling user
authentication through a strong external channel, such as a PIN reader
attached directly to the smartcard reader.
The earlier debate on smartcards vs. tamper-resistant computers with I/O
leads me to believe that for electronic cash in reasonable value ranges (>$1000), you most likely want to go with *more* than a smartcard (as in,
a tamper resistant computer), but certainly you don't want to go with *less*.
For many applications, a combination of trusted time (on the smartcard) and
a trusted smartcard (and perhaps location) would be sufficient -- a user
could then be made to prove they were not in a certain location at a certain
time when a transaction were made to absolve themselves of responsibility for
6) "Hardware is expensive"  So is software.  The cost of implementing
any authentication mechanism, particularly in a closed system, is
relatively constant -- passwords through cheap hardware -- as most of the
cost is in administrative overhead, user training, etc.  I'd far rather
go with an $8 Dallas Semiconductor iButton plus $0-$100 software plus
$400/user training/etc. cost than $0 hardware plus $x software plus
the same user training cost.  In many systems, hardware is *cheaper* in
the long run, as users understand it better, are better at doing their
own key management, etc.  It is exactly for closed systems where hardware
solutions *shine* compared to software, even if they provide the *same*
security in absolute terms -- the hardware solution has lower life-cycle costs.
For an open system, or one where you have minimal control over the users
(such as AOL, or a porn WWW site, or whatever), the requirement that
software be added to the local machine is usually prohibitively expensive.
In that kind of application, all of the intelligence needs to go on the
server -- an online password checking system, coupled with standard browser
features like client certificates, is about the most you can expect, and
even that is pushing it (until MIT did cert support for Lynx, many of
my machines were unable to use certificates at all).
7) "The system is patent-pending."
I do not see how the system is provably higher in security or any
other worthwhile features than the following widely deployable, standard, free system:
* online password checking of user passwords, optionally changing in
some kind of one-time-pad system, passed through an SSL-encrypted link
to the server, such that if a password guess attempts were made, the
account could be locked out.
* encrypted local certificates, encrypted with optionally a different
passphrase, which do *not* need to be kept secret.
This provides "two factor" authentication to the same extent as the Arcot
system, is easy to implement using standard systems, and is conceptually
In the event that the Arcot system is no better than the above (which I
believe), which is *not* patentable, I fail to see why the issue of
whether Arcot's system can be patented is important.  The only parts
which could be patented (as far as I can tell) are accidental, not the
essential functionality of quasi-two factor authentication with online
password checking to prevent off-line attacks.
8) The various IP/patent/etc. issues
A company could implement open standards based authentication, in an
open way, publish papers on every detail of their system, etc. and still
make quite a bit of money.  They do this through the quality of their
*software engineering*, not the quality of their idea.  Ideas are expensive
to create, and impossible to keep secret, even with patents.  Once you
come up with an idea, most of what gives it value is the review process
itself, not the initial idea.  That's why the valuable ideas I can think of,
at least in crypto, have mainly come from universities and open research
labs -- they can more cheaply be reviewed.  Only the NSA has the resources
to make an idea valuable and also keep it closed (and if you believe
Payne, even they don't...)
I understand that Arcot is a commercial company, and that it's trying
to make money, but I don't think that actually counters any of the points
presented above -- if anything, it makes them stronger, as Arcot has
a strong desire to increase the value of its assets (the deliverable
authentication system) much more so than a random hacker working on this
as a curiosity.
