
@_date: 1996-04-28 14:43:13
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: WWW proxies? 
We use CERN proxies, as well as general purpose proxies,
 which effectivly narrows it down to someone within my company.
But, that only masks the IP address.  My impression was that
most browsers hand out enough info about you at the application
layer that it does little good to mask the IP address.  At least for
privacy purposes...address translation is a great firewall
model, IMHO.
     Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Has anyone developed such a beast yet?
Will we have as extensive a WWW proxy network as remailer network?
My preferred and soon to be permanent e-mail address:unicorn at schloss.li
"In fact, had Bancroft not existed,       potestas scientiae in usu est
Franklin might have had to invent him."    in nihilum nil posse reverti
00B9289C28DC0E55  E16D5378B81E1C96 - Finger for Current Key Information
Opp. Counsel: For all your expert testimony needs: jimbell at pacifier.com

@_date: 1996-04-30 13:11:09
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: [WhoWhere?] 
I did a search for "sybase.com" and, while there were no e-mail addresses
of Sybase employees, I now know of a bunch of places running Sybase
software.  At least, I presume so, since they have an account named sybase.
Also, a search on root turned up this particularly entertaining entry...
 at ist.flinders.edu.au
Is this one of the people who volunteered their own information?
     Ryan

@_date: 1996-04-30 14:09:34
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Cell Kill 2 
It's all just an elaborate plot to help discourage cell-phone cloning.
     Ryan

@_date: 1996-08-10 04:41:02
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Drive the SF Central Freeway, have your license plate photo'ed. 
How about a cypherpunks group activity
for the SF area?  2 per car, one to
drive, and one to moon....
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
You *are* making this up, right? Please say you did.

@_date: 1996-08-10 05:20:44
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce 
Actually, DEC is trying to stay in business building
expensive Windows boxes.
The numbers I remember hearing are something like:
1,000,000 Unix machines
10,000,000 Macs
150,000,000 "PCs" (presumable not running *nix)
Why should we care what platform people develop for?
I use all of 'em.  If a package supports more than one, all the better.
As to why one should develop crypto stuff
for unix, the demographics of this list are probably
reason enough.. I use PCs as my main platform, but I get the distinct impression that most of
the folks here use unix primarily.  Maybe they're
just the most vocal :)
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Pardon my French, but you mus be fucking stupid or somehing.  How many
universities use UNIX platforms?  How many companies use UNIX platforms?
Sun, DEC, and SGI don't stay in buisiness by building cheap Windows boxes
ya know.  There are 13948 _registered_ LINUX machines, not to mention the
unregistered ones.  Don't tell me that Cray's were designed to run MacOS
or Windows 95.  UNIX isn' NEARLY as dead as Apple is.
 --Deviant
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
                -- Spock, "The Enterprise Incident", stardate 5027.4

@_date: 1996-08-15 05:53:21
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Another thing the Net is being blamed for... 
At least we didn't sue every ISP
ala CoS.  Also, I don't think he was "blaming"
the Internet neccessarily... It's been published in books before.
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Yet another thing that we're being blamed for.  FYI, the temple ceremony has been reproduced many times since it was first exposed in the 1840s.  The most recent revision (1990) was kept secret for only a short time before notorious former members got ahold of a tape and transcript of the ceremony.  (I have a good idea of how they got it.)  As far as I can tell, it didn't actually make it on to the Net until about 1994.
This particular Mormon churchman (Russell Ballard) gave a speech a year or so ago warning Mormons in vague terms about the evils of the Internet.  I suppose this is part of it.
   "During a press tour this week of the LDS [Mormon] Church's new Mount
Timpanogos Temple in American Fork, a member of the news media asked
why a writtem copy of the temple ceremony was not given to members
with temple recommends so they could study it in the privacy of their
   Elder M. Russell Ballard of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles
informed the reporter that there was no need. A church member had
'broken the covenant' -- taped the ceremony, transcribed it, and put
it on the Internet for all to read."
Deana M. Holmes
April 1996 poster child for clueless $cientology litigiousness
alt.religion.scientology archivist since 2/95
mirele at xmission.com

@_date: 1996-08-18 01:22:50
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Unix passwd-cracker online? 
I've given this some thought before, and there are some optimizations
First of all, assuming you have one plaintext password for every crypt()'d combo and salt (I think there are actually
a bunch of possible plaintexts for each encryption, but I'll assume
that we'll save the one that looks most like an english somethingorother
as any of them should work.)
If you just sort them,  you only need to store the 8 char plaintext,
which helps with the storage, and halves it approximatly (a little more,
actually.)  Now...Still too much sotrage for one system, but
if we had a network of machines around the Internet, with multi-gig
tape changers (i've seen 40GB changer things a discount places for $1000)
I figure DNS could server as a way of reaching the system that has the range
you want..say  we have maxhines named xJG*a.crackcrypt.com, with a leading
letter on each hostname, followed by enough characters to represent how
much of a range that system holds.
I don't have a back of the envelop handy, and it's too early in the morning...so
I'll do the calc later.
But, for a small fee, anything can be arranged :)
      Ryan
The real problem becomes regeneration when someone's tape
goes corrupt....
---------- Previous Message ----------
On Fri, 16 Aug 1996, Carlos L. Mariscal may have written:
Somehow I have a hard time believing this to be true.  I run crack, a
password searching program that uses a dictionary as its base, on my
With ultra fast crypt (UFC), the fastest crypt() replacement I can find, I
can run through about 9700 passwords per second on this P6-150.
Now, this is a back-of-the-envelope calculation:  Assuming that the
password can be one to eight characters of the following:
we find that we have a set of 72 characters.  That gives us
72^8 + 72^7 + 72^6 + 72^5 + 72^4 + 72^3 + 72^2 + 72^1 or
732376025552520 possible combinations.  At 9700 encryptions per second,
it would take my system 2401 years to brute force -one- password to completion.  That means that, most likely, if this 'locate password on
demand' system existed, it would not work in real time, or in any time
during any person's life.  Moore's Law might shorten this timeframe
considerably, but still not to any reasonable time frame.
Continuing with my back-of-the-envelope estimate, we have the length of a
crypt()'d password as being 13 characters.  The password in plaintext has
to follow, with a length of 8 characters.  At a size of 732376025552520 * 21 characters, we would have a database of
15379896536602920 bytes, or 22565249 650mb CD-ROMs.  That's for the
passwords of one salt, without any formatting.  Even if we could achieve a
95% compression rate on this data (it is text, after all) we would end up
with 237528 CD-ROMs.
Most likely my set of characters will be found to be incorrect, but
anything that includes even a-z, A-Z, and 0-9 in one to eight character
combinations most likely will not be a favourable crack target.
Sorry, I don't think this is feasable, or possible.
(Please do correct my calculations if errors are detected, especially if
the corrected numbers make this possible.. it's getting late at night, and
my mind is fogging up, so these calculations/estimates/wild guesses may be
off more than usual. It does sound like an interesting project to
undertake, if it were possible, but not on my equipment!)

@_date: 1996-12-04 17:09:05
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: [crypto] Avatar Protection? 
A graphic-designer friend of mine and I were talking
about VRML avatars, and custom design work, and
could he offer a service designing them etc...
His worry is that since everyone in the same virtual
environment as his customer would see the designer avatar, wouldn't they also be able to easily rip off
his work?  (or his customer's property, take your pick.)
I wasn't sure...it seems to me that I read something vaguely
along these lines for a cryptography protocol of some sort..
The problem is this:  Is there a way for a user to "view" the client's
avatar (and in this sense, the user usually has to receive a copy of the code to render the avatar and render it on the local machine)
but not save a copy?  Assume that a client with no save feature
is not a viable option...too easy to work around.
I suppose an analogy would be: Is there a way for a person to
see the plaintext, but not record it?  I think that question really
answers itself - no.  How about alternatives?  If the server
of the environment only renders "views" (say, certain angles, or
a bitmap) of the avatar, rather than sending the description file?
Any other thoughts?
    Ryan

@_date: 1996-12-05 08:47:16
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: [crypto] Avatar Protection? 
Even with a custom client, I suppose there's always a chance of pulling things out of RAM.
How about a slightly different question:
Is there a way to sign it such that it wouldn't work if the
signature was removed, so there would be no question of who created it?
I suppose this is analogous to: Is there a way to sign
plaintext such that the plaintext can't be seen without the
signature attached?  I suppose not..
Is there a way to embed the signature as part of the code so it can't be removed?
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Well, its concievable to write your own client, and make the code such
that it only works with that client...  I know, it kindof sucks, doesn't
 --Deviant
   PGP KeyID = E820F015 Fingerprint = 3D6AAB628E3DFAA9 F7D35736ABC56D39
"First things first -- but not necessarily in that order"
                -- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"

@_date: 1996-12-09 09:42:33
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: The Science Generations 
If I may offer another opinion...
I ran a BBS for about three years straight off
of floppies on an Apple ][+, without any
hardware failures or disk problems.
   Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Let's talk about some real data processing.  dBase II on CP/M computers
(or certain proprietary hardware with adaptor cards), circa 1980-1982,
would be a good example.  If you had the right stuff, say, an HP-120 or
HP-125, or even an 80 series with the adaptor, and HP floppy drives, you
could process all day long for (years?) with scarcely a hitch.  You try
to put something like that on an Apple II with Apple floppies (using
whatever software was available), and you couldn't do the job.  The
machine and/or drives would quit in a few days, if not the first day,
and might even erase your diskettes in the process (a common occurrence
in those days).
In early 1985, just for fun, I had an HP-71 pocket computer hooked up to
a LaserJet printer and a couple of HP portable floppies, and printed my
store's databases on it.  Multiple indexes, thousands of records, each
index printed complete every day in separate copies for each salesman.
I wouldn't dream of trying that with an IBM or Apple floppy system.
Hard disks?  I *never* heard of an HP microcomputer hard disk crash in
those days, short of dropping the computer onto the floor while writing
a file.  We used to pull the wall plugs on our HP's while writing to a
file, with no bad effect.  Try that on an IBM or Apple circa <= 1985.
Computer hardware?  One thing I enjoyed doing for customers was pulling
a RAM card out of an HP-86 while it was running a program, then forcing
the card back into the slot.  Usually pulling the card had no effect,
then, putting it back in would generally reset the program.
Surge protectors?  Never sold one.  Not needed with HP's then.
An Apple II (like the other toy computers from 1975 to 1982) was a
hobbyist computer, which required frequent cleaning and scrubbing
internally to keep it running.  A pencil eraser was a common tool...
And let's not forget Apple and IBM attitudes: When I had HP's, if I ever
needed service, HP did it themselves, professionally (using static mats
etc.) and promptly.  You wouldn't find Apple or IBM offering to repair
their own microcomputers in those days (or ever).  For good reason!
Cost of service?  HP's contracts were usually 3% to 5% of the item cost
per year, compared to the "industry standard" of 15%.  Not a bad deal.

@_date: 1996-12-10 10:31:00
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: PICS is not censorship 
Are you people trying to bait us Mormons again? :)
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
 I seem to have edited the previous message badly and left out the
context which was false labeling on pages for which there was a charge to view. More along the lines of false advertising to be sure
but still fraud in my opinion.
Also, of course, it would be very hard to show that you were not,
in fact, the Messiah (;->).
Jon Baber
jbaber at mi.leeds.ac.uk

@_date: 1996-12-31 09:33:40
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: what is a law if it cant be enforced? 
As long as it can be selectivley enforced, that's
all they need.
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
can our gov possibly enforce this crypto law? --esp over the net?
I think what happend is the dod released the net (arpanet/Internet) to the
people without looking at the implications that could arise.  The people now
control the net and not the gov--and they don't like it!
anyway our government is ruled by the people for the people--so we should
not have any kind of special laws--ones that only apply to the net and not
the rest of the world, after all we have a thing called free speech!

@_date: 1996-07-18 03:07:28
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Seek-and-Destroy 
I've thought about similar things...
I thought it would be more interesting to start feeding
it a huge list of words so that my host would show
up on just about any search..
Or, feed it an infinite string of characters.
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
     Would it have tied up a "spider" for ten minutes? If so, then that is
probably enough.      Personally I'd have started dumping bogus link, or set up about 2000 circular links to keep the damn thing busy. Petro, Christopher C.
petro at suba.com snow at smoke.suba.com

@_date: 1996-07-18 03:24:27
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Seek-and-Destroy 
I tried it...
it just seemed to threaten me for about 10 minutes, and
then disconnected.  Couldn't see any effect.
What was supposed to happen?
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
     So of course I did. Very Interesting.      Those guys *rock*.
     They also aren't real happy with PC's, Mac's, or Netscape. Petro, Christopher C.
petro at suba.com snow at smoke.suba.com

@_date: 1996-07-19 04:58:00
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: "address verification databases"? (was: Netscape download...) 
So... I just have to know someone's name and phone
number in the US?       Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
  Our database was obtained from American Business Information.
They make those CDROMs with 11 million business names and addresses,
and other such products.  There is a link to their web page from our
US download page.
  Our verification software does not check that the person whose name
is entered in the form lives at the address entered in the form.
We do verify some parts of the information entered.  Things like
is the state code one of the 50 states, does the zip code match
the state, etc.  (NOTE - these may not be the exact checks implemented
currently.  I have not examined the code myself, but these are the
types of checks being done.)
  We also screen out based on domain names.
  We will be increasing capacity soon.  The demand is very high.  It
us real dollars to buy hardware and T3 lines to allow people to download
the software for free.
  I'm sorry that my choice of words disturbed you.  I hope my
will allay at least some of your fears.  There are many people here
(including Jim Barksdale) who are very concerned about maintaining
personal privacy.  Certainly if we could we would make the US versions
of our software available in the same way that we currently make
the export versions available.  At least people now have the choice
of obtaining the US version over the internet.
 --Jeff

@_date: 1996-07-21 02:21:26
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Firewall Penetration 
It depends.
---------- Previous Message ----------
Is it possible to penetrate a firewall?

@_date: 1996-07-24 09:17:07
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Brute Force DES 
How about harder logistical problem?
I had considered the possibility of cracking DES
once and for all (I was specifically thinking of
crypt(3), but it applies just as well for
DES in general..) and instead of trying up a bunch
of computers for however many months it took to crack a single key...  Let's tie up everyone's extra storage
and store the results as each key is generated..
Yes, I realize that it's a rather large amount of storage...
Then key lookups could be done at will, reverse DNS
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
 In my terminology, 'hairy edge of doability" means we have a shot
at success, but I wouldn't bet the farm on it.
I thought that I might bet a couple hundred bucks, though.
Sadly, after further calculation, I'm not so sure if it's doable just yet.
What I'm looking at is a known plaintext attack on single ECB DES, using a brute-force test to cycle through the key space. People would get chunks of keyspace to test from a central server or servers, and would be motivated to take part by a cash prize for
the lucky person who finds the key.
Lets do  the numbers:
Single DES has the security of 56 bits of key - there are 64 bits in the
keys, but 8 of them are parity bits which add nothing to security.
2^56  = 7.205e16 keys (which is a whopping big number)
Let's guess that we can recruit the equivalent of full-time on 1000
7.205e13 keys/machine.
Let's guess that we have about a month before people start to lose interest - so we want to be more than 1/2 done by then. Lets say
we want to sweep the whole space in 40 days.
1.8e12 keys/machine/day ~21,000,000 keys/machine/second
The fastest general purpose, freely available des implementation I'm
aware of is libdes. by Eric Young. With this, I can do a set_key in 15.8 us, and an ecb_encrypt in 95 us/block. That adds up to about 9,000 keytests/sec (this is on a 90 MHz P5, running NT).
I'm looking at ideas to speed up DES - if I'm willing to use
honking great lookup tables, the permutation steps  can be done more quickly than libdes. I'm also looking at implementing the
algolrithm in hand-optimized P5 assembler.  (It's been years since
I've done a major assembler project - the P5 has some truely weird
features to be considered, but also has (some) internal 64 bit
registers to play with).
Let's guess that I can speed up a key-test up by a factor of 10. (This is
not a slur on Eric's code - it's extremely clever, but not optimized
for any particular processor, or for key-testing.  Note that the keytest described above takes about 10,000 cycles/test.)
That gets my workstation up to about 90,000 keys a second, which is
still almost a factor of 250 too slow. I'm going ahead with my work on a faster DES keytester, but unless
optimizing gives an astounding win, I now think a distributed bruting effort is a bit pre-mature.
What will make this brute doable, if not now, then in the near future?
1. Faster Processors - Moore's Law is still holding. A year ago, my
90 MHz Pentium was one of the faster machines taking part in the
40-bit RC4 crack. Now, it's passe.
2. More processors. The number of people on the internet continues
to grow rapidly.
3. More interest - Crypto awareness has greatly increased in the
last year, and a real cash prize (say, over $500) will generate both
publicity and interest.
These factors all multiply together. The number of cycles that could
probably be recruited is increasing at a fast rate. A major part of the
work will be a keyspace distribution mechanism which can handle
the load (this was a major stumbling block last year). Peter Trei
trei at process.com
Disclaimer: This has nothing to do with my employer.

@_date: 1996-07-30 10:05:11
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Just some comments on what I've read here 
Sure, we'll just set up our own [i/I]nternet...(We need
a letter between upper and lower case...)
It won't be that expensive...lesse....my WAN, for about 5000
people and 15000 machines, only runs me about $400,000 US
per month.  That's just circuit charges, of course... doesn't include any of the networking equipment or cost of the
machines....is this a troll or what?
     Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
1) Seems to be some excitment about banning information on the internet
Setting up a set of computers for a private net is not that big a deal (just
some money involved and with the availability of Linux - a UNIX variant - for
free make it hardware and telephone costs.)  Do it for companies all over
(hence the aol address - just a local phone call from anywhere!) and it works
just fine.
So if people want to play by different rules.. it's possible.  Think of it as
a members only social club.  (I can make computers real hard to get into, but
social engineering kicks my butt all the time.)
2) Whats wrong with America?
I've been leaning towards Libertarian for some time now.  Voted for Ross last
time as a message I ain't happy with how things are going over there.  Likely
gonna vote Harry Brown - my first vote for a Libertarian.  (He is seems to
have it together versus the others) - but hey, gettin off the subject
Seems we are no longer United in these United States...
A stranger is not a potential friend or ally but a potential robber, baby
raper... you fill in the blank.  We're all scared of each other!
Something has been happening where rich are pitted against the poor, the
working against the non-working, races vs other races.  Is it a conspiracy as
some of my friends who look for black helicopters say, or a natural reaction
of politicians and "leaders" seeing a formula that works and then
implementing it.
To much Hard Copy and Extra reporting out there too.  I don't give a rat's
a*s about most of the sh*t their putting out (censorship mine for those with
delicate eyes).  But US culture has become very valuable and ya gotta get
them foreign markets ya know.
There was a time when a famil could have a picnic on the white house lawn.
 Then it got gated, now the street is closed.  Our leaders seem to be no
longer among us.
But it doesn't matter.  Some beuracrat (sp) gets a bug up their butt to give
you trouble, your f*cked.  With a seconds thought and a signature on a peice
of paper ya can have your land gone or your bank account cleared or you name
it.  One second and on to the next thing as far as they are concerned.  Can
we impeach them? Can we vote for someone else next time?  They're a buffer
between the ones we can give trouble too.
Plus Laws are so damn big these days.  It takes a ream of paper (sometimes a
whole 3000 page box of paper) to print these things out.  You can bet the
leg. not reading these things!  They got advisors to read over sections and
say this is good, this is bad.  The real representatives and senators are out
looking for campaign money.  So damn, I now speculate these guys and gals are
letting the advisors put the laws together - again someone not answerable (or
even known) to the public.
So now, you got legislators not reading the bills they are working on and
there is a whole army of serfs ready to make some regulations that are in
effect the same as law and ready to start looking for people to bother so
they can look busy - and these serfs are not answerable to the public.
Sorry, but congress is a part time job as far as I'm concerned.  These laws
are the result of people with nothing to do.
I listen to the TV set and I hear "Oh we gotta law comin to fix this".
 Bullsh*t.  There are plenty of other laws out there to hassle trouble makers
with.  They didn't nab Capone on murder, but on tax evasion.  People fix
stuff, not laws.  Somebody is measuring their prouctivity by the amount of
paper they can spew out of their office.
3) I'm a keen believer in Social Evolution
A quick definition:  If your a drug addict and your stupid enough to OD, you
deserve to die.
Another example: Your a drug dealer and ya get shot - oh well.  Goes with the
choice , dude.
We keep protecting people from their choices.  We think we are doing a favor
for ourselves but I POSTULATE we are not.
We keep on fightin nature and it just ain't possible.  There just might be a
reason for this weedin out process.  But I'll admit it - I have a prejudice
against stupid people - not mentally hadicapped, but stupid people.
Well, thanks for reading my ranting and raving....

@_date: 1996-07-30 10:31:57
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Just some comments on what I've read here 
And my point is that you obviously have no clue about running a sizeable net.  It looks like you
are trying to propose Fidonet.  Go ask one
of them how much it costs for them to run
a node.
Any sort of dialup service is pretty much going to
limit you to store-and-forward items.  Any full-time
links attempting to mesh "a few thousand" users is going to quickly exceed my paltry $400K.
You might want consider using the main Internet, and looking into encryption...
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
In a message dated 96-07-29 18:28:06 EDT, you write:
I dunno, are you a nob?
As I recall I said the expenses where going to be in the switches (or public
Plus I'm thinking the most basic services of telnet, ftp, smtp, and some
Plug two network boards (whether ethernet or X.25 or ATM) into a UNIX
computer and you have a router.
You cannot tell me that hardware (minus the hardcore ATM/X.25 stuff) is not
inexpensive enough to put something together.  At least for a few thousand
users all sophisticated enough to know how to install a UNIX or Linux
system... I'm talking about a club here - not a replacement for the internet.
Open up your mind, dude....

@_date: 1996-06-13 08:52:54
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Slander of Catholic Church 
A point of clarification:
It's not the bodies that are baptized, but the spirits, by proxy.
You don't think we dig 'em up do you?
The point being that even if you've never heard of Christ (a billion people in China for example) you've still got a shot.
Most christian religions don't allow for that.
I mention this in case any of the folks who are being subjected to
this discussion on this list were wondering what the heck you
were talking about.  We are a missionary church, after all.
As far as the COS goes...Well, a lot of info that the Mormon church would prefer to keep secret has been published, but I don't think
the First Presidency has been running around suing everyone.
     Ryan

@_date: 1996-06-15 13:13:32
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: PBS show 
143K.  Per side.
   Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
The original Apple II floppy held ONLY 90 kilobytes on a 5" floppy.  How did they do such a bad job?

@_date: 1996-05-08 08:19:41
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Is the network layer geodesic? 
Actually, MAE-WEST and much of the MCI net is now
OC-3, and the remaining DS3 lines will be upgraded soon.
And yes, it still doesn't take many T3's to fill that up, but
don't forget that networks are designed with serious overbooking in mind, and IP's back-off algorithm seems
to work real well in this situation.
     Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
The principle problem is that public exchange points do not scale beyond
current LAN technology (i.e. half-duplex 100 Mb/s FDDI or Ethernet), and
how many DS3 (T3; 45Mb/s full-duplex!) pipes does it take to fill that up?
Now, drop a DEC GIGAswitch in there (16 FDDI ports, 3.2Gb/s backplane), and
now you can have sixteen peers on the exchange. Last count I saw, there are
1,800 ISPs operating in the USA alone, and *everyone* want to be at the
exchange points. Oops. How many exchange points are there? Well:
NSF Network Access Points (NAPs): New York (well, Pennsauken, NJ; Sprint),
Chicago (Ameritech), San Francisco (Pac*Bell)
MAE-EAST (D.C.), MAE-WEST (Mountain View-San Jose), MAE-LA, CIX (San Jose)
FIX-EAST (D.C.), FIX-WEST (Mountain View; just for the Feds)
SWAB (D.C., but almost no one left there).
There are probably a few new ones that are forming that I am unaware of as
yet, but the point is that they're small-fry. There are also probably
exchange points outside the USA, but I bet they're being held up with PTT
The Internet is amorphous. It ain't a star, exactly, but it still not too
far from that. However, to get away from this situation into the rich and
more fully amorphous connectivity we used to take for granted in the UUCP
network, we're going to have to see a lot more cooperation on the part of
the small ISPs in agreeing to talk *directly* to each other to exchange
traffic, and more small exchange points, instead of the small number of
large ones.
Of course, this means that you, Mr. or Ms. Discriminating Internet
Consumer, must educate yourself a little, and ask interesting questions
like, "why do my packets have to go to California to get across town to the
ISP my friend uses?" If the customers ask, the ISPs will serve. They just
gotta know what you want (and you have to be willing, of course, to pay for
Erik Fair

@_date: 1996-11-12 08:33:52
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: two bogus messages to this list 
All computers have software which capture keystrokes
in a central way....we call them "keyboard drivers."
Any machine you have physical access to can be compromised.
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Microsloth has, at the heart of it's system, a call which traps ALL
KEYSTROKES and EVENTS.  This call exists from Win32s on, and can be
placed inside of a DLL which most users would have no idea was loaded.
Even under NT, this DLL can be made to remain resident and trapping
Keystrokes, events, and window contents.
Does this just BEG to be exploited?
If you give me normal user access to ANY microsloth machine, I can
have most of the system's security broken down to NOTHING within a
week.  And I'm not even a good MS programmer!  At least under UNIX, you damned well know you have to secure your
system.  Microsloth attempts to sell itself as a secure platform.
"Obviously, the US Constitution isn't perfect, but
it's a lot better than what we have now." - Unknown
PGP key id - 0xDEACDFD1 - Full key available from
pgp-public-keys at pgp.mit.edu

@_date: 1996-10-03 12:20:48
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: How might new GAK be enforced? 
One way to handle the problem mentioned below
is this:
Using your GAK-approved encryption, send a note
that contains a PGP encrypted body (or insert your
crypto of choice here.)  What this does is makes it
look like you're sending a proper GAK only note
to folks who are checking headers and such.  If they actually decrypt it (with the proper court order), they will see that you've got more encryption inside, and drag your butt off to court and try to make you give up your key etc...
If they decrypt it (and they have no proper court
order) they either go away because they can't call you on it, or they throw you on the bad-guy list,
or drag you off to area 51 and beat you with rubber hoses and some such.
Point being, You wouldn't look like you were doing anything
wrong unless they got as far as decrypting your messages.
If you're legally busted, your messages are secure.  If they illegally decrypt your messages, your messages
are secure, and you may have some recourse for
suing the feds.
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Tim May asks:
: Any other ideas on how the government plans to enforce GAK, to make GAK the
: overwhelmingly-preferred solution?
The problem seems somewhat analogous to the software copy protection
problem and maybe the enfocement will be similar: make "examples" of a
few high profile offenders who are exchanging blatantly un-GAKed
traffic with foreigners. This assumes they fine tune the law to make
such behavior illegal without having to prove you yourself exported
the stuff to them. Wonder what the Supremes will say to that.
But that's not the end of the story. If there is lots of GAK encrypted
traffic flowing about, then encrypted traffic in general is no longer
noteworthy. So as long as your traffic looks like GAK, you won't be
hassled until they try to read your traffic.
So it's possible that products will appear that use pseudo-GAK
protocols -- they look just like their GAKed cousins but the GAK
fields contain plausiable garbage instead of keys. It could even
turn out to be a vendor "quality control" thing -- oops, the GAK
was supposed to work but...
You couldn't do that with Clipper (except via Matt Blaze's brute
forcing of the LEAF checksum) because the crypto wouldn't decrypt a
packet with an invalid LEAF checksum. Since it was a sealed hardware
module, implementers had no choice but to play by those rules. There's
no such enforcable limitation on commercial software implementations.

@_date: 1996-10-03 14:13:40
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Hey, there's a camera in that palm tree! 
But would they be able to image identify my
butt when I moon 'em?
(And I'll have none of those "If it could image your face,
what would be the difference in imaging your butt?" jokes!)
   Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
 LANGHORNE, Penn., Sept 30 (Reuter) - Digital Descriptor
 Systems Inc said on Monday that it had received the first
 $140,000 phase of a proposed $1.4 million contract from IBM.
     The money is to be used by the Bahamas for the installation
 of imaging identification systems. The first segment of the
 imaging program will be installed in the Bahamas by the end of
 this year.
     Digital Descriptor, in a three-year partnership with IBM to
 create a program needed on a country-wide basis by the
 government of the Bahamas, manufactures and markets imaging
 systems for municipal and private criminal enforcement markets.

@_date: 1996-10-08 07:58:52
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Statism/Theocracy What's the difference--LDS 
So Snow,
Should your parents be (have been) allowed to pass
curfew laws along with the rest of the community
so that their wishes about you not going out could
be enforced?
   Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Attila said:
          (inactive=bad?)
GAK is for the "common good", after all, it is only the people who are
doing wrong that will be hurt by having their data scanned by the Government,
it is just maintaining decency standards.       For most of my life I have had insomnia, and when I was in my early
to mid teens, I used to wait until my parents had gone to sleep, and go out and wander the neighborhood, Mostly alone, sometimes until 2 or
3 in the morning (during the summer, not when I had to be at school).
     Why _shouldn't_ I be allowed to do this? In my case, it was against my parents wishes, but I still harmed nothing, commited no crime (there was no curfew where I lived). My father almost caught me (he knew I did it
from time to time, but figured as long as I wasn't causing trouble, he wouldn't be able to stop me). Just because other children cause trouble, why
should _mine_ be restricted? Just because it gives the APPERANCE OF MORALITY?
     I'll say that again, THE APREARANCE OF MORALITY. Forcing someone to follow a given set of rules doesn't make that person moral, it makes them a slave. Morality only comes in when there is choice.      Also, the waters are calm on the surface, but what about underneath? What is going on behind closed doors? Here in the outerworld, we have fornication on the streets, but we know who is doing it, we _know_ who the problems are. Do you?        Almost all teenagers are on their way to a dead end. It is called "Adulthood", which if you look at it a certain way looks a lot like A Dolt Hood.      I don't necessarily think it is a bad idea to mix kids (mid to late teens) picked up for "real" crimes in with "real"  criminals, but then
I don't think that staying out late should be a crime.      Fear can be a powerful motivator.       Really, I should be in "the system" because I like wandering around at
night?      Real libertarian of you.      Mr. May's usage of "state" means "governing body" rather than "state of
the union". But you knew that. There are many other "interception" points that can be utilized to identify children whose parents are not providing them with the state approved ideological underpinings, Let's take a look at some shall we?      Your children do well in school correct? Straight A's in most classes? it is obvious that you are driving your children too hard, teaching them tp
be overacheivers. You shouldn't push them so hard, they should stay at the level of their classmates.      Ok, that was hyperbole. Seriously tho', if you talk to many "social workers"  they can give you certain behavior patterns that
indicate a child is being abused in the home. They could (and I am sure some would like to) go so far as to include certain types of religious and political
indoctrination as abuse.      If the state (city/county) mandates it, and it gives the apperance of "stopping crime", or simply provides a smooth surface, is it worth it?          alcohol is available at any large grocery store; it has not been
    Not in your area, and maybe not my LDS's, but try Pell City Alabama.
Same mentality, different name on the church house door.      Can, or should? Let _me_ run the DEA, and give me a good budget, and I will stop it. Yeah, people will die, but they are dying anyway.      Yet you argue for the abridgement of freedoms based on age. Does the state know better than a parent when a minor is old enough to be out after
     Which really only pisses most people off because it is a different
revisionist history than they want taught.      Or, he will push too far, too fast, and it will snap back in his face.
     Remember, Klinton can't do it without congressional approval. Petro, Christopher C.
petro at suba.com snow at smoke.suba.com

@_date: 1996-10-13 16:39:09
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: -No Subject- 
Why not just make flute or netscape your shell
instead of program manager?
(Shell= line in system.ini)
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Due to the high volume of mail from this list, I rarely get to read every
message that comes through here.  Thus, I ask a reply be sent to
kpieckie at harding.edu directly rather than through the list.
Please forgive the interruption if this message is slightly off-topic.
The library here at Harding University is attempting to set up some
internet computers that run Netscape only and do not allow access to
anything else on the computers.  We use a scripting program called Flute
that hides the Program Manager (WFW 3.11) and reloads Netscape when it is
nuked with Alt-F4.  Another program removes the ability to use any of the
netscape pulldown menus less help.
The problem is the keyboard.  If a user hit's Alt-F4 after Progman has
loaded but before the Flute script executes, Flute is terminated and the
user has access to the computer.  Are there any programs that will disable
Alt-F4 and Control-Esc in Windows?  Where can they be attained?  Freeware
is preferable, shareware is fine, trial period is required for commercial
products.  Thanks.
kpieckie at harding.edu

@_date: 1996-10-21 12:11:20
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Paper on Network Security 
See!  And you all said us Mormons had no crypto relevence :)
I missed the pointer to the article/paper...I wanna
see what my church's involvement is..
Anyone got it handy?
   Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Thanks, John. The members are interesting.
MEMBER ORGANIZATIONS
   Bellcore
   Cedars-Sinai Health Systems
   Chase Manhattan Bank
   Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
   Compaq Computer Corporation
   CoreStates Financial Corporation
   Data Securities International, Inc.
   Digital Equipment Corporation
   EDS Corporation
   Educational Testing Service
   EXXON Company USA
   IBM Corporation
   IDX Corporation
   Intel Corporation    Learning Tree International
   Levi Strauss & Co.
   Massachusetts Institute of Technology
   Merrill Lynch, Inc.
   Microsoft Corporation
   Motorola, Inc.
   New York Life Insurance Company
   Novell, Inc.
   Oracle Corporation
   Pacific Gas and Electric Company
   Phillips Petroleum
   Princeton University
   Security Dynamics, Inc.
   Societe Generale
   Software AG of N.A., Inc.
   SunTrust Service Corporation
   Sybase, Inc.
   Synopsys, Inc.
   Texaco, Inc.
   The Open Group
   Washington National Insurance Co.
   Ziff-Davis Publishing Company
  Information Protection Task Force Participants
   American Express
   Bellcore
   Chase Manhattan Bank
   Data Securities International, Inc.
   Digital Equipment Corporation
   IBM Corporation
   ICL, Inc.
   Levi Strauss & Co.
   Mergent International, Inc.
   Merrill Lynch, Inc.
   Motorola, Inc.
   Novell, Inc.
   Pacific Gas and Electric Company
   Phillips Petroleum
   Security Dynamics, Inc.
   SunTrust Service Corporation
   Trusted Info
   Union Camp Corporation

@_date: 1996-10-22 09:59:51
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Interesting article on ATM in Wired (of all places) 
We passed that article around the office here.. I found it interesting
as I've not been a fan of ATM so far...
My boss knows a guy at Sprint (in the article, there's a guy from
Sprint's Internet group that has bad things to say about ATM, and
says they aren't going to use it) so he called him up and asked about the article.  They guy says "WHAT?  We're installing a huge ATM network!
Fax me that article!"
The left doesn't know what the right hand is doing.  Sounds like
every place I've ever worked..
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Since I ordinarily do nothing but bash the journal of hype and unreadable
blue-on-orange type, I figured I should express appreciation for Steve
Steinberg's "Netheads vs. Bellheads" article starting on page 145 of the
October issue. The ATM v. real networks battle is one that is becoming
increasingly important at gads of institutions, such as mine. In addition
to economic efficiency, there are civil liberties reasons to favor the
current packet-switched technology over circuit-switched bit-mangling. The
nexus on this technical front isn't as tight as it is on the encryption
front, but I'd urge people in positions of technical or budgetary
responsibility to line up with the good guys, i.e., us netheads. You don't
want an Internet controlled by ATM technology. It would make censorship,
wiretapping, and other forms of nastiness by government and other armed
thugs far too easy. I'm speaking only for myself, of course, and of course
there are technical reasons I'd prefer to implement gigabit Ethernet as
well. The leader "Why the net should grow up" in the October 19th issue of _The
Economist_, whose net reporting has improved markedly with the addition of
some new staff, may also be of interest. Some overlaps with the Wired
article, though the writers probably weren't technically savvy enough to
realize that they were talking about the same thing. More comments on that
when I find time.

@_date: 1996-10-23 11:40:02
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: ANother Timmy May clone 
I love it..... no repentance for posting useless flames..
But he apologizes for it being posted twice.
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
I'm responding to the list since others may noticed the same:
I did not post this article twice. I was surprised to see that it came
back from toad.com to me twice. Some glitch much have caused is to be
duplicated. Hasn't happened to any other articles... Sorry about that.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-11 07:48:50
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: ALPHACIPHER - An unbreakable encryption program. 
Now there's a business I'd like to get into.... reselling pseudo-random bit strings....
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
[ attribution scrambled ]
Their web page alludes to a OTP-like operation where you have to
purchase key "refills".  It doesn't say where they store the escrowed
copies of the key material.
I recommend this page, if only for the great conspiracy theory about
automated telephone line scanning.

@_date: 1996-09-14 05:20:08
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Security technical list 
You're soaking in it.
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
[pgp sign clear]
Anybody could help me to find a mail list of security,crypto,etc??

@_date: 1996-09-21 05:37:02
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: CNET Digital Dispatch Vol. 2 No. 38 
EDS is a large company Perot used to own..
I worked for them for a short time...a very short time..
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
This week's c|net digital dispatch had the following top ten list.  For
number 8, did they mean DES or is the EDS something I'm not aware of.  I
figure it has to be because what does DES have to do with chat rooms?
Rick Osborne                     osborne at gateway.grumman.com
"The universe doesn't give you any points for doing things that are easy."

@_date: 1996-09-30 06:02:49
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Utah as a Religious Police State 
I guess that depends on your definition of liberty.  The Mormons
originally moved there to have a place to practice their religion,
and have freedom from persecution.  I suppose one could extend that to wanting a place to have the freedom to have a set of rules consistant
with their beliefs.  Should that include freedom from interferance from
folks such as yourself who want to change their rules, even though
you're not presently effected?
     Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
Hey, Attila, let me know where you folks live...I may want to move there!
Just so long as my DSS dish still works in Utah--hey, I'll invite all the
jack Mormons over for tomorrow night's showing of "Inside Janine," on the
"Playboy Channel." (The "Playboy Channel" is kind of tame by video rental
standards, but more crotch shots than we used to see a couple of years ago.)
They enforce the "curfew" big time?
Looks like some Mormon pigs need to be zapped.
(My kids don't cotton to no cop telling them when they can be out in public
and when they can't. Any cop who tries to stop my kids from being out has
earned severe retaliation. Any councilmember or state legislator who voted
for such a curfew needs to be hog-tied, covered with tar, then torched.)
I guess this is why I wouldn't last very long in Mormon Country. A fascist
encampment, it sounds like.
(I have no problem with Mormons, or Catholics, or Muslims, or Satanists
keeping _their own_ children indoors after 7, or 5, or whatever their Holy
Hour or Curfew Hour is, but no fucking religious nuts are going to tell
_me_ when _my_ children must be indoors. I determine where my children may
be, and I don't need the State's permission for them to be out. I would
think anyone with an iota of libertarian sentiment would understand this.)
Do Utah's cops also enforce this law, too?
With the Utah State Police enforcing this "dating curfew"?
(I may sound harsh here, but "curfew" means one and only one thing to me:
somebody restricting my freedom of those of my children to be a public
place. Should one of my children be picked up by cops for doing nothing
illegal, save for being "out past curfew," I'd consider violent response to
be justified. It sounds to me--not that I ever thought otherwise--that Utah
is not a land that favors liberty.)
--Tim May
We got computers, we're tapping phone lines, I know that that ain't allowed.
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at got.net  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^1,257,787-1 | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1996-09-30 10:58:08
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Utah as a Religious Police State 
Hmm...never heard that one before.  Care to produce
a reference?
(Or am I supposed to be ignoring this guy when he
makes ridiculous claims?)
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
It's worth noting that one of Utah mormons favorite pastimes was to ambush
the settlers heading for California, kill them all, and take their property.
However the mormons were dealt with much less severely than the local Indians
who tried the same tricks. Pity.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1996-09-30 11:02:23
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Utah as a Religious Police State 
Yes, my mail gateway sometimes does rude things to the mail headers...Just ignore it :)
Anyway, you mave have a clear cut line between who gets to control kids, but I think it may not be so clear
as you make it out to be.  Why should you be able to say what times you kids
have to come in?  Why should you be able to
limit their civil liberties?  Because you are the
parent?  Why should that be any better reason
than because they're the government?  Is it your
God-given right as a parent?  (Don't answer that, I
don't even want to start on religion with this crowd..)
Conversly, if you think a parent has the right, why shouldn't
a group of parents (who agree) be able to set some rules?
Why not a town?  These were originally nearly all-Mormon
areas...Why shouldn't they be allowed their rules just because
a non-Mormon chooses to move in?  One might argue "if you don't
like the rules, don't live there."
I suppose you aren't familiar with the rules for participating in church
activities, or attending BYU.  The rules are generally very simple,
live by the Mormon standards, or don't participate.  So, that means
that students at BYU can't smoke, drink, etc...
So is the line between "public" and "private"?  i.e. if BYU
were an even partially publically funded school, they shouldn't
be allowed to have any but the lowest-common-denominator rules?
That sounds overly arbitrary to me, and doesn't appeal to the
spark on libertarian I have :)
Seriously, since laws are all based on a publically held set
of morals, why shouldn't some places be able to have a higher set of standards than others.  I think that's part of the arguement for state's rights.  After all, we allow a lower than
normal set of standards (Nevada.)
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
(I received this message, with "cypherpunks at sybase.com" as well as
"tcmay at sybase.com" (???) cc:ed, so I assume this message was intended for
the Cypherpunks list, with some sybase domain name weirdness, or reflector,
going on.)
Well, if Utah can rig a way to _secede_ from the Union, your arguments
would make more sense. But so long as they are part of these United States,
their religious beliefs about when children should be at home cannot
supersede basic liberties.
(There are some thorny issues about whether _minors_ have full civil
rights. But I certainly know that _my_ civil rights are being affected when
my children are not allowed on the streets after some hour. If my child is
out, this is my problem. I neither want cops to stop-and-detain my
children, nor do I want my tax monies to be used to control the behavior of
other people's children. Providing no crimes are being committed, curfews
for the sake of controlling the behavior of children are no more just than
would be a bunch of related behavior control laws, e.g., a ban on comic
books, a mandate that all children join after-school youth leagues, etc.)
As for "changing their rules," you're missing the point. There are
presumably many in Utah who believe as I do (maybe even some Mormons).
Those who are living in Utah, as renters, owners, whatever, should not be
bound by unconstitutional rules, no matter how many Mormon Elders favor
them. Unless the Mormons own _all_ of the property (and maybe not even
then, as renters have civil rights), they cannot impose their own notions
of morality on the rest of the population, except in compelling cases
(e.g., involving the well-known actual _crimes_).
I don't mean to pick on Mormons, as other communities have also attempted
to impose curfews and other restricitions on the children of others. My ire
was raised by Attila's enthusiastic support for laws which no
freedom-loving person should be enthusiastic about. Again, I have no
problem with Attila restricting his own children's movements, or joining
with other parents to control the behavior of their _own_ children, via
religious camps, religious schools, youth leagues, etc. He can even make
his own kids wear funny uniforms, funny religious hats, whatever.
But, for example, tellling _me_ when _my_ children may be out on public
streets (doing nothing illegal, neither robbing nor spray-painting nor
committing any other real crimes) is unacceptable.
I urge Attila (and others) to rethink enthusiastic support for curfews.
--Tim May
We got computers, we're tapping phone lines, I know that that ain't allowed.
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at got.net  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^1,257,787-1 | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1996-10-01 08:10:30
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Utah as a Religious Police State 
A couple of people have pointed out what he was talking about,
one of which is below.  I haven't been able to find an article on
the web that does more than reference the event.  I'll try to hunt
up one of the books.  If anyone cares, I'll post what I find later.
    Ryan
---------- Previous Message ----------
I suspect that Dmitri is referring to the Mountain Meadows Massacre.  It's not a pretty story and is one of the low points of Mormon The late historian Juanita Brooks wrote about the masscre, and about the leader, John D. Lee, in a couple of books.  ===end vulis rant===
Deana Deana M. Holmes
April 1996 poster child for clueless $cientology litigiousness
alt.religion.scientology archivist since 2/95
mirele at xmission.com

@_date: 1997-01-16 11:48:55
@_author: Ryan Russell/SYBASE 
@_subject: Privacy Issue (ANI in SF Bay Area) 
Here's something cute:
Yesterday PacBell turned on ANI on our trunk groups, for local area calls.  On their own, mind you, without request from us.  If you call anyone here with a display phone,
it displays your number, even if you have caller-id
blocking on or you do a *70 (for those who don't know,
ANI is not caller-id, you can't block your number
from being displayed with ANI.)
It also grabs your phone number if you leave a voice mail,
so even folks without display phones can benefit.
I post this thinking it may be of interest.  I actually
disagree that people ought to be able to block their number.  My feeling is that if someone is calling
me, they have no right be anonymous.  Of course, I
realize that this is easy to defeat with call forwarding and such..
In fact, if I call you from my work phone..you won't see
my direct dial number...you'll see a number for PacBell's
trunk group.
Now...I just have to figure out how PacBell is charging us..
if it's .01$ per call like regular ANI...at 100,000 calls per day..
Hmm...first fix is free?  A new PacBell marketing program?
Our CIO loves the new "feature."
    Ryan
