
@_date: 2000-10-23 16:34:21
@_author: Scott Craver 
@_subject: SDMI announcement 
Hello,
        If you read Salon or Slashdot, you may have already read
        of this.  Our research group, comprising of crypto-folk
        from Princeton U, Rice U and Xerox have issued a press
        release and faq (
        detailing comprehensive success in the 1st round of the         SDMI challenge.
        Basically, we got positive results from the oracles         for all four watermarking technologies.  These oracles
        would yield a positive result if music submitted to
        it was modified enough that a watermark could not be
        detected, and if quality was good enough relative to
        64Kbps MP3 compression.  We dont know how they measured
        quality.  But we passed all four oracles, and repeated
        our results as much as we could before the challenge
        deadline was over.
        A full technical writeup is coming soon, as we plan
        on sharing all our findings with the cryptographic and
        steganographic community.  This is part of the reason
        we are not participating in the second phase:  we         are not interested in the prize money, and at this         point the challenge is more like a contest, providing         no real value to us from a scientific perspective.
        Further participation may also restrict our ability
        to publish our results---to be eligible for the prize,
        it appears one must sign a form transferring intellectual
        property rights to the analysis.
        Finally, if you are also a research team who has         received positive results from SDMI oracles, wed love
        to hear about it.  We are making a list of links to         others who have received positive results in the first
        round.  Keep in mind that if youre going after the
        money, you might become ineligible if you publicize         these details.
                                                -Scott
        Heres the official statement, as found at the URL:
Scott Craver, Patrick McGregor, Min Wu, Bede Liu
Dept. of Electrical Engineering, Princeton University Adam Stubblefield, Ben Swartzlander, Dan S. Wallach
Dept. of Computer Science, Rice University Drew Dean
Computer Science Laboratory, Xerox Palo Alto Research Center Edward W. Felten
Dept. of Computer Science, Princeton University
