
@_date: 1996-11-06 16:57:24
@_author: Steve Edwards 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
What has it got to do with libertarianism?  John Gilmore is not the
government, he just runs the list.  If we don't like what he does, we can
start a new list. I'm not sure that it was a good idea to remove Vulis, but
I don't believe that this single act reflects on any theory of governance. SAlanEd at concentric.net, SAlanEd at aol.com,
"Life, he himself said once, (his biografiend, in fact, kills him verysoon,
if yet not, after) is a wake, livit or krikit, and on the bunk of our
breadwinning, lies the cropse of our seedfather..."

@_date: 1996-10-29 13:53:17
@_author: Steve Edwards 
@_subject: Sex, drugs, and libertarianism 
This isn't about crypto but since cypherpunks is the most interesting
libertarian forum I know, I thought I'd throw it out.
I live in a sort of urban pioneer zone, a historical district in Nashville
wedged between low income housing projects.  We have an interesting mix of
people here, black, white, asian, redneck, yuppies, country star wannabes,
drug addicts etc.
I was walking back from the convenience store the other day, when I began
talking to a young lady.  She offered to give me a blow job for $2.  I don't
patronize prostitutes, less from moral concerns, than from concerns for my
health and safety.  Nonetheless, $2 for a blow job says to me that the
market for sex acts has hit rock bottom.  Forthrightly, she told me she
wanted the money for crack, which has also become very cheap here.
It has been said many times in this forum that prostitution and drugs are
victimless crimes.  Is this really so?  Although I am generally in concert
with libertarian views, I would say that the young lady I talked to was
definitely a victim.  Also, if we are a society, rather than fortress-like
individuals, we should be concerned with the inevitable spread of disease
and insanity that is the result of "victimless" crimes.
On a similar note, I read an interesting article that connected the recent
drop in the crime rate to the rather startling increase in drug use among
young people. The claim that was made is that drugs have become so cheap
that people don't have to steal as much to buy them.  Based on the evidence
of the $2 blow job, I'm inclined to believe it. SAlanEd at concentric.net, SAlanEd at aol.com,
"Life, he himself said once, (his biografiend, in fact, kills him verysoon,
if yet not, after) is a wake, livit or krikit, and on the bunk of our
breadwinning, lies the cropse of our seedfather..."

@_date: 1996-10-30 06:35:04
@_author: Steve Edwards 
@_subject: Sex, drugs, and libertarianism 
I urge people to think carefully about issues of morality, ethics, free
will, and the type of society we wish to have. People make choices every
day. To use or not to use drugs is just another choice.
--Tim May
True.  I agree that the war on drugs is useless, and that prohibiting
prostitution is even more mindless.  Still, the libertarian ideal seems even
worse.  Think about Thailand, where sex is bought and sold openly.  The AIDs
infection rate has gone from near zero to 2.5% in a couple of years, and
promises to devastate the whole country. Burmese kids are sold into sex
slavery.   Is this the future?  People make choices every day, but few
people make INFORMED choices, and a lot of people, believe it or not, have
very little choice.  They are caught between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea.  SAlanEd at concentric.net, SAlanEd at aol.com,
"Life, he himself said once, (his biografiend, in fact, kills him verysoon,
if yet not, after) is a wake, livit or krikit, and on the bunk of our
breadwinning, lies the cropse of our seedfather..."
