
@_date: 2003-12-03 11:06:08
@_author: Sam Joseph 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Peer-to-Peer Journal (P2PJ) CFP 
Hi David,
Although I agree with you about the copyright issue, I think that this
kind of thing is pretty common with academic journals. I'm not saying
that makes it right, but it is true.  Every time I get a paper published
in a book or journal I have to sign away my rights to the paper.
It is a wonderful little earner for the academic publishing industry
generally.  They have academics working for free to generate the
content, and then they charge other academics to get access to the
journal. I think it is another one of those fucked up things that we
can't do very much about.  However I would imagine that the publishers
of academic journals would say that there is such low readership that
without free content and exorbitant fees to libraries the entire thing
would not be profitable, i.e. they couldn't make enough money to pay the
people who work to actually print the journal.  At the moment P2PJournal
is not making any money, is not charging you to read the journal, and
everyone is putting in their time for free.  As it happens I have yet to
have any say in the copyright issues.  I'm working on trying to get the
P2PJournal to serve the best interests of the P2P community.  I will
pass on your comments to the Editor-in-chief.
BTW, I think the standard deal with most journals is that you can
publish the work on your own personal website as well - but it would be
good to make that explicit.
As for a complete copyright share - personally that sounds fine to me,
but one could argue that if the same work was completely free to be
published anywhere else then why would anyone want to read the
P2PJournal.  I'm not sure I totally buy the argument myself, but I think
the reason that most academic journals and conferences give for holding
on to the copyright of the papers they publish is that if they didn't
then they would be unable to maintain their readership or attendees.
Whether this is true or not is open to question.
There is also a sot of contradiction in terms of having a P2PJournal
with restrictive copyright rules - but then such is life.  Let us see
what we can evolve.
CHEERS> SAM
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:

@_date: 2005-10-11 03:53:51
@_author: Sam Joseph 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Workshop on Dependable and Sustainable Peer-to-Peer 
[CALL FOR PAPERS]
The First International Workshop on Dependable and Sustainable Peer-to-Peer
Systems (DAS-P2P 2006) is the first workshop which focuses on dependability
and sustainability of P2P systems, with respect to their designs,
applications and social impacts.
Peer-to-Peer (P2P) can be a promising technology on which we can depend
of ours and our children, upon which we can build sustainable societies.
Designs of P2P systems are characterized by their usage of overlay networks
such that there is symmetry in the roles among participants. This implies
distribution of authorities, not only preventing introduction of single
of failure, but also assuring a level of autonomy which allows many of
us to
spontaneously start, maintain, or recover from failures of, such systems.
Although difficulties exist, such as uncertainty in the trust among
participants, one needs to be aware that such difficulties are, in many
due to our own human nature; depending on P2P is, in fact and literally,
depending on ourselves and our friends, which seem to be the only ones
we can
trust anyway, when it comes to our own survival.
The goal of this workshop is to share experiences, insights and new
ideas, and
set forth research agendas and suggestive future directions by
among researchers with different disciplines and with similar interests
dependability and sustainability.
The following is a non-exhaustive list of relevant topics:
** Designs and operations of dependable and sustainable P2P systems
- Self-organization and emergence
- Attack-resistance
- Fault tolerance
- Sustainable operations
- Sustainable mutual trust
- Sustainable reciprocal relationships
** Applications and social impacts of dependable and sustainable P2P
- Sustainable economy
- Sustainable governance
- Sustainable lifestyles
- Rescue activities
- Post-catastrophic recovery
- Tackling environmental problems
The program of the workshop will be a combination of invited talks, paper
presentations and discussions.
[SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS]
The workshop invites your contributions of previously unpublished
papers, which
will be selected based on their originality, technical merit and topical
relevance. Papers will also be selected by the likelihood that they will
to interesting and fruitful discussions at the workshop.
Your contributions should be formatted acoording to the IEEE Computer
Press Proceedings Author Guidelines: 10-point Times, single-spaced,
format (see detail). Each of your contributions should not exceed 8 pages.
See the workshop web site ( for the submission
Proceedings of the workshop will be published by IEEE Computer Society
[IMPORTANT DATES]
Paper submission due: December 4th, 2005
Notification of acceptance: January 15th, 2006
Camera-ready copies due: February 1st, 2006
Author registration due: February 1st, 2006
Workshop: April 20th-22nd, 2006 (exact date is to be decided)
Workshop registration will be handled by the ARES 2006 organization along
with the main conference registration.
[ORGANIZING COMMITTEE]
Program co-chairs:
Yusuke Doi
Communication Platform Laboratory, Corporate R&D Center,
TOSHIBA Corporation
1 Komukai-Toshiba-Cho, Saiwai-Ku, Kawasaki
Kanagawa 212-8582 Japan
Youki Kadobayashi
Graduate School of Information Science
Nara Institute of Science and Technology
Takayama 8916-5, Ikoma
Nara 630-0192 Japan
Kenji Saito (main contact)
Graduate School of Media and Governance
Keio University
5322 Endo, Fujisawa
Kanagawa 252-8520 Japan
ks91 at sfc.wide.ad.jp
[PROGRAM COMMITTEE]
See the workshop web site (
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
