
@_date: 2000-09-19 07:50:03
@_author: Sameer Parekh 
@_subject: CDR: bsp - RSA expiration party this Thursday (Free!) 
the music at the Great American Music Hall can't go past 1:15.
email with the # of people who plan to attend to
 Entrance is free, but the
Cryptorights Foundation will be accepting donations at the door.
cryptography and human rights fields. The Great American Music Hall's
kitchen will be open until 10:30, so show up early, have dinner, and
listen to some fine speeches.
with the slamming techno sounds of the San Francisco underground!
Featuring DJs
Sameer (FnF, Cloudfactory, Urban Wasteland, Mad Hatter, trustcrew)
parties since 1993. In 1999 with some of the crew he met through
Friends & Family he started throwing the legendary Urban Wasteland
parties in urban renegade locations in and around the East Bay. He
also picked up his first slab of wax in early 1999 and has been
playing sick pounding techno at parties around the world since then.
He is also involved in producing a weekly club in Oakland called the
Mad Hatter. Sameer is also known as the founder of C2Net, the company
that pioneered the international development of strong cryptography to
avoid United States export restrictions.
DJ Tektrix (Sister, Tetractys, Influence Recordings)
Tektrix has played alongside DJs such as Forest Green, Twerk, Terrac,
Plateshifter, Mike Sims, Darin Marshall, Sean Murray, J-Bird, Tom L-G,
2x4 with DJ Zeel, Sifu, HoneyB, and Ethan. In 1999 she threw a party
called Circle that took place at the Mother's Cookies Warehouse,
conducted weekly live internet and pirate radio broadcasts on Vulcan
Free Radio, and this year became a resident at Tetractys and Sister.
She has played at parties such as Static, Circle, Overworld, and
Forest Green (Cloudfactory, Sister, XLR8R, technologix, FnF)
several years. She has traveled both across the nation and into Canada
to bring the sick Techno sound to those in need. you might also know
her as one of the starring DJs from the hit underground movie Groove!
also featuring tracks produced by the EFF's very own:
Patrick Norager (Virtual Recordings, RadioEFF)
artist in his own right. Patrick has produced some phat tracks
especially for this event, including phat rhythm tracks under audio
samples of famed investigative journalist Duncan Campbell talking to a
Cypherpunks meeting last year about his work on revealing the
existence of ECHELON. Be sure to listen for them during the music
portion of the evening.
Event Features
Food & Drinks:
for your patronage, and there will be tables and chairs available on
the main floor and the balcony for anyone wishing to dine or drink
(please designate a driver!). There will be pretzels/nuts/etc for
those just wishing to nibble. Note that the GAMH has been very
supportive of this benefit, and have offered us a small refund of some
of the event fees if the bar and kitchen meet a minimum, so eating and
drinking are yet another way for you to benefit the CRF. Enjoy!
there may be some job recruiters, so if you need a job, bring a resume
and/or card.
CryptoRights Memberships:
$20, you get a one-year CRF membership and a cool t-shirt! Such a
each other backrubs. RSA employees get preferential treatment!
"The Party Line"
A few comments from the CryptoRights Foundation on why we're having
this event...
The last of the Big Crypto Patents --the RSA algorithm-- will
officially expire and enter the Public Domain on 20 September 2000 (at
midnight local time), two decades after its original discovery and
after 17 years of fun with royalties.
Over the years, RSA Security Inc often made the algorithm free for use
by academics and non-profits, so it's fair to say that most of the
patent's impact over the years has been in the commercial sector, but
that has had an impact on public domain open source freeware since
many freeware crypto products are funded by commercial development.
On the other hand, as Whit Diffie and I both argued at a recent BayFF
meeting, the RSA patent may even have pushed people to form groups
like the Cypherpunks, the EFF and the CRF (a good thing for everyone),
as well as freeware products like PGP (via MIT). Nevertheless, once
it's entirely public property again, everyone in the US will soon be
able to use the RSA algorithm as freely as others have been able to
around the world for years. Whether you consider this passing to be as
symbolic as a press release, or a major milestone for the crypto
community, it could lead to brilliant new work by US security
professionals. Free to implement the raw mathematical algorithm in the
open so that their work is fully trustable, rather than using a
proprietary library designed by others, we should see new capabilities
brought forth soon that can benefit non-commercial users.
Many have been talking for some time about having a party to mark the
end of this era. Some of us also feel it's also time to look to the
future, and to discuss what we'll do over the next 20 years to let
bygones be bygones and focus on putting crypto to use in the pursuit
of loftier goals. We're not about complaining about the past, we're
about working on the future, and we know that everyone will need
secure, authenticated communications and data storage if the world is
to move closer to universal representative government.
The CryptoRights Foundation was founded on a few important principles.
One principle we believe in is that human rights workers should have
access to the strongest security tools as they enter dangerous areas
to document Crimes against Humanity. We also believe that security
researchers should have the Freedom to openly research and develop
security algorithms and tools without interference from external
organizations. Finally, we believe that both groups should cooperate
as much as possible to protect each others' freedoms.
This is why we thought the RSA patent expiration would be an ideal
opportunity to grow support for some of our current projects and to
get our message across. By bringing together all of the different
groups who were planning to have a party anyway, we can discuss common
visions. We hope you'll come and join all of the wonderful people and
organizations and generous sponsors who plan to celebrate the next
twenty years of working together!
   --Dave Del Torto
      founder, CryptoRights
Some Interesting URLs:

@_date: 2000-09-19 10:42:45
@_author: Sameer Parekh 
@_subject: CDR: rsa party correction 
I made an error in the RSA party announcement. You do not need to wait
until you receive an invitation after sending in your RSVP. Just send
in your RSVP and print out the announcement as your invitation.

@_date: 2001-02-22 10:36:39
@_author: Sameer Parekh 
@_subject: FAQ? how to set up a cross-platform encrypted mailing list/forum 
your original email. Not a surprise though. yet another reason I'm not
in the crypto/security industry anymore.
