
@_date: 2009-10-10 08:59:01
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [p2p-research] Metacurrency 
Gerry, I am interested in the metacurrency event. My own interest lies
in creating a set of simple open standards around alternative
currencies. My interest is that these simple standards be adoptable
across many different web applications.
Everyone keeps pointing me to the metacurrency project, and I keep
repeating that metacurrency project does not have any published simple
standard that I can adopt. They do have examples, but they are not
complete, and do not constitute a replicable body of work. Plus, in my
opinion, metacurrency approach is overly complicated.
I also see something missing from metacurrency.org, and that is that
"currency" can depend on the ecology/medium. This is different than
traditional currency, and allows "money" to be tied to what is being
exchanged within the system.
I talked with Paul Hartzog in Ann Arbor about something similar recently:
The idea that the medium of activity dictates the "currency". Paul
uses the example of bittorrent: For users of bittorrent, the currency
of exchange is literally the "bit". You have to upload to download,
and you can upload more now, which will let you download more later
(thus creating a surplus within the whole system). These types of
exchanges are not "market" exchanges, like buying and selling. They
are commons-based exchanges, where participants have feedback about
how they are taking from and contributing to the common-pool resource
of bandwidth in the bittorrent system... Read More
There are also similar commons-based webs of exchanges between people
and natural systems that can follow a "code", and the "code" need not
be like a script on a computer.
Instead it can be more like an agent based model, where you follow
simple rules about how you act within a system. Achievement of
creating a balance between yourself and the system will usually
consist of what you take from system, and what you put back in.
The argument that Paul and I make is that you can also look at your
yourself as a fractal micro-cosm of the larger system you are a part
of. You can look at where you are getting inputs from, and where your
outputs go to. What you take in can be from the "waste" of someone
else ("waste equals food"), what you output could be the basis of raw
... Read Morematerial for other's "input". These are the simple rules,
the "code" for what I call a "wealth generating ecology" (wealth =
other kinds of wealth beyond just money) a system that can generate
surplus consistently even for one person, and can exponentially
generate surplus as more people enter the system. The catch is that
most of the resources end up being voluntarily or systematically
co-managed as a "commons": a resource that everyone who uses
recognizes as something that no one user fully owns, and so must be
co-governed somehow by users. (resource is not just physical object,
can be the combined time and attention of people, etc)
(Gerry: copied this to p2p research list, I feel that people there
would be interested in this exchange. I clipped off your personal
notes to me)

@_date: 2011-01-17 08:04:00
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [P2P-F] Bitcoin donation 
bitcoin does seem to have stabilized after that initial jump. I think
the initial jump was due to the network effect of how fast the current
group of adopters jumped on board and started using bitcoin.
Still, this is a of course a valid point. Although, the value increase
seems to have been mostly beneficial to the early adopters. But, I
could see how if the system stabilized, then a new wave of adopters
jumped on board, it could suddenly become very unbalanced for the
initial participants if various scenarios unfold.
Although, I am not sure *if* the bitcoin system would automatically
inflate in an exponential way each time a new wave of participants
joins the system.
One real potential problem is making sure that "honest nodes" control
the majority of CPU power. So far, so good. It won't be easy for
anyone to spoof this system. But, if a group of people wants to
intentionally attack the system, there could be problems. Bitcoin is a
good candidate for complex systems models as a means to put more
foresight into stability, health, etc
Sepp, this is a great point.
One of the nice things about bitcoin is that it is F/LOSS, so it is
ultimately fork-able. If bad decisions are made about the growth, the
project could be forked, a different governance scheme could be
implemented, etc.
I don't yet know enough about bitcoin to be 100% sure, but the system
at least for the time being does seem to have stabilized (it could
simply mean that participation has stabilized).
Bit coin claims:
"Once a predetermined number of coins have entered
circulation, the incentive can transition entirely to transaction fees
and be completely inflation
And yes Michel, I will post this on the blog and in wiki :)

@_date: 2011-01-21 07:48:44
@_author: Samuel Rose 
@_subject: [P2P-F] Bitcoin donation 
Yes, from what I can tell, *now* the best way to get bitcoins is to
buy them. However, it seems based on reading online discussions that
in the earliest days of bitcoin activity, that it was a bit easier to
contribute your personal computer power to the network and "generate"
coins. Now, it the calculations are over a year for a typical laptop
(ref:  )
A whole history of trading can be  viewed here: Again, I think there is only one real issue with bitcoin: that it is a
homogenous currency. I am looking at the idea of soliciting donations
towards extending bitcoin software so that users may either issue new
currency (with new rules), or participate in existing currencies all
from the same protocol/software.
