
@_date: 1997-07-31 00:24:03
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
Cypherpunks & Freedom Knights. Both should be very happy to
see strong encryption becoming more widely available.
Snarky quotes not required. This isn't snake oil. There is plenty of
solid analysis behind these products. Check references on Entrust
web site.
What this scum is actually upset about is Chris Lewis cancelling
spam. He calls that "forgery" because the spammer's name goes
in the sender field of the cancel message. Nonsense.
Dimitri, the "forgeries" are going to continue until someone comes
up with a better way of dealing with spam. If you have suggestions,
post them to some of the news,admin.net-abuse.* groups or to
the Freedom Knights list.
The crap about pedophilia is also, of course, nonsense. It seems
to be a favorite slur lately with several grossly misguided people
who think calling people they dislike pedophiles is a way to
"defend freedom of speech".

@_date: 1997-07-31 12:11:00
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
Chris Lewis' sexual predilictions are of no concern in the issue of
an individual's right to use any means necessary to force their own
censorous values on the rest of the world.
  Despite what Chris Lewis did to my six year-old niece, I support
his right to destroy the creations of those with whom he disagrees.
  Northern Telecom, Bell Northern and Entrust take the position that
employing persons who openly admit to forgery and censorship should
in no way reflect badly on their production of a product in the
security market.
  Entrust is confident that Chris Lewis' forgery, fraud and deceit
in no way affects the level of trust and confidence that people should
have in Entrust security products. After all, people lie, cheat and
steal all of the time. Why should those who work on security products
be held to a higher standard?
  What this anti-forgery scum, Dimitri, is actually upset about is Chris Lewis cancelling spam. He calls that "forgery" because the spammer's name goes in the sender field of the cancel message. Nonsense.
  If someone were to put my name in the sender field of email, I would
certainly not call that "forgery," even if they used email sent in my
name to suggest that I participated in the sexual acts Chris Lewis
committed with my niece. (BTW, the charges against me were dropped
after her unexpected death.)

@_date: 1997-09-28 04:01:45
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: T-shirts (was Re: D.A.R.E.--Drugs Are Reality Enhancers) 
Burroughs suggested "Drug hysteria: just say no!"
Anyone care to make some up with:
        Escrowed encryption: just say no!

@_date: 2000-09-27 14:13:28
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: CDR: Can we kill the 64-bit nonsense this year? 
I've already posted this to cryto-canada at greatvideo.com, but it seems to me
wider distribution might be appropriate.
(DFAIT) site:
My reading of that is that the current 64-bit limit for freely exportable
commercial software dies at the end of this year if any Wassenaar country
acts sensibly and votes to kill it.
Of course, there will be pressure from the US and perhaps some others to
act stupidly and maintain the 64-bit limit or rplace it with some larger
but still insecure limit.
What can we do to ensure that unanimous consent to this does not occur?
It should be rather difficult to get unanimous consent to anything from
a group of 35, and maintaining the limit is clearly a remarkably dumb
thing to do, so the odds may be with us here. Still, I'd feel better if
I knew of a dozen or so countries publicly committed to withholding
that consent.

@_date: 2002-01-10 00:54:01
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: FreeSWAN & US export controls 
Beyond doubt it is important to keep FreeS/WAN free, specifically to
continue development in ways that keep it clear of US regulations. I
think that means not taking US contributions to the code. Various Americans have made important contributions by testing, reporting
bugs, joining design discussions and so on, just not code.
To me, the interesting question is what can we do to get FreeS/WAN
more widely distributed, without giving up that freedom.
FreeS/WAN is already included in several Linux distributions not produced
in the US. SuSE, Mandrake, Conectiva, ...
For a list, see:
However, RedHat does not include it. The issue doesn't seem to be just that
they don't ship crypto. Checking the RPMs on RedHat 7.2, I find GnuPG, OpenSSH, OpenSSL, CIPE, ... but not FreeS/WAN.
So should we just suggest that everyone buy distributions that do include
Or is there something we should be doing to get RedHat, and Debian, and
other US-based distributions to include it?

@_date: 2003-05-16 11:16:05
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Fatherland tries to tie pot to 'terrorists' 
I've heard that too, and it may even be accurate, but I travelled
through Af some years back (1974, before the Russian invasion
and much else) and it very definitely is not what I saw.
There was opium aplenty in the Shah's Iran. His family owned a lot
of it. One of his relatives was busted at Paris airport bringing
in several kilos of morphine and screaming about diplomatic
immunity. We were offerred O in Teheran and our Iranian hosts
were smoking it in Mashad.
In Af, there was hashish more-or-less everywhere, and exceedingly
high quality. Everyone from customs officials and military officers
to street urchins and respectable merchants offerred it to us. I
don't think that, in several weeks in the country, we ever spent
more than a half hour in public without someone trying to sell us
hash. Friends visited a warehouse with hundreds of kilos in it.
We were not offerred opium.
I'd say that if opium is indeed a major crop in Af now, then the
situation was created by some combination of US pressure on other
sources, the Islamic gov't in Iran suppressing it there, various
groups -- including Bin Laden's lads -- needing money to fight
the Russians, Taliban (probably with the help of the CIA and
Pakistani Intelligence, who created them) needing money, ...

@_date: 2004-03-16 15:29:42
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Saving Opportunistic Encryption 
Worth discussing at least.
Why would you use racoon? FreeS/WAN's Pluto is available, under GPL,
already does OE, and works with 2.6 kernel IPsec (though I'm not
certain if patches are needed for that). Wouldn't it be a better
starting point?
