
@_date: 2009-06-11 19:21:58
@_author: Sara Foresti 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Reminder: WPES 2009 - Call for Papers 
[Apologies if you receive multiple copies of this message]
                     ****Call for Papers****
    8th Workshop on Privacy in the Electronic Society (WPES 2009)
         November 9, 2009 ---  Hyatt Regency, Chicago, IL, USA
                      The need for privacy-aware policies, regulations, and techniques has
been widely recognized. This workshop discusses the problems of
privacy in the global interconnected societies and possible
solutions. The 2009 Workshop, held as all previous editions in
conjunction with the ACM CCS conference, is the eighth in a yearly
forum for papers on all the different aspects of privacy in today's
electronic society.
The workshop seeks submissions from academia, industry, and government
presenting novel research on all theoretical and practical aspects of
electronic privacy, as well as experimental studies of fielded
systems. We encourage submissions from other communities such as law
and business that present these communities' perspectives on
technological issues. Topics of interest include, but are not limited
- anonymity, pseudonymity, and unlinkability
- data correlation and leakage attacks
- electronic communication privacy
- economics of privacy
- information dissemination control
- personally identifiable information
- privacy in health care and public administration
- privacy and confidentiality management
- privacy-aware access control
- privacy in the digital business
- privacy enhancing technologies
- privacy policies
- privacy and anonymity on the Web
- privacy in the electronic records
- privacy and human rights
- privacy threats
- privacy and virtual identity
- privacy policy enforcement
- privacy and data mining
- privacy in outsourced scenarios
- privacy vs. security
- public records and personal privacy
- user profiling
- wireless privacy
*Paper submissions*
Submitted papers must not substantially overlap papers that have been
published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a
conference with proceedings.
Regular submissions should be at most 10 pages in the ACM double-column
format, excluding well-marked appendices, and at most 14 pages total.
Committee members are not required to read the appendices, and so the
paper should be intelligible without them. Submissions are not required
to be anonymized.
The workshop will also consider short submissions of up to 4 pages for
results that are preliminary or that simply require few pages to
Authors of regular submitted papers will indicate at the time of
submission whether they would like their paper to also be considered
for publication as a short paper (4 proceedings pages).
Submissions are to be made to the submission web site at
 Authors will be
requested to upload the file of their paper (in PDF format
only). Submissions not meeting these guidelines risk rejection without
consideration of their merits.
Papers must be received by the deadline of June 19, 2009 to be
considered. Notification of acceptance or rejection will be sent to
authors by August 8, 2009. The camera ready must be prepared by August
25, 2009 (firm).
Proceedings of the workshop will be published by ACM on a CD,
available to the workshop attendees. Papers will be included in the
ACM Digital Library, with a specific ISBN. Each accepted paper must be
presented by an author, who will have registered by the early-bird
registration deadline.
*Important dates*
Paper Submission due:    June 19, 2009, 11:59pm PDT (Extended)
Acceptance notification: August 8, 2009
Final papers due:        August 25, 2009 (firm)
Workshop:                November 9, 2009
*Program Committee*
Stefano Paraboschi (Universita' degli Studi di Bergamo, Italy), Chair
Rafael Accorsi (University of Freiburg, Germany)
Vijay Atluri (Rutgers University, USA)
Adam Barth (UC Berkeley, USA)
Nikita Borisov (UI Urbana-Champaign, USA)
George Danezis (Microsoft Research Cambridge, UK)
Sabrina De Capitani di Vimercati (Universita' degli Studi di Milano, Italy)
Claudia Diaz (KU Leuven, Belgium)
Roger Dingledine (The Tor Project, USA)
Simone Fischer-Huebner (Karlstad University, Sweden)
Keith Frikken (Miami University, USA)
Philippe Golle (Palo Alto Research Center, USA)
Stefan Katzenbeisser (Technische Universitdt Darmstadt, Germany)
Steven J. Murdoch (University of Cambridge, UK)
Gregory Neven (IBM Research Zurich, Switzerland)
Pierangela Samarati (Universita' degli Studi di Milano, Italy)
Radu Sion (SUNY Stony Brook, USA)
Sean W. Smith (Dartmouth College, USA)
Paul Syverson (Navy Research Laboratory, USA)
Jaideep S. Vaidya (Rutgers University, USA)
Marianne Winslett (UI Urbana-Champaign, USA)
General Chair (ACM CCS '09 General Chair)
Ehab Al-Shaer (De Paul University, USA)
ACM CCS '09 Workshop Chair
Ting Yu (North Carolina State University, USA)
Publicity Chair
Sara Foresti (Universita' degli Studi di Milano, Italy)
*Workshop Website*
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com
