
@_date: 2000-12-11 16:41:15
@_author: Sonia Arrison 
@_subject: another privacy survey 
"Ranks of Privacy 'Pragmatists' Are Growing"
Most Americans support the dissemination of data contained in public records, but they also say that there must be a legitimate legal or social reason for the extraction of this data, according to a recent survey conducted by Privacy and American Business and ORC International. As long as the information is not abused, most Americans support the use of personal data on the Internet for commercial purposes. This support includes the use of home or work addresses by law enforcement, potential employers, or consumer credit companies. Those surveyed believe it is less acceptable to allow private investigators or ordinary citizens to access the information. The 1,000 people surveyed in the report also say that they object to the government posting personally identifiable public information on the Internet unless there are safeguards. These safeguards include the government requiring the consent of the individual before personal information is displayed on public record, and requesting a specific purpose for such information to be displayed on the Internet. Privacy and American Business President Alan Westin says that more Americans now fall into the category of "privacy pragmatist" rather than "privacy fundamentalist." Ron Plesser of Piper Marbury Rudnick & Wolf says that the Internet industry must determine how to properly use Social Security numbers. "Regulating the purchase and sale of Social Security numbers over the Internet won't come overnight," Plesser says.

@_date: 2001-09-03 18:28:56
@_author: Sonia Arrison 
@_subject: PRI's Privacy Press Conference 
Dear Declan,
Your Politech readers might be interested in our upcoming privacy press
conference for the release of our new privacy paper: "Consumer Privacy:
A Free Choice Approach."  The event is this Wednesday, Sept. 5th, at the
National Press Club in D.C. (see below).
Sonia Arrison
Director, Center for Freedom and Technology
Pacific Research Institute
755 Sansome Street, Suite 450
San Francisco, CA 94111
415-989-0833 x107
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE		CONTACT:  DAWN DINGWELL
August 30, 2001	               (415) 989-0833, ext. 136
MEDIA ADVISORY
Government Privacy Regulations will Harm Consumers, Innovation, and Free
Speech, Study Says
Press Conference:  Wednesday, September 5, 2001  9:30 A.M.
National Press Club
Lisagor Room  -- 13th Floor
529 14th Street, NW
Washington, DC
WHO:	Sally C. Pipes, President, Pacific Research Institute (PRI)
Author, Consumer Privacy:  A Free Choice Approach
Eugene Volokh, Fellow in Legal Studies (PRI);
Constitutional & Copyright Law Professor, UCLA Law School
WHAT:	Press conference releasing Consumer Privacy:  A Free Choice
a new study from the San Francisco-based Pacific Research Institute.
The speakers will discuss the study's findings, including:
7	Why self-regulation, contract law, and new technologies available to
        public are the best way to protect consumer privacy
7	How federal privacy proposals will harm consumer interests, and
       threaten to impede tech innovation and free speech
7	An overview of more than a dozen technologies available to consumers
that allow
       them to protect their own privacy, as well as emerging
WHEN:	Wednesday, September 5, 2001
WHERE:	National Press Club
WHY:	Dozens of bills addressing consumer privacy are pending in Congress
and state legislatures nationwide. In response, PRI will release its
latest study, Consumer Privacy:  A Free Choice Approach, demonstrating
why expanding consumer choice through free-market alternatives is the
best policy for protecting consumer privacy, including protection from
government intrusion.
