
@_date: 1993-04-19 21:01:14
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Is 40 bits too little? 
Yes, in just a trillion iterations you can test all possible keys.
But if for testing *each* key you will have to figure out whether a text

@_date: 1993-12-05 20:09:53
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Graynet - anon/encrypted piracy 
P.O. Box may be not the safest way of collecting the money;
encrypted anonymous cash transactions would be much better;
also, one can not only advertize on the net, but provide the
   Suppose I open a virtual store selling illegal/copyrighted
info - software, music, movies, porn, etc.  Pirates receive
royalties from the stuff they upload; customers, naturally,
pay.  All anonymous and encrypted and based on a network of
hard-to close (offshore?) remailers.
   The potential revenues from such a store seem well worth
the effort of setting it up.
   The question is how can they close it?

@_date: 1993-12-12 22:59:56
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: USENET on a tape 
Wait a minute...
   How much would it cost to store all this info?
a few hundred thousand dollars a year?
   This seems to be the cheapest (per byte) archiving opportunity in
the history of civilization; storage cost is many orders of magnitude
lower than the efforts spent creating this info.
   Many times as much is spent on archaeological/historical research
projects that 1) can wait and 2) get much, much, much less information,
while the hugest ever information traffic disappears without a trace.
   This is unbelievable!
   Apart from regular merits of any archive and far-fetching perspectives
of Internet archives becoming a part of global intelligence, this traffic
can be invaluable for studies of evolution of languages and subcultures,
development of particular concepts, detailed biographical material (there
are many historical figures whose biographical data collection took a lot
more resources than is needed to store all net traffic), and so much more...
   In general, I would expect that if people spent a 1000 dollars worth
of efforts to write messages, it should be worth it to spend another penny
to store them forever...
   It's likely, though, that some agencies do keep full net archives;
if even not, much of the traffic may be recoverable from partial archives
scattered all over the world; the attempt will sure be made some day - but
at what cost?

@_date: 1993-03-18 23:43:35
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: POLI/TECH/SURVEY: Feds and computers. 
There were two interesting articles today in the Marketplace section
of the Wall Street Journal.
  I advise you to read them, and will give only brief references here:
1.  "White House lets you turn on your PC, tune into politics"
   - Some stuff on White House and its email addresses, email in general,
etc. Some of it informative, some stupid, some babble.
One remarkable piece:
    "... the backward White House computer system doesn't receive the     electronic messages directly, and the mail isn't answered electronically.
    Instead, the e-mail messages are delivered to White House on disk,
    where they are printed out and answered by low-level workers through
    regular paper mail."
       Ain't that amazing?!
2.   To the right from the big central material on the crucially important
subject of bacon sales, there starts an article "Ruling gives privacy a
high-tech edge" - about the Jackson Games BBS case.  While it might not
offer conceptual breaktrhoughs to anybody on this list, it is (IMO) a very
informative and sympathetic material; it describes the history of the case,
recent rulings, their implications, etc.  It is very nice that this is
offered to a large audience. - Well worth reading.

@_date: 1993-11-29 23:17:20
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Censorship, privacy, copyright... 
There seem to be repeating debates about what constitutes censorship,
privacy, and various other rights and freedoms regarding distribution of
   I would start with separating the parties involved into a number of
functional agencies (I don't believe in classification of entities -
just functions).
   The list would include [possibly multiple instances of] :
  - author
  - reader
  - owner
  - distributor
  - owner of the media
  - party mentioned in the message
  -- legal guardians of each of the above.
  - the law
(one person or group can play the role of any subset of the above agencies).
  These all fit into a simple graph, where we can mark areas where
different terms would apply, and who may establish what.
  A number of things that cause repeated arguments, seem to be evident
regardless of one's political affiliation, such as:
 - an author is the original owner, and can lose ownership only voluntarily.
 - nobody may be forced to read anything
 - the owner has a right to share - or not! - the information with a reader.
   the concept of censorship applies to control of the third party
   ('the law' in the above list) - not the owner!
 - the distributor and media owner have nothing to do with the contents
   of the message (i.e. in their pure functional form - of course, their
   impersonators may combine these functions with others).
 Other parts may be arguable, but at least the terminology should be clear.
 - copyright refers to the owner
 - privacy refers to the parties functionally involved with the *contents*
   of the message.
  And so on.
  I would expect that there should be lots of good books on the functional
relationships of various parties around information, strict definitions of
terminology and descriptions of different positions on what various agencies
should have the freedom for, and what gives you rights of such an agency.
  Are there such books?
  A FAQ on the topic would probably be useful, too.
[  Or maybe, there is nothing of that sort?
  There are examples of endless debates on undefined topics - such
  as 'human identity', where the seemingly fundamental concepts are
  language-specific and, even in English, extremely vaguely defined.  ]

@_date: 1994-04-08 14:27:59
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: MIT sysop faces piracy charges. 
Today's Boston Globe has an article on a 20yo MIT student
David LaMacchia who 'enabled Internet users around the globe
to pirate more than a million dollars worth of copyrigthed software'.
David 'faces a possible jail term and fines of up to $250,000'.
David's scheme involved usage of anonymous remailers [?] in Finland.
   The article starts on the front page with a big color picture of David
in his computer room.
   Here's a repsonse to the case I found oncomp.org.eff.talk:

@_date: 1994-04-18 20:32:31
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Money Laundering through Options market. 
I sent the following to the messages' author rather than the list
by mistake;  hope it is [still] of some value to the list;
If nobody minds (I'm not sure about the forwarding rules here), I'll
forward the $laundry thread to the extropian list.
        --------        ---------       -------------
  I would recommend transactions in *options*, not in futures.
If the option is far out of the money, you can easily get >>95%
assurance that the money will go the way you wanted.
If you execute several simultaneous transactions in different options
(including spreads on opposite sides of the price range, unrelated
markets, stop-orders, etc.), the results may be practically guaranteed
on the first try.
  Of course, transactions in related areas, shifted contract positions, etc. will be harder to track than directly balanced transactions, but
somehow I doubt that existing schemes, if any, are that obscure.
  Also, there are not that many commodities/currencies/... with markets
large enough to execute $1M+ contracts like that at a time.
  I'd expect people to use major markets in several transactions not large
enough to attract attention of market analysts.
   With access to the transactions database, one could more or less
easily compile a list of traders engaged in such activities and amounts
of money transferred.
   I believe that this way of money laundering is well within understanding
of at least some people.  The ways of catching them are, probably, too hard
for the corresponding agencies, at least organizationally.
  So the list of suspected offenders may be of pretty high value...
which can probably be realized... with some caution.
An article claiming that such a list is being compiled may well stop almost
all such laundering  [ which may kill both futures and options markets ;-) ]
  I personally would rather wait for more secure anonymous transactions
to launder *my* millions though.
sasha at cs.umb.edu
  P.S.   I read Hillary Clinton turned $1K into $100K in cattle futures
         market.   Isn't that amazing?
  P.P.S.  I'll bet $10K against $1 that you can't donate *me* $50K like this.
          Any takers?

@_date: 1994-02-22 20:44:38
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: RATINGS: Subject tags 
For quite a while now, I have been advocating a rating system based
on *calculating correlations* of people's interests in each topic domain.
   This allows to:
   - give personalized ratings to each user;
   - filter out any number of "evil tentacles" recommending you junk;
   - suggest incentives to each user to rate articles;
   - introduce digicash payments for all messages and ratings;
   - implicitly use quality criteria that are difficult to formalize;
   - find like-minded people, even if you never post anything
  In short, it works like this:
you read stuff, if you like it, you pay for it as much as you want;
what you pay is considered your rating of the article; the System
calculates correlations of your ratings with everybody else's;
you can select articles that people with your interests in the given
area liked most; so it makes sense for you to pay and be sincere -
otherwise the system may not work for you, and you will read too
much junk.  Also, people whose ratings helped you choose it, can get
some share of your payment - another incentive to read early and
carefully, and be fair (you can actually earn credits as a critic).
  Authors can establish minimal payments for their texts, but it will
be not their advertizing headers, but the opinions of like-minded
with *you* people that will help you choose texts.
   I have a more or less detailed development proposal for such a system and would be happy to share it if anybody is interested.
