
@_date: 2008-11-04 00:23:49
@_author: Satoshi Nakamoto 
@_subject: Bitcoin P2P e-cash paper 
Thanks for bringing up that point.
I didn't really make that statement as strong as I could have.  The requirement is that the good guys collectively have more CPU power than any single attacker. There would be many smaller zombie farms that are not big enough to overpower the network, and they could still make money by generating bitcoins.  The smaller farms are then the "honest nodes".  (I need a better term than "honest")  The more smaller farms resort to generating bitcoins, the higher the bar gets to overpower the network, making larger farms also too small to overpower it so that they may as well generate bitcoins too.  According to the "long tail" theory, the small, medium and merely large farms put together should add up to a lot more than the biggest zombie farm.
Even if a bad guy does overpower the network, it's not like he's instantly rich.  All he can accomplish is to take back money he himself spent, like bouncing a check.  To exploit it, he would have to buy something from a merchant, wait till it ships, then overpower the network and try to take his money back.  I don't think he could make as much money trying to pull a carding scheme like that as he could by generating bitcoins.  With a zombie farm that big, he could generate more bitcoins than everyone else combined.
The Bitcoin network might actually reduce spam by diverting zombie farms to generating bitcoins instead.
Satoshi Nakamoto

@_date: 2009-02-05 03:36:46
@_author: Satoshi Nakamoto 
@_subject: [bitcoin-list] Bitcoin v0.1.5 released 
Version 0.1.5 is now available.  It includes the fix for the problem
Nicholas had, checking for disk full and changes to try to improve
things that were confusing.
Special thanks to Nicholas and Dustin for all their help and feedback!
Download link:
- disk full warning
- fixed a bug that could occur if dns lookup failed
- prevent entering your own address in the address book,
    which confusingly changed the label for your own address
- moved change address button to menu under options
- tweaks to make it get connected faster
- close sockets on exit
- created minimum fee for transactions less than 1 cent
- hid the transaction-type selection box that only had one choice
- cleaned up ParseMoney a little
- slightly cleaner reformatting of message text
- changed the font in transaction details dialog
- added some explanation text to transaction details for generated coins
- reworded the description for transactions received with bitcoin address
Satoshi Nakamoto

@_date: 2009-01-09 03:27:40
@_author: Satoshi Nakamoto 
@_subject: Bitcoin v0.1 released 
Announcing the first release of Bitcoin, a new electronic cash
system that uses a peer-to-peer network to prevent double-spending.
It's completely decentralized with no server or central authority.
See bitcoin.org for screenshots.
Download link:
Windows only for now.  Open source C++ code is included.
- Unpack the files into a directory
- Run BITCOIN.EXE
- It automatically connects to other nodes
If you can keep a node running that accepts incoming connections,
you'll really be helping the network a lot.  Port 8333 on your
firewall needs to be open to receive incoming connections.
The software is still alpha and experimental.  There's no guarantee
the system's state won't have to be restarted at some point if it
becomes necessary, although I've done everything I can to build in
extensibility and versioning.
You can get coins by getting someone to send you some, or turn on
Options->Generate Coins to run a node and generate blocks.  I made
the proof-of-work difficulty ridiculously easy to start with, so
for a little while in the beginning a typical PC will be able to
generate coins in just a few hours.  It'll get a lot harder when
competition makes the automatic adjustment drive up the difficulty.
Generated coins must wait 120 blocks to mature before they can be
There are two ways to send money.  If the recipient is online, you
can enter their IP address and it will connect, get a new public
key and send the transaction with comments.  If the recipient is
not online, it is possible to send to their Bitcoin address, which
is a hash of their public key that they give you.  They'll receive
the transaction the next time they connect and get the block it's
in.  This method has the disadvantage that no comment information
is sent, and a bit of privacy may be lost if the address is used
multiple times, but it is a useful alternative if both users can't
be online at the same time or the recipient can't receive incoming
Total circulation will be 21,000,000 coins.  It'll be distributed
to network nodes when they make blocks, with the amount cut in half
every 4 years.
first 4 years: 10,500,000 coins
next 4 years: 5,250,000 coins
next 4 years: 2,625,000 coins
next 4 years: 1,312,500 coins
When that runs out, the system can support transaction fees if
needed.  It's based on open market competition, and there will
probably always be nodes willing to process transactions for free.
Satoshi Nakamoto
