
@_date: 1995-08-09 13:19:23
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: Only 1/3 of Government Computers Down So Far 
I'm thankful that someone can occassionally (or even always) point out that the messages are getting rather far from what is considered the main topics of the list. This is a very high volume mailing list, at least three times as high as anything else I try to read. I didn't subscribe to a conspiracy buff list but it is not my intention to go out of my way to insult anyone here. But there are lists (aren't there?) for people who find such speculation interesting.

@_date: 1995-08-11 14:01:11
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: PRZ encrypted voice software release imminent 
Am I the one of the few who thinks that PGPFone is the biggest CypherPunk event for years? I think it will be even more significant if we get strong encryption built into the low level infrastructure of Internet as Perry and others are pursuing but that isn't an event that will be big news next week. A lot of people who don't usually think or talk about fundamental issues of privacy and technology will be doing so next week. I hope that some of the people here who have contacts in the press are ready to say useful and clarifying things to reporters who would be just as happy to concentrate on usual suspects (drug dealers, et al).
On the speculation of attaching cups to a standard phone I think this has an air of unreality. To apply strong encryption you need a digital signal. That doesn't necessarily imply a computer but sufficiently powerful computers are going into people's homes at an astonishing rate already. I use MegaPhone on my Quadra 660av at home and I can't wait to try out PGPFone. Even without PGPFone I have thought for a while that computer based telephony is getting ready to take off. Combining CallerID, customized call handling, high quality speakerphone capability and a truly useful personal directory (TouchBase Pro is too sluggish, but getting there) there were already the ingredients of substantive usefulness. If you can add in street maps fetched with an AppleEvent or even a QTVR enhanced map then you get something that might make even an AT&T ad envious. Adding complete privacy (relative to previous levels available) and possibly authentication makes this a very big event.

@_date: 1995-08-16 07:29:42
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: Purple Boxes vs. Native Signal Processing 
My apologies if this is being too compulsive but for reasons of accuracy it should be pointed out that the DSP in the Mac 660av and also the 840av is the AT&T 3210. The other point I'd make is more a matter of opinion. The Geopod and associated software has been excellent and revisions have just recently been released by Apple and Cypress Research. The phone capability is particularly well designed. This is in marked contrast to the demo program called ApplePhone which was mistakenly treated as an attempt at a finished product when it was just intended as a technology demonstration. It took an unusually long time for MegaPhone, the finished product from Cypress Research, to finally appear. As far as speed is concerned there is impatience about the 14,400 bps limit and that remains the major shortcoming. But even that may be corrected by Apple before too much longer. Personally, I'm more than willing to accept the tradeoff in order to have the tight integration of the three capabilities (data, fax and phone). I still have a funky NuBus card from SuperMac (with three RJ11 connectors and an RS232 connector that was designed to combine these capabilities, it was a prototype) sitting in a drawer while my Quadra and PowerMac are smoothly providing the services. The next step will be to integrate PGPFone with the other three functions so that one could handle data, fax, phone, and secure phone all with the same phone line and without requiring a rocket scientist to set up and use it.

@_date: 1995-07-18 12:50:18
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: SurfWatch for employees (ugh) 
There doesn't seem to be any suggestion that an employer will attempt to control net access that you pay and use yourself with your own equipment. What's the problem? As far as net access from work, that will naturally sort itself out. If unfettered access is beneficial to an enterprise then that will become apparent as "repressive" companies prove incapable of competing with "permissive" companies.

@_date: 1995-10-13 23:07:57
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: applications 
Before looking at the address information I was going to send a one line: "Go away" reply to the question. I thought you promised to try to be less obnoxious. If you'd calm down and read the list for a while you might realize why this might not be the place to pose such questions. Why not take a look at the newsgroup alt.2600? You might find it a rather rude place to frequent and I'd certainly never send my 13 year old there (my oldest is currently 8) but I get the impression the topics you'd find there might prove more interesting than the political and/or technical discussions you'll find here. By all means enjoy yourself here but spend more time listening.

@_date: 1995-10-20 12:52:21
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: PGP interface for Mac--well... 
Well I tried the next obvious place and it is actually there. Look at:  Voila, your pre-schooler is playing with MacPGP. Actually you're not quite home free yet. Right now I'm trying to use Anarchie to hunt down FaceSpan Extension v2.0.1. The specific URL given in the docs points to a rather unresponsive host.

@_date: 1995-10-24 13:05:51
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: MD5 weakness ? [was Re: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF] 
With a mailing list this large and diverse one can reasonably assume a range of interests and expertise. What I don't understand is your agnostic stance on something as apparently basic as MD5. If computer security is your purported area of expertise why have you not reached any firm conclusions about it? I understand that rigid conclusions are unsafe (eg they'll never prove Fermat's last theorem) but it is not like every question is equally open. Do you have a realistic attack on MD5 or is this sophomoric claptrap? How do you propose to generate messages with specific message digests? Assuming you could somehow, how do you proceed to use that information to your advantage? So let's say I have a message digest and I'm retrieving the allegedly corresponding message which you have the opportunity to alter to your heart's content. How would you proceed, even in principle, to defeat MD5? I realize I might be assuming too much when I posit that I have the true MD5 for the message but my understanding is that you feel that MD5 might be vulnerable. I've given you all the known plaintexts. Is there a next step?

@_date: 1995-10-27 15:13:30
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: newsweek oct 30 Levy digital cash article 
I have a question about Digicash that I haven't seen addressed. I've participated in the beta test but have to admit I didn't use it with great frequency. I only downloaded $10 at a time. What surprised me was that one time I was informed that the money I had downloaded had expired. I was able to go back and pick up more but am perplexed with what happenned in that case. Does digicash actually age and disappear if not used soon enough?
-Steve Bryan

@_date: 1995-09-17 16:47:09
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: "Hackers"-- brief review and anecdote... 
I suppose this means that when "Hackers" comes out on video there's no point in looking for a cameo appeareance of the author of the identically named book?

@_date: 1995-09-27 12:13:05
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: macworld crypto articles 
PGP is probably too unweildy for the non-hobbyist to comfortably use. I don't know if anyone else has suggested it but I'd strongly encourage Intuit to make CryptDisk for the Mac easily available. I use it to maintain an encrypted partition for my financial data and the user interface is quite simple. I believe the DOS equivalent is SecureDisk.

@_date: 1996-08-09 01:20:45
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce 
Considering the fact that exactly this sort of advice has been offerred and
has been wrong for over a decade, why should this oracular statement be any
more accurate? Note that there is excellent crypto software available for
the Mac (CryptDisk, PGPFone, and MacPGP for example). Vinnie's effort is a
welcome attempt to arrange the "plumbing" so that crypto software is even
more accessible on the most accessible OS. Sniping from the cheap seats is
the last thing he should have to endure.

@_date: 1996-09-17 14:57:25
@_author: Steve Bryan 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems 
As I write this message I'm in the last day of my ISDN service for now.
When I was doing independent consulting work I installed ISDN at my office.
This was to facilitate connectivity to work in California from Minnesota.
After taking a job working for a company locally in Minneapolis I succumbed
to the temptation of installing ISDN at my home and moved my Combinet
router home. I won't deny that I'll be giving up considerable convenience
since the ISDN connection has the ability to come up quickly and
automatically as I send packets to external destinations (that's in theory,
your mileage can vary considerably). But the price per month is ridiculous
for the marginal improvement in connectivity I get over my U of M account
that only costs me about $100 per year. For the price I'm paying for ISDN
Internet connectivity I could buy 32 meg of memory or a gigabyte drive
every month.
The driving force in my decision is the continuing improvement in modem
speeds. When I started with ISDN, my modem speed was 9600 and plenty
finicky at that. Now you can get 33.6 modems for less than $200.
Steve Bryan
sbryan at gofast.net
