
@_date: 1997-10-15 23:42:58
@_author: scannmann@nevwest.com 
@_subject: Free Sex Test Drive ! 
WARNING! ADULTS ONLY!
This site contains Sexually Oriented Material. By entering this site you're consenting that you're over 18 and approve the viewing of adult material. Hi my name is Lisa ! I would like to let you know about the hottest adult web site on the web, rated top 10 with FREE LIVE STRIP & STEAMING VIDEO CONTENT with lesbian, gay, fetish, domination, bizzare, group sex, one on one, we have to much to list. See to believe 1000+ hot pics & more. Also hot phone sex like this 1-800-LICK-CUM  check it out FREE, FREE, FREE !!!

@_date: 1997-10-16 19:30:36
@_author: scannmann@nevwest.com 
@_subject: Information Security Policies 
Security Policies To Go!
Don't re-invent the wheel. Get the most comprehensive source of information
security policies available. Information Security Policies Made Easy
(version 6) is a collection of 840 already-written policies in book and
CD-ROM. ISPME is the fastest and most expedient way to write new and /or
revise existing information security policies. Use your favorite word
processing package and cut and paste from these ready-to-go policies,
justification statements, and other supporting materials. Generate a
complete policy statement in five minutes or less.
It Includes extensive instructions which provide practical advice about the
policy development process. Applicable to organizations throughout the
world, the book/CD-ROM provides policies covering a broad range of topics
including: Internet, intranets, firewalls, network security, contingency
planning, computer viruses, electronic payment systems, web surfing
activity monitoring, Java, macroviruses, data classification, push
information distribution, software development, intellectual property
rights, password management, and much more. The latest version also
includes ten skeleton policies which are ready-to-go complete policy
statements. These skeleton policies can be used as is or expand them with
other policies from the book. ISPME provides everything needed to write
standards and communicate them in a clear, concise manner.
Check out our web site for further details --  or
contact us via e-mail info at baselinesoft.com or call us today (800) 829-9955
(USA & Canada) (415) 332-7763.
Here are what people are saying about ISPME:
"It saved me thousands of hours and thousands of dollars." -- J. P.,
Capital Blue Cross
"An excellent source for policies on new technologies. Great to have it on
CD." -- B. S. F., CISSP, The Vanguard Group
"Excellent reference, I would recommend this book to all policy writers."

@_date: 1997-09-07 01:05:52
@_author: scannmann@nevwest.com 
@_subject: Money, Sex, Technology and Home Bus 
** Money, Sex, Technology & Home Based Business **
The 4 Most Powerful Forces On Earth Have Merged To Create The Most Explosive Opportunity Of This CENTURY!      PLUS:  FREE ADULT ENTERTAINMENT WEB SITE!!!
Become a part of the biggest income opportunity to hit the Internet, while remaining TOTALLY ANONYMOUS.
To receive additional information, send email to our automated
system at omc at answerme.com or...
Click Here
BY REQUESTING THIS INFO, YOU ARE CONFIRMING THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE
