
@_date: 2000-12-14 13:12:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Stego (really Markov chains) goes mainstream 
A BETTER ENCRYPTOR: Forget high-end alphanumeric characters. The
latest in encryption technology is deceptively simple - and familiar.
A new technology called Spam Mimic enables users to encode short
messages in adjective-riddled promotional language. Spam Mimic uses
phrases like "become rich within 30 DAYS" and "We will help you SELL
MORE and SELL MORE" to bury your real meaning.

@_date: 2000-11-29 14:28:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CDR: re: Imagine 
1. Imagine that we read of an election occurring anywhere in the third world
in which the self-declared winner was the son of the former prime minister
and that former prime minister was himself the former head of that nation's
secret police (CIA). Correction. He was declared the winner by the fact that he has received 271
of the needed 270 electoral votes. Let's be accurate Please!
2. Imagine that the self-declared winner lost the popular vote but won based
on some old colonial holdover (Electoral College) from the nation's
pre-democracy past. 1.  This country is a republic, not a democracy. 2.  The electoral college
was designed to protect states rights, it is not a colonial holdover. It is
interesting that leading up to the election, democrats were afraid that
Prince Al (as the democrats would like to view him) was going to win on the
electoral vote but lose the popular vote. At that time the republicans were
silent but the dem's were spinning and spinning that the electoral college
is the "law of the land" and we must abide by the law. Funny when things do
go as expected for the dem's how they can reverse their spin so quickly.
Bottom line. IT IS THE LAW!!!
3. Imagine that the self-declared winner's 'victory' turned on disputed
votes cast in a province governed by his brother! Again, let's work with facts - About 1% of the ballots that the machines
registered as "no president vote" in Dade county. Prince Al claims that
these have never been counter. Reality check: In the past elections in 92
and 96, Dade county showed about 1% of the ballots registered as "no vote
for president". In the exit polls for Dade county there were an estimated
count of 1% that claimed to not have voted for president. Prince Al would
have us believe that if the ballot is punched for democrats but only a
scratch on the card (note a scratch that only a democrat canvassing board
member can see) means a vote for Prince Al. However, the truth is the only
ballots that have not been counted in Florida, are the thousands of Military
absentee ballots that the democrat "mob" has managed to get rejected PRIOR
to any count. 4. Imagine that the poorly drafted ballots of one district, a district
heavily favoring the self-declared winner's opponent, led thousands of
voters to vote for the wrong candidate. A Ballot designed by the losing candidates party members, approved by the
losing candidates party and campaign staff, and is the same ballot layout
used in that county in 1996 without complaint, and is the same ballot that
when given to 4 grade children 98% were able to figure it out.  Finally, if
a ballot is a secret vote, and that once cast cannot be traced back to the
individual voter, how the  ^ can the dem's claim that these people knew
they voted for the wrong person? If they knew they made a mistake, the
"CONFUSING BALLOT" had these strange words on it along with signs in the
polling place, that the voter could request a new ballot. 5. Imagine that members of that nation's most despised caste, fearing for
their lives/livelihoods, turned out in record numbers to vote in
near-universal opposition to the self-declared winner's candidacy. This item makes no sense at all except it does echo the words of who has to
be the writers greatest hero  Vladimir Iljitsh Uljanov (Lenin). 6. Imagine that state police operating under the authority of the
self-declared winner's brother intercepted hundreds of members of that
most-despised caste on their way to the polls.  see answer to item 5 above. i.e. BULL 7. Imagine that six million people voted in the disputed province and that
the self-declared winner's 'lead' was only 327 votes. Fewer, certainly, than
the vote counting machines' margin of error.  and even after a recount, and hand recount with democrat operatives
managing the hand recount still had the legally declared winner as the
8. Imagine that the self-declared winner and his political party opposed a
more careful by-hand inspection and re-counting of the ballots in the
disputed province or in its most hotly disputed district. You know it is interesting that people who claim some level of intelligence
can not see the vote engineering that was attempted by democrat operatives
in some counties in an attempt to STEAL the election from the rightful
winner. We have had a count, a recount, a re recount, and the same guy won
each time. Al lost. GET OVER IT!!!!!
9. Imagine that the self-declared winner, himself a governor of a major
province, had the worst human rights record of any province in his nation
and actually led the nation in executions. This statement is beneath contempt. 10. Imagine that a major campaign promise of the self-declared winner was to
appoint like-minded human rights violators to lifetime positions on the high
court of that nation.   See answer to 9 Above. The winner of this election has a PROVEN track
record of bridging the gulf between the two parties better than any other
Governor. This claim was made by Democrat officials of the state where the
President Elect is Governor. The current President and Vice President of the
country have a record as causing the most partisan wrangling, bickering, and
politics of personal destruction in the history of this nation. I guess that
is a record to be proud of. Not to mention - National secrets lost to
communist nations. Depletion of the national defense armaments. Gutting of
the military. (What a great bunch of people to follow) Did I mention that the former Secretary of Labor for the current
administration has told Prince Al "it's over, you lost, concede."
None of us would deem such an election to be representative of anything other than the self-declared winner's will-to-power.  Look back in history, and in this current election, the one continuing the
fight when everything shows that you have lost is the selfish one with the
will-to-power. Senator Ashcroft had more reasons to contest the election
than Prince Al, but for the good of the nation did not. Richard Nixon had
just as much right as Prince Al to contest, but for the good of the nation
did not. Al Gore may be many things, but history will prove that Statesman
is not one of them.
All of us, I imagine, would wearily turn the page thinking that it was another sad tale
of pitiful pre- or anti-democracy peoples in some strange elsewhere." No this is proof, that all the spin, and all the attempts to thwart the
system, the checks and balances put into the system by those, how did you
put it, Old Colonials, is there because they knew the hubris of some ego
maniacal sociopath like Prince Al and is misguided minions.
