
@_date: 1998-12-02 04:17:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New Brady Bill Implications 
How does this affect private, that is non-dealer, gun sales (like at swap

@_date: 1998-12-06 12:52:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
While I was explaining the GSP8191's features to an engineer a few weeks
back he ask whether anyone had thought of how to do secure conferencing via
analog technology. I've never seen such a device. I wonder if such a thing
is practical given the limitations of modem protocols. Certainly one could
use a specialized digital device to join the clear analog channels, but
then you have to all trust this device and that's not been compromised
(anothre MITM).

@_date: 1998-12-07 13:08:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: tyranny of corporations (was: Corporate Nations) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 1621 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1998-12-27 14:05:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Locating radio receivers 
There has been quite a bit of discussion on the list of late regarding
covert radio communication. I've been doing some investigation and have
identified a promising low probablity of intercept technology for
terrestrial, ground-to-air and earth-to-satellite communication. I'd like
to assemble a small team to build and test a proof of concept. Anyone with
interest and skillsplease contact me?

@_date: 1998-12-31 14:15:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Stinger strike stagesetting 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 805 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1998-07-20 17:14:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: 3DES weak because DES falls to brute-force? (was Re: John Gilmore...) 
I think it likely, biological computation based brute force attacks will be
available much sooner than many think.

@_date: 1998-05-04 02:39:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Usual Suspects (National sales tax) 
of the graduated tax with a national sales tax is the removal of much of
the current rationale for FinCEN and citizen identification (i.e., SSN).
Certainly, it should no longer be required for establishing a non-credit
financial institution account, purchasing a money order/cashier's check or
wiring money.  In fact, you shouldn't need SSN for employment, except that
unless you supplied some number (even if psueduanon) you'd forego accruing
benefits.  The use of SSN for the ID runs the gammut in local, state and
federal programs, but is most often justified for purposes of taxation.
Now, I'm not naive enough to believe that any of these gov't agencies or
private corps are going to willing give up citizen unit IDs, but it will be
interesting to see their new rationales for the continued use of SSN (or
its replacement) for ID.

@_date: 1998-11-08 09:42:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ISPs now responsible for Pirated Material 
Not really a problem. Its one thing to require a contact person. It's quite
another to get an ISP to provide sufficient resources to adequately police
its feed. In many of the Usenet .warez. groups, for example, postings
expire after only a few hours/days. By the time action is taken its gone
The ISPs made a very good argument, in the SC CDA hearings, that policing
their feeds and access was impractical. Sounds like this could be pretty
much the same problem.
I wonder how Eternity servers, using Usenet references, would be treated
under these regs?

@_date: 1998-11-08 12:57:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IP: Discover Alien Life With Your PC And SETI 
Perhaps I'm missing something, but it seems to me that if I were an alien
civilization and wanted to send out a beacon, in as wide an angle as
possible, across the vast reaches of space and overcome as much of the path
losses as possible using the least energy I certainly wouldn't use a narrow
band signal. Quite the contrary, I'd want to spread a low bandwidth
information signal across the widest practical spectrum. Its much easier to
increase process gain (the ratio of the baseband information signal to the
final carrier bandwidth) than transmit power.
While a narrow band signal from Arecibo's powerful transmitter/antenna
combination can be detected at a distance of about 300 light years. It
subtends a very small angle greatly reducing the likelyhood of contact.
Switching to a spread spectrum approach could allow broadening the antenna
pattern, and thereby its chances of detection, significantly without
reducing its effective range. Notice how 63 dB (or over 2,000,000 fold
effective increase in transmit power) of process gain enables handheld GPS
receivers to pull in signals from satellites, sent using only a few watts
of transmit power, without much of an antenna.
If all this seems to make sense, then why are the SETI people apparently
seaching the skies with lots of narrow band receivers? They don't seem to
be employing any broadband correlator techniques, so spread signals will
probably be missed.

@_date: 1998-11-09 06:39:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A question about the new ISP ruling and email... (fwd) 
And this is where we should fight them. When the CDA was struck down one of
the compelling arguments accepted by the court was that it was way too
costly for information providers to police those accessing their sites. The
same argument can easily be made for posted materials, especially the huge
Usenet feed.

@_date: 1998-11-13 04:05:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Cylink Sued for Stock Fraud 
I heard, from a former senior employee, a week or so ago that things were
not well there, but had no idea it was this bad (ir I would have shorted
the stock, oh well).

@_date: 1998-11-20 05:08:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: SIGH... NOT!! THC tainted oranges 
I raised a similar thread last year. I caused quite a bit of comment. Since
then I've discussed the possibility of employing a common yeast or other
organism to allow individuals to create their own home pharmacies with
friends and acquintances in this sector. Their opinions vary but all
assured me that desktop genetic engineering and production capabilities are
likely no more than 10 years away and that fed measures to prevent this
will likely be singularly ineffective.

@_date: 1998-11-20 07:32:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: learn computer forensics with the boys from the US Treasury 
I see that the Mac and various Unix varients are not well represented in
these courses...

@_date: 1998-11-20 12:14:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Piracy and cypherpunks 
I tried to take a crack at it in Laissez Faire City Times

@_date: 1998-11-23 09:06:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Free Email as Anonymous Remailer Re: NPR is at it again... 
Could something like Hot Lava's proxy  be a
good starting point?

@_date: 1998-10-19 11:21:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: More on Postel 
Try Posted at 5:31 p.m. PDT Saturday, October 17, 1998
Net pioneer Postel dies after surgery

@_date: 1998-10-24 00:09:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IP: Enhanced Ability to Tap Cell Phones 
Looks for a real opportunity for civil liberty groups to sponsor Cellular
Crowds gatherings. By this I mean a place where people can exchange
pre-paid cellular phones. Since they are becoming a commodity (cost,
features, etc.) I wouldn't mind swapping mine for someone elses as long as
the amount on the card is the same. Pre-paid air time is still at quite a
premium and roaming is generally restricted, but improving all the time.

@_date: 1998-10-29 00:38:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
An alternative is a new religion, The First Cypherpunk Church, whose
members are admonished to wear identiy hiding (oops, I mean modesty
enhancing) garb, like arab women. Then we can all go around anonymously in
public. Of course, you'll stick out like a sore thumb and may look like a
fool unless enough parishoners join, but....

@_date: 1998-11-01 07:12:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: don't use passwords as private keys (was Re: Using a  password as a private key.) 
That's why some recommend that all secret e-mail be composed and encrypted
on a laptop while disconected from the AC mains, and better yet operated in
an open area (a park) or a place with lots of other electrical noise (a

@_date: 1998-09-13 10:55:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
No doubt the Arabs were being given the shaft. First by the Ottomans
(western lackys that they were) and then by the superpowers themselves
after they could no longer hide behind a puppet regime.
The Arabs didn't make things any better by refusing to accept any Jewish
settlers, including those who had purchased land from first the Ottomans
and then the Palestinians. The Palestinians had been told no harm would
come to those of them who stood aside and warned if they fought or fled
their lands they wouldn't be welcomed back.
When it comes to nations, fairness has historically had little influence on
such outcomes. In the end, all property belongs to those who can keep it
(by whatever means are necessary).

@_date: 1998-09-14 01:14:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: radio net 
I investigated this application several years back and see two practical
approaches: one adapt a commercial SSB or Ham transciever to use frequency
hopping spread spectrum, or two build a pirate spread spectrum satellite
ground station.
Until recently most SSB gear didn't have the RF characteristics to use FH.
Now there are a number of inexpensive sets which use direct frequency
synthesis (as opposed to the older, and much slower, phase-locked loop
approach) and can be driven at hundreds or even thousands of hops per
second. FH helps solve two problems: first it provides privacy, second it
can mitigate or eliminate fading (which is highly time-frequency
correlated). Also, the higher the hop rate, the higher the process gain,
jam resistance and the lower the probablity of intecept (all other things
being equal).
It think it was Phil Karn (Qualcomm) who once mused that it would be rather
straightforward to masquarade a high process gain SS signal on a commercial
satellite transponder. To it's owners the SS signal would be almost
invisible, making itself known as only a very slight depression in the
transponder's gain. Effectively, this could offer an inexpensive covert
channel for tunneling packets and thwarting traffic analysis.
After the Captain Midnight episode I discussed this possibility with a very
technically knowledgeable staffer at the FCC and was assured that discovery
of such signals were beyond (at that time) the ability of commercial and
national technical (e.g., Lacrosse) means.
There's much more, but this should give you the general idea.

@_date: 1998-09-16 10:01:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: radio net 
Because commercial satellite gear is almost always asembled from several
vendors to form a station, and because it can be assembled in many ways and
is invariably done so by professionals, there are no U.S. satellite
equipment regulations for such gear.
Surplus gear is pleantiful for those who know where to look. The hardest
part is building the SS mod/demod and that's pretty straight forward for
any competent RF engineer.
If low bandwidth links can suffice, the very large spread codes (such as
those used by GPS) can be used to place the covert channel well below the
noise floor.  GPS uses a whopping 63dB of code gain.  This in turn means a
small earth station with low power (cheap) transmitter can suffice.  I
would be surprised if you could use a backyard or even DirectTV antenna.

@_date: 1998-09-17 22:58:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Mobile phone tracking, pagers, etc 
If you can get hold of the older, analog, 'transportable' cell phones (like
Motorola used to make) which have an antenna connector, its relatively easy
to spoof the cell ranging system.  Just connect a directional antenna
(<$75) to the port (corner reflectors which have excellent front-to-back
ratios are particularly good).  You should easily be able to fool their
signal strength based equipment into thinking your in an adjacent cell.  If
you can find high ground so much the better.
Universal, an early U.S. analog cellular mfg. built this sort of unit in
the early '90s.  It was an idea ahead of its time.
Yhis is a great cypherpunk service.  Allow our fellows to make free local,
VoIP, calls from our PC/PSTN links.

@_date: 2000-12-07 17:36:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Zionist Entity Tactical Laser Fizzles 
That's exactly it. Deuterium-Flourine (and I think Deuterium-Iodine) have a prominent emission line which matches up nicely with CO2.  In practice, the DeF/DeI are hypergolically combined in the combustion chamber (that is they combust immediately upon contact) producing an impressive power output.  Somewhere inside or just outside the nozzle CO2 is injected and turbulently mixed.  Two parallel mirrors perpendicular to the exhaust lase the pumped up C02 and other (tracking) mirrors direct it to the target.  Unlike most other high power lasers these babies are CW, not pulsed, and capable of generating multi-megawatt beams. (They work exceptionally well in space if you can keep the fuel/oxidizer from leaking and make sure the exhaust doesn't dissolve the weapon)
This was a major Naval project when I worked at TRW in the 80s called Mid-Infrared Advanced Chemical Laser (MIRACL)
See or search under "TRW chemical laser"

@_date: 2000-12-07 17:50:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Zionist Entity Tactical Laser Fizzles 
I must have been mistaken, according to the material at  no CO2 is employed, rather "a fuel (ethylene, C2H4) is burned with an oxidizer (nitrogen trifluoride, NF3). Free, excited fluorine atoms are one of the combustion products. Just downstream from the combustor, deuterium and helium are injected into the exhaust. Deuterium combines with the excited fluorine to give excited deuterium fluoride (DF) molecules, while the helium stabilizes the reaction and controls the temperature. The laser's resonator mirrors are wrapped around the excited exhaust gas and optical energy is extracted. The cavity is actively cooled and can be run until the fuel supply is exhausted. The laser's output power can be varied over a wide range by altering the fuel flow rates and mixture/"

@_date: 2000-12-10 17:12:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: US: Democracy or Republic? 
Quite.  And the specter of the Florida legislature selecting a new set of electors are providing one of the best civics educations citizens young and old have had this century.  Its really quite healthy to have the myth of democracy we were all taught in grade school laid bare by the reality of a conservative and plain reading of the Constitution by some of the best and

@_date: 2000-12-14 19:57:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list 
Ahh, but one can remain anonymous in reading the Usenet feed if one subscribes to one of the satellite broadcast services (often used by ISPs in developing nations where bandwidth is expensive).

@_date: 2000-11-05 18:57:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CDR: Applying California law to ICANN 
It can also be an excellent single point of DoS attack for hacktivists.  A few days of DNS unavailability and poof go most of the ISP caches.
This is a compelling reason for promoting the widespread use of censorship-resistant peer-to-peer systems such as Mojo Nation.  Although MN URLs now supports only location-based identification akin to IP addressing, name-based addressing is under development.

@_date: 2000-11-12 21:02:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Close Elections and Causality 
Who says they didn't? These spoiled ballots don't imply that the voters who created them didn't ask for and receive new ballots.  That's a different total and one which I have not seen in the media?

@_date: 2000-11-13 18:49:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BSA deploys imaginary pirate software detector vans 
As I recall one suggested method in the paper involved some cleaver manipulation of pixel intensities and/or location to create the equivalent of a high process gain spread spectrum signal.  Brilliant concept.

@_date: 2000-11-19 18:13:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Carnivore All-Consuming 
A PC, using off-the-shelf HW, is capable of filtering a full 100 Mbps link (144K packets/sec) as demonstrated by the BlackICE products

@_date: 2000-11-29 08:29:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CDR: Industry Standard: Legislating Cookies 
Legislating Cookies
By John Roemer
November 28, 2000
In the absence of legislation written specifically to regulate Net
privacy, should a 14-year-old wiretapping law be applied to Internet
privacy issues?
Two federal class actions filed last week raise this question,
claiming that online ad companies violate federal laws by tracking
consumers' browsing habits without their permission. Filed in Denver
against Excite at Home subsidiary MatchLogic and in Redmond, Wash.,
against the online advertiser Avenue A, the suits complain that the
two companies planted cookies on consumers' hard drives to track their
Web habits for commercial purposes, thereby violating the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act, passed by Congress to deter wiretapping,
and the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.
As concerns about Internet privacy grow, legal experts believe that
the outcome of these two suits could shape the development of future
Net privacy practices. If the judges decide that existing wiretapping
laws forbid the practice of tracking consumer information via cookies,
Web advertisers will face legal liability for cookie use unless they
are scrupulous about notifying consumers of the practice. Conversely,
if the courts decide that the existing wiretapping laws don't forbid
the use of cookies without adequate notification, it could be open
season for advertisers to harvest and sell information about site
visitors, at least until Congress drafts new legislation to govern
consumers' privacy rights in cyberspace.
Although both companies declined to comment on the suits, attorneys at
the powerhouse class-action firm Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach
who joined both suits are trying to convince the judges that the
existing law regulating wiretapping can also be applied to the Web.
They argue that the online advertisers accessed consumers' information
without their knowledge, using a method similar to one a wiretapper
would use to intercept a phone conversation.
But Denver attorney Philip Gordon, an expert in wiretapping statutes
and a fellow of the nonprofit Privacy Foundation, points out that
Congress intended ECPA to protect the content of communications, such
as the words spoken in a phone conversation, not transactional data,
such as the number dialed and the length and cost of the call. In Web
usage, that transactional information is of value to advertisers.
Gordon noted that the cases might turn on whether the defendants can
show that users reviewed and understood the privacy policies that were
posted on the sites. Another hurdle for the plantiffs is whether all
of Net users' experiences are sufficiently similar for the cases to
qualify as a class action.
The outcome, whichever direction it takes, is likely to clarify an
area of Internet law that remains murky, at least for the time being.
"Internet law is simply not developed in this area," Gordon says.
"Ideally, the courts should grapple with these issues and decide if
federal statutes can be applied to the novel technologies presented."
Online Ad Companies Hit With Privacy Suits
Review: Online Toy Stores Fall Short on Privacy Protection (InfoWorld)
Privacy Foundation

@_date: 2000-10-03 13:40:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CDR: Wired article on P2P 
The October issue, page 234, has a good article on the technological underpinnings, social and market impact.  It includes a tearout "yellow pages" of file sharing sites (including Mojo Nation).
steve

@_date: 2000-09-04 11:55:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Whipped Europeans 
Most inhaled substances can easily circumvent the brain-blood barrier through a nasal path (forget which).  Its now become a common dosage approach for certain brain medicines.

@_date: 2001-04-04 20:44:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: And about the Fed's issuing subpeona's against themselves 
This is looking more and more like a Kangaroo court every day.  If this were picked up by the mainstream press perhaps many would start to wonder of Bell's idea wasn't so crazy after all.

@_date: 2001-08-02 09:05:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Stegotext in usenet as offsite backup 
Freenet and Mojo Nation are much better bets.  Because of the inherent crypto used for transport and the manner in which the data is distributed and stored, plus the ability to innocuously add your crypto on top, they make good potential data havens.

@_date: 2001-08-02 09:06:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Congress hard at work: Cereal box regulation 
You mean those who put ketchup on their corn flakes ;-)

@_date: 2001-08-02 16:25:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pi 
I tried to something like this in the late '80s to allow efficient loss-less compression using "conditioned" PRNs which could generate suitable auto correlated streams.  Unfortunately, I did not discover a similar method of locating the desired sequences. The search during the compression phase was to computationally difficult and I abandoned the effort.

@_date: 2001-08-02 19:27:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: President Bush rests comfortably after surgery to implant 
President Bush rests comfortably after surgery to implant pacemaker in brain
Posted on Friday, July 13 @ 09:34:24 EDT
By Tom McNichol, Salon
WASHINGTON -- In the second White House health scare in little more than a week, doctors Wednesday night implanted a sophisticated pacemaker in President Bush's brain. The device, known as an implantable cranial defibrillator, or ICD, continuously monitors and records the president's brain waves. When Mr. Bush's brain activity becomes dangerously slow for a chief executive, the device delivers a mild electric shock, jolting the president back to a relatively active mental state. "I feel good," the president told reporters several hours after the operation. Bush then twitched noticeably. "I mean, I feel well," he said.
Doctors say the implant is performing flawlessly, although they're trying to limit the number of shocks Bush receives to fewer than 100 a day. The surgery came barely a week after Vice President Dick Cheney was fitted with a device to regulate his irregular heartbeat.
The White House portrayed last night's medical procedure as an "insurance policy" against further problems for the president. At a news conference at George Washington University Hospital, where the
operation was performed, doctors downplayed the seriousness of Bush's condition. The periodic electric jolts from the implant, physicians say, will have minimal effect on the president.
"His hair is not going to stand on end," said chief surgeon Dr. Alan J.Thayer. "Well, maybe a little."
The president, looking tired but fit after his operation, said that the device will help him function better as a world leader.
"The American people need to know that their president is equipped to handle a trouble spot like Slovenia," Mr. Bush said. "Serbia, I mean Serbia," he added, his head jerking violently.
Bush has an extensive medical history of moderately impaired thinking and reasoning, dating back to the 1970s. Doctors have long noted that the president's thoughts easily become confused, and that his public pronouncements often deteriorate into a tangle of mispronunciations, faulty logic and bad grammar. Although Bush's condition wasn't serious enough to prevent him from running for president, or from winning the state of Florida, doctors say his condition has deteriorated significantly in recent months. The president's brain wave activity dipped dangerously low during his recent trip to Europe, and stopped altogether at one point during a meeting with Russian president Vladimir Putin. The Russian leader was unaware of any change in Mr. Bush's condition, officials say.
Yesterday, the president's doctors subjected him to a battery of mental tests to assess his risk of developing a potentially fatal "zero brain wave" pattern. Once the risk was confirmed, surgeons decided to implant the electronic device, which acts both as a pacemaker and a defibrillator. The pacemaker component is programmed to speed up the president's thinking when it becomes abnormally slow. The defibrillator can shock his brain back to a normal state if Bush's thoughts become "too fast," although doctors say that the chances of that happening are remote.
The device that doctors sutured to the base of the president's cerebellum is known as a Medtronic Gem IV DR model. (There were some problems with an earlier model, which had to be recalled by the
manufacturer.) Such devices, once the stuff of science fiction, have become an increasingly common tool in modern neurology. Hundreds of prominent Americans have been fitted with so-called mental pacemakers in recent years, including actor Adam Sandler, TV personality Mary Hart, Yankees owner George Steinbrenner, singer Britney Spears, Rep. Gary Condit, D-Calif., former vice president Dan Quayle, and the entire board of directors of the now-defunct Pets.com. Some of those who wear a mental pacemaker expressed hope that the president's condition would raise public awareness about their circumstance.
"This may turn out to be a blessing in the skies for all of us," said talk show host Maury Povich, who was fitted with one of the first Medtronic devices four years ago. Mr. Povich trembled violently from head to toe before adding, "I mean disguise, disguise, for God's sake, turn it off."
Bush has been advised to avoid deep thoughts for a few days to give the device a chance to settle in place. Doctors say the president so far has cooperated fully with the recommendation. Bush has also been told to alternate holding his cell phone against his right and left ear so the implant receives equal doses of radiation from each side. And the president will have to run at full speed whenever passing through White House metal Several congressional leaders privately expressed concern about the president's medical procedure, coming barely a week after Cheney was fitted with a device to regulate his irregular heartbeat.
But Bush dismissed the worries, stating that the Bush-Cheney team is "more fit than ever" to lead the country.
"You'll find no healthier duo than Dick Cheney and I," Bush said. The president hesitated, as if waiting for a signal, and when none came, broke into a toothy grin.

@_date: 2001-08-04 21:49:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Governors Seeking Internet Tax 
Perhaps some on the list can explain to me what the governors are asking from Congress.  A plain reading of the Constitution supports and recent SC decisions have confirmed that the Commerce Clause prohibits states from taxing out-of-state corporations without an in-state nexus.  Congress is also prohibited from delegating their taxation powers to the states, in the same way the SC ruled they may not delegate to the Pres the editing of bills via the line item veto, so what are they asking for?

@_date: 2001-08-05 09:15:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Governors Seeking Internet Tax 
So, they ARE asking Congress to try and circumvent that nasty 'ol Commerce Clause.  It should be interesting to see what Congress thinks it can fashion th will pass SC muster.

@_date: 2001-08-06 15:31:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Operating the Gold Economy 
Fot those who haven't read it.  A good rebuttal to Back Robert Cringely's article touting PayPal and condemning the gold economy.

@_date: 2001-08-06 15:42:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Risks of Microsoft Passport  
Risks of Microsoft Passport
We all know the risks of trusting DNS and the fact that users click OK when presented with certificate warnings in their browser. So what happens when you build a single sign-on model for e-commerce that leverages these technologies? You end up with some risks that users might not expect. Microsoft's ambitious Passport service uses these common Internet standards. Avi Rubin and Dave Kormann from AT&T Research Labs document the risks of the Passport system in their research report, "Risks of the Passport Single Signon Protocol".

@_date: 2001-08-06 15:44:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Laptop theft causing global havoc 
Laptop theft causing global havoc
What do the U.S. State Department, the British military and the FBI have in common? Each of these security-centric organizations has recently lost laptops with sensitive information.

@_date: 2001-08-06 15:45:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Russian programmer out on bail 
Russian programmer out on bail
Three weeks after his arrest, Russian programmer Dmitry Sklyarov is out on bail. Sklyarov was ordered to post $50,000 bail Monday in San Jose Federal Court. He is not allowed to travel outside of Northern California. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Aug. 23.

@_date: 2001-08-06 16:56:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: California victims can't sue gunmakers 
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Victims cannot sue weapons manufacturers for damages when criminals use their products illegally, the California Supreme Court ruled Monday in a closely watched case testing gunmaker liability.

@_date: 2001-08-07 14:48:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Feds Want To Write Your Software 
When looking at antitrust it seems prudent to consider, to whatever degree possible, whether regulatory intervention achieves the intended goals or whether it merely substitutes one set of problems for another.  Market dominance/penetration has been a major issue in antitrust.  Reduction of consumer choice through stifling of innovation should be included with predatory pricing and other consumer impacts in consideration of antitrust.
At a workshop presentation last spring I suggested a non-regulatory way to include reduction in choice effects.  Under the proposed changes Congress would set market size and penetration limits for all markets (based on SIC or its newer offspring) exceeding some minimum size threshold (e.g., 0.1% GNP) and enabling competitors to sue in federal court for removal of trademarks and copyrights of the monopolist related to the industry in question.  Since trademarks and copyrights are privileges and not rights they can, theoretically, be rescinded.
Under this new regimen companies would be inclined to self-police rather than risk legal proceedings from their competitors.  By setting legal market share limits and placing the initiative in the hands of competitors rather than the DOJ it is hoped to remove much of the political involvement in antitrust.

@_date: 2001-08-08 13:34:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: No fault antitrust 
I think many or most on this list, not to mention within the computer industry, might disagree with you.
This was discussed at the workshop.  Its the reason I mention the SICs.  My hope is that by extending these Standard Industry Codes to somewhat smaller gradations, none of which would be allowed to fall below some GNP threshold, that MS' classification (almost all of whose business currently falls in the Software Publishing category) might be subdivided into, for example, OS and Office Software Application Suites.
No.  Though my readings in antitrust have led me to the conclusion that there are few industries in which greater than 50% of market share are required for sufficient economies of scale.  One that comes to mind is commercial aircraft.
It might if I get to have choices which would otherwise be foreclosed once one company reaches a "friction free" point in that industry.

@_date: 2001-08-09 00:13:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Indict Saddam 
August 9, 2001
Indict Saddam
By Michael Rubin. Mr. Rubin, a visiting scholar at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, recently returned from nine months as a Carnegie Council fellow and visiting professor in northern Iraq's universities.
Tuesday's U.S.-British air strikes against Iraq once again raise the question of why much of the international community continues to treat Saddam Hussein with kid gloves.
When Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic began his campaign of ethnic cleansing in 1992, after all, Europe did not respond by expanding trade with Serbia. Quite the opposite, it ostracized Milosevic and, in 1993, succeeded in pressing the United Nations to appoint a commission of experts to investigate his crimes. The judicial process was slow, but paid dividends. It took six years to indict Milosevic, and another two years to bring him to the War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague.
Lucrative Contracts
Contrast that experience with the approach to Saddam, a perpetrator of much worse human-rights abuses than Milosevic. Sadly, lucrative Iraqi business contracts appear to have precluded any European effort to indict Saddam for war crimes.
Russia, for example, has earned more than $1 billion from Saddam under the oil-for-food programs, and has promises of several billion dollars more in future contracts once sanctions are lifted. And in the first four years of the oil-for-food program, France won $3.5 billion in trade with Iraq.
Baghdad certainly doesn't award contracts based on quality: Of six Russian ambulances ordered for the town of Halabja, for example, five broke down irreparably within a month, complained local hospital officials. So what is Saddam getting in exchange? Maybe it's the votes of at least two permanent members of the U.N. Security Council against the creation of an international court to look into the Iraqi regime's war crimes.
While working as a visiting professor at the University of Sulaymani in Western-defended northern Iraq this past year, I had occasion to witness the growing involvement of Western executives in Iraq. Mohammed Douri, Iraq's U.N. ambassador, recently told a reporter, "Politics is about interests. Politics is not about morals. If the French and others will take a positive position in the Security Council, certainly they will get a

@_date: 2001-08-12 19:11:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Indict Saddam? 
Perhaps, though e-gold is account based there is no requirement for providing a meat space identity to open an account.  Therefore if one acquires e-gold by exchanging some unlinkable value then they may spend it with a reasonable level of privacy.

@_date: 2001-08-17 09:07:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Physicspunks 
One can perform some interesting experiments using an evacuated "integrating" sphere.  Instead of a pinhead sized opening use something a bit larger with a quartz window.  Suspend a small high temperature refractory ball in the center of the sphere (tungsten) and line the interior of the sphere with PV "cells" (e.g., overlapping of standard rectangular cells) overcoated to efficiently reflect frequencies above or below the band gap.  Sunlight from a concentrator is focused on the sphere bringing it to incandescence.
The combination of the ball and the reflective overcoat functions to "remix" the solar energy limiting the "leakage" of photons not in the bandpass from exiting the system. The vacuum prevents convective coupling of the ball and the cells although cooling the exterior of the sphere with a water jacket may be advised.  System conversion efficiency can exceed 35%.

@_date: 2001-12-03 17:02:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Disposable cell phone launches 
Universal Studios Home Video and Hop-On partnered to launch what they say is the first-of-its-kind, disposable cellphone in connection with the DVD/home video release of "Jurassic Park III" December 11. The limited-edition phone, called the Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone, includes hands-free, voice-activated technology, and it only will be available via inserts in thousands of "Jurassic Park III" DVDs and videocassettes. The recyclable phone offers 60 minutes of prepaid calling time, usable for six months. The free phones will feature a branded "Jurassic Park" faceplate to enhance collectability. Hop-On says it plans to release a regular disposable cellphone in national retail outlets for $30 after this promotion ends.
Full Article:
UNIVERSAL CITY, Calif., Nov. 29 /PRNewswire/ -- In a major first for the entertainment and telecommunications industries, Universal Studios Home Video (USHV) and Hop-On (OTC: HPON) have partnered to launch the first-of-its-kind, disposable cell phone in connection with the DVD/home video release of "Jurassic Park III" on December 11. The limited edition introductory phone, a specially-designed Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone, employs the latest hands-free, voice-activated communications technology, and will be available only as an exclusive FREE offer via inserts in thousands of "Jurassic Park III" DVDs and videocassettes for a limited time.
Cutting-Edge Telecommunications Technology
The exclusive Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phones will offer 60 minutes of prepaid calling time without the requirement of a cellular service contract or monthly fee. Compact and lightweight in design as well as fully recyclable, the cell phones require only two buttons: CALL and END. Using mistake-proof, automated voice-recognition dialing, the cell phones include a hands-free earbud/microphone to provide safe and convenient communication. Once activated, the phones are supported by 24-hour operator assistance and last up to six months.
The limited edition Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone will also feature a branded "Jurassic Park" faceplate to enhance collectability. Hop-On plans to release a regular disposable cell phone in national retail outlets for $30 after the introductory promotion with "Jurassic Park III." The Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone combines the latest cutting edge communications product with one of the year's biggest theatrical box-office successes in time to capitalize on heightened consumer awareness during the holiday shopping season surrounding the home video/DVD release.
The cell phone offer will be communicated via on-pack stickers on all DVD and VHS copies of "Jurassic Park III" as well as through in-store merchandisers. "Because a cell phone played such a crucial role in "Jurassic Park III," we were looking to find a unique telecommunications partner to help celebrate the film's release on DVD," said Ken Graffeo, senior vice president of marketing, Universal Studios Home Video. "Our partnership with Hop-On is ideal and we are thrilled to be bringing the next wave of cell phone technology to consumers."
"The Jurassic Park Survival Cell Phone is designed to give consumers easy access to help if they need it -- anytime, anywhere," said Peter Michaels, chairman and CEO, Hop-On. "As an entrepreneurial communications company we are extremely excited to be partnering with one of the most successful and dominant global media and communications organizations. Hop-On's phones have the potential to revolutionize the communications industry and this launch is an important step toward that goal."

@_date: 2001-12-03 22:14:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Debate on Privacy Goes Private  
Debate on Privacy Goes Private
In the debate about new surveillance powers for law enforcement officials, Americans, in various ways, are asking a basic question: Are we willing to curtail personal freedom in exchange for greater national security? Now, a debate heating up in Washington puts a twist on the query: Are we willing to curtail access to information in exchange for cybersecurity?

@_date: 2001-12-04 09:52:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: NTT Develops Digital Cash System 
November 29, 2001
Digital cash that can be used to purchase services and goods with complete
safety and at high speed is here now.
-Its usage is virtually unlimited, from simple store purchases to bus fare
payments to regular cash register transactions.
- Digital cash can be downloaded through many public telephones.

@_date: 2001-12-10 20:30:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Thuraya Profits From Satphone Stampede 
Thuraya Profits From Satphone Stampede
This year's war on terrorism has proved to be a good thing for the Thuraya satphone, with everyone from journalists to warlords buying the phones in Afghanistan. Savanna International Telecommunication, which is selling the phones and service, says it isn't asking any questions; rather, it is just taking in the money. During the past five days, the carrier says it has sold more than 120 sets, and people continue to stand in line for the $700 handsets. Savanna says its phones can't be monitored, but others are skeptical of this claim. Reported by The Gulf News.

@_date: 2001-12-10 23:08:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: eCash reported mortally wounded... 
No need to wait at all.  There was never any serious reason to license the Chaum blinding patents upon which eCash rested. They applied only to the client and their use was or could be made invisible to the mint. Software patents, including Chaum's, are not enforceable in a number of western nations (e.g., Australia, South Africa and New Zealand). Therefore, the development and release of client software with user selectable blinding, with appropriate UI warnings regarding possible patent issues depending upon client jurisdiction, from these locales should not run afoul of international patent laws.

@_date: 2001-12-15 23:03:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
During your "rant" on re-mailers I mentioned the desirability of using popular P2P services in conjunction with remailers, possibly as middleman nodes.  Len pointed out the problems with re-mailer system stability if P2P clients were used as they come and go.  During the break there was a short discussion of using the P2P clients to generate cover traffic on remailers.  This should be simple and involve no risk to those running the

@_date: 2001-12-16 09:37:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
I worked with Jim on Mojo, so I have some first hand experience.  The P2P systems I was referring to are the current popular crop (e.g., LimeWire and Morpheus) since they have the largest and broadest user populations.

@_date: 2001-12-18 18:02:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Wired on e-gold 
One would assume then that most governments are paranoids, extremists and criminals since the use of privacy/secrecy and even anonymity technologies are stock and trade in some of their agencies.

@_date: 2001-12-20 00:59:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
If one assumes that delivery failures between remailers are the exception rather than the rule then remailers could publish delivery failure notifications in message pools (e.g., Usenet alt.anon.messages) encrypted with a sender provided key and subject line.  The user's remailer client could then scan the group for the subject line to detect problems.
One important aspect of preserving the efficacy of a bearer token based value system is fraud prevention.  If the tokens are to be exchangeable for outside value (e.g., dollars) then there must be effective way to prevent the purchaser from defrauding the mint.  There has been considerable debate on the "e-gold Discussion"  list on the risks of accepting other payment forms for e-gold (which generally cannot be repudiated).  One e-gold market maker, particularly stung by cheats, made some recommendations                                                     'May Scale' of monetary Hardness        Item
1                    Street cash, US dollars
2                   Street cash, euro currencies, japan
3                   e-gold
4                   Street cash, other regions
5                   Interbank transfers of various sorts (wires etc), bank 6                   personal checks
7                  Consumer-level electronic account transfers (eg bPay)
8                  Business-account-level retail transfer systems
9                   Paypal and similar 'new money' entities, beenz
10                 Credit cards
(Ridiculously soft)
Observe that say stock brokerages definitely do not accept credit cards or paypal to fund an account. They will only accept instruments that are very hard, such as wire transfers or certified bank checks. When hard money is required, only money-types with a hardness of about 5 or better will do the job.   Observe though that even money order and bank wires can and have been reversed.

@_date: 2001-12-20 21:00:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
I disagree.  We should all be ashamed.  The main reason we don't have the private payment system many have discussed is lazyness/"better things to do with their time" by those with the technical ability to create the SW (if I were one of them the SW would be done by now, as I've easily spent 1-2 many years and $10Ks trying to get others to write the code).  Funding the payment system, as Tim has noted, is not that hard.

@_date: 2001-12-20 21:23:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
I don't run a mixmaster because:
  - its not been easy to get running
  - it uses SMTP ports which are filtered on my AT&T cable system.  The remailer reference lists need to include port number references so users on these "restricted" ISPs can participate.  Since the traffic is encrypted it might make sense for operators to choose port numbers used by P2P applications which currently encrypt traffic (I believe Morpheus does).
  - it didn't run under Windows (until the other day)
There needs to be an automated way to anonymously and securely determine if your messages have gotten stuck at a particular remailer.
I won't run an exit remailer because of the obvious risks  Does Ian G's Hotmail exit code still work?  Is this practical?
The only client I frequently used was Geoff Keating's Java applet.  It was excellent and simple.  Has anyone looked into freshening it up?

@_date: 2001-12-21 10:43:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
You must mean non-commercial users since substantial number, probably a majority of commercial servers run this crud.
Are there good free one's?
But these are likely to be the most difficult to find and persist.  I think its a bad idea to hinge remailer network improvements on the participation of deep pocket parties who need convincing that this is a ideological fight they should take on and risk their resources and public image upon.
I'll look into this and report.
These restrictive ISP policies are almost always aimed at web hosting and mail and rarely against other ports or services (e.g., P2P) which are major driving forces for consumers purchasing broadband connections.  As for the judgement of whether something is wise I would love the remailer network to work as even as well as Gnutella or Freenet.
I see no need to follow only one path which might become a dead end.
I think architectures which lower the bar should be equally be explored.  Alternatives are the life blood of any business strategy.  Commitment to a single avenue increases risks.
If clients generate message digests for each link in the daisy chain then the Web interface to the remailers could enable automated checking whether a message was received and successfully processed by each remailer.  Provacy could be maintained by having the remailer response include all MDs for some client selected/fixed window.
Well certainly the few brave operators we currently have.

@_date: 2001-12-21 19:17:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: More on remailers. 
An alternative method, discussed privately with another CP list member, would have the sender could provide a response-inbound message appropriate for each remailer in the chain and imbed this with the outbound message (maybe in the header). This imbedded message would be a concentrically wrapped and encrypted message just like the sender's outbound message, but constructed so it would backward chain to the originator.  Might not even be to the same address as the sender's to obfuscate the linkage. Similar to reply block.
My preference is using a Web server interface in the remailer to allow the originator's client to automatically check the progress of their message.

@_date: 2001-12-29 00:36:25
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Because it's a Lie 
Because it's a Lie
Sung to the tune of 'Because I Got High' by Afroman
Osama bin Laden's friends dropped by to say hi
By taking a few little airplanes outa the sky
(La da da da da da)
They totaled the twin towers and I don't know why
- Saw people die [repeat 3X]
George W. Bush spent the day in the sky
Nowhere in sight, you coulda searched low and high
(La da da da da da)
Karl Rove covered the coward's tracks by telling a lie
- Fucking nice try [repeat 3X]
Condoleeza called the press, a tear in her eye
Bin Laden is sending secrets on video she said with a sigh
(La da da da da da)
Don't bother with the truth when it's surely better to lie
- Don't ask why [repeat 3X]
The networks never stopped to really ask why
They wanted blood - to make sure Afghanis would fry
(La da da da da da)
Now they find themselves gorging on humble pie
- Selling a lie [repeat 3X]
The President could no longer stand it, wanted to cry
Congressmen were leaking and even though his ratings were high
(La da da da da da)
Ari Fleischer warned the media to watch it or bullets would fly
- Don't even try [repeat 3X]
Rumsfeld was overseas selling pie in the sky
Back in the homeland Tommy Thompson didn't know why
(La da da da da da)
Anthrax was sorted while congress homeward did fly
- Letting them die [repeat 3X]
Attorney General Ashcroft ever cunning and sly
After losing elections to opponents who die
(La da da da da da)
Wants to eavesdrop, snoop and detain and lie
- Fuck off and die [repeat 3X]
Bush signed his name to it and then he got high
Cheney photographed while congress idly stood by
(La da da da da da)
The next election we shall bid all of them bye
- Eye for an eye [repeat 3X]
Confusion everywhere you look as accusations fly
Tom Ridge finally hired but he doesn't know why
(La da da da da da)
It's amusing just sitting watching him try
Reign in the FBI [repeat 3X]
September 11 saw towers rising up high
Attacked from jet planes hijacked out of the sky
(La da da da da da)
October twenty six a date forever we'll cry
- Because it's a Lie [repeat 3X]

@_date: 2001-12-29 10:32:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: [fsml] Euro Banknotes embed RFID chips (fwd) 
Not to mention intentional Electro-Magnetic Pulse exposure of bills to thwart the system.
A cheaper and more robust solution would embed random length and oriented glass/plastic fibers in the paper.  When exposed to a line illuminator as it is passed through a verifier, each bill would have a unique "illuminate here" - "light comes out there" signature that can be read out and matched to a DB generated at the mint.  Because of the fiber's resilience it will be more difficult to damage or thwart than RFIDs.

@_date: 2001-12-29 19:04:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: e-gold under attack by robots 
Seems some hackers have been running password attack scripts against e-gold since at least 12/25.  It has caused more than a bit of fear among egold-discussion list members concerned their passwords may not be safe against such methods.

@_date: 2001-12-29 23:13:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Rules Will Allow Airport Screeners to Remain in Jobs 
[So, as expected many of the same nitwits before 9/11 will continue to offer the mere semblance of safety and security for the foreseeable future.  Good reason to stay away from air travel.  steve]
Rules Will Allow Airport Screeners to Remain in Jobs
By DAVID FIRESTONE
In a shift, the federal agency supervising aviation security has decided not to displace thousands of current screeners by requiring them to be high school graduates.

@_date: 2001-12-30 14:32:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
OK, so why don't we pool our funds to encourage the reverse engineering and release of source code to a popular PCS/GSM phone which can be readily re-flashed and with sufficient resources (or easily augmented) to handle this app? I'll donate $100 e-gold to get the fund going.  I'll establish a publicly viewable e-gold account to hold other contributions.  The account access key can be secret shared among a few fellow CPs.

@_date: 2001-12-31 11:42:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
Agreed.  The port expander approach should be explored.  Also needed is WinModem control for smooth analog (clear) to digital (crypto) transition.
Several developers, including an ex-Starium engineer, and I have been talking about just such venture.  I sure between all of us we have the wherewithal to make this happen.
Besides the half-duplex problem some changes to the SF protocol are desired to work better with SOHO firewalls now common.

@_date: 2001-12-31 12:15:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
If platform portability is desired why not use QT?  I believe there are ports to both Linux and Windows (including CE).

@_date: 2001-02-09 20:00:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: stego for the censored II 
I know this has been mentioned before, but it seems to me that we should make use of all the great CRM watermarking technologies being developed.  One of the primary goals of such technology is to hide the watermark in such a way that it cannot be isolated from the source material or removed by copying or filtering without making reproduction of the source material unacceptably degraded.
At MacCrypto BlueSpike  gave an good talk on this and my mind has been considering the stego uses of CRM ever since.  To the degree such technologies deliver on these aspects of their CRM mandate they may serve the needs of clandestine communications.

@_date: 2001-02-10 10:09:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: stego for the censored II 
Not entirely true.  If watermarking become ubiquitous then their presence is no longer suspicious.  If the marks contain encrypted content then almost no one will know or care as they are passed and published and only the intended recipients will receive the messages.

@_date: 2001-02-26 22:19:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Centre for Hypersonics - HyShot Scramjet Test 
mics.com>
A significant portion of a solid rocket motor's weight is the casing and nozzle.  The casing allows the gases from the burning propellent to generate enough pressure that when they exit the nozzle their moving a very high velocity.  One of the brightest recent ideas in rocketry comes from Technanogy ( if you reduce the size of the propellent grains the velocity of the gasses at the burning surface can go from sub-sonic to supersonic without the need for a nozzle (perhaps even a casing).  Goodbye nozzle and casing, hello single-stage to orbit.  Thrust vectoring, if desired, would be accomplished by other well-known means.
Technanogy has built a pilot plant to manufacture 40 nm aluminum powder.  The technology's efficacy was verified by a series of test at Aerospace Corp. and they have secured a grant to retrofit a large number Sidewinders.  They claim that the change should dramatically increase range with minimal weapon system changes.  If successful they hope to apply their approach to orbital vehicles.

@_date: 2001-01-02 17:43:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
It shouldn't be very hard to bridge Usenet and Mojo Nation.

@_date: 2001-01-10 09:39:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a Little 
Published Wednesday, Jan. 10, 2001, in the San Jose Mercury News
WORLD NEWS
offshore banking
Developed nations pushing to get rid of tax havens
Wealthy countries aiming to recover billions of dollars lost to offshore tax havens are trying to convince small countries to give up the banking secrecy that has helped their fragile economies survive.
Officials from about 40 countries and territories were to reconvene Tuesday in Barbados for a second and final day of discussion about what the Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development terms ``harmful tax practices.''
The organization's 30 member nations, which include the world's wealthiest nations, have set up international standards that they want all nations to abide by. Countries that have no taxes or low taxes are being pushed to change their laws

@_date: 2001-01-10 10:32:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: As Dot-Coms Go Bust in the U.S., Bermuda Hosts a Little 
1 )     Tax Havens, Wealthy Nations Face Off
By REUTERS
BRIDGETOWN, (Reuters) - The leader of Barbados, spearheading small nations fight against demands from developed countries to reform their offshore financial centers to thwart international tax evasion, proposed on Tuesday setting up a new working group to give all parties a voice in the contentious issue.
2 ) Parties Agree in Tax Haven Debate
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
ST. MICHAEL, Barbados (AP) -- Leaders of a meeting between wealthy countries seeking to halt tax evasion and small countries with lucrative offshore banking industries said Tuesday that they had made headway toward resol ving their differences.
Source: AP | Section: World
3 ) Nations Agree to Task Force on Tax Havens
By REUTERS
Representatives of wealthy nations and of Caribbean and other small nations branded as "tax havens" agreed on Tuesday to set up a task force to devise ways to reform offshore financial centers used by criminals and tax dodgers.
Source: The New York Times | Section: World

@_date: 2001-01-13 16:12:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Vaccum propeller-head conference 
One of the first, perhaps the first, professional conference on massless drives for space exploration is being held shortly in England.

@_date: 2001-07-03 10:41:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Cloning, miscarriange, and the 1st 
The problem with this argument is that despite the apparent religious agnosticism of the 1st, the moral basis upon which the SC has interpreted our laws is Judeo-Christian. Historically you've been protected from government intrusion unless your religion offends too many powerful people or presents political challenges. Consider the Mormons and shamanic drug rituals of the native Americans.  Didn't Mao say something about all politics being, eventually, dispensed from the end of gun?

@_date: 2001-07-03 11:09:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Kyllo: Taking the 5th on the 4th 
Although the ruling only appears to apply to one's home it does raise questions whether citizens may have the right to prevent their observation while in public.  After all one is permitted tinted windows on autos.  Despite certain city/county ordinances why not masks or helmets with tinted faceplates.  What if exoskeletons become practical?  Shouldn't they be treated the same as an auto?

@_date: 2001-07-04 09:36:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Slashdot | Using GPS To Catch Speeders Found Illegal 
They were not enforcing the state's speeding regulations.  They were increasing the price of the rental to compensate for their increased exposure to costs due to accidents.

@_date: 2001-07-05 17:49:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Slashdot | Using GPS To Catch Speeders Found Illegal 
I wonder how significant such GPS-based levies would influence the basic business model and competitiveness of an auto rental company. At first be might be used as a tactical revenue source to enable lower basic rates and attract new business, with the scofflaws paying for the difference between competitor's market rates and the lower rates afforded by the levies.  Later, it might evolve into a sustainable advantage as those most likely to pay the levies avoid the agency the remaining customers may very well be much safer drivers enabling lower insurance premiums and costs of

@_date: 2001-07-05 17:56:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
Reminds me of Kevin Spacey's extraordinary performance in "The Usual Suspects."
I suspect this technology could be defeated simply by placing a small, uncomfortable, stone in you shoe, in much the same way others have reportedly thwarted polygraph tests using a tack in the shoe to mess up biometric baseline comparisons.

@_date: 2001-07-05 20:33:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Kyllo: Taking the 5th on the 4th 
I wouldn't be surprised if most or all outdoor cameras use a polarizer to reduce glare and improve image quality in sunny situations.  If so, windshields with cross-polarized inner liners (invisive to the naked eye as they would appear to be just a slight added neutral tint) should make their job much harder.

@_date: 2001-07-19 11:22:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: This Adobe stupidity... 
At 12:53 PM 7/18/2001 -0500, "Public " Yes the SW is available, but only as a demo which enable 25% of the document to be operated upon.

@_date: 2001-07-19 18:37:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: HushMail 2.0 released, supports OpenPGP standard 
Are any of those on the list with HushMail accounts having trouble?  I've gone through the upgrade procedure which leaves you on a page with no exit and no login prompt.  If you go back to the home page to login you're sent right back to the "migration" page and round you go.

@_date: 2001-07-19 18:47:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: SRK 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1527 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-07-20 10:07:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FW: FW:Read this... 
No he did it accidently.
Don't be so sure.  I know several people who have named their dogs after locations.  Wasn't "Indiana Jones" revealed as the name of the dog, by Sean Connery's character, in "The Last Crusade"?
What you really want to know is if he kicks the dog.

@_date: 2001-07-21 00:13:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Focus On What's Important in the Sklyarov Case 
Focus On What's Important in the Sklyarov Case
If you want to get Sklyarov out of jail, you need to focus on how the FBI has handled the case and not on the merits of the DMCA or what Sklyarov allegedly did.

@_date: 2001-07-21 15:39:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Adobe's Teeth.  (Was: Re: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on 
A lesson not lost of The Founders, many who paid with their lives and their fortunes even if they did keep their sacred honor.  Even if you are non-violently demonstrating BU is correct that you still may pay a heavy price.  You need to decide before you demonstrate: how important this issue you're protesting is, how far you're willing to take your protests and what you may be risking in doing so.  Then make preparations accordingly.
All Western countries fear losing the support of their middle class, tax paying, citizens. To the extent that the Vietnam demonstrations succeeded it was because they were able to elicit "police riots" in response to what many felt were mostly non-violent (if not legal) demonstrations and swing public opinion.  Of course, the release of the Pentagon Papers, which credibly confirmed \what many of the demonstrators had been saying of U.S. goals and involvement in S.E. Asia, didn't hurt either.

@_date: 2001-07-22 22:34:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser 
I wonder what the destructive mechanism is for this system?  Heat by radiant absorption seems an obvious but impractical method.  If it is, then as the article mentions there may be some inexpensive and practical countermeasures to such a system, such as making the exterior of the missile body into a multi-faceted mirror able to reflect both IR and radar energy (although doing the same for the nose cone might prove more difficult due to aerodynamics).

@_date: 2001-07-23 14:08:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser 
namics.com>
I have a hard time imagining that a mirrored and faceted vehicle exterior would provide enough absorption to enable this mechanism, otherwise the laser's own mirrors would like destruct from the same exposure.

@_date: 2001-07-23 15:06:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser  
Only because the rocket exterior has not been "stealthed" via high reflectivity and faceting.

@_date: 2001-07-23 15:43:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Ohio man convicted for "obscene" stories in his private 
"What's the difference between the Russian Constitution and the American Constitution?  They both guarantee freedom of speech, but the U.S. Constitution also guarantees freedom after the words are uttered."
Dmitry Perevozhkin, "Anecdotes about Putin"

@_date: 2001-07-23 17:24:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser   
Ahhh but  faceted exterior would deny the adversary less a visual or radar cross section to acquire and track (yeah I know about the tail plume).

@_date: 2001-07-24 23:31:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser 
From US Pat 5,345,238, Satellite signature suppression shield
If a high energy laser (HEL) is being used to attack the shield, the laser must irradiate the cone with an energy above 10 watts per square centimeter normal for more than two minutes continuously to damage the gold coating. Occasional short term hits will do no damage except by lasers with a much higher energy than currently considered practical. Higher laser energy levels will do damage in less time, but the signature suppression levels are low enough, that closed loop tracking of the satellite is impractical at altitudes above 100 km. FIG. 6 shows the time required for vaporization of the metal film over the balloon skin as a function of the aspect angle. Direct irradiation with a 10 W/cm.sup.2 laser beam was used. The dotted line in the figure represents a 10 micron gold film over a 0.5 mm Kapton skin. The solid line represents a 10 micron aluminum film over a 0.5 mm Mylar skin.
So if the exterior of the missile had characteristics similar to the shield above it might deter direct damage from a HEL.
I haven't done the path loss calculations but suffice it to say acquiring and maintaining beam lock and delivering several Watts/cm at distances of 100 km is a daunting challenge.  Due to Raleigh scattering some pretty big aperture mirrors are needed to keep beam divergence sufficiently small (non-Gaussian optics, for example second order Bessel, could also help but complicate optical design and efficiency.)

@_date: 2001-07-24 23:38:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser 
The optics used for focusing are probably mirrors, one fully reflective and probably backed by piezo actuators to controllably distort for focus and adjust for atmospheric distortions, the other mostly reflecting (to keep the lasing process going) to "leak" the lethal beam.

@_date: 2001-07-24 23:44:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Choate Prime Physics 
The photons don't lose energy: the beam or flux is diminished in intensity.  Your improper choice of terms is what's getting creating the

@_date: 2001-07-25 08:48:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser (washing 
n amics.com>
Or reduce the effectiveness of the detection system by clandestinely "salting" vessels entering our ports with radio active dust with the same energy signatures.  Sort of a radio active chaff.

@_date: 2001-07-25 20:52:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Weird message from someone named "NIPC" 
I've also gotten two such emailing.  Fortunately (or unfortunately) the attachments were automatically detected by my system and deleted before I could read them.

@_date: 2001-07-26 13:41:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Corporate totalitarianism? 
Would holding both the corporation and its executives libel for the same crime constitute a form of double jeopardy ;-)
Is it possible for the injured parties to criminally prosecute the alleged offenders under federal law (i.e., substitute for the DOJ)?  If not, then that is what is needed.  The govenment should not enjoy a privileged position on enforcement of criminal statutes.

@_date: 2001-07-26 19:26:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Corporate totalitarianism? 
Grand Juries could be required to equally consider law enforcement and independent prosecutions.
 From a economic standpoint, if the aggrieved parties first win a big civil judgement against the companies it could fund a substantial criminal prosecution effort.  It also might serve to reduce the degree of discretionary prosecutions so many decry.

@_date: 2001-07-27 11:25:21
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A question of self-defence - Fire extinguishers & self 
The primary, perhaps only, effective purpose of a military is to "break things and kill people."  I seem to recall a book about the Marine Corp with a Fedex satire motto along the lines of "When it absolutely has to be destroyed overnight!"

@_date: 2001-07-30 12:40:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Findlaw: The New York Times and Napster 
It will be very interesting if Napster decides to take Mr. Chander's suggestion and ask the court to force copyright holder's back to the table and compel them to negotiate or face an arbitrated result based on New York Times v. Tasini

@_date: 2001-06-06 12:27:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
I'm aware of the FAA restrictions on rocket launching (although there doesn't appear to be curbs on development or static testing).  Where can one find those related to biology?

@_date: 2001-06-07 10:11:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Credentialling of America 
There are however practical restrictions on obtaining needed supplies and equipment.  Try finding a laboratory reagent supplier willing to sell to other than an accredited research institution.

@_date: 2001-06-10 23:23:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Substantive Due Process 
It is accepted jurisprudence that one is not required to obey unconstitutional laws.  Of course, one can be incarcerated for failing to do so until one is able to prevail in court.  As has been pointed out many times on this list, a number of significant SC decisions (e.g., Commerce Clause as a basis for much of Federal law) appear to fly in the face of a plain reading of the Constitution and its reasonable interpretation from historical documents (e.g., Madison's excellent notes during the constitutional convention).
Since FDR the SC has generally supported expansion of federal authority at the expense of State and individual rights.  A few recent decisions have shaken the confidence of the left that this trend will continue unchecked.  Let's hope the current members can stay on long enough to reverse some of the damage done in the past century.

@_date: 2001-06-11 12:54:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pap Smear 
Much deleted.
It appears that one effective way to combat such a virus is with Approach 1: Merge one of those "50 million Internet address lists" and random listing of possibly pedo file names which the virus might have flagged and generate email.  Generate forged emails from these addresses and mail notifications to random addresses from the virus' LE address list.
Approach 2: Release another virus which generates false reports from any of the users it infects.

@_date: 2001-06-16 16:55:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: eBay: Burn DVD movies onto CD? 
If so it not very useful.  Lots of such free utilities out there for that.
As keyser-soze notes, in a reply with an incorrect subject line, if you want to put DVD originated video content to CDs for subsequent flexible viewing (PC or DVD player) you need to convert it to another format (VCD/SVCD). You can also make .avi or mpeg4 files for PC viewing from them (it seems the vcdhelp site referenced by keyser also has material for that.)

@_date: 2001-06-18 14:40:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: napster: civil disobedience re: copyright laws 
An interesting article, but not entirely factual. The author states that, "Historically, copyright protections were afforded to promote expressive discourse fundamental to a democratic society." I think a bit of digging shows that not to be the case.
 From The Anglo-American copyright system grew from a private sector function of the English Stationers' Guild in the 15-16th century. It mainly functioned to regulate the book trade to ensure that members of the guild enjoyed monopolies in the books they printed. Conveniently for English authorities, the guild's practices provided an infrastructure for controlling (i.e., suppressing) publication of heretical and seditious materials. The English kings and queens were quite willing to grant to the Stationers' Guild control over the publication of books in the realm in exchange for the guild's promise to refrain from printing such dangerous materials. Until its abolition, the Star Chamber was available to back up judgments emanating from the stationers' private enforcement and censorship system.
If the pre-modern copyright system promoted freedom of expression by making books more widely available, this was an incidental byproduct of the market that arose for books, not an intended purpose of the then-prevailing copyright system. Far more harmonious was the relationship between copyright and censorship in that era. Men burned at the stake for writing texts that were critical of the Crown or of established religion. The stationers' copyright regime was part of the apparatus aimed at ensuring that these texts would not be printed or otherwise be widely accessible to the public.
I think it would be much more accurate to say that copyright's "modern era," which began with the Statute of Anne is about to celebrate its 300 anniversary. However, the fact that a private, pre-modern, copyright form lasted for over a century, which was motivated by the profit of monopoly control and with the government's help censorship, is an important example in understanding how revisionist history is created and should not be ignored.
Steve Schear
"War is just a racket ... something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small group knows what its about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses." --- Major General Smedley Butler, 1933

@_date: 2001-06-18 17:11:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ZKS competitor? 
Carnivore 'No Problem' for New E-Mail Encryption
If a new software research project proves successful, Web surfers will be able to send secure e-mail and instant messages that are not only automatically encrypted, but are further hidden from prying eyes by a stream of fake data.

@_date: 2001-06-19 08:04:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: napster: civil disobedience re: copyright laws 
You'll have to take this up with Pam, as this was quoted from her material.

@_date: 2001-06-19 08:06:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: napster: civil disobedience re: copyright laws 
I understand a similar fate befell Guttenberg's typesetter but that (I believe) was in what is now Austria or Germany.

@_date: 2001-06-22 12:03:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Slashdot | @Home Cuts Newsgroups Due to DMCA Complaints 
I don't understand how DMCA comes into play for content already ripped by someone else.
I don't think so, but have never checked.
It seems that one ploy the digital video posters could use is to select a popular, innocuous, news group, and add their content.   would then be forced to either filter binaries from that group or take it offline, offending a lot of innocent users.

@_date: 2001-06-22 15:02:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Slashdot | @Home Cuts Newsgroups Due to DMCA Complaints 
Before anyone says its because all DVD content, even from Hollywood, is assumed to be protected that's not true.

@_date: 2001-06-22 23:50:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Art of Submarine Warfare 
No need to use something so targeted at the cop camera, just install rear-facing infrared floods and keep them on all the time.  (Cadillac drivers with the new night-driving, IR, heads-up displays will be particularly upset..) The IR cut-off filters of most cameras are too broad to block invisible near IR, so the floods will cause the AGC to greatly darken the image as described above.

@_date: 2001-06-26 09:38:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pleading to Washington for broadband 
What's needed are high-altitude communication platforms powered, from the ground, by users in exchange for bandwidth.  Since the 2.4Ghz band was originally intended for non-communication purposes (that's why its called ISM - Industrial Scientific Medical) why can't (within OSHA limits) small, inexpensive, ground stations be built (physically similar to those used for the DishNetwork) which both help power the plane and offer a communication link?  Beam spread due to the small antennas might be combatted by controlling each antenna's phasing to create "virtual" antennas, like the new SETI project envisions, for efficient energy delivery.

@_date: 2001-06-27 19:59:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: DCMA: You must use Ford Gas in Ford Cars or Else We Repo 
Its only egregiously if the manufacturer fails to inform the prospective purchaser that performance is only guaranteed with OEM cartridges.  Because consumers will base buying decisions on a dollar the sellers have resorted to pricing the printers so that they make their money on the supplies.  A valid model to me.  (Steve, who retrofit his Epson Color 740 for continuous ink supply and never has to purchase or refill a cartridge on the printer

@_date: 2001-06-27 23:09:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: DCMA: You must use Ford Gas in Ford Cars or Else We Repo  
No need, you can buy these kits for about $100 (by the time you've used up the initial ink supply included with the kit you've save about $300 by their reckoning) from MIS   Their Epson Continuous Flow System is one of the best computer-related investments I've ever made.  If you're considering a new printer, consider an Epson and a CFS.  They also sell archival and quadratone inks (for incredible B&W prints).

@_date: 2001-06-28 07:20:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: DCMA: You must use Ford Gas in Ford Cars or Else We Repo 
An interesting tech war that gets little or no press.

@_date: 2001-06-29 08:28:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hackers aren't quite ready to wage war on censors  
Hackers aren't quite ready to wage war on censors
A group of hackers has decided to pull the launch of its ambitious file-sharing project designed to trounce censorship. The project, named Peekabooty was announced last year by hacker group Cult of the Dead Cow, apparently needs more work before it can be unleashed. Originally the group promised to unveil the P2P software at the Def Con conference for hackers.

@_date: 2001-03-03 09:35:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: eSurvellance via cable modem? 
Nothing really surprising here.  This spec, as I understand it, applies only to VoIP connections established through the service provider's Call Management System (their equivalent of a PBX).  If users employ their own SW to do call placement it doesn't come under the spec.  (Of course, that means you also don't get the improved latency characteristics offered by the ISP for their VoIP terminated calls).

@_date: 2001-03-03 21:01:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
A more insidious plan would put up a fleet of retro-reflector satellites. Before Telstar two Echo aluminized plastic film balloon reflectors were launched.  Over 100ft in diameter they weighed about 50 lbs apiece and remained in orbit and operational for over a year, one using compressed gas and another using a sublimation-based generator to keep the structure inflated.
An upgraded reflector using a inflated array of smaller corner cubes would have much higher effective reflectivity due to a lower dispersion of the return signal then Echo.  An array of smaller cubes also increase the life span since they can be compartmentalized after inflation reducing the effects of micrometeorite punctures.  Depending upon orbital height such sats could be effectively used to communicate over metropolitan and larger Since its passive, there are no electronics to fail and no costs for ground control.  You can use most any UHF and higher frequency because its a broadband device.  This means many of the frequencies below 11 GHZ, which are not much affected by rain scatter and atmospheric absorption and now used for terrestrial microwave, can be reused with little or no interference because the beam path is largely orthogonal to the current users.  By having so much bandwidth available very broadband communication techniques like UWB may be entirely feasible.
Due to the narrow angle of the return beam's cone, only backyard sized dishes (maybe even the smaller "dish network" jobbies) married with inexpensive alt/azimuth mounts might be required at the receiving end. However, since the satellites are moving continuously communication would be problematic (and require better sky coverage then working geosynchronous sats) without a large number of birds and/or steerable beam receiving antennas.  Then again, with enough bandwidth spreading a low data rate (10s kbps) signal might be receivable from such a bird with a simple whip in the same way as GPS.
The transmitter end requires a considerably larger dish, to put the maximum amount of energy on the sat, but not beyond that used by advanced amateurs radio buffs doing moon bounce communications.  A maser transmitter with cavity modified to form a single, non-zero-order Bessel beam could reduce dispersion by an order of magnitude over the divergence angle of beams emerging from the dish using a Gaussian profile, but this is probably too exotic for non-commercial consideration.

@_date: 2001-03-04 11:21:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: eSurvellance via cable modem? 
At least as interesting is the PacketCable security specification   Page 160 lays out the graphic details on how they can spy on customer communication.

@_date: 2001-03-16 20:45:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
No need for Pt  Ag does just fine and has been used for many/most H2O2-based engines.

@_date: 2001-03-26 18:21:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Traffic 
AND THE OSCAR FOR BEST PICTURE ON GOVERNMENT FAILURE GOES TO..."
Steven Soderbergh's "Traffic" failed to win last night's Academy Award for Best Picture, but its sobering lessons about the War on Drugs make it Hollywood's most educational offering in years, explains economist Jeffrey Miron, research fellow at The Independent Institute, in an op-ed that appeared in yesterday's San Diego Union-Tribune, New Jersey Record, and the Orange County Register.
"Although 'Traffic' did not win the Oscar for Best Picture of the Year, writes Miron, "it deserves the title of Most Important Picture of the Year."
"Traffic" does not address all of the drug war's unintended consequences (no film could), but what it does address, it does so brilliantly. "Traffic" Miron argues, shows how drug prohibition causes the violence often attributed to drugs, corrupts government bureaucrats, enriches criminals at expense of the rest of society, and strains relations between races and nations. "Traffic" also shows why many law-enforcement agents come to believe that the drug war cannot be won.
Given the drug war's many casualties, the cultural impact of "Traffic" may come to surpass that of two other recent movies that bust the myth of good government, William Gazecki's shocking documentary, "Waco: The Rules of Engagement" (1997) -- which led to more Congressional hearings on the Waco raid -- and Barry Levinson's prescient tragicomedy, "Wag the Dog" (1997) -- whose title has become a catch phrase for presidential slights of hand conducted with military props. If so, then perhaps the United States will begin to wean itself from its destructive addiction to the drug war.
(Note: For TV viewers who didn't recognize former White House Drug Czar Barry McCaffrey in the audience at last night's Academy Award ceremonies, McCaffrey was the one wearing egg on his face.)
See "Traffic's Lessons" by Jeffrey A. Miron, at
Also see:
"The American Drug War: Anatomy of a Futile and Costly Policy Action" by Independent Institute Research Fellows Bruce L. Benson and David W. Rasmussen, at
Bruce L. Benson and David W. Rasmussen's article, "Predatory Public Finance and the Origins of the War on Drugs, 1984-1989" (THE INDEPENDENT REVIEW, 1996), at
D. Eric Schansberg's review of DRUG POLICY AND THE DECLINE OF AMERICAN CITIES by Sam Staley (THE INDEPENDENT REVIEW, Winter 1998), at
For more writing from The Independent Institute on illicit drugs, see

@_date: 2001-03-29 19:30:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Face Recognition Technolgy Is Next - Big Brother Arrives 
There have been a few discussions on this list of possible means for defeating such systems operating in public places.  I recall suggesting a new religion, whose worshipers are encouraged to appear with veils and masks, might make an interesting legal challenge to anti-mask laws in effect.

@_date: 2001-03-29 21:53:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Face Recognition Technolgy Is Next - Big Brother Arrives 
I doubt it would get strong consideration from a religious standpoint.

@_date: 2001-03-29 22:00:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ecash tech layoffs 
The only surprise is that they are still around.  Despite the early hoopla eCash did little more than dust off DigiCash's old business model.  Nothing like a foolish consistency to guide one on the road to failure.

@_date: 2001-03-30 13:32:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Face Recognition Technolgy Is Next - Big Brother Arrives 
Yeah, but only theoretically.
Consider the persecutions of Mormons in the 1870, ostensibly over religion when the real problem was their ballot and officeholder dominance of the Utah Territory thwarting the goals of D.C. politicians and wealthy non-Mormons (many outside the state) who wanted statehood and more Federal Prohibitions over the use of psychotropics by Native Americans is another.

@_date: 2001-03-30 13:38:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Face Recognition Technolgy Is Next - Big Brother Arrives 
Not to mention placing some 3M privacy screen plastic over the license plate so only those directly behind and about the same elevation can view the characters.

@_date: 2001-11-03 19:02:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FC: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from 
If the information provided in the article and your interview is reasonably accurate I suggest the Green Party, which is fairly popular in Maine, and others who oppose this sort of McCarthyesque law enforcement take direct action against them.  By that I mean they identify the "thugs", including towns and photos, and invite the opposition to shun them in every legal way possible (e.g., denying them service at restaurants, shops, service stations, etc.)

@_date: 2001-11-07 22:06:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || An Introduction to Moral Theory 
I think this was the story line behind "The Day the Earth Stood Still".

@_date: 2001-11-07 22:25:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
At 2.4 GHz there is little need for a parabolic to achieve 12dB or more gain.  Small, flat, slot and yaggis may be constructed on circuit boards and placed in innocuous enclosures and even hidden in walls.
10-20 dB amps for 2.4 are readily available and relatively inexpensive.

@_date: 2001-11-07 23:10:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Enemy at the Door 
While I agree that spotting a low process gain, large, signal is straightforward with simple TSCM, locating a low power, high process gain signal (especially one which uses channel estimation techniques prior to transmission, for example "Low probability of intercept communication system," US Pat. No. 5,029,184) can thwart most TSCM tools.

@_date: 2001-11-10 08:02:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FC: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from 
[Sorry for the long delay in posting this.  It was accidentally left queued in my Out box.]
Much of this is a result of too much Federal authority, almost all of it based on "creative" interpretations of the Commerce Clause.  Has the FAA's constitutional authority ever been challenged?  Those that oppose these travel restrictions need an effective alternative to airlines.  Something along the lines of a VTOL air taxi could replace some short haul airport traffic.  Ideally these taxis would be entirely automated, accept cash and keep no record on customers.  Its too bad companies like SoloTrek  and Moller  haven't been able to "get off the ground" ;-)

@_date: 2001-11-16 14:22:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Who Authorized This?  
Who Authorized This?
Andrew Sullivan, Forbes ASAP, 12.03.01
Why does the United States elicit such extreme hatred in some parts of the What America is based on is not the achievement of some goal, the capture of some trophy, or the triumph of success. It's about the process of seeking something. It's about incompletion, dissatisfaction, striving, imperfection. In the late 18th century, this was a statement in itself. In the Europe of the preceding centuries, armies had gone to war, human beings had been burned at stakes, monarchs had been dethroned, and countries torn apart because imperfection wasn't enough. From the Inquisition to the Reformation, religious fanatics had demanded that the state enforce holiness, truth, and virtue. Those who resisted were exterminated. Moreover, the power and status of rulers derived from their own perfection. Kings and queens commanded artists to portray them as demi-gods. Dissenters were not merely troublemakers; they were direct threats to the perfect order of the modern state. This was a political order in which everything had to be perfectly arranged, even down to the internal thoughts of individual consciences.

@_date: 2001-11-16 15:07:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Life, Liberty, and Whoop-de-do!  
Life, Liberty, and Whoop-de-do!
P.J. O'Rourke, Forbes ASAP, 12.03.01
In which our man in mirth declares a new kind of independence
Much of the world is confused and infuriated by America. And I contend that happiness is the source of the confusion and fury. Other countries are established upon pride, power, nationality, blood, and religion. Not America. Pursuit of happiness is what we're all about. It's front and center in our charter, an inalienable right; the Declaration of Independence says so. No talk of happiness appears in England's Magna Carta. The French Revolution's Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen fails to address the subject. Article 24 of the United Nations' Universal Declaration of Human Rights does state, "Everyone has the right to rest and leisure, including... periodic holidays with pay." But this is not the same as the pursuit of happiness--as anyone who has wasted a vacation dragging whiny children on a tour of United Nations headquarters knows.

@_date: 2001-11-16 21:08:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
My recollection is that all Uranium metal isotopes are much harder and denser than steel.  That's why depleted uranium
238 its used for armor piercing ammunition.

@_date: 2001-11-17 09:06:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Interestingly enough, the United States government conducted a controlled experiment called the Nth Country Experiment to see how much effort was actually required to develop a viable fission weapon design starting from nothing. In this experiment, which ended on 10 April 1967, three newly graduated physics students were given the task of developing a detailed weapon design using only public domain information. The project reached a successful conclusion, that is, they did develop a viable design (detailed in the classified report UCRL-50248) after expending only three man-years of effort over two and a half calendar years. In the years since, much more information has entered the public domain so that the level of effort required has obviously dropped further.
This experiment established an upper limit on the required level of effort that is so low that the hope that lack of information may provide even a small degree of protection from proliferation is clearly a futile one.

@_date: 2001-11-17 22:08:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Recording Artists File Brief Against RIAA  
Recording Artists File Brief Against RIAA
 "The Recording Artists' Coalition, which includes such luminaries as Bruce Springsteen, Don Henley, and Sheryl Crow, is still annoyed about the "Work for Hire" legislation we heard about in August 2000. They've filed a brief in the Napster cases, urging the court not to accept the RIAA's copyright registration documents as proof of ownership, because accepting the documents would allow the music cartel to sneakily destroy artists' claims to the music they recorded. They don't take a stand on other issues we might be interested in, but it's still worth thinking about. If the artists are against the RIAA, then whom exactly does the RIAA represent? Some quotes and info are on Siliconvalley.com."

@_date: 2001-11-17 22:09:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Scalia: Thumbs Down on ID Card  
Scalia: Thumbs Down on ID Card
Antonin Scalia, one of the Supreme Court's most conservative justices, says he would vote against a national ID card if the issue went on the ballot.

@_date: 2001-11-17 22:11:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IP conference: copyright law has gone too far  
IP conference: copyright law has gone too far
The recording industry and the Business Software Alliance squared off against the Electronic Frontier Foundation and US Rep. Rick Boucher Wednesday in a debate over laws such as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act aimed at protecting large copyright holders, with the hearts and minds of a crowd of Washington, D.C., decision-makers as the prize.

@_date: 2001-11-17 22:47:21
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ATM Fiends On A Spree Of Rip-Offs 
ATM FIENDS ON A SPREE OF RIP-OFFS
By LARRY CELONA and ANDY GELLER
[My security group at Citicorp (which designed and built the crypto systems for our ATMs and switching fabric processors) predicted in the late '80s that Van Eck freaking an ATM might be a successful way to eavesdrop on PINs and card info.]
November 17, 2001 -- EXCLUSIVE
The NYPD and the Secret Service have launched a major investigation into complaints that bank customers have lost thousands of dollars through unauthorized ATM withdrawals.
Since last Saturday, the NYPD has received more than a dozen complaints of unauthorized withdrawals, mostly from people who have used ATMs on the Upper East Side.
But customers who use ATMs in the Financial District and the West Side have also been hit.
Cops are expanding their probe citywide and expect to find many more cases.
Sources said most of the complaints involve Citibank customers, but people who bank with Chase and other institutions also have been victimized.
Customers have lost up to $3,000 apiece - even though their bank cards have never left their possession.
Most of the victims are people who used ATMs in grocery stores, delis and shopping malls, the sources said.
Investigators believe that the thieves have managed to hook up personal computers to the ATM and download information about customers, the sources Then they make phony bank cards and withdraw money using the customers' personal identification numbers.

@_date: 2001-11-17 23:44:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ATM Fiends On A Spree Of Rip-Offs 
In earlier ATMs, such as Citicorp manufactured models, all the I/O components were separate and the signals between them could either be captured by a Y-cable or a cable with a small hidden xmitter or by their unintended RF radiations.  Newer ATMs, I believe, integrate the keypad with the crypto processor and attempt to reduce opportunities for PIN interception.  ATM magstripe reader data, since it is available to any stripe reader on a credit authorization terminal, may not be as well protected.  Though since you need both to pull off a card spoofing scam, it would seem prudent to secure that data as well.

@_date: 2001-11-21 10:16:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Coin (or better yet eGold) operated rental, non-USPS, parcel delivery locker business.
ATMs dispensing currency for ecash
Offshore operation from less prudish countries.
Automated publication from file names and meta-data. Removal of limitations of file size enabling publication of high quality video content.
eGold is already available.
eGold has shown a substantial and profitable, though still not mainstream market, exists for an unregulated electronic currency.  A similar system tied to dollars, pounds or marks, is greatly desired.

@_date: 2001-11-21 12:54:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
PayPal is a poor choice due to fraud and repudiation issues. From a transactor's viewpoint one should only exchange harder for softer money However, eGold would be excellent: no repudiations.
First you must identify and reach your potential customers.  Does anyone know where I could get a relatively list of hushmail addresses?
Does using eGold change the MIX characteristics or feasibility?
Possible downsides

@_date: 2001-11-21 14:59:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The United States of America vs. The Left Coast 
I can't see any constitutional basis for the FDA (or much of the FAA or FCC regulations for that matter). Perhaps not regulating California marijuana clinics impacts marijuana clinics in other states: empty Commerce Clause

@_date: 2001-11-21 23:51:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: No Thumbprint, No Rental Car  
No Thumbprint, No Rental Car
Dollar Rent A Car is currently making customers give a thumbprint before they give them the keys, another example of biometrics being used for ID

@_date: 2001-11-22 09:38:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Denning's Geo-crypto 
I believe several patents have been filed for something along this line (e.g. tamper resistant GPS-smart cards).  Mostly to enable casino to satisfy state regulators that their clients are in permitted geographic

@_date: 2001-11-23 10:24:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: John Dean: The Problems With Bush's Executive Order Burying 
"While secrecy is necessary to fight a war, it is not necessary
to run the country. I can assure you from firsthand experience that a
President acting secretly usually does not have the best interest of
Americans in mind. It is his own personal interest that is on his mind
Hiding Past And Present Presidencies:
The Problems With Bush's Executive Order Burying Presidential Records
By JOHN DEAN
Friday, Nov. 09, 2001
On November 1, President George W. Bush signed his latest effort to
govern by secrecy - Executive Order 13233. For good reason this Order
has a lot of historians, journalists, and Congresspersons (both
Republican and Democratic) upset.
The Order ends 27 years of Congressional and judicial efforts to make
Presidential papers and records publicly available. In issuing the
Order, the President has pushed his lawmaking powers beyond their
The Secret Presidency
As President watchers know, we have a President who likes secrecy. He
has hired only tested leak-proof and loyal staffers, effectively
sealing the Bush White House. He has had his records as the Governor
of Texas hidden, shipping them off to his father's Presidential
library, where they are inaccessible. He has stiffed the Congressional
requests for information about how he developed his energy policy -
refusing to respond.
No President can govern in a fishbowl. But not since Richard Nixon
went to work in the Oval Office has there been as concentrated an
effort to keep the real work of a President hidden, showing the public
only a scripted President, as now. While this effort was evident
before the September 11th terrorist attacks, the events of that day
have become the justification for even greater secrecy.
The mystical veil of "national security" has been cast over much of
the Bush administration. There were the secret arrests of
terror-related suspects (currently over 1000 publicly unknown
people). There was the expansion of the wiretap granting powers of a
secret federal court hidden within the Department of Justice. There
was, and continues to be, an apparent policy of precluding news
organizations and congressional leaders from access to anything other
than managed and generic news about the war in Afghanistan.
With all these moves, President Bush is brushing aside one historical
tradition of openness after another. It is in this context that the
President's latest action must be viewed.
The Executive Order suggests that President Bush not only does not
want Americans to know what he is doing, but he also does not want to
worry that historians and others will someday find out. Certainly that
is the implicit message in his new effort to preclude public access to
Presidential papers - his, and those of all Presidents since the
Reagan-Bush administration. There is, however, no justification
whatsoever for this latest effort to hide the work of past, present,
and future Presidents.
What Bush's Executive Action Means
There has been some confusion about the meaning of the President's
actions in addressing Presidential papers. He has not repealed the
existing law, as some have asserted, because he does not have that
power. But he has sought to significantly modify the law, and made its
procedures far more complex, cumbersome and restrictive. In doing so,
he has exceeded his executive powers under the Presidential Records
Act of 1978.
White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer has tried, unsuccessfully,
to spin Executive Order 13233 as doing nothing more than implementing
the existing law, but in fact, the Order does much more. Perhaps
unsurprisingly, when pressed during his briefing, Mr.  Fleischer
dodged the tough questions, or said "that's a matter for the lawyers."
Fleischer contention that the Order is innocuous would not hold up
under close scrutiny, and so he avoided that scrutiny.
Attorney Scott Nelson's Testimony Against the Order
One lawyer who appreciates exactly what has been done is Washington
attorney Scott L. Nelson, who represents Public Citizen, the public
advocacy group that flushed out the Nixon papers during several
decades of litigation. Mr. Nelson knows these laws well because
Richard Nixon was his client for 15 years ironically, much of that
time fighting Public Citizen. Indeed, Scott Nelson has been involved
in the litigation that has shaped the body of law that President Bush
has ignored in issuing his Executive Order.
On November 6, Nelson appeared before a subcommittee of the House
Committee on Government Reform, chaired by Congressman Stephen Horn,
to address the new Bush Order. He explained in detail its flaws -
which I have only summarized below, by highlighting a few examples of
how the Bush Order ignores, or seeks to change, the law.
The Presidential Records Act
Under the 1978 Presidential Records Act, virtually all of a former
President's records are to be made publicly available by the Archivist
twelve years after that President leaves office. There are narrow
exceptions for papers that still must be withheld for national
security reasons.
But the 1978 statute specifically states that among the material to be
released by the Archives twelve years after a President leaves office
are his confidential and private communications with his advisers
(White House staff and Cabinet Departments). The existing law does not
provide an exception for withholding "attorney-client" or "attorney
work product" materials.
The New Executive Order: Adding Presidential Privileges to Those in
the Act
Through Executive Order 13233, President Bush has sought to
re-interpret the 1978 law. To put it briefly, the Order adds and
enumerates privileges upon which a former or incumbent President can
block release of a former President's materials.
In claiming that the Order does not contradict the Records Act, Bush
relies on a clause in the Act that states that it does not "confirm,
limit, or expand constitutionally-based privileges which may be
available to an incumbent or former President."
Bush's lawyers read this clause as bringing into play all of the
privileges the law has precluded. They cite specifically the Supreme
Court's 1977 holding in Nixon v. Administrator of General Services,
which says that a former President can exert executive privilege.
The 1978 law only recognizes the enumerated privileges set forth in
the Freedom Of Information Act. Nevertheless, Bush's Executive Order
makes clear that he reads the law as entitling a former or incumbent
President to assert a laundry list of privileges: the state secrets or
national security privilege; the communications with advisors
privilege, the attorney-client and attorney work product privileges,
and the deliberative process privilege.
Shifting the Burden, and Adding Extra Procedures
President Bush has also shifted the burden from the former President
to the person seeking the material. Under the Executive Order, the
person seeking material must show that he should be given it; it is no
longer necessary for the former President to show why material must
not be disclosed.
Bush's Executive Order also takes the Archivist of the United States
out of the role of deciding if a former President's invocation of
privilege should or should not be honored. That role is now assigned
to the incumbent President. And obviously, it is likely that
Presidents - wanting successors to honor their own invocations of
privilege - might tend to accept former President's claims.
The new Executive Order also creates an elaborate procedure for an
incumbent President to block his predecessor from releasing
documents. In addition, under Bush's order, a former President can
indefinitely block release of his material, which is not possible
under existing law.
Another added benefit for former Presidents is this: When the
incumbent President agrees with the former President about his
decision to not release records, the incumbent President (through the
Department of Justice) will defend the privilege against attack. That
saves the former President what can be significant legal expenses for
attorney's fees to contest the case in court.
A New Power for Vice Presidents
While Scott Nelson did not mention it in his testimony, the most
remarkable change the Executive Order effects is that it gives not
just a President, but also a Vice President, the power to invoke
executive privilege over his papers.
The Presidential Records Act includes Vice Presidential records. But
it does not give a former Vice President the right to invoke executive
privilege - for Congress does not have the power to do so.
Indeed, under the Constitution, the executive privilege is unique to
the President. Bush's Order is nothing less than absurd in purporting
to grant the power to invoke this privilege to the Vice President,
(and may only feed suspicion that Dick Cheney's role is more
Presidential than may be appropriate to his office).
The Effect of The New Executive Order
President Bush has not stated why he revoked the existing Executive
Order (Number 12667) addressing Presidential Records. President Reagan
issued the Order in 1989 after studying the law for almost eight years
of his presidency. Many believed Reagan's Order went beyond the
law. Yet President Clinton did not challenge or change it during his
eight years in office.
Ironically, if President Clinton - not President Bush - had been the
one who issued this new Executive Order, Republicans in Congress would
no doubt have called for his impeachment for failure to execute the
laws (that is, failure to abide by the Presidential Records Act.)
Just as Clinton's assertions of privilege in court were repeatedly
questioned - and even argued by some to be abuse of process or even
obstruction of justice - Clinton's extension of Presidential
privileges through an Executive Order would have faced heavy
criticism.  But when Bush takes the same action - especially now, with
his new popularity - the criticism is highly modulated in tone.
Why Bush Apparently Issued the New Executive Order
What appears to have provoked President Bush's action is the fact that
some 68,000 documents from the Reagan presidency were waiting at the
White House when Bush arrived, ready for release by the National
These documents passed the twelve-year deadline for public release on
January 12, 2001, but their release has been stalled by the Bush White
House until now. The documents are believed to contain records that
Papa Bush, as Reagan's Vice President, is not happy to have made
public. They also contain papers of others now working for Bush, who
might be embarrassed by their release.
Look for either Papa Bush, or someone designated by former President
Reagan, to object to any of these 68,000 documents' release pursuant
to the new Executive Order. If that happens, it will confirm my guess
as to why the Order was written at this time. The effect will be to
tie the release of those records up for years.
The most certain effect of this new Order will be litigation. The
Order will be tested in court, if the President does not withdraw it
as requested by both Republicans and Democrats in the Congress. And
should the Order not be overturned by the courts, I believe Congress
will act. In fact, Congress could act even before the courts resolve
these matters.
In short, the prospects for Bush's Executive Order 13233 remaining the
law of the land is slim to none.
A Troubling Penchant For Secrecy
More troubling than the Order's throwing a monkey wrench into the
process of releasing Presidential papers, however, is the President's
penchant for secrecy. Secrecy provokes the question of what is being
hidden and why.
If President Bush continues with his Nixon-style secrecy, I suspect
voters will give him a Nixon-style vote of no confidence come
2004. While secrecy is necessary to fight a war, it is not necessary
to run the country. I can assure you from firsthand experience that a
President acting secretly usually does not have the best interest of
Americans in mind. It is his own personal interest that is on his mind
The Bush administration would do well to remember the admonition of
former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan in his report on government
secrecy: "Behind closed doors, there is no guarantee that the most
basic of individual freedoms will be preserved. And as we enter the
21st Century, the great fear we have for our democracy is the
enveloping culture of government secrecy and the corresponding
distrust of government that follows."
John Dean, a FindLaw columnist, is a former Counsel to the President
of the United States. His most recent book, The Rehnquist Choice: The
Untold Story of the Nixon Appointment That Redefined the Supreme
Court, was just published by the Free Press.

@_date: 2001-11-23 10:24:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Crypto-Financial Paradox 
Nah..  bearer shares are legal for any common Nevada corporation.

@_date: 2001-11-23 10:24:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
A good recent example is Warren Buffett calling for an FDIC-style government insurance against terrorism.  In the sweet name of self-interest he proposes that the government increase existing insurance moral hazards by forcing all citizens to underwrite those who have chosen to live or work in higher risk areas.
I'M in the insurance business -- an expensive place to be in the past couple of months. It was made costly for Berkshire Hathaway, the company I run, because I did something very dumb: allowed Berkshire to provide insurance coverage for a huge catastrophe loss without its getting a premium for doing so. The risk we unthinkingly assumed was a loss from Given the degree of my error, I was lucky: We estimate our Sept. 11 loss at Berkshire to have been ``only'' about $2.3 billion. That's more, by far, than we've ever lost from a single catastrophe, but the toll could have been far larger. Indeed, had a nuclear device been available to Osama bin Laden, the loss could have bankrupted most of the insurance industry.
A potential loss of almost infinite magnitude can be assumed only by an entity of almost-infinite resources. That entity doesn't exist in the private sector. Only the U.S. government fits the bill.
Washington has accepted this proposition to a point. Congress is now agonizingly trying to create some sort of industry-government coalition that would insure losses from terrorism.
Some proposals limit the government's liability but leave the risk for the industry open-ended. These proposals won't work: If unlimited liability is left with insurers, they will necessarily refuse to renew policies they see potentially leading them to bankruptcy.
Equally bad, all the proposals now being considered will engender pricing based upon risk exposure: If a business is located in a high-risk spot, it will be asked to pay a staggering price for insurance. Risk-based pricing is normally equitable and desirable. In this case, though, it would have anti-social consequences.
For example, the terrorism risk per dollar of insured value may be 10 or more times for iconic or critical properties in New York City what it is for properties in less-populated areas. But great cities are central to our society. We don't want them to wither under the burden of hugely disadvantageous insurance costs. Their citizens almost certainly bear above-normal physical risks in the terrorist war being waged upon us; we shouldn't impose crippling economic costs on them as well.
We should adopt the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. as a model for where we want to head in the insurance industry. The rationale for the FDIC, formed 68 years ago, was clear-cut: The United States sorely needed to eliminate bank runs and the financial panics they caused. Before the FDIC, the risk from bank failures resided with depositors, who had no way to shed it.
Neither they nor their banks could lay that risk off on private insurers for two reasons. First, the dollar amounts involved were simply too large; second, losses were correlated, in the sense that the failure of a few banks frequently caused a chain reaction, toppling good banks with bad, leaving a mountain of economic damage. Fortunately, these punishing disruptions to our economy were ended by the advent of FDIC insurance.
Now, millions of business owners, individuals, landlords and lenders bear the economic risk of terrorist attacks. Insurers won't assume the risk -- we were previously dumb, but we've learned. It isn't right, though, that these risk-laden millions should have to shoulder this burden themselves.
If we were to adopt an FDIC model for handling terrorism, the insurance industry would not be permitted to earn a dime from the coverage. Instead, a premium tax, payable to the U.S. Treasury, would be levied on all insurance. This would have the equitable effect of spreading the terrorism-related cost to the country in general, just as we spread defense Were such a proposal enacted, it should sharply limit private lawsuits seeking to place blame on some party involved -- an airline, say. We should want the Treasury to make payments to victims solely to compensate them for loss of property, life or direct earnings, without worrying about fault. The law also should cover war losses.
Some people will argue that an FDIC model for insurance would be a socialistic intrusion into the private sector, yet that institution is today generally regarded as having been enormously beneficial. Once, the problem was bank runs and economic panics; we found an innovative solution. Today, the problem is terrorism and its capricious effects on insurance costs; we need a solution of comparable efficacy.
Warren Buffett is chairman of the board of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a diversified company with insurance operations, and a director of the Washington Post Co., which has an investment in Berkshire Hathaway. This was written for the Post.

@_date: 2001-11-24 20:56:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pricing Mojo, Integrating PGP, TAZ, and D.C. Cypherpunks 
Look at the significant uptake for e-gold (current transaction rate about $1 million day) as an example of how to bootstrap a creditable value system.  As for how to get value into the system and avoid inflation the answer is to use a recognized value store as backing: U.S. currency.
IMHO, the code code isn't the hard part but all UI, back office systems and logistics of running such an operation.  Ian Grigg has toiled for many years to create open source components for value store, payment and transaction systems.  A look at his  is a good place to start.
At the July BA CP meeting an attempt was made to develop a consensus of where the opportunities for ecash lay.  The strongest and most informed opinions are in general agreement with Tim May's 8/25 posting "The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot"  The second reason for the meeting was to assess interest in creating an ecash API and a reference open source implementation.  AFAIK no progress on these second purpose has been made but if anyone is looking to get involved please count me in.

@_date: 2001-11-25 13:23:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CP archive problem? 
I've been trying to access  for two days and have getting DNS errors.  Anyone else on  with the same trouble?  Might be a good time to switch to alternate root servers.

@_date: 2001-10-01 20:45:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
Research in geosynchronous power satellites is still being funded.  One program, started in Japan but which is now also funded by NASA, uses 5.7 GHz transmission to a ground based RECifying anTENNAs.  Another project intends to use IR lasers.  My understanding is these projects are receiving serious funding and prototypes should fly soon.

@_date: 2001-10-01 21:04:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
While I agree that all non-oil energy has, until recently, been more expensive its been a self-fulfilling prophesy.  If you don't make the investments or provide the incentives to innovation then progress is slow or stopped.  Breakthroughs in efficiency and economics are finally being made but their delayed arrival can be laid directly on the doorstep of Congress and past administration inattention.
-Wind power is finally competitive with on-grid fossil fuel plants (i.e. $0.04 - $0.05/KWh).
-Improvements in fuel cell efficiency and fuel choice  should make them competitive within a decade for transportation, on-grid and off-grid applications.
-Solar, while still not yet competitive with fossil fuel on-grid is steadily improving.  (Off-grid its already competitive.)  Recent, non-public developments, should enable substantial commercial breakthroughs As Tim and others have pointed out oil only looks cheap if all the costs are not exposed at the pump.  The most cost-effective measures to energy reform are conservation but since consumers and business have been shielded from directly/visibly bearing much of the true costs for petroleum-based power production the market signals were absent and conservation was too often ignored.
A link to what could be saved with reasonable and currently available consumer and commercial choices   One of the philosophical sources for RMI is Natural Capitalism   Has anyone on the list read this work or have an opinion?

@_date: 2001-10-01 21:24:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
Beam density of the project I'm aware is estimated as 23mW/cm2 at the center of the rectenna and 1mw/cm2 at the rectenna edge.

@_date: 2001-10-02 08:34:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: STILL OFF TOPIC: Re: America needs therapy 
Apparently the engineers for these project differ with you.
  GEO is only packed for communications applications.  Physically, most of it is very sparsely populated.
Active focus and tracking, via a LED, is part of the GEO project as well.

@_date: 2001-10-02 17:56:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: and now for something completely different... 
Princeton University has for a while been host to a number of computerized studies of random number generators. The Princeton Engineering Anomalies Research Lab (PEAR) is one. Another of them is the Global Consciousness Project (GCP), whose data is available on the web at  .
The GCP has a network of 40 random number generators (called eggs) around the world, creating numbers at the rate of 200 per second each. During events of global import, the project has noticed statistically significant variations from complete randomness in the numbers generated. The most intense global event measured by this system was the recent World Trade Center attack. It was not just a reported event. For the first time in history, a globally connected population watched on TV as 6000 people were killed in real time. This produced a correspondingly intense activity in the GCP network.
The site contains detailed statistical analysis of the data (as well as the raw data itself), and is worth a look.
Here is a quote from the narrative that accompanies it:
"When we ask why the disaster in New York and Washington and Pennsylvania should appear to be responsible for a strong signal in our world-wide network of instruments designed to generate random noise, there is no obvious answer. When we look carefully and discover that the eggs might reflect our shock and dismay even before our minds and hearts express it, we confront a still deeper mystery.
This network, which we designed as a metaphoric EEG for the planet, responded as if it were measuring brain waves on a planetary scale. We do not know if there is such a thing as a global consciousness, but if there is, it was moved by the events of September 11, 2001. We do not know how, but it appears that the coherence and intensity of our common reaction created a sustained pulse of order in the random flow of numbers from our instruments. These patterns where there should be none look like reflections of our concentrated focus, as the riveting events drew us from our individual concerns and melded us into an extraordinary coherence. Maybe we became, briefly, a global consciousness."

@_date: 2001-10-03 14:49:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
The trouble with Google and most other spiders is that they cannot access the DBs behind the sites.  Various industry estimates place the amount of data not accessible to crawlers at up to 500x the html content.  What's needed are open access data mining sites using more sophisticated crawlers like

@_date: 2001-10-03 15:25:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Nifty secret bank system 
You'll notice the cost of money transfers using this private system are well below international bank wires.  If governments want to reduce/eliminate this "illicit" competition they should fully underwrite the cost of international wires below a certain threshold (say $10,000).

@_date: 2001-10-04 13:14:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ZKS Shutdown 
Did ZKS ever release their source code?  Might it be resurrected?

@_date: 2001-10-04 13:37:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ZKS Shutdown 
Seems like the Ghost of Ecash Past claims another victim.  I'm sure Bob Hettinga will soon latch on to this one as another reason why a good venture failed.  I wonder if Hush is next.
As discussed on this list recently there is a keen need for anonymizing (a'la Crowds) to be added to a popular P2P service.  Has the Crowds source been published/leaked?

@_date: 2001-10-05 16:06:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Very nice article on Antennas and 802.11 
Antennas Enhance WLAN Security
By Trevor Marshall
October 1, 2001
Antennas are most often used to increase the range of WLAN (wireless
LAN) systems, but proper antenna selection can also enhance the
security of your WLAN. A properly chosen and positioned antenna can
reduce the signal leaking out of your workspace, and make interception
extremely difficult.
In this article, I analyze the signal of different antenna designs,
and how the positioning of the user's antenna makes a difference in
signal reception.

@_date: 2001-10-05 18:22:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Rethinking the design of the Internet: The end to end arguments 
"Rethinking the design of the Internet:
The end to end arguments vs. the brave new world"
Marjory S. Blumenthal Computer Science & Telecommunications Board, NRC
mblument at nas.edu
David D. Clark M.I.T. Lab for Computer Science ddc at lcs.mit.edu
A version of this paper to appear in the ACM Transactions on Internet
A version also to appear in Communications Policy in Transition: The
Internet and Beyond,
edited by Benjamin Compaine and Shane Greenstein, MIT Press, Sept. 2001
This paper looks at the Internet and the changing set of requirements
for the Internet that are emerging as it becomes more commercial, more
oriented towards the consumer, and used for a wider set of purposes. We
discuss a set of principles that have guided the design of the Internet,
called the end to end arguments, and we conclude that there is a risk
that the range of new requirements now emerging could have the
consequence of compromising the Internet's original design principles.
Were this to happen, the Internet might lose some of its key features,
in particular its ability to support new and unanticipated applications.
We link this possible outcome to a number of trends: the rise of new
stakeholders in the Internet, in particular Internet Service Providers;
new government interests; the changing motivations of the growing user
base; and the tension between the demand for trustworthy overall
operation and the inability to trust the behavior of individual users.
The end to end arguments are a set of design principles that
characterize (among other things) how the Internet has been designed.
These principles were first articulated in the early 1980s, and they
have served as an architectural model in countless design debates for
almost 20 years.
The end to end arguments concern how application requirements should be
met in a system. When a general purpose system (for example, a network
or an operating system) is built, and specific applications are then
built using this system (for example, e-mail or the World Wide Web over
the Internet), there is a question of how these specific applications
and their required supporting services should be designed. The end to
end arguments suggest that specific application-level functions usually
cannot, and preferably should not, be built into the lower levels of the
system-the core of the network. The reason why was stated as follows in
the original paper:
"The function in question can completely and correctly be implemented
only with the knowledge and help of the application standing at the
endpoints of the communications system. Therefore, providing that
questioned function as a feature of the communications systems itself is
not possible."
In the original paper, the primary example of this end to end reasoning
about application functions is the assurance of accurate and reliable
transfer of information across the network. Even if any one lower level
subsystem, such as a network, tries hard to ensure reliability, data can
be lost or corrupted after it leaves that subsystem. The ultimate check
of correct execution has to be at the application level, at the
endpoints of the transfer. There are many examples of this observation
in practice.
Even if parts of an application-level function can potentially be
implemented in the core of the network, the end to end arguments state
that one should resist this approach if possible. There are a number of
advantages of moving application-specific functions up out of the core
of the network and providing only general-purpose system services there.
o The complexity of the core network is reduced, which reduces costs and
facilitates future upgrades to the network.
o Generality in the network increases the chances that a new application
can be added without having to change the core of the network.
o Applications do not have to depend on the successful implementation
and operation of application-specific services in the network, which may
increase their reliability.
Of course, the end to end arguments are not offered as an absolute.
There are functions that can only be implemented in the core of the
network, and issues of efficiency and performance may motivate
core-located features. Features that enhance popular applications can be
added to the core of the network in such a way that they do not prevent
other applications from functioning. But the bias toward movement of
function "up" from the core and "out" to the edge node has served very
well as a central Internet design principle.
As a consequence of the end to end arguments, the Internet has evolved
to have certain characteristics. The functions implemented "in" the
Internet-by the routers that forward packets-have remained rather simple
and general. The bulk of the functions that implement specific
applications, such as e-mail, the World Wide Web, multi-player games,
and so on, have been implemented in software on the computers attached
to the "edge" of the Net. The edge-orientation for applications and
comparative simplicity within the Internet together have facilitated the
creation of new applications, and they are part of the context for
innovation on the Internet.
Moving away from end to end
For its first 20 years, much of the Internet's design has been shaped by
the end to end arguments. To a large extent, the core of the network
provides a very general data transfer service, which is used by all the
different applications running over it. The individual applications have
been designed in different ways, but mostly in ways that are sensitive
to the advantages of the end to end design approach. However, over the
last few years, a number of new requirements have emerged for the
Internet and its applications. To certain stakeholders, these various
new requirements might best be met through the addition of new mechanism
in the core of the network. This perspective has, in turn, raised
concerns among those who wish to preserve the benefits of the original
Internet design.
[One particularly civil liberty oriented except--]
The rise of third-party involvement: An increasingly visible issue is the demand by third
parties to interpose themselves between communicating end-points, irrespective of the desires of
the ends. Third parties may include officials of organizations (e.g., corporate network or ISP
administrators implementing organizational policies or other oversight) or officials of
governments, whose interests may range from taxation to law enforcement and public safety.
When end-points want to communicate, but some third party demands to interpose itself into the
path without their agreement, the end to end arguments do not provide an obvious framework to
reason about this situation. We must abandon the end to end arguments, reject the demand of a
third party because it does not "fit" our technical design principles, or find another design
approach that preserves the power of the end to end arguments as much as Continued at:

@_date: 2001-10-07 10:26:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BEING WATCHED: A Cautionary Tale for a New Age of Surveillance  
BEING WATCHED
A Cautionary Tale for a New Age of Surveillance
By JEFFREY ROSEN
October 7, 2001
I had gone to Britain to answer a question that seems far more
pertinent today than it did early last month: why would a free and
flourishing Western democracy wire itself up with so many
closed-circuit television cameras that it resembles the set of ''The
Real World'' or ''The Truman Show''? The answer, I discovered, was
fear of terrorism. In 1993 and 1994, two terrorist bombs planted by
the I.R.A. exploded in London's financial district, a historic and
densely packed square mile known as the City of London. In response to
widespread public anxiety about terrorism, the government decided to
install a ''ring of steel'' -- a network of closed-circuit television
cameras mounted on the eight official entry gates that control access
to the City.
Anxiety about terrorism didn't go away, and the cameras in Britain
continued to multiply. In 1994, a 2-year-old boy named Jamie Bulger
was kidnapped and murdered by two 10-year-old schoolboys, and
surveillance cameras captured a grainy shot of the killers leading
their victim out of a shopping center. Bulger's assailants couldn't,
in fact, be identified on camera -- they were caught because they
talked to their friends -- but the video footage, replayed over and
over again on television, shook the country to its core. Riding a wave
of enthusiasm for closed-circuit television, or CCTV, created by the
attacks, John Major's Conservative government decided to devote more
than three-quarters of its crime-prevention budget to encourage local
authorities to install CCTV. The promise of cameras as a magic bullet
against crime and terrorism inspired one of Major's most successful
campaign slogans: ''If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing
to fear.''
The ideal of America has from the beginning been an insistence that
your opportunities shouldn't be limited by your background or your
database; that no doors should be permanently closed to anyone who has
the wrong smart card. If the 21st century proves to be a time when
this ideal is abandoned -- a time of surveillance cameras and creepy
biometric face scanning in Times Square -- then Osama bin Laden will
have inflicted an even more terrible blow than we now imagine.

@_date: 2001-10-08 16:10:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: fwd: New fashion trend 
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type image/jpeg which had a name of Please don't hurt me.jpg"; x-mac-type="4A504547"; x-mac-creator="4A565752]

@_date: 2001-10-08 17:44:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New fashion trend 
Roger that.
If anyone would like a copy of a fairly funny, small, .jpg send me some  email.

@_date: 2001-10-08 18:15:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
[From some consumer spec comparisons to a RO unit I use]
Types Of Drinking Water Appliances & Pollutants Removed
Pollutant       Sediment        Activated       Reverse Distil- De-Ion- UV
         Filter  Carbon  Osmosis ation   ization
Sodium  No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Arsenic         No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Lead    No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Cadmium         No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Cysts   No      Some    Yes     Yes     No      Yes
   (Crypotosporidium)
Sulfates        No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Calcium (Hardness)      No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Magnesium       No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
   (Hardness)
Phosphates      No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Chlorides       No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Florides        No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Alkalinity      No      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Fecal Bacteria  No      Most    Yes     Yes     No      Yes
Viruses         No      No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes
Organics        Yes     Yes     Yes     Yes     No      No
Trialomethanes  No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
Trichloroethlene        No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
Ph Factor       No      No      Neutralizes     Neutralizes     Neutralizes   No
Radioactive     No      No      Yes     No      No      No
   Contaminates
Chlorine        No      Yes     Yes     Most    No      No
Pesticides      No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No      No
Sediment        Yes     Most    Yes     Yes     Yes     No
Unpleasant      No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
   Taste/Odor

@_date: 2001-10-08 19:34:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
[Reformatted for legibility.  When posting tables, use spaces, not tabs,
keep total width <= 73 characters, and compose in a monospaced font,
unless specifying field delimiters.  KMSelf]
[From some consumer spec comparisons to a RO unit I use]
Types Of Drinking Water Appliances & Pollutants Removed
Pollutant      Sediment Activated Reverse Distil-  De-Ion-  UV
                 Filter   Carbon  Osmosis  ation   ization
  Sodium           No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Arsenic          No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Lead             No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Cadmium          No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Cysts            No       Some     Yes     Yes     No      Yes
    (Crypotosporidium)
  Sulfates         No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Calcium          No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  (Hardness)
  Magnesium        No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
    (Hardness)
  Phosphates       No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Chlorides        No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Florides         No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Alkalinity       No        No      Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Fecal Bacteria   No        Most    Yes     Yes     No      Yes
  Viruses          No        No      Yes     Yes     No      Yes
  Organics         Yes       Yes     Yes     Yes     No      No
  Trialomethanes   No        Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
  Trichloroethlene No        Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
  Ph Factor        No        No      Neutr  Neutrl  Neutr    No
  Radioactive      No        No      Yes     No      No      No
     Contaminates
  Chlorine         No        Yes     Yes     Most    No      No
  Pesticides       No        Yes     Yes     Yes     No      No
  Sediment         Yes       Most    Yes     Yes     Yes     No
  Unpleasant       No        Yes     Yes     No      Yes     No
    Taste/Odor

@_date: 2001-10-08 20:17:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: How Can Water Distribution Systems Be Kept Secure? 
I should have sent the table to myself first to check for readability.
How about

@_date: 2001-10-09 10:00:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
The Day The World Came To Its Senses?
By Bill Moore
This week, Phil Watts, the chairman of Royal Dutch Shell, gave a
remarkable speech in New York, just three weeks after the tragedy of
September 11th.
Accustomed to making and approving business decisions and technology
plans that extend decades into the future, Watts told an audience
assembled under the auspices of the United Nations Development
Program, that Shell, one of the largest oil companies in the world,
was preparing for the "End of the Hydrocarbon Age."
Read more at

@_date: 2001-10-09 18:33:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Google and the Net 
This is actually an excellent application front end for a Mojo Nation type system, as the data is redundant and distributed.

@_date: 2001-10-10 23:21:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Google and the Net 
Since the Mojo space is not included within those of the Web how would this recursion take place?

@_date: 2001-10-11 20:40:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Feingold amendment 
The Feindgold amendment to S1510 (The Senate Anti-Terrorism Bill), which would have subjected LE requests for personal (medical, educational and library) and business records to a higher level of judicial scrutiny and stricter state provisions, was just tabled (defeated) by a vote of 89 to 8.  Our only hope is in the House-Senate committee charged with working out differences between the two bills.

@_date: 2001-10-11 21:32:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Verisecurity 
[Those of us who travel from Oakland know the security there is joke.  The firm contracted to provide security, ABC, has been put on notice by the Port of Oakland committee charged with awarding the security contracts that it would be replaced by County Sheriffs within 6 months.  This occurred after local media uncovered massive conflicts of interest and incompetence in the award process.]
Thursday October 11 09:53 PM EDT
Security Breaches at Oakland Airport
By KPIX - Roz Plater
Security at Oakland International Airport is under increasing scrutiny, after reports that several security guards were found sleeping on the job.

@_date: 2001-10-11 21:35:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FC: FBI posts "skyfall" terrorism alert, says, oops, we'll 
I would be at all surprised if this alarming but useless announcement was meant to pressure Congress to keep the strictest measures in the anti-terrorism legislation before it.

@_date: 2001-10-13 18:07:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anthrax Theater opens in San Jose 
UA flight 1669 from Chicago landed safely about 3:00 pm.  Initial reports were of a white powdery substance being released into the air ducts by a man of middle eastern decent.  The plane has been surrounded by hazmat crews.  The 80+ passengers are still aboard.  The air conditioning had been turned off (its in the 90s on the tarmac right now).
I local LE spokesman just got on to say there was no powdery substance released, but rather some confetti from a greeting card.  So why are the passengers still aboard?

@_date: 2001-10-14 00:12:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A REALLY DIFFERENT terrorist threat view. 
Quite likely hogwash, but you may admit that science can be as political as any profession and that some of the most important breakthroughs in science were scorned by the establishment of their time (e.g., plate tectonics).
I have an interesting book I've mentioned before on the list, "Causality, Electromagnetic Induction and Gravitation," by Oleg Jefimenko  A physicist who has spent some time in  this told field me that Jefimenko's book is brilliant but it has been mostly ignored by many in the scientific  From the publisher info:
"This book is a strikingly new exploration of the fundamentals of Maxwell's electromagnetic theory and of Newton's theory of gravitation. Starting with an analysis of causality in the phenomenon of electromagnetic induction, the author discovers a series of heretofore unknown or overlooked electromagnetic interdependencies and equations. One of the most notable new results is the discovery that Maxwell's equations do not depict cause and effect relations between electromagnetic phenomena: causal dependencies in electromagnetic phenomena are found to be described by solutions of Maxwell's equations in the form of retarded electric and magnetic field integrals. A consequence of this discovery is that, contrary to the generally accepted view, time-variable electric and magnetic fields cannot cause each other and that both fields are simultaneously created by their true causative sources -- time-dependent electric charges and currents. Another similarly important discovery is that Lenz's law of electromagnetic induction is a manifestation of the previously ignored electric force produced by the time-dependent electric currents. These discoveries lead to important new methods of calculations of various electromagnetic effects in time- depended electromagnetic systems. The new methods are demonstrated by a variety of illustrative examples. Continuing his analysis of causal electromagnetic relations, the author finds that these relations are closely associated with the law of momentum conservation, and that with the help of the law of momentum conservation one can analyze causal..."

@_date: 2001-10-14 22:31:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Got Cipro? 
I've created a small .jpg logo using the biohazard icon.
Contact me for copies.

@_date: 2001-10-14 22:33:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Get results 
I've created a non-PC Qaeda  "ad"  suitable for Forbes or Fortune (large .jpg)
The first 10 callers get one ;-)

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:37:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: STOPPING SIGNALS FROM SATELLITE TV PROVES DIFFICULT 
STOPPING SIGNALS FROM SATELLITE TV PROVES DIFFICULT
Issue: Television/Journalism
Last week, at the urging of the White House, the major television and cable
networks agreed not to run raw footage of Al Qaeda statements as they are
broadcast by the Al Jazeera network from Qatar, which appears to be Mr. bin
Laden's preferred conduit for communicating with the world. But because of
the privatization and deregulation of the international satellite business
in recent years, control of the nation's television signals is by no means
limited to the coterie of United States companies that the White House
turned to last week. In fact, the great majority of homes in the United
States have the option of receiving Al Jazeera directly using a satellite
dish antenna not much bigger than a pizza pan. For about four years, the
EchoStar Dish Network operation has been carrying Al Jazeera, in Arabic, as
a part of a premium tier of international channels. If any terrorists are in
the country waiting for televised word from Mr. bin Laden - with or without
hidden messages - last week's steps by the White House did next to nothing
to thwart them.
[SOURCE: New York Times, AUTHOR: Seth Schiesel]

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:43:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: MOVES TO BLOCK INFORMATION FROM PUBLIC GO TOO FAR  
MOVES TO BLOCK INFORMATION FROM PUBLIC GO TOO FAR
Issue: Information Freedom
[Editorial] Since Sept. 11, the government has been eager to limit the
public's access to certain kinds of information. The USAToday's editorial
staff argues that "Americans are being asked to give up their rights to
information, with no evidence that it presents any real risk." They cite
examples of recent government efforts to control what the public sees, such
as President Bush's attempt to cut back the number of lawmakers who would
receive intelligence briefings, to eight of 535 members, and the
disappearance of information from some government Web sites. USAToday
suggests that these moves violate the very spirit of freedom that America is
fighting for. "They risk obliterating the checks on government decisions
that come when lawmakers and the general public know what the administration
is doing...If Americans are to continue supporting the war, it will be
crucial for them to know their enemy and know of their government's
successes and failures."
[SOURCE: USAToday, AUTHOR: ]
See Also:
CENSORSHIP MAKES SENSE
[SOURCE: USAToday, AUTHOR:]

@_date: 2001-10-16 19:36:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The "traitor" fires back 
{ Another example how dissent is being labeled as "unpatriotic". Its very scary as it seems that most people, particularly in government and the media have forgotten that freedom of speech, different views and opinions are supposed to be the foundation of democracy }
The "traitor" fires back Denounced as a fifth columnist by the right,
Susan Sontag blasts America's cowlike media and scaremongering leaders

@_date: 2001-10-17 10:35:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anonymity in America: Does National Security Preclude It? 
"Anonymity in America: Does National Security Preclude It?"

@_date: 2001-10-18 11:29:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Who represents the detained? Nobody.. 
Unfortunately for all of us the ones that slip through now have the force of law and the wall of silence behind them.

@_date: 2001-10-18 14:50:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Your papers please 
Everyone knows it is a bad idea to try and board a plane carrying a box cutter, a flight manual written in Arabic, or a sack full of mysterious white powder. But with ultra-tightened airport security, a book could also prevent you from boarding that plane.
No kidding. It happened just last week in Philadelphia.

@_date: 2001-10-18 15:36:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Airlines - the newest members of the international 
They don't, they're just enforcing their property rights ;-)

@_date: 2001-10-19 17:35:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
If you read the CP archives a bit you'll see I am not clueless in this regard (e.g., the "America need therapy" thread)  I fear the maxim "Pride goeth before the fall" may well be nailed to our country's headstone.
The direction of all recent administrations has been to expand globalization (i.e., interdependency) thus increasing economic risks and narrowing diplomatic choices.  In the short term, and we have no idea what the long term consequences will be, globalization as its now practiced has is some ways behaved similarly to welfare state income redistribution, creating dependencies, poverty and resentment.
Da nada

@_date: 2001-10-19 17:40:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: U.S. Government Shouldn't Insure Airlines  
U.S. Government Shouldn't Insure Airlines
Penelope Patsuris, Forbes.com, 10.19.01, 9:00 AM ET
NEW YORK - When government interferes with private markets, unintended and undesirable consequences always result.

@_date: 2001-10-20 13:17:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Unfortunately, many citizens in the developing world are not party to these "voluntary" exchanges, but are directly affected.  I've read the reports of the many low wage sweat shop jobs, mainly performed by young women, in these countries and that their alternative is worse.  In a way one could portray their situations as dismal but not dire, sort of along the on-screen comments of Arthur to the prostitute is dinning with "... so you might say you're having a relatively good time?"
In the short term economic inequalities and human rights abuses may be exacerbated (e.g., the fate of rural mainland Chinese).  The long-term effects of globalization are as yet unknown.
Agreed, but wealth is only one measure of human happiness and the jury is still out on whether the vast majority of those indirectly affected by globalization will find it has been in their best interests.

@_date: 2001-10-20 18:30:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
It creates new opportunities for portable EMP "writers"

@_date: 2001-10-21 20:27:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Actually its not the wages, which may quite attractive for these workers and their skills, but the intimidation and occasional violence used to recruit and maintain employees, keep them from organizing and the government support or blind eyes which take me aback.  It reminded me of the tyranny of the coal mining companies in West Virginia circa 1880's.
I've actually spoken to a few Central American women who worked in these factories and the conversations left an indelible memory.  I'm not ready to abandon my support of laissez-faire capitalism or globalism.  Perhaps these painful personal experiences are all for the best in the long term, I certainly don't have a better solution to improving their lot, but it has caused me to think about the price some pay.

@_date: 2001-10-21 20:29:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Beefing up security at America's dams and reservoirs 
Should have used the title
Plugging security holes at America's dams and reservoirs ;-)

@_date: 2001-10-22 13:17:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
One of the great long term hopes for nanotechnology is the "cornucopia" or StarTrek replicator, a device which can "manufacture" from raw materials and information a broad variety of consumables and hard goods.  If it ever does come about and is not something centrally controlled and monitored a 'la Stephenson's Diamond Age, it could usher in an age of individual sovereignty the likes of which the world as not known since its transition from hunter gatherer to agriculture.  It might also spell the end of economy.

@_date: 2001-10-24 08:47:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_MATT_DRUDGE_//_DRUDGE_REPORT_2001=AE?= 
Hillary "smarm with out the charm" Clinton is finally being treated to the welcome she deserves.  If Ruddi hadn't dropped out or the Repos hadn't run such a weak candidate the voters would surely had sent her packing.  Next election should be interesting.
We recorded that VH-1 show and not unexpectedly she was not to be seen (the booing lasted her entire time on the stage).  Ah, ha!

@_date: 2001-10-25 11:15:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Cost of Oil 
[Forbes catches up to cypherpunks]
Americans are paying a bigger price than they know for cheap gas.
Charles Dubow

@_date: 2001-10-29 19:46:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fwd: Returned mail: Too many hops 26 (25 max): from 
[This afternoon I received a spam with an odd address in the To: field.  It had the same prefix (lvcm) as my ISP but had the .net suffix (instead of .com)  I decided on a little experiment, sending a test message and received the following results.  Does this look at all odd?  steve]

@_date: 2001-09-02 11:14:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: SIG: CNN.com - Ultrafast wireless technology set to lift 
I've got friends at some of these companies and I feel for them.  Given my experience heading the Part15 Coalition in the mid-90s and the powerful incumbent forces allied against them, I find it highly unlikely the UWB will see more than military and LE use any time soon.

@_date: 2001-09-03 17:35:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Moral Crypto 
I know this suggestion has been made before, probably by myself, but it seems the remailer programmers may be missing a good opportunity in not pursuing the inclusion of remailer code in the popular Gnutella cleints (e.g., LimeWire).  They advertise they are looking for new "content communities."   I don't see any reason why email can't be added as a new form of content.

@_date: 2001-09-03 19:39:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Gnutella remailers (was Re: Moral Crypto)  
Maybe you're suggestion was too far afield from their ambitions for LimeWire.  Maybe they thought you were a jerk.  Maybe...  In any case Lime is getting great reviews from friends regarding easy of learning, use and It seems that if a few of the technically competent want to raise this issue with them perhaps we should discuss this a bit to see if we can reach something of a consensus and then have on of the coders make contact with Steve Cho at scho at limepeer.com

@_date: 2001-09-03 22:42:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Gnutella remailers 
I believe Ian Goldberg came up with a rather elegant solution: allow the the clients to only function as entry and middlemen remailers and use throwaway accounts at hotmail or similar fall guys as the exit points.
Hashcash or a similar computation-based postage (e.g., the camram project, if it ever gets itself together) is probably a better solution to SPAM (untraceable or not).

@_date: 2001-09-04 11:32:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
I recall reading last week that an Oregon Supreme Court decision makes mandatory that state LE operate only in the clear (no pseudo-anon identities).  Prosecutors are wringing their hands.

@_date: 2001-09-11 10:00:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: cryptorepression 
Been taking night courses at the John Young school for exposition?

@_date: 2001-09-12 11:28:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Economic effects 
Just thinking about what the US Postal Service, Fed Ex, and UPS are doing to keep themselves going.

@_date: 2001-09-12 19:24:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New FAA measures likely to fail as well 
[My wife worked for one of the major airlines for several years.  The following is from conversations we had regarding airport security.]
The knife ban won't work against anyone with even a smidgen of metal detector knowledge.  Anyone can purchase a razor sharp ceramic knife like this one  Without millimeter wave body scanners enforcing this one will be difficult.  Even advanced scanners may not detect objects secreted between butt cheeks or on the inside of thighs (especially if legs are fat or held together closely.)
Airline personnel will allow law enforcement agents, with proper forms, which are easily obtained, to board a flight with their firearms.  Available fake badges, laminators and photo quality printers on home PCs allow anyone with the interest, law LE demeanor and general appearance to pose as a Fed.  My wife raised concerns to her management that the gate people responsible for determining if a passenger claiming to be a LE agent was in fact an agent had no training to determine the authenticity of their credential. (Her supervisors listened, smiled and did nothing.) An FBI agent explained to her what she should look for in examining a bona fide FBI ID, but there are too many agencies accorded this privilege to make any simple training possible.  A centralized data base, with authentication capability by gate agents, of LE personnel allowed to carry firearms aboard U.S. domestic routes is needed.
Crew IDs
Both uniforms and IDs have been forged in the past and in at least one case used for a hijacking.  Authentication can and should be improved.
The people entrusted with  maintaining a safe air travel environment are minimum or low wage people with little training.  Israel airline and security personnel are much better paid and well trained (days or weeks vs. hours in the U.S.)  Isn't our safety worth more than minimum wage?

@_date: 2001-09-12 22:28:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: J. Neil Schulman On I can't take it anymore .... 
But they are.  On U.S. domestic flights they have merely to present themselves and acceptable credentials (which BTW the airline personnel are poorly trained to authenticate) and state in a form that they are traveling for LE purposes.  There are other formalities that are followed, but overall they are not restricted from carrying.

@_date: 2001-09-13 11:51:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: J. Neil Schulman On I can't take it anymore .... 
I can't speak to the why since those thoughts are rarely communicated outside the FAA.  Perhaps its the Fed LEs themselves who reluctant to go through the paperwork unless they are traveling on business.

@_date: 2001-09-13 23:56:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Cnet blaming Declan 
Tried to call in but apparently David didn't want to hear anymore from our

@_date: 2001-09-15 16:03:25
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Readers Digest poll - vote now 
Unsurprisingly, here are the current results after about 4500 votes:
No carry-on luggage, except for small purses, briefcases or diaper bags
Yes 73%  No 26%
Passport inspection, even on domestic flights
Yes 75%  No 24%
Searches of all passengers using metal-detection wands
Yes 94%  No 5%
Searches of all passengers using metal-detection wands
Yes 95%  No 4%
Hand searches of all carry-on bags
Yes 86%  No 13%

@_date: 2001-09-16 18:22:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Frank Sudia's proposal: Let's revive encryption key escrow  
In "Encryption and the Restoration of National Sovereignty," you said:
"No one disputes that unbreakable encryption impairs government ability to intercept suspect communications and issue warrants for stored data. The citizens have gained "unreviewable discretion" to communicate without oversight. They did not have this power before. Now they do."
"This was a direct loss of sovereignty by the Government, with a corresponding "gain" by the citizens. Conversely, the restoration of investigative capabilities cannot be considered "taking freedom and liberty from the People," since they never historically possessed this freedom."
The Fourth Amendment was adopted in direct response to the English Parliament's practice of giving colonial revenue officers complete discretion to search for smuggled goods by means of writs of assistance. The writs permitted colonial authorities, including British troops, to enter homes and offices at will and search any person or place they wanted. The early Americans rebelled against these general searches, and on the eve of the Declaration of Independence, Samuel Adams said he regarded the opposition to general searches as "the Commencement of the Controversy between Great Britain and America." It is fair to say that absolute protection from general government searches is one of this country's founding principles.
When the framers struck the original balance between personal privacy and the needs of law enforcement, remote listening devices had not yet been invented. But it is clear that had they existed, the framers would not have approved of them. By definition, electronic surveillance constitutes a general search, not a search limited to specific objects, people and places as required by the Fourth Amendment. Wiretapping, bugs, and keys to encrypted messages intrude on the most intimate aspects of human life. They hear/see everything and everyone, indiscriminately. Like vacuum cleaners, they sweep up all the details of innocent and often intimate private conversations. A tap on the phone of one person necessarily captures the conversations of anyone who happens to use that phone or call that number. Unlocking one person's encryption code subjects all who electronically communicate with that person to government surveillance. Even obtaining a court warrant does not fix this problem. Electronic eavesdropping cannot be regulated by a warrant precisely because of its dragnet quality; the object to be seized or the premises to be searched cannot be limited or even specified, because it is in the very nature of the technology to catch In 1927, during the height of federal enforcement of National Alcohol Prohibition, the Court attempted to come to grips with electronic eavesdropping for the first time. Roy Olmstead, a bootlegger convicted entirely on the basis of evidence from wiretaps, argued before the Court that a search had been conducted without a warrant and without probable cause in violation of his Fourth Amendment rights. In a 5-4 opinion, the Court ruled that a physical entry (a "trespass") must be committed before the Fourth Amendment's protection could be invoked. Since the wiretaps were physically placed outside Olmstead's home, the Court reasoned, there was no government intrusion and therefore no Fourth Amendment protection. The Olmstead decision defined the law for forty years, and during that period, the government was able to engage in virtually unrestricted electronic spying.
The Olmstead case, by a narrow 5-4 margin, destroyed the original balance of the Fourth Amendment, but it was also the occasion for Justice Louis D. Brandeis' prescient dissent in which he warned that, "The progress of science in furnishing the government with means of espionage is not likely to stop with wire-tapping." Brandeis wrote that because wiretaps indiscriminately pick up every conversation within their reach, they constitute the kind of general search prohibited outright by the Fourth Amendment, and that even a warrant requirement would not give sufficient protection. Unfortunately for our privacy rights, Brandeis' dissent has never been adopted by the Court, although it did overrule its Olmstead decision in 1967 when it belatedly recognized that the Fourth Amendment applied to wiretapping and electronic spying (Katz v. U.S.). Nonetheless, Justice Brandeis' account of the framer's intentions is right on the mark:
   "The makers of our Constitution...sought to protect Americans in their
   beliefs, their thoughts, their emotions and their sensations. They
   conferred as against the Government, the right to be let alone -- the
   most comprehensive of the rights of man and the right most valued by
   civilized men."
Cryptography can help shift the balance of the Fourth Amendment back to what the framers originally intended. And that is what the FBI is against.
The government's own records show that electronic surveillance is of marginal utility in preventing or solving serious crimes. It did not, for example, stop or lead to the apprehension of the Unabomber, Timothy McVeigh, or the first World Trade Center bombers. Those crimes were solved by good detective work. Serious crimes of violence, including terrorist crimes, are almost never the targets of electronic surveillance. Electronic surveillance does, however, lead to violations of the privacy rights of vast numbers of innocent Americans. According to the government's own statistics, 2.2 million conversations were intercepted in 1996, of which 1.7 million were deemed innocent by prosecutors.
Electronic surveillance is absolutely inconsistent with a free society. Free citizens must have the ability to conduct instantaneous, direct, spontaneous and private communication using whatever technology is available. Without the assurance that private communications are, indeed, private, habits based upon fear and insecurity will gradually replace habits of freedom.

@_date: 2001-09-16 18:38:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: US Weapons of war... 
As Spain was for new German weapons prior to WW II, looks like the Afgans will be the unwilling beta testers for these new U.S. techno devices.
If recent history is any guide they will mostly fail to live up to the public DoD expectations, the truth will be hidden from Congress and the media until they have managed to move the short-term memory of the public discourse onto the next great, expensive, program they are pitching.  I suggest that the program mangers for these weapon systems should be required to be combatants using their creations in real fire fights.  Darwin will quickly sort out the workable solutions and competent program managers.

@_date: 2001-09-16 18:51:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Root Cause 
THE ROOT CAUSE
Cassius said, "The fault, dear Brutus, is not in the stars but in
ourselves that we are underlings." John E. Schwarz, a political scientist
at the University of Arizona, is far less certain of that:
"The notion that people have a capacity to control their own destinies is an enormously strong, almost insistent feature of our American culture. The stories of penniless immigrants who came to these shores and became successful are as legion as they are inspiring, fostering a belief that anyone can start anew in this country and succeed. Principal Joe Clark tells his students at Eastside High School in Paterson, New Jersey: 'Don't you know, no one can hold you down unless you consent to it.'
"Nonetheless, many people believe that over the past three decades a dangerous anti-ethos has arisen: the idea that the individual American is not responsible for his or her own fate. From the point of view of these observers, too many individuals have come to see themselves as victims rather than as agents, to feel sorry for themselves instead of working to pick themselves up--a mentality that government assistance programs helped to spawn and now continue to reinforce. With the expansion of government has come a feeling of entitlement and an emphasis on rights over responsibilities. The creed of personal accountability so important to the American ethos has withered, and with that has come a rise in welfare, illegitimacy, crime, and other social pathologies--the price the society has paid for the abandonment of character.
"Or has something gone wrong with the ethos itself? The premise that individuals can control and so be personally responsible for their own lives presumes that the opportunity to do so exists. Generations of
Americans have called this "the land of opportunity." But is it, still? Does opportunity remain available and adequate to the needs of the American people, sufficient to enable them to take control of their own lives? Does this ethos, which is expected to connect us and provide the moral underpinnings of a just and healthy society, reflect the reality that American families actually experience in their everyday lives? Are the problems troubling society today due to the disintegration of values and character, or to a genuine lack of opportunity that prevents individuals and families from being able to determine their own futures?"
 From John E. Schwarz's "Illusions of Opportunity: The American Dream in

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:34:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CNN: Congressman pushes for more encryption  
WASHINGTON--A U.S. lawmaker well versed in technology issues said Friday that government bodies and citizens should use more encryption, not less, to increase security on the Internet.

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:50:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Sun Setting On Uncle Sam's IT Empire 
[Note: this is a posting from Dave Farber's IP list. Dave has some interesting points to make about the decline and fall of IT in the US.]

@_date: 2001-09-25 10:19:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: another National ID card fuckwit 
Mr. Brito may be right that such a restricted national ID card might be legal but so what?  The skill these terrorists used in creating their identities shows that they would not likely have been caught even under his suggested system. Another case of reducing liberty with only the appearance of improvement in safety.  A bad bargain even if it worked.
Also, the breadth of the application of the Interstate Commerce Clause since its growth spurt in the '30s is staggering and very troublesome. I can't find much historical justification for it in the writings of the framers (can anyone on the list?). Its reached the point where almost any economic (and many non-economic) activities come under the ICC.  Its become the source of most of Congresss' power and they know it.  Only recently has the SC begun to issuing a more narrow interpretation (bully for them), but its still too broad and I find any expansion under it to be resisted wherever possible.
The creation of yet another, even more intrusive, federal data base which (if recent events serve as an example) can be abused by those in authority is to be avoided at all cost.
If the U.S. Consulates and INS had not fumbled the ball on admitting and tracking those legally admitted it might have raised the bar considerably on domestic terrorism from these sources.  But now a heard of zombies are roaming free among us and we may never know the true extent to which we were exposed by those inept guardians of our safety.

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:03:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Trial of Henry Kissinger 
This is an excerpt from "The Trial of Henry Kissinger" by Christopher
Hitchens , Chap. 2, "Indochina", pages 25-26. [Pub: Verso/2001
, ISBN 1-85984-631-9]
"On 12 May 1975, Cambodian gunboats detained an American merchant
vessel named the Mayaguez. In the immediate aftermath of the Khmer
Rouge seizure of power, the situation was a distraught one. The ship
had been stopped in international waters claimed by Cambodia and then
taken to the Cambodian island of Koh Tang. In spite of reports that
the crew had been released, Kissinger pressed for an immediate
face-saving and "credibility"-enhancing strike. He persuaded
President Gerald Ford, the untried and undistinguished successor to
his deposed former boss, to send in the Marines and the Air Force.
Out of a Marine force of 110, 18 were killed and 50 wounded. Some 23
Air Force men died in a crash. The United States used a 15,000-pound
bomb on the island, the most powerful non-nuclear device that it
possessed. Nobody has the figures for Cambodian deaths. The
casualties were pointless because the ship's company of the Mayaguez
were nowhere on Koh Tang, having been released some hours earlier. A
subsequent congressional inquiry found that Kissinger could have
known of this by listening to Cambodian Broadcasting* or by paying
attention to a third-party government which had been negotiating a
deal for the restitution of the crew and the ship. It was not as if
any Cambodians doubted, by that month of 1975, the willingness of the
US government to employ deadly force.
In Washington, DC, there is a famous and hallowed memorial to the
American dead of the Vietnam War. Known as the Vietnam Veterans'
Memorial, it bears a name that is slightly misleading. I was present
for the extremely affecting moment of its dedication in 1982, and
noticed that the list of nearly 60,000 names is incised in the wall
not by alphabet but by date. The first few names appear in 1954, and
the last few in 1975. The more historically minded visitors can
sometimes be heard to say that they didn't know the United States was
engaged in Vietnam as early or as late as that. Nor were the public
supposed to know. The first names are of the covert operatives sent
in by Colonel Lansdale without congressional approval to support the
French colonialism before Dien Bien Phu. The last names are of those
thrown away in the Mayaguez fiasco. It took Henry Kissinger to ensure
that a war of atrocity, which he had helped prolong, should end as
furtively and ignominiously as it had begun."
[* translations of CB intercepts were available to Kissinger in
regular ELINT summary reports from the NSA. --ddt]

@_date: 2001-09-26 16:53:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Canada's justice minister preparing bill to limit 
Perhaps I incompletely understand ZKS' technology.  I thought they have structured their system to deny them data (ZK) which could be escrowed.

@_date: 2001-09-26 17:12:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Free wireless networking movement gathers speed  
[As has been mentioned before, neighborhood networks could offer one element of an anonymous ISP for secure email, web access and VoIP telephony.  Have any list members established access points?]
Free wireless networking movement gathers speed
By Ephraim Schwartz and Mark Jones
September 26, 2001 12:03 pm PT
A GRASSROOTS EFFORT to deploy free wireless networking access zones threatens to undermine the multibillion-dollar campaigns of wireless network vendors preparing to offer state-of-the-art 3G (third-generation) wireless services in major metropolitan areas.

@_date: 2001-09-27 18:03:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Atom Experiment Brings Teleportation a Step Closer 
Atom Experiment Brings Teleportation a Step Closer
Physicists in Denmark have made two samples of trillions of atoms interact at a distance in an experiment which may bring Star Trek-style teleportation and rapid quantum computing closer to reality.

@_date: 2001-09-29 09:59:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Public safety agencies urge quick rollout of wireless location 
[Two approaches have been approved by the FCC: cell station based and subscriber unit based.  The subscriber solution (e.g., GPS or triangulation from synchronized broadcast TV color-burst) is much preferred as it places control of the handset and therefore, possibly, the end user.  If the end user does get control it would enable interesting applications (e.g., location escrow authenticated by an imbedded tamper-proof smart chip which could be encrypted to a user key within the phone).]
Public safety agencies urge quick rollout of wireless location services
By BOB BREWIN
(September 27, 2001)
With a Monday deadline looming, three national public safety organizations want the Federal Communications Commission to stop granting waivers and extensions to cellular communications companies that would allow them to miss the long-mandated start date for E911 wireless location services.
The agencies said the FCC should hit carriers that miss the deadline with "serious penalties" for noncompliance.
The Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. -- and the heavy use of cellular networks by the public and rescue workers, including jury-rigged automatic location systems in New York -- make it difficult for the FCC to grant new waivers for a system that it first envisioned in 1996, said Jim Goerke, wireless implementation director at the National Emergency Number Association in Columbus, Ohio.
The Sept. 11 attacks have helped focus attention on the importance of wireless emergency contact information, Goerke said, adding, "[The cellular carriers] have had a lot of time to get this together."
While the FCC hasn't indicated how it will act, analysts expect it to take a strong stand. The chances of continued leniency by the commission "are about equal to everyone being a winner in Las Vegas," said Alan Reiter, an analyst at Wireless Internet & Mobile Computing in Chevy Chase, Md.
The technology isn't perfect, but it does exist, said Reiter. The cellular industry has been engaged in "legal stalling," a tactic that won't work in the postattack world, he said.
Full story at

@_date: 2001-09-30 15:45:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
This is IMHO naive.  Have you ever been in a brawl?  Unlike most silver screen fights my experience is that the first person to get in a good one usually decks the opponent and its over.  If the first one to throw the punch can sneak up on the opponent or create over confidence in the other party by getting them to think that no violent reply will be forthcoming if attacked (in New York we called that "sucker punching") then the odds of success are that much more increased.  "The Art of War" is still a good source of combat advice.

@_date: 2001-09-30 15:48:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
Its angering how much lip service though little progress has been made since 1973 on freeing America from her chemical dependence on petroleum in general and mid-east oil specifically.  If the U.S. had no direct economic interests in the mid-east would it be propping up the governments of Israel, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, or contending with Iran and Iraq, etc? More likely our response to problems in the area would be similar to our involvement in West Africa.  This dependance has made us little more than oil junkies and you know that junkies will do whatever it takes to get their next fix.  If America wants to break this cycle of state violence and co-dependency it needs to get energy therapy in a hurry.

@_date: 2002-08-01 12:29:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Mandatory hardware 
I think a key difference here is that many, perhaps millions, of consumers are comfortable with assembling their own PCs from components and tweaking SW.  How many consumers assemble their own TV sets?  Volume black markets in underground motherboards and cracking SW may create a viable resistance.  Also, the market for new wizbang PCs may be quickly drying up cutting off
Intel Bets Farm on Moore's Law
By Tom Murphy -- Electronic News, 7/26/2002
Intel Corp. will supply 3GHz Pentium 4 processors in time for the holiday season, accelerating the company's previously announced timetable by nearly a quarter.
Despite trends that show consumers increasingly hunting for value-priced systems with lower-performance processors, Intel is more determined than ever to stay on the Moore's Law growth curve of doubling process speeds every 18 to 24 months.
\Even Gordon Moore, creator of the industry-defining Moore's Law, believes the trend line for adopting faster semiconductors is showing signs of flattening. In spite of that, Intel keeps tweaking the efficiencies of its manufacturing processes, churning out higher-speed machines and introducing eye-opening technology improvements such as HyperThreading and 300mm wafer But Intel's agenda may run deeper than rapid adoption of the new chips. A 3GHz machine would give Intel a substantial lead on rival Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD). And with each new speed grade Intel introduces, it is able to increase the pressure on AMD by dropping the price on lower-performing parts.

@_date: 2002-08-09 23:40:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
I worked there and respectfully disagree.  MN never gained a foothold first and foremost because of the frequent join/leave problem.
This, in turn, was a direct result of insufficient resources to address automated publication of .mp3 header data.  The inability of the client SW to automatically create the header data and publish directories full of .mp3 files at each client meant users had to expend more much effort to make available their content than file-oriented P2P alternatives.  This hurdle, when combined with data retention problems related to other MN deficiencies, assured that little content was available for DL.  New users simply abandoned the effort when they came up empty handed.
The introducer problem could probably have been solved using Usenet postings.  The nature of Usenet meant it could scale and was fairly resistant legal and technical attacks.  Usenet might also have served for a fallback block store but neither approach was ever carefully considered, again due to resource limitations.
My experience is that the malicious client problem was not a major issue.
[much deleted]
At Lucky's Defcon talk he stated that he was a participant in the development of TCPA.  Can't clearly recall in what capacity he served but me recollection is it was as a reviewer.

@_date: 2002-08-10 09:06:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: responding to claims about TCPA 
Indeed.  Another item I recall from Lucky's Defcon talk is that (I assume) Intel are back at it when it comes to obfuscated crypto.  Like the Pentium RNG before it, the TPCA HW will only expose a whitened version making independent analysis difficult-impossible.
   steve

@_date: 2002-08-12 10:20:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BIND-PE 
BIND-PE is a "personal use" automatically installed DNS (Domain Name System) caching only name server. Similar to (but more efficient) than using your default ISP DNS servers.
BIND-PE is a complete DNS Server based on the "ISC BIND 9.2.1" engine. BIND-PE once installed will act as a fully recursive and caching multi-threaded DNS Server (default), with persistent cache capabilities (cache will be maintained between reboots), this will speed up your Internet resolving queries and make name resolutions much more reliable. BIND-PE Version 1.0 distro is aimed at home/SOHO users on WinNT4 SP6, Win2000 and WinXP workstations.
BIND-PE simplifies the task of installing and correctly configuring the DNS service using a completely custom BIND compile for WinNT Operating Systems with an automated "One-Click" setup process for Dial-up, Cable modem, and DSL networks for workstations. Post-install manual changes to configurations are compatible with the standard ISC BIND 9 configuration syntax and examples. For your convenience, a Control Panel similar to BIND 8 versions is active and included with on screen data details (instead of write to file).
All standard as well as new TLD's (.aero etc.) are included and accessible for DNS name resolutions and browsing. Alternate TLD's like  and  (almost 200 additional TLD's) websites which were not normally available in Legacy setups will now be viewable in browsers.

@_date: 2002-08-20 12:12:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bankrupt Digicash Made $481K in 1999 
Perhaps its my ignorance, but doesn't this form merely mean DC paid the Chaum Family Trust $481K, not  that the company made $481K?

@_date: 2002-08-20 15:37:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: For Telecom Workers, Burst Of Bubble Takes Heavy Toll (was: 
[Because of its relevance and since most list members are probably not WSJ subscribers, I've taken the liberty of posting the entire article. sds]

@_date: 2002-08-27 18:39:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: When Feds are the Crackers 
When Feds are the Crackers
U.S. courts should join Russia in saying "nyet" to the FBI's lawless international hack attacks.
By Mark Rasch Aug 26, 2002
In medieval times, attackers would use a bell-shaped metal grenade or "petard" to break enemy defenses. These unreliable devices frequently went off unexpectedly, destroying not only the enemy, but the attacker. As Shakespeare noted, "'tis the sport to have the enginer Hoist with his owne That's what I thought of when the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) recently announced their plans to charge an FBI agent with hacking -- a crime that the agent committed while investigating Russian hackers.

@_date: 2002-08-28 19:38:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fwd: EFFector 15.26: EFF Share-In 2002, EFF Panels at DragonCon 
Bummer, its the same day as the 10th Anniversary Bay Area CP meeting.

@_date: 2002-08-29 16:46:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Liberty Dollar 
True but only fractionally (i.e., the precious metal content is only a fraction of the face value).

@_date: 2002-08-30 08:13:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Liberty Dollar 
No difference except I think I know the risks involved with the current crime syndicate ;-)

@_date: 2002-01-02 11:37:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Commercial Van Eck? 
Use common sense for best security
An established company moves into a downtown high-rise and a few months later discovers that many of its secrets are going public. How is that possible? Its networks are locked down. Its employees use passwords, and are given security clearances. So what's the problem? How about that old warehouse next door? A competitor has rented it and mounted large antennas behind closed window blinds to listen for electronic emissions from its neighbor's electronic equipment.

@_date: 2002-01-02 22:51:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Applied Digital pushes microchip to plant in foreigners 
They did but suspended the practice, at least for a few quarters, when all the .com failures threatened to significantly shrink their listing base.

@_date: 2002-01-05 23:34:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
When there is no justice a State is merely big scale exploitation, just like a gang of thieves is a miniature kingdom.

@_date: 2002-01-07 10:12:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Japanese banking system 'about to collapse' 
[Now this could be very interesting...]
Japanese banking system 'about to collapse'
TOKYO: Japan's financial system is headed toward collapse and will require
a government bailout of one trillion dollars, a US think tank said.
"Japan appears poised to follow the passive route of outright default,"
resident scholar John H. Makin wrote in the monthly Economic Outlook report
put out by the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research on
"The negative net worth of the Japanese banking system is somewhere above
the yen-equivalent of one trillion dollars," Makin wrote. "When the banking
system collapses... the Bank of Japan will need to inject at least one
trillion into the banks to protect depositors from losses."
He said such a procedure would need to be financed by the Japanese
government, resulting in total public debt jumping by 15 percent, and
causing a surge in liquidity that would cause Japan's currency and bonds to
'It amounts to beating harder a dead horse'"Japan's deflation and debt
crisis now constitute systemic risk to the global economy," he wrote.
The report harshly criticises Japan for failing to stop rampant deflation,
which increases the burden of paying off debts.
"Efforts by the Bank of Japan to boost economic activity and to reflate by
increasing reserves in the banking system and cutting short-term interest
rates virtually to zero amount to beating harder a dead horse," Makin wrote.
"The dead horse is the Japanese banking system, which by virtue of its
insolvency is unable to act as a financial intermediary borrowing short
from the central bank and lending to Japan's private sector."
Makin also criticised moves to postpone past next March the government's
plan to cap its guarantee on bank deposits to 10 million yen (about
R900 000), saying; "that step will only delay the outright collapse of the
banking system." - Sapa-AFP
Published on the Web by IOL on 2002-01-05 19:55:26

@_date: 2002-01-07 13:44:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hackers Targeting Home Computers (fwd) 
Of course these agreements are very much fluid.  Can't host a web site (at least using std port nos.) but P2P's OK because its a driver of consumer interest in broadband.

@_date: 2002-01-07 16:04:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Red Flag Linux beats out Windows in Beijing  
Red Flag Linux beats out Windows in Beijing
Research outfit Gartner has noted an ominous development for Microsoft and other non-indigenous firms operating in China. On 28th December 2001 the Beijing municipal government awarded contracts to six local software vendors, and rejected the seventh bidder - Microsoft. The contract covers office automation, antivirus and operating software, one of the winners being Linux OS vendor Red Flag. The move is particularly important because it may signify a trend.

@_date: 2002-01-07 16:11:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: How to defeat spyware  
How to defeat spyware
There's no way of knowing how many people are using them, but it must be a bunch. Companies use them, the government uses them, and suspicious spouses use them. I'm talking about keystroke loggers--both software and hardware.

@_date: 2002-01-07 19:41:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: End of the IRS?? 
Ha, ha, ha!
I'd like to have the notes to choreography script already established between Bryant and Bartlett.  I wonder if CSPAN plans coverage?

@_date: 2002-01-08 15:35:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
I came up with a similar approach in the late '80s (I may have even discussed it on the list a year or so back).  I was interested in compressing image data, which has quite a bit of inter-pixel correlation.  My approach was to run a Hilbert space filling curve through the image (it looks like a tightly wound maze).  This allows one to maintain most of the pixel correlation while transforming from an array to line.  Then I analyzed the auto correlation of the runs of various lengths and attempted to create generators which could produce the required combinations/permutations and auto correlations to code for the runs.  I say attempted, because I was never able to find acceptable algorithms to satisfy my requirement.  I still believe these algorithms exist, it was just my limitations in identifying the underlying math needed.

@_date: 2002-01-09 08:18:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Random Data Compressed 100:1 (Guffaw) 
I knew the guys behind Fractal compression, but that's not what I was trying to do.  They looked for a higher-level order I was just looking to take advantage of local correlations and the ability to identify identical runs in the output of deterministic generators who's references could be expressed very efficiently (e.g., correlation coefficient/seed value, displacement) compared with the data being compressed.  Its a highly asymmetric approach so real-time applications were not considered.
IFS eventually became practical but they came from a time when proprietary solutions were king and missed the open standards revolution which powered JPG (which while generally as good at compression was open to improvement, well studied and not chained by patents).

@_date: 2002-01-14 10:59:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Philips Says Compact Discs Can't be Copyprotected  
Tomcat666 writes "tecChannel has a story about Philips, the holder of the most CD digital audio (CD-DA) patents. Apparently, they don't like the audio CD copy protection many record companies want to enforce in the future. They break the CD-DA standard and therefore are not allowed to use the logo. As a conclusion, Philips' next audio CD copier will be able to detect and probably circumvent the copy protection of audio CDs." This article is Auf Deutsch but the fish does a tolerable job of making it sane for those who can't remember the proper gender of all their nouns.

@_date: 2002-01-14 13:31:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hiding Sensitive Data Can Be Tough in a Digital Age 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 13  The modern task of successfully destroying electronic documents has become daunting enough to give Oliver North Mr. North is the Marine officer who became notorious during the Reagan-era Iran-contra scandal after it was discovered he had tried to delete thousands of e-mail messages, only to discover that they had been retained on backup tapes and made available to Congressional investigators.
The issue of the destruction and possible retrieval of electronic data burst into the news last week after Arthur Andersen & Company, the auditors for the Enron Corporation (news/quote), said that the accounting firm had destroyed a "significant but undetermined" number of documents relating to Enron and its finances.

@_date: 2002-01-14 17:25:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Just say no 
Freedom Fighters of the Digital World
At a time when many of us are gung-ho about sacrificing personal freedoms to combat terror, the Electric Frontier Foundation just wants to say no.

@_date: 2002-01-15 09:47:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The vital private archive 
There are probably two major hurdles: reverse engineering the firmware and getting the new code into the device.
The second is probably the hardest.  Because of high volume production techniques the processor-memory chips are probably not field programmable.  Even if they were or field programmable equivalents were available they are likely mounted using BGA (Ball Grid Array) techniques.  Very difficult to remove and re-insert without expensive

@_date: 2002-01-15 11:29:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Content protection plan targets wireless home networks 
Valenti's mob will try to use trademarks and patents to prevent licensing of open communication systems connected to entertainment HW.  Except for burnings at the stake the script is pretty much following the Catholic Church vs. The Press.  The end result will likely be similar: a new balance of power and liberties will be struck, probably with the consumer coming up on top.

@_date: 2002-07-22 17:22:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Do we need a national ID plan? 
In  this article  you "That's a reasonable position: The White House has never made an unequivocal statement against the scheme, and it's possible that America could edge toward a situation where the federal government devises an ID and orders everyone to carry it at all times. Most European countries already require just that."
Wouldn't this requirement violate the probable cause requirement for seizures of a person which been defined by a series of cases, beginning with Terry v. Ohio , 392 U.S. 1, 88 S.Ct. 1868, 20 L.Ed.2d 889 (1968)?

@_date: 2002-07-29 18:09:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Learning to love Big Brother: George W. Bush channels George 
[Might be funnier if it weren't so true...]
Learning to love Big Brother
George W. Bush channels George Orwell
Daniel Kurtzman
Sunday, July 28, 2002
)2002 San Francisco Chronicle.
URL: Here's a question for constitutional scholars: Can a sitting president be charged with plagiarism?
As President Bush wages his war against terrorism and moves to create a huge homeland security apparatus, he appears to be borrowing heavily, if not ripping off ideas outright, from George Orwell. The work in question is "1984, " the prophetic novel about a government that controls the masses by spreading propaganda, cracking down on subversive thought and altering history to suit its needs. It was intended to be read as a warning about the evils of totalitarianism -- not a how-to manual.

@_date: 2002-07-31 08:54:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hollywood Hackers 
Looks amazingly familiar.  Could it be, could be, could it be.... Mojo Nation (now MNet  )?

@_date: 2002-07-31 12:41:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: White House Sounds Call For New Internet Standards 
WHITE HOUSE SOUNDS CALL FOR NEW INTERNET STANDARDS
The Bush administration's cyber security czar, Richard Clarke, said it might
be time to replace the "creaky, cranky" 20-year-old protocols that drive the
Internet with standards better able to accommodate a flood of new wireless
devices. Wireless devices, it is feared, may introduce large security holes
to the network. The White House is working with the private sector to draft
a national plan to secure the country's most vital computer networks from
cyber attack.
The plan, expected to be released September 18, will include
several policy recommendations for wireless security. Clarke stated that the
administration had an obligation to take an active role in ensuring the
security of the Internet, especially since nearly 81 percent of major
businesses today use, or plan to use, wireless networks.
[SOURCE: The Washington Post, AUTHOR: Brian Krebs]

@_date: 2002-06-01 10:39:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BBC hijacks TiVo recorders 
[This sort of thing is why I will never consider buying networked appliances that I don't feel are in my control.  Has anyone considered reverse engineering Windows for an open source release?]
BBC hijacks TiVo recorders
By Andrew Smith
Posted: 24/05/2002 at 23:22 GMT
Users of the TiVo digital video recorder have reacted angrily to a
new sponsorship feature that automatically records certain
programmes, adverts and other promotional material.
One of TiVo's more innovative features is its ability to recommend
programmes based on viewing habits, such as watching every episode of
a soap opera or every film starring a certain actor.
But viewers in the UK were surprised this week to find that the
second episode of the little-known BBC sitcom "Dossa and Joe" had
been recorded without their knowledge and added to the system's main
menu screen.
They were even more surprised to find that they won't be allowed to
delete the programme for one week, and that more sponsored recordings
are on the way.

@_date: 2002-06-01 12:52:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: My published reply to Thomas Friedman NYT/SJM piece 
The San Jose Mercury News published my brief rebuttal to Thomas Friedman's recent Luddite piece discussed on the list.  In the NYT it was titled "Webbed, Wired and Worried,"  in the SJM it was called "Terrorists shake high-tech's foundation of trust'" .
Here's the link, my piece ran second.

@_date: 2002-06-02 12:47:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Another questionable decision from SCOTUS  
In an obscure tax case decided this term, United States v. Craft,  a husband owed money to the I.R.S. and the I.R.S. put a lien on some of his property. Michigan, like a number of states, has a concept called "tenancy by the entireties," in which property can be owned by "the marriage" as a separate entity and, when it is, the husband and wife have no individual interest in it. The husband transferred the property to "the marriage," and then told the I.R.S. "Look, I don't own this stuff anymore, 'the marriage' does." The District Court found the transfer was not fraudulent and that the I.R.S. could not touch the property. The 6th Circuit affirmed. The Supreme Court noted that the legitimacy of the transfer was not disputed on appeal.
The Court held that Michigan's concept of a marriage as a separate entity from its individual participants was nothing more than a legal fiction and, as a mere fiction, the I.R.S. could ignore it. O'Conner held that if the husband and wife didn't individually own the property, that meant no-one owned it, a result she found absurd.
I am gravely troubled by this reasoning. As pointed out in Alexis de Tocqueville's truly brilliant analysis of the foundations of our American government (e.g., "The government of the Union rests almost entirely on legal fictions. The Union is an ideal nation which exists, so to say, only in men's minds and whose extent and limits can only be discerned by the understanding. Everything in such a government depends on artificially contrived conventions, and it is only suited to a people long accustomed to manage its affairs, and one in which even the lowest ranks of society have an appreciation of political science."
Of all the legal fictions in American government, one of the hardest to swallow is the fiction of a Supreme Court. Under this fiction, when certain individuals express opinions on various issues under certain conditions, we are to regard these opinions as, not merely the separate individual opinions of these few separate and individual persons, but the single opinion of something called a Court, which is said to have powers and responsibilities wholly separate from the individuals of whom it is comprised. These powers and responsibilities are said to flow from something other than, and more than, the mere composite or sum of those All the sources of these powers and responsibilities -- constitutions, laws, governments, social compacts written and unwritten -- all are themselves legal fictions, wholly made-up conventions. Indeed, law itself is the supreme legal fiction.
The Justices should think long and hard before adopting a theory which disses the respect the citizenry has traditionally reposed in corporate entities and institutions that serve social purposes thought valuable. For as de Tocqueville rightly noted, that respect is essential to our republican form of government. The philosophy the Court espoused was so general that it cannot fail to encompass the Court itself -- and for that matter the Union -- in its generality. Every question the court asked of marriage can be asked of both the Union and the Court. If public land cannot be apportioned out to individual citizens, who owns it? And if judicial opinions do not represent the private opinions of individual justices -- if we get rid of this "Court" legal fiction -- can they be said to be the opinions of anyone?
These are questions well worth asking. If their answers prove not to be wholly absurd, then neither is the question Justice O'Conner asked about who owns property in a marriage. If they are wholly absurd, then so is our form of government.

@_date: 2002-06-02 13:08:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: 2 Challenge Gun Cases, Citing Bush Policy 
I think whether the 2nd is enforceable against states and municipalities will depend upon the SC deciding to apply the 14th Amendment.  The Supreme Court has long held that the 14th Amendment does not make all of the Bill of Rights applicable to the States. Only those rights the Court finds to be "fundamental" apply. To this day, several portions of the Bill of Rights, including the right to indictment by grand jury, to a jury trial in any common-law suit over $20, and to the rules of the common law in judicial review of jury fact-finding, have not been held to be fundamental and to this day are not applicable to the states.
Is the right to keep and bear arms a fundamental right? Obviously the NRA would argue that it is. But the Supreme Court would be well within precedent if it were to hold that given modern conditions, a right to keep and bear arms, like a right to a jury trial for a 20-dollar dispute, can no longer be said to be so implicit in the concept of ordered liberty as to be fundamental. If it so held, the 2nd Amendment would remain applicable to the Federal Government, but would not apply to the States, which would be free to use their militia regulatory powers to regulate guns as they see fit.

@_date: 2002-06-06 12:57:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Degrees of Freedom vs. Hollywood Control Freaks  
No doubt some transfers from film are better than others.  Often these discrepancies are more a function of the budget, skill and care of the technician, the available working print and particular equipment and software used, than the target medium.
However, all other things being equal, I agree with Tim: DVD is a superior medium to consumer video tape and Laser disk.

@_date: 2002-06-14 11:47:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Harry Potter released unprotected  
So, is this just a test or has at least one industry giant decided, as the software industry learned long ago, that the cost of copy protection often exceeds its value.
Time to short Macrovision (MVSN, NASDAQ NM)?  In the past year the stock has dropped from about $72 to about $14.  I wonder if their $1.00 drop in price on today's opening reflects this news?

@_date: 2002-06-17 13:49:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Harry Potter released unprotected  
Macrovision only prevents some VCRs from recording DVD content, a decreasing market.  Video "correctors" are widely available for under $60 to neuter Macrovision protection.
All DVD ripping SW bypasses any Macrovision protection.

@_date: 2002-06-26 09:49:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Terror Reading" 
Say a public library implements a policy of replying positively to all such inquiries, that is, if asked by a patron the db admin will tell them when their account is free of such inquiries.  If a request does come in then the db admin can either: fail to respond (monitoring implied), tell them they are being monitored (violating the law) or lie and say they are not even if they are.  So, can the Feds require a librarian to lie to a customer who inquires whether their library usage is being monitored?

@_date: 2002-06-26 13:45:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Police guard stabbed China Venture Capital chief 
These Chinese are obviously much further along in effective enforcement of criminal business behavior than the SEC and Congress.

@_date: 2002-06-28 07:37:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Told You So  (was "Ross's TCPA paper") 
Told You So
Alas, a Couple of Bob's Dire Predictions Have Come True
By Robert X. Cringely
Just over three years ago I wrote a column titled "Cooking the Books: How Clever Accounting Techniques are Used to Make Internet Millionaires." It explained how telecom companies were using accounting tricks to create revenue where there really was none. Take another look at the column (it's among the links on the "I Like It" page), and think of Worldcom with its recently revealed $3.7 billion in hidden expenses. Then last August, I wrote a column titled "The Death of TCP/IP: Why the Age of Internet Innocence is Over." Take a look at that column, too, and think about Microsoft's just-revealed project called Palladium.

@_date: 2002-05-23 10:44:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Open-Source Fight Flares At Pentagon Microsoft Lobbies Hard 
A master of the security half-truth chimes in...
This should present no problem for open source software.  No purchase takes place since the software is "free" by definition.

@_date: 2002-05-28 14:21:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anti-snooping operating system close to launch 
Anti-snooping operating system close to launch
16:28 28 May 02 NewScientist.com news service
Computer activists in Britain are close to completing an operating system that could undermine government efforts to the wiretap the internet. The UK Home Office has condemned the project as potentially providing a new tool for criminals.
Electronic communications can be kept private using encryption. But new UK legislation will soon give law enforcers the right to demand encryption keys from anyone suspected of illegal activity.
The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA) was introduced to update UK surveillance laws to include electronic communications. But privacy campaigners say it gives too much power to law enforcers and permits intrusive eavesdropping.
Peter Fairbrother, a mathematician and computer enthusiast, is programming the new operating system, called M-o-o-t. "It is aimed at anybody who's concerned about the government being nosey," he says.

@_date: 2002-05-28 14:58:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anti-snooping operating system close to launch 
An interesting thread concerning M-o-o-t can be found at Of particular interest to cypherpunks may be the "Threats and Weaknesses" analysis begun in Dec 2000
Threats and Weaknesses
 Hardware/firmware traps either built-in or add-on (eg
keystroke data capture plugs)
 Execution on a virtual machine designed to compromise the
 Surveillance techniques (camera, electronic monitoring,
 Trojan horse software via doctored compiler
 Trojan horse software via doctored CD
 Undetected impostors or other subversion of security
 Key captures
 Billing/Account/Payment tracing and trawling
 Denial of service attacks on the havens
 DNS and routing attacks (eg via ARPS, spoofing etc)
 false packet etc protocol attacks
 traffic analysis
 monkey in the middle attacks
 Criminalise this product
 Criminalise encryption
 Problem of creating a personal identifier that cannot be
copied, forged or usurped by force
 Billing systems may expose usage details
 Data entry and exit to the unsecure world - need to have
anonymous methods for this
 Is the data going to be locked up too tightly to be
 Can the data be manageable but still secure? Eg,
individual directories may be necessary but a security
risk. If there is no good built-in management system,
people will create hazardous insecure out-of-system ones.
 How can data availability be guaranteed over long periods
of time?
 How can keys be securely created, managed and protected
from mis-use?
 Are there sufficiently top-class cryptographers on tap to
implement new secure systems?
 Is it too ambitious for the resources?
 Can it be staged to produce useful (and profitable)
subsets more quickly?
 Does it conflict with other similar developments?
 Can it be managed in an insecure environment in a
jurisdiction that is hostile to its purpose?

@_date: 2002-05-29 22:10:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FC: Hollywood wants to plug "analog hole," regulate A-D 
But that also means it could block sale of analog test instruments, such as programmable PC-based spectrum analyzers.

@_date: 2002-10-01 14:37:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Court rules up-skirt peep cams legal 
Court rules up-skirt peep cams legal
In a ruling that could change fashions in Washington state, the supreme court there has ruled that "up-skirt cams" do not violate voyeurism laws. The Washington Supreme Court judges said that two men who took surreptitious photos and video of women and girls using tiny cameras "engaged in disgusting and reprehensible behavior." However, the judges said they did not infringe on any reasonable expectations of privacy because the images were captured in public places.
[Using almost identical logic cities around the country have passed ordinances prohibiting the wearing of masks.  So, by extension, might a city pass an ordinance that prohibits a woman from wearing underwear with a skirt?  Enquiring legal minds want to know ;-)  steve]

@_date: 2002-10-09 13:23:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Microsoft nixes TV copy protection 
Microsoft nixes TV copy protection
By Joe Wilcox
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
October 9, 2002, 9:19 AM PT
Microsoft has bowed to consumer pressure and pulled back from a controversial plan that would have encrypted TV shows recorded on forthcoming digital media PCs.
"War is just a racket ... something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small group knows what its about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses."  --- Major General Smedley Butler, 1933

@_date: 2002-10-12 22:31:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: US developing untraceable weapons 
It tells you the output power, from which one may estimate input power Beam spread is one of the most significant considerations in delivering high energy to distant targets. In general, one wants a large beam size to reduce divergence.
The phenomenon of diffraction influences the propagation of Gaussian light beams. The output of a laser is generally ''pencil-like'' in nature and has a very low divergence, yet is subject to diffraction that causes it to spread. Gaussian beam theory deals with this effect.  The Rayleigh range, Z sub R, is used as a criterion for determining the spreading of a monochromatic Gaussian light beam as it propagates in free space.
In 1987 it was discovered that were ''nondiffracting'' beam types.  The zeroth-order Bessel beam is one such solution and results in a beam with a narrow central region surrounded by a series of concentric rings.  Ideally this beam type exhibits no diffraction or spreading, in practice it is possible to obtain Bessel beams of less than 1/10 the divergence of a Gaussian beam of otherwise similar properties.  Bessel beams have been the subject of intense investigastion for a broad range of optical applications.

@_date: 2002-09-06 10:30:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Google mirror beats Great Firewall o 
Google mirror beats Great Firewall of China
15:55 06 September 02
NewScientist.com news service
China's widely criticised blocking of the web's most popular search engine Google can be defeated by viewing a strange Google mirror site through a mirror, New Scientist has discovered.

@_date: 2002-09-06 14:49:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A message from Alan I. Leshner, AAAS CEO 
Thanks Alan but,
This slippery slope concerning the ability of only approved researchers able to engage in science has gone too far and has got to stop.  I don't accept that the "right of society" to protect itself from a few madmen abusers of technology means we all must carry scientist ID cards.  Most of the significant discoveries, until this century, were made by amateurs.  Almost all the R&D I did in the 60s and 70s as an amateur are now regulated.  If I do any research, using whatever chemicals I choose, I won't be filing no "stinking forms.

@_date: 2002-09-09 11:04:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Balancing Linux and Microsoft 
Balancing Linux and Microsoft
By STEVE LOHR
For nearly two years, Bruce Perens was a senior strategist for open-source software at Hewlett-Packard  an evangelist and rabble-rouser on behalf of a computing counterculture that is increasingly moving into the mainstream. Part of the job description, he was told, was to "challenge H.P. management."
His last day as a Hewlett-Packard employee was 10 days ago. The parting was amicable, Mr. Perens said, but he was fired  "officially a termination," he noted. "It came after a long, long warning," Mr. Perens explained. "The thing that I did that was most hazardous for H.P. is the Microsoft-baiting I tend to do."

@_date: 2002-09-09 11:04:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: China Reins in Unlicensed Satellites  
China Reins in Unlicensed Satellites
Friday, September 6, 2002
Last updated at 12:33:40 p.m. PT
By JOE MCDONALD
ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER
BEIJING -- Faced with the hijacking of its television signals by Falun Gong protesters and pirate broadcasters, China says it is cracking down on unauthorized use of satellite communication networks and ground relay stations.

@_date: 2002-09-09 22:58:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A message from Alan I. Leshner, AAAS CEO 
After reviewing the list I don't deny the dangers inherent in experimenting with these items.  My objection has to do with the federal government's Over the past ten years I've made it a "hobby" to study the detailed legislative histories of several key constitutional amendments (e.g., the 14th and 16th) and Supreme Court rulings on these amendments and their interpretations of the Commerce Clause and Necessary and Proper Clauses.  I've read the works of and discussed the findings with a number of Constitutional scholars (e.g., Larry Lessig and Eugene Volokh).  In general they support my conclusions and share a serious concern for the frightening lack of respect Congress and the Supreme Court have shown the Constitution and our liberties.  If I am right substantial portions of federal law passed since the Civil War (and especially since the FDR administration) have no basis in a clear reading of the Constitution.
I have no qualms with my state regulating many of my behaviors and possessions, but find the federal involvement unlawful and unacceptable in this area.  Most of my fellow citizens accept an almost unlimited federal involvement in our daily lives.  The Founders placed many safeguards in the Constitution to prevent this, but Congress and the Courts have found illegal circumventions. Most Americans would rather not know that their liberties have been and are continuing to be drained away by the unconstitutional practices of the supposed guardians of their liberties.  They believe that the current balance struck is the best under the circumstances.  In fact, they are frightened by (or consider mentally unbalanced or unpatriotic) anyone who would raise serious objections. I am left to protect my rights the best I can, even if it means violating unlawful regulations.
If you are one of the "many" you will probably find my ranting that of a loon.  If not, a good place to start your inquiry is with the recently published book, "The Real Lincoln," by Thomas diLorenzo  Its causing quite a stir in American historical circles.

@_date: 2002-09-12 19:17:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: State's medical marijuana proposition doesn't trump federal 
(fwd))
[The following is my response to a related article (unfortunately not on-line) from the Opinion section of the San Jose Mercury News by Larry N. Gerston, a professor of political science at SJSU and political analyst at NBC3, wherein the question is asked whether we should have obey laws we don't like.
Your September 11 SJMN op-ed piece, "State's medical marijuana proposition doesn't trump federal regulations," made some good points regarding the current balance of power between the states and federal government and the importance of obeying laws. And in a perfect world I'd agree, but this is not that world. Sometimes civil disobedience or even criminal action is needed to pressure legislators or the courts to doing what's right. Governmental systems have an inherent mandate to increase power and rarely give it up. When those in authority encounter impediments they will often seek a means, occasionally illegal, to achieve their ends. Our system of checks and balances (including the states) was created to thwart the most dangerous form of anarchy, anarchy from within. Whenever this system fails all our liberties are at stake. Such is the case with the apparently illegal enactment of the 14th Amendment upon which is based much of current federal authority.
At the close of the Civil War the Republican controlled Congress sought to legally "lock in" the expansion of federal authority it had gained as a result of battlefield victories with Joint Resolution No. 127 proposing a 14th Amendment. But once again the Southern States stood in their way. Although President Jackson (who succeeded Lincoln) and Congress had acknowledged the legitimacy of the these duly elected governments, in their frustration the 39th Congress voted, on December 5, 1865, to deny seats in both Houses to anyone elected from the 11 southern States. They also ejected New Jersey Senator Stockton who opposed the bill and would have cast the deciding ballot, and refused to count the denied southern representative's numbers when computing the two-thirds majority Constitutionally required for passage. Whether it requires two thirds of the full membership of both Houses to propose an Amendment to the Constitution or only two thirds of those seated or two thirds of those voting is a question which it would seem could only be determined by the Supreme Court.
Congress cared little about these "minor irregularities" in the proposal and voting process, they proceeded to submit the amendment to the States for ratification. But, surprise, things did not go well. After some legislatures first ratified and then recanted, in the end 16 of the 37 states rejected the measure. When the State of Louisiana rejected the 14th Amendment on February 6, 1867 [making the 10th State to have rejected the same or more than one-fourth of the total number of 36 States of the Union (as of that date) leaving less than three-fourths of the States to possibly ratify the same] the Amendment failed. It could not have been revived except by a new Joint Resolution of the Senate and House of Representatives in accordance with Constitutional requirement.
Congress decided that states legislatures were not free to change their minds on ratification and ignored all those who did so. On the 20th of July 1868 Secretary of State Seward issued his proclamation of ratification of the fourteenth amendment, in which, after reciting the law of 1818 requiring him to publish the ratification of an amendment to the Constitution in the newspapers. However his language in the proclamation shows very clearly that Mr Seward had his doubts about the Constitutionality of the ratification process, and he takes pains to relieve himself of any responsibility by declaring that - "Neither the act just quoted from, nor any other law, expressly or by conclusive implication, authorizes the Secretary of State to determine and decide doubtful questions as to the authenticity of the organization of State legislatures or as to the power of any State legislature to recall a previous act or resolution of ratification of any amendment proposed to the The Senate brushed aside Secretary Steward's concerns and on the next day Senator Sherman offered a Joint Resolution declaring that three fourths and more of the States had ratified the proposed Amendment, and therefore that it was a part of the Constitution. Secretary Steward was pressured into certifying the Amendment as passed. In a Message to the Senate (Senate Ex. Doc. No. 57 of the 39th Congress, 1st Session); President Andrew Johnson commented on the "Concurrent Resolution" of July 21, 1868 "In this matter nothing has happened to change the mind or solve the doubts of the Secretary, but as an executive officer, he was compelled to obey a joint resolution of Congress whatever his own opinion might be of the power of Congress to pass it, that being, as I have said above, a judicial question."
Finally, there are no records showing that the Resolution was ever submitted to the President of the United States for his approbation. According to Article V of the Constitution for the United States; the Resolution is governed by the procedures of U.S. Const., I:7:3 - "Every order, RESOLUTION, or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary, (except on a question of adjournment) SHALL BE PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES; AND BEFORE THE SAME SHALL TAKE EFFECT, SHALL BE APPROVED BY HIM, or being disapproved by him, shall be re-passed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill." We can conclude from the above Message that the President would have "Vetoed" the Resolution. If the Resolution was "Vetoed" [and as there are no Records showing that either House of Congress voted to repass the Resolution over the Veto], we can conclude that the Concurrent Resolution of July 21, 1868 failed.
To all the issues the courts have been mute, however, declaring in Unpublished Opinions that all questions involving the 14th Amendment are "Political Questions" to the Courts. Its this sort of dereliction of duty by the courts that does mortally would our Constitution.
So, in response to you question whether one is free to ignore certain laws, I bow to a basic doctrine adopted by our courts:
16th American Jurisprudence 2d, Section 177, late 2d, Section 256: "No one is bound to obey an unconstitutional law and no courts are bound to enforce
