
@_date: 1998-10-06 08:23:15
@_author: SDN 
@_subject: Web TV with 128b exported 
It's probably a lot closer to the "private doorbell" scenario.  The only
thing that a WebTV unit will communicate with is the WebTV service (or
the Japanese variant thereof).
Since all traffic goes through a point that will likely cooperate with
law enforcement (and has remote control of the boxes, too.), this doesn't
represent much of a loosening in the export controls.
It's probably as good as or better than any other Microsoft crypto, though.
Jon Leonard

@_date: 1998-10-14 10:00:11
@_author: SDN 
@_subject: FYI: More on WebTV security 
The WebTV units are in fact tied to the WebTV service.  You can use another
ISP to reach the service, though, at a reduced cost.  (Search for OpenISP
at webtv.net.)  Retrofitting ethernet onto a box isn't practical.
The proxy servers do transform data, but I don't think the software in the
box requires it.  My understanding was that the transformations were just
for faster downloads, and did things like rescale images.  It doesn't matter
much, because there isn't a way to avoid using them.
More relevant to the list, the threat model for the WebTV service/box is
primarily concerned about loss of user data, forgotten passwords, and
unsecured data over the public internet.  It's not worried about privacy
from WebTV insiders.
As a result, all user data is stored on the service, traffic to and from the
box is encrypted, and data isn't hidden from the customer care people.
If that doesn't fit what you want out of it (and it doesn't seem very
close to a consensus cypherpunks threat model), don't get one.  I think
it's the best attempt at an easy-to-use network computer on the market,
but I don't use one myself.  It's not what I want.
Jon Leonard
The above opinions are mine and not WebTV's.

@_date: 1998-10-15 04:16:21
@_author: SDN 
@_subject: FYI: More on WebTV security 
I'd say it's definitely not secure against law enforcement.  That's probably
the primary reason why the boxes got export approval with 128-bit crypto.
It's just so much easier to ask the service operators what a user has been
up to, check the logs, and go...
That's why I said that the threat model wasn't something a cypherpunk would
be happy with.  There just isn't any protection against an attacker who
looks legitimite to Microsoft.
This is less clear.  The service predates the buyout, and it hasn't (yet)
migrated to NT.  The people who run and maintain it are very competent
(at least the ones I know personally), but anyone can make mistakes,
espescially under the pressures of a startup environment.
Jon Leonard
Again, the above are my opinions.  WebTV's opinions may be entirely different.
