
@_date: 1998-12-07 06:00:34
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: SHANGHAI ENTREPRENEUR TRIED IN CHINA 
The Chinese government has put 30-year-old Shanghai computer software businessman Lin Hai on trial for "inciting the overthrow of state power" by providing 30,000 e-mail addresses to a U.S. Internet magazine called "Big Reference" published by Chinese dissidents.  Chinese authorities closed the four-hour trial for what it said were "national security" reasons, and "persuaded" one member of Lin's legal team not to attend the trial.  Lin's wife Xu Hong, who was questioned by the police for six hours, has indicated that Lin's lawyer "said he didn't have a very good feeling -- that things won't be good for Lin and he will probably be found guilty."  (Washington Post 5 Dec 98)
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-07 06:12:06
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: MITNICK TRIAL POSTPONED AGAIN 
The long-awaited trial of Kevin Mitnick, the accused computer hacker indicted on 25 counts of "stealing, copying, and misappropriating proprietary computer software" from a number of cellular and computer companies, has been postponed until April 20 after Mitnick's lawyer asked for more time to prepare his case.  The trial was slated to begin on January 19.  Mitnick has been in jail in Los Angeles awaiting trial since February 1995. - Los Angeles Times 4 Dec 98
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-15 02:02:45
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: IRS COMPUTER SYSTEMS TO BE BROUGHT UP TO DATE 
A consortium of companies led by Computer Sciences has been awarded a major
contract for a 15-year project intended to modernize the computer systems of
the Internal Revenue Service.  USA Today 10 Dec 98

@_date: 1998-12-16 02:02:33
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: IP: Cell phone tapping stirs debate 
Last updated: 11:00 P.M. Thursday, December 10th, 1998.                     HIGH SPEED CHASE AND SUSPECT ARREST
                    Cpl. Kevin Grebin/S.D. Highway Patrol: "It was the scanner traffic from his cell
                    phone that the officers picked up that enabled us to capture him."
                    A high speed chase and a cell phone conversation ends with one man in jail...
                    Law enforcement officials from both Iowa and South Dakota chased the man at
                    speeds in excess of 100 miles an hour.
                    He was wanted on a Federal warrant for drug charges.
                    K-S-F-Y's Judeka Drogt and Chief Photographer Lonnie Nichols were there and
                    have the exclusive report.
                    Natural Sound Of Arrest Being Made As It Happened.
                    32-Year old Tracy Fanning was quietly led out of a farm field 6 miles North of
                    Lennox.
                    Natural Sound Of Officers Going Through Suspect's Pockets And Finding
                    Drugs.
                    Officers found methamphetamine and two knives on him.
                    This was the successful ending to a very long night for these officers.
                    It all began in Iowa...
                    That's where Fanning was spotted by the Iowa State Patrol.
                    The chase began after they learned he was named in a Federal drug warrant.
                    He crossed into South Dakota around 11:30 p.m.
                    Fanning dumped his car at a rural home and ran...
                    As Police followed him they had no idea what they were facing.
                    Cpl. Kevin Grebin/S.D. Highway Patrol: "There was some ammo there that we
                    could not find a weapon to so we weren't sure if he had the weapon on him
                    when he took off."
                    For the next 3 and a half hours Police used dogs and spotlights to search for
                    him.
                    That's not all.
                    Fanning was using a cell phone to call a contact...
                    He was hoping to be picked up...
                    Instead it was the Police that were "picking up" his conversation...
                    And his location.
                    Fanning's last phone call led officers to his hiding place.
                    Fanning was taken to the Minnehaha County Jail at 3:30 Thursday morning.
                    LENNOX CHASE FOLLOW-UP
                    Drug crimes, high speed police chases and manhunts are something many folks
                    think happen only in big cities.
                    But as we've shown you exclusively, that's not the case.
                    K-S-F-Y's Brian DeRoy takes us to the site of this morning's manhunt.
                    Betty Vanderwerf/Rural Lennox Resident: "You just don't want to go out in
                    those trees in the daytime at least until somebody else could be caught."
                    Betty Vanderwerf is still shaken about all the police cars near her rural Lennox
                    home.
                    Betty Vanderwerf/Rural Lennox Resident: "It makes you feel like you don't even
                    want to take the dog out for a walk after dark, and you just want to keep your
                    doors locked."
                    Back where police finally caught up with Tracy Fanning...it was only after quite
                    a long search...
                    The suspect was running for a long time including back over in an area near
                    Betty Vanderwerf's house.
                    They located Fanning just behind some trees is where Betty Vanderwerf lives.
                    Betty Vanderwerf/Rural Lennox Resident: "Hopefully you don't think he's a
                    killer out on the run, he's just getting away from authorities for his problem."
                    Things are quiet in downtown Lennox.
                    But the talk in the grocery store is how close the armed suspect was to town.
                    Verg Musch had his doors unlocked Wednesday night.
                    Verg Musch/Lennox Resident: "Grew up in the country and from there into a
                    small town like this, I would imagine most of the people don't."
                    Well, maybe not.
                    Brian DeRoy/Dakota First News: "How many of you lock your doors at night,
                    raise your hands...most of you."
                    Lennox Resident  "We just always do, I don't know, always have."
                    Lennox Resident  "I'm on the highway and I'm just afraid if I'm alone at
                    night."
                    Back outside town, Betty won't be taking country living for granted anymore.
                    Betty Vanderwerf/Rural Lennox Resident: "It just kind of goes to show when
                    you go to bed at night, lock your doors."
                    A reality no matter what your address.
                    Lennox is still a pretty sleepy place.
                    The town has only three full-time Police officers.
So was it really intercepted cell phone traffic on a police scanner, or did they get his location from the cell phone  -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-25 05:35:42
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: JFK 
"The basis of effective government is public confidence, and that
confidence is endangered when ethical standards falter or appear to
- JFK

@_date: 1998-11-02 11:02:16
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Hacktivists 
"HACKTIVISTS" SAY: "THE REVOLUTION WILL BE DIGITIZED"
Two political activists in New York, of cofounders of the Electronic Disturbance Theater, are organizing "virtual sit-ins"
and recruiting programmers to attack the Web sites of persons or
organizations they believe responsible for oppression.  "We see this as a form of electronic civil obedience," says Stefan Wray,
one of the two leaders of this effort. National Information Protection Agency chief Michael Vatis says, "I wouldn't
characterize vandalizing Web sites as cyber-terrorism, but the only responsible assumption we can make is that there's more going on that we don't know about."  Some activists agree with that assessment, but for different reasons;  they think such methods are unproductive because they will antagonize the general public.  (New York Times 31 Oct 98)

@_date: 1998-11-04 12:12:04
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: FUD vs LINUX 
MICROSOFT EXECS WORRY ABOUT FREE SOFTWARE MOVEMENT
An internal Microsoft memo written by one of that company's software
engineers indicates that Microsoft is concerned with developing strategies
for competing against free programs that have been gaining popularity with
software developers, such as the operating system Linux.  The memorandum
warns that the usual Microsoft marketing strategy known as FUD (an acronym
for fear, uncertainty, and doubt) won't work against developers of free
software, who are part of the O.S.S. (open-source software) movement that
makes source code readily available to anyone for improvement and testing.
The memo ( says:  "The ability of
the O.S.S. process to collect and harness the collective I.Q. of thousands
of individuals across the Internet is simply amazing.  More importantly,
O.S.S. evangelization scales with the size of the Internet much faster than
our own evangelization efforts appear to scale."  (New York Times 3 Nov 98)

@_date: 1998-11-21 02:43:29
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Militiamen Assault Federal Command Post 
Reply-To: "news at overthrow.com" Organization: Utopian Anarchist Party
Militiamen Assault Federal Command Post
Shots Exchanged, No Injuries
November 17, 1998
Andrews, NC -- An unknown number of militiamen attacked a federal
command post late last week, exchanging fire with agents.  No injuries
on either side were reported, and the unknown number of militiamen were
said to have fled.  The Rudolph Command Post, in Andrews NC, is the base
from which more than 200 federal agents are conducting a search for Eric
Rudolph, suspected bomber of a number of abortion clinics and of the
1996 Olympics.
    Federal agents say that bullets whizzed by their heads and that one
agent was barely grazed when nearly a dozen shots were fired into their
    Eric Rudolph, 32, has been charged in numerous bombings, including
one that killed a police officer, and has fled into the woods of Western
North Carolina.  The eighty agents that had been assigned to the case,
until recently, when their number was boosted to 200, have been unable
to locate Rudolph.  ANS correspondants on the scene that the local
residents overwhelmingly support Rudolph, and that many have pledged
that they would support and shelter him if they felt it necessary.
    Rudolph is linked to far-right Christian organizations.  ANS's North
Carolina correspondents are not sympathetic to these organizations.
For more anarchist news and information, contact:
    Utopian Anarchist Party
    Post Office Box 12244
    Silver Spring, MD 20908
    uap at overthrow.com

@_date: 2000-12-28 03:07:48
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Single-file photons 
Photons can now be emitted one at a time, an advance towards quantum computers and cryptography A tiny disc that emits light in an orderly procession of single photons, and with no background noise, has been created. The "photon turnstile" could ultimately transmit the keys to secret codes safely past prying eyes or help computer scientists exploit the strange laws of quantum mechanics.
Researchers have long tried to develop devices that emit one photon at a time. In September, researchers reported that a single molecule could do the trick. But the material surrounding the molecule produced a lot of noise - an unwanted second photon popped out about 20% of the time.
However, the new semiconductor disc, made by a team from the University of California, Santa Barbara, avoids this problem. "Our principle improvement is that we were able to remove this background," says applied physicist Atac Imamoglu.
Quantum dot Imamoglu and colleagues embedded a "quantum dot" inside a 200-nanometer-thick disc of gallium arsenide. The dot is a dab of indium arsenide less than 50 nanometres across and 3 nanometres thick. They cooled the device to about 25 Kelvin and shone pulses of laser light on it.
The light sent electrons cruising through the gallium arsenide. These left behind vacancies or "holes" that acted like positive charges floating through the disk. An electron-hole pair would quickly settle onto the quantum dot, where they would recombine to give off one photon of a particular wavelength.
In the meantime, all the other electron-hole pairs would annihilate in ways that produce no light, or light of the wrong wavelength. In this way, the researchers obtained precisely one of the desired photons per laser pulse.
Extraneous photons didn't crop up because the disk was so small, Imamoglu says. "The microdisc helps by reducing the volume of material that is excited and thereby reducing the background," he says.
Keys and Q-bits A stream of single photons could safely transmit code keys because a spy would have to measure each photon. According to the laws of quantum mechanics, this would alter its state, says team member Christoph Milcher, now at the University of Bremen, in Germany. "You can send a key with single photons so that no-one else can detect it without you knowing," he says.
Two photons might also be joined through a process called entanglement, Imamoglu says, to form a logic bit that can be 0, 1, or 0-and-1 at the same time. Such "q-bits" are essential for quantum computing.
But currently, Imamoglu and colleagues capture only one in every 10,000 single-photon pulses. They hope to adjust the shape of their tiny device to quickly raise that to a more practical one in every 100.
More at: Science (vol 290, p 2282), Nature (vol 407, p 491)
Correspondence about this story should be directed to latestnews at newscientist.com 1136 GMT, 22 December 2000
Adrian Cho

@_date: 2000-10-04 11:41:38
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: CDR: anarchism = socialism 
...read on and learn also that capitalism == mass slavery [LART], and that, very definitely, property == theft [LART].
For an anarchist, he also seems a little too eager to invoke the authority of the dictionary to support his claims [CLUESTICK - get 2 free LARTs].
FableOfNamesMonger

@_date: 2000-10-21 22:00:05
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: CDR: New ID system keeps tabs on kids 
"Mooooo" say air passengers.  "Baaaaa" say students.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Newsgroups: alt.privacy
Students have their ID Cards scanned at the start of the school
day at Bensalem High School
By Denise Clay
SPECIAL TO THE PREMIERE
dclay at calkinsnewspapers.com
Getting into Bensalem High School now requires identification,
but not any card will do.
Students have begun using photo identification cards connected to
the school's new Comprehensive Attendance Administration and
Security System.
The cards have the student's name and other information encoded n
them. A computerized reader scans them.
The systen is designed to help school officials monitor students'
comings and goings. In the future, the electronic screens at the
ID stations will show if a student has been suspended and
shouldn't be in school. The monitors will also sing "Happy
Birthday" to a student on the appropriate day.
Six identification stations are located at the front entrance of
the school, said Princial Elliott Lewis. One station is staffed
with a hall monitor all day.
Students have been adjusting to the Windows 95-based system and
the additional responsibilities connected to it, officials say.
"The kids have been responding well," said Natalie Knable,
assistant principal. "They've been carrying their IDs."
Those who forget are given a temporary pass after signing in at
the ID station.

@_date: 2000-10-25 17:11:22
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: CDR: For small values of "Ideal" (was: Re: why should it be trusted?) 
"Having total gun control would be ideal,"
"Having self censorship would be ideal,"
"Having salary standardization would be ideal,"
and now: "Having socialized healthcare would be ideal."
What next?  "Having crypto export controls would be ideal"?
If I set up a Killfilepunks list, will you migrate?

@_date: 2000-09-23 18:35:18
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: CDR: CDR cover your glass Re: CDR cover your glass (ad nauseum) 
Or make a tube out of a cereal box to hold over the end of your binoculars/ camera lens.  Some strange people actually use this miraculous piece of technology to avoid glare.
Now can we please drop this thread?
Cap'n Crunch.

@_date: 2001-08-09 21:53:28
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Indict Saddam 
It's hard to take seriously any American calling for a trial of Saddam
Hussein who does not first call for a trial of Henry Kissinger.
Kissinger is guilty of a wide variety of serious crimes.  Many are
suitable for an international tribunal, others are clear cut
violations of U.S. law.
Kissinger is available, prosecutable, and guilty.

@_date: 2001-08-10 15:42:01
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: BOMB PLANS 
Why not nitroglycerin? The components are very easy to get -- nitric
acid and glycerine. Leitl spake:

@_date: 2001-08-11 05:36:00
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS 
Why is everyone pussyfooting around the bomb plan thing
all the time? Why doesn't one of the lawyers on the list,
or somebody like Tim, who can afford a good lawyer, just
start a daily posting of pages from one of those CIA
manuals that Loompanics or whoever sells, with all
the explosive and incendiary formulas? What possible charge could the trolling LEO's make?

@_date: 2001-08-17 10:28:41
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter Vol. 1 No. 1 
Amusing, Aimee -- or is it "Amusing Aimee"? But the real discussion
was about protected speech, was it not? You previously posted a piece on
"842" as if that were an actual statute forbidding the "teaching" of info
on explosives and bombs. Where is that law, actually?     This case is about someone selling pipe bombs, something totally different in the first place -- but protected activity under the 2nd,
nonetheless. And yes, we are aware that undercover LEO's often act as
agent provocateur. So what's your point? We also know, from the Judy
Barri case that LEO's (FBI in this case) even teach bomb making them
selves, and, quite possibly, even plant bombs in the cars of citizens
they have under surveillance, even try to kill them. So what's your
point?

@_date: 2001-08-31 02:48:26
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: pennies for IRS (or non-dumb JB) 
By Rob Peecher Telegraph Staff Writer
EATONTON --- Jesse Ethredge doesn't care much for President Bush, and he
doesn't hesitate to say so.
In fact, if you're following the 57-year-old Eatonton man down the road,
you'll quickly learn just exactly what he thinks of Bush.
"Don't U blame me. Thief --- Liar --- Two Faced Murderer Geo W. Bush. Hell
with Bush and all damn Republicans."
Those are the words printed, in plastic stick-on letters, on the back of
the camper on Ethredge's truck, which is also adorned with a cartoon child
urinating on the word "Republicans."
Those also are the words that earned Ethredge a visit from the U.S. Secret
Service last week.
"They came Tuesday, wanting to ask me what did I mean by that there,"
Ethredge said, pointing to the slogan on his truck. "They asked me a bunch
of questions, like if he was to come into my driveway, what would I tell
him. I said I'd tell him to get out as fast as he come in it. ... They
wanted to see if I was a danger to him."
Bush has been closer to Ethredge than one might expect. During the
campaign, Bush made at least two visits to Reynolds Plantation on Lake
Oconee in Greene County.
Ethredge said he believes the visit from the Secret Service was initiated
by a man who had come to his house the week before. Ethredge, who lives on
Lake Sinclair, has a car with a for sale sign on it parked in his front
yard. A few days before the Secret Service came to see him, Ethredge said
a man stopped at the end of his driveway.
"I come out to see what he wanted; I thought he wanted to buy the car. But
then he started talking about the sign and asked me if I knew I could get
in trouble with the Secret Service for that. I told him if that's all he
was here for, he could leave the same way he came here," Ethredge said.
"If I see him again, I'll give him a mouthful."
Putnam County sheriff's detective Lee Wilson confirmed it was a call from
someone who had seen Ethredge's truck that brought the Secret Service to
"We got a call from somebody who had seen his truck and noticed a sign
that (the caller said) says 'murder George Bush,' " Wilson said. "I called
the Secret Service, and they sent an agent down, and we interviewed
(Ethredge) as a matter of policy to see what his mind-set is and if he
poses any threat to the president."
Wilson said Ethredge cooperated during the interview.
"Although he didn't have a lot of use for (Bush), he didn't have any
intentions of causing him physical harm," Wilson said. "As far as (the
sheriff's office) is concerned, it's a closed matter. I don't want to
speak for the Secret Service, but based on my conversation with them,
they'll document having contact with (Ethredge)."
It was a similar anti-Bush (though a different Bush) slogan on the same
camper shell that more than a decade ago got Ethredge much attention from
the media and from officials at Robins Air Force Base, where he has worked
as a civilian employee for 34 years.
That sign --- "Read my lips hell with Geo. Bush" --- got Ethredge a ticket
charging him with "provoking speech on a truck" when he drove it onto the
base April 5, 1990.
The ticket was dismissed since there is no statute against "provoking
language on a truck," but in October 1991, Ethredge received a letter from
Col. Robert Hail, then-deputy base commander at Robins. The letter
instructed Ethredge not to come onto the base with "bumper stickers or
other similar paraphernalia which would embarrass or disparage the
Commander in Chief."
Ethredge contacted the American Civil Liberties Union, and a First
Amendment lawsuit naming Hail as the defendant ensued. A U.S. district
judge ruled against Ethredge, saying the base did have the power to limit
bumper sticker content. Ethredge appealed to the 11th Circuit Court of
Appeals, and the 11th Circuit initially ruled the case moot since Bush
lost the election to Clinton.
So, Ethredge says, he added a line about Bill Clinton "more or less to
keep the case going." While he has no love for Republicans --- the first
sign Ethredge had on a vehicle was about Ronald Reagan --- Ethredge said
he didn't really have anything against Clinton. But he nonetheless added a
slogan to his truck that read, "Hell with Clinton and Russian aid."
The 11th Circuit then ruled against Ethredge, and the lawsuit ended there,
said Gerry Weber, the ACLU attorney handling the case.
"We stopped at the 11th Circuit level," Weber said. "Just within the
context of a military base, people's free speech rights are as restricted
or potentially more restricted than inmates in a jail."
Weber said he was surprised to hear Ethredge had become, if only briefly,
the subject of a Secret Service probe. After hearing the content of the
new slogan, Weber said, "That doesn't sound like it warrants a Secret
Service investigation."
Weber also said a state statute outlawing obscene or lewd messages on
bumper stickers was struck down by the state Supreme Court, so Bush
supporters wishing to silence Ethredge have no recourse there.
Ethredge --- who also is well known at the Putnam County Tax
Commissioner's Office, where he pays his property taxes in pennies --- has
not worked at Robins since 1998 when he left on a workers' compensation
claim after a knee injury. He plans to retire next month.

@_date: 2001-01-20 14:36:34
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Anti-Carnivore FUD or Brave New Internet? 
JULY 13, 2000
     Meet Eater
            The FBI's Plan for Digital Wiretaps Raises More Questions Than It             Answers
            By Robert X. Cringely
            There is this moment toward the otherwise forgettable end of "Star             Trek V: The Final Frontier" when this alien creature patterned after             the Wizard of Oz has even Spock convinced that it is God with a             capital "G." They are just about to fire-up the Enterprise and take             "God" back to Earth when Kirk -- probably hoping to avoid the             military protocol involved with having a deity on the bridge -- asks             a pivotal question: Why would God need a starship? Couldn't God just             blink and instantly be in Times Square looking up at the NASDAQ             sign, wondering why they cut windows into a video screen?             This scene of the skeptical Kirk flashed in my mind this week as I             read about Carnivore, the FBI's system for reading the e-mail of bad             guys. Carnivore is a sealed box that is installed at the network             operations center of an Internet Service Provider. It filters             packets, finds e-mail going to and from identified criminals, and             saves that e-mail for later decryption and analysis. What bothers             the Internet Service Providers is they have no control over the             Carnivore box, and no way of protecting the privacy of all the             customers who aren't drug lords or escaped felons. What bothers the             American Civil Liberties Union is the likelihood that individuals             will not only lose their right to privacy, but lose it in a new and             insidious way.             What bothers me is the damned box. Why would the FBI need a box?             Here's all the FBI will say about Carnivore. It sits on the network             at the ISP, is PC-based, is "a kind of a sniffer," identifies and             saves packets associated with suspected criminals, is installed             under a court order, and doesn't itself act as a decryption device.             There are supposed to be around 20 Carnivore boxes, and they have             been in use since early this year. You don't need a sealed box to do             any of these tasks, most of which are already being done for             completely legal reasons right inside the router at every ISP.             Routers look at every packet, determine what type of packet it is,             where it is coming from and where it is going to, then the router             delivers the packet to its intended destination. This is what             routers do. Adding the Carnivore task is a simple matter of blind             copying every packet to or from a bad guy to a third address at the             J. Edgar Hoover FBI Building in Washington, DC. It's at most a few             lines of code and requires no additional hardware.             So why the box?             The probable reason is because cops like to be in control. They LIKE             boxes, like delivering them in unmarked cars, like the satisfying             click of the RJ-45 connector as it slides home. Maybe they don't             know that it could all be done without a box. Heck, it IS being done             without a box all the time, and that's where the ACLU is missing the             point. Sniffers have been running on networks ever since Harry Saal             invented the device. Every packet at every ISP already goes through             a sniffer at least part of the time. An ISP could do at any time             what we fear the FBI might do with Carnivore read the e-mail and             follow the surfing habits of every pretty blonde customer. Good             ISPs, which is to say nearly all ISPs don't do this, of course, but             it happens.             So why doesn't the FBI just get a court order making the ISP do the             dirty work? That's what the ISPs wonder, too, especially since             that's how phone taps are handled. Cops don't really climb poles and             attach alligator clips to hear phone calls. That's all done at the             central office by telephone company technicians.             The FBI, through the use of Carnivore, is trying to grab a little             more power. And by doing it themselves with Carnivore, the FBI             doesn't have to reveal the identity of the bad guy or extent to             which it is using the box. Yeah, right.             But wait, it gets worse. There are aspects of this case that the             ACLU hasn't even considered. The Carnivore boxes are what's called             "co-located" at the ISP. This isn't a rare thing. Many organizations             like to control their own Web or mail servers and so co-locate them             at an ISP. Colocation puts your server closer to the Internet             backbone, eliminates typical T-1 line costs, allows the ISP to             monitor and reboot the server, and usually comes with nifty things             like redundant backbone connections and diesel generators in case             the power goes out. Companies in the co-location business include             well-known names like AT&T, IBM, and Intel. So there are tens of             thousands -- maybe hundreds of thousands -- of computers already             installed just like the FBI installs its Carnivore boxes. What keeps             those co-located computers from being sniffers, too? Nothing at all.             For $300 per month, you too could install your own Carnivore box at             the ISP of your choice. Co-location facilities don't really care             what you do with your co-located server as long as you keep paying             the bill.             More technically astute readers may take exception to this idea of             private Carnivore boxes since there are ways to isolate ISP traffic             and keep one box from seeing all the packets on the ISP network. But             at most ISPs, THOSE TECHNIQUES AREN'T USED.             This still leaves us wondering why the FBI insists on this program             that isn't really necessary to do what they say they want to do.             Beyond my overzealous cop theory, the most obvious possibility is             that Carnivore is actually intended to do something else, some             different task than the FBI is saying. Privacy advocates and the             ACLU seem fixated on the idea that the Feds will use Carnivore to             eavesdrop on non-criminals. It makes sense to worry about this,             given past FBI anti-privacy campaigns like the Clipper Chip fiasco             of several years ago that was supposed to have made it possible for             the FBI to tap up to 10 million simultaneous telephone             conversations, even though there are only an average of 1500             court-ordered phone taps each year in the U.S.             But I have my own theory about Carnivore. From a network             architecture standpoint, the best location for Carnivore is right             after the ISP's router. This puts Carnivore in the path of every             packet entering or leaving the ISP. It's also a major reason why             ISPs might not want to install Carnivore boxes -- it's the network's             point of greatest vulnerability. In this position, Carnivore can act             as a listening and recording device, OR IT CAN ACT AS A SWITCH. If             we ever hear a proposal from the FBI in which it plans to install             Carnivores at all 6000 ISPs in the U.S., we'll be giving the             government the power to do something it can't do right now.             Shut the Internet down. "We've got a Carnivore^h^h^h^h^h^h^h^h^h ChildSavor box, we're using the case as a radio antenna, and we know that's not allowed!"
Timothy C. May               | Shit Disturbing: Anarchy in the streets, Brain's Moral Compass        | digital money-laundering, zero-knowledge W.A.S.T.E.D - Proud Author of| gun purchases, collapse of Federal buildings
many prompt checks to the IRS| "Nuts like me give Orrin Hatch wet dreams"
"When the Revolution comes, they'll start working their way through Tim's Killfiles."

@_date: 2001-03-07 02:13:31
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Nimble Nymph? 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 1078 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-11-28 19:14:39
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: WTF is going on ?? 
(reason: 550 ... User unknown)
 ----- Transcript of session follows -----
... while talking to meer.meer.net.:
<<< 550 ... User unknown
550 5.1.1 ... User unknown
