
@_date: 2001-08-15 19:34:09
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
[cypherpunky cryptobabble libertopians should take note!]
Available at: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity)
Abstract: This report examines a secret category in N2H2's censorware,
a product often sold under the name "BESS, The Internet Retriever".
This category turns out to be for sites which must be uniformly
prohibited, because they constitute a LOOPHOLE in the necessary
control of censorware. The category contains sites which provide
services of anonymity, privacy, language translation, humorous text
transformations, even web page feature testing, and more.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE:

@_date: 2001-08-15 21:21:42
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
seriously anymore. After you testified for Federal government
prosecutors, helping to put members in jail - not once, but twice -
and anyone still respected you, I just lost all ability to regard that
zeitgeist as other than a joke.
was before a certain journalist, who I helped a lot, did many things
to raise my legal risks, and justified some of it in the name of
Libertarianism (other parts were just his "character").
This is not a game we're playing. People are going to jail.
backstabbing I worry about. I don't ever want to find you playing
Federal Witness  against me too.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE:

@_date: 2001-08-15 23:12:35
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
"Yes, I affirm under oath that the article is true"
the contents of the article in court. Making such an affirmation is
not inevitable. People can disown articles. This not to recommend such
disowning. However, the prosecution is well aware of the risks that it
can happen.
about his plane ticket as his biggest concern in such a situation. He
certainly would not be welcomed back to gather information on people
he might help put in jail in a future trial.
Fed's best friend. That's not an insult, that's a fact. He's provided
important evidence that helped obtain two convictions. He shows every
sign of repeating the performance. And nobody even seems to notice.
Everybody goes by what he posts, the politically correct (for here)
liberpunk anarcrypt cyberbilge. Not what he *does*. It's utterly unreal.
me seriously. I have my own legal risks to worry about.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE: P.S. Regarding Jim Choate's "speculations", as far as I know, you *do*
have "lots of guns and money". Why aren't you also giving him a pass for
restating what are presumably your own true statements? As far as being
"a dangerous person", well, that depends who one thinks is your target.

@_date: 2001-08-16 08:28:42
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE (censorware vs. privacy & anonymity) 
[regarding stool-pigeoning]
[Tim May] >>> to limit his testimony to statements of the form:
                                                   ^^^^^^^^^^^
[Seth Finkelstein] >> "Yes, I affirm under oath that the article is true"
[Tim May]
"The Government is not seeking any source material, ..."
"The limited purpose of the subpoena is to have you review two of your
published articles ... and have you verify that [Jim Bell] in fact
told you those things."
I followed your "form" in wording, I didn't think you meant exact quotes.
Now, certainly, it's not that he wanted to do it, or he was happy to do
it. But I really won't care how much he'll moan and groan and play the
violin if he does things to help create a trial involving *me*.
has proceeded from both you and Declan flaming me for one mildly
flippant remark about the philosophy of libercryptoanarpunkism?
are very evident, and it would be silly to deny them. In the past,
Declan did much to raise my legal risks of a lawsuit, in retaliation
for my not giving him confidential information. I am quite concerned
he will continue this pattern, and it is one of my largest worries in
doing activism now, of the type I just posted.
of plagiarism against Declan McCullagh. Bennett's account fits with my own experience of Declan's character. Declan has obviously not
been pleased with that. See the second Peacefire *press release* at
 "The general feeling has been that Mr McCullagh acted in an unprofessional
   manner regarding his article and in an immature manner when dealing with
   the feedback." [Matthew R. Pavlovich, the name might be familiar]
Ref'ed in: So who to believe? Declan is a fine chanter of rants, while in contrast,
I am Not A Libertarian. That should settle the issue right there.
anything which could turn into a legal situation. Call that feeling
whatever you wish. The difference between some flames on a rantfest
mailing list, and being jailed, just doesn't compare.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE:

@_date: 2001-07-20 21:43:52
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: The Story of the "8" in Jennifer 8. Lee 
Has the NY Times developed a quirky sense of humor? Or is the author
of this article really named Jennifer 8. Lee? The article is about
the demand for phone numbers with lucky digits in China. A man paid
$2,500 for 8889988 at a charity auction. Cell phone stores advertise
their best numbers.  Discounted numbers (ending with unlucky 4s) are
sold below cost. But there are customers who refuse to pay more for
lucky numbers. At any rate, Jennifer 8. Lee is looking for prosperity
in her byline, and it seems The Old Grey Lady is happy to play
along. It's not so grey anymore anyway with the color photos that
still take me by surprise. (Update: Turns out Jennifer just has very
cool parents! They wanted to give her a unique name, Jennifer Lee
being very popular. So 8. it was. I had done a search in the NY Times
archives for "Jennifer Lee" when I wrote the post to see if she
usually used the 8, but the search engine was too smart and didn't
return any "Jennifer 8. Lee"s, just "Jennifer Lee" in a few
places. But I should have searched for "Jennifer 8. Lee" to begin
with. Actually I should have remembered I've read plenty of her
8. bylined articles already. Thanks for the info, Seth Gordon!)  a
NATE PARSONS, ANNAPOLIS, MD
Some people have ask what is the deal with the Washinton Post's Metro
reporter Jennifer 8 Lee. Well here it is... Jennifer's parents are
from China, where there about 200 million people have the last name
"Lee." To impart a sense of individuality they gave her the middle
name "8," which has special meaning to the Chinese. It means luck,
good fortune, security and strength.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-07-20 22:04:21
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
you're going to find out what dismal *is*, during a Bush administration."
[And Matt's reply is:  They're both dismal.]
    Friday July 20 5:24 PM ET
Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime
    By BRIAN BERGSTEIN, Associated Press Writer
    MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP) - Calling computer security one of the
    nation's top problems, Attorney General John Ashcroft said Friday that
    the government is forming nine special units to prosecute hacking and
    copyright violations.
    Ashcroft said the new specialists will bring to 48 the number of
    prosecutors working on cybercrime in U.S. attorneys' offices.
    ``There are many people of poor and evil motivations who are seeking
    to disrupt business and government and exploit any vulnerabilities in
    the digital universe,'' Ashcroft said after meeting with Silicon
    Valley executives and venture capitalists.
    When computer crimes go unpunished, he said, ``It impairs the ability
    of the United States of America to remain in its position of priority
    in leading the world in the digital age.''
    The new prosecutors will work in cities with relatively high levels of
    cybercrime: Los Angeles, San Diego, Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Seattle,
    New York, Brooklyn, N.Y., and Alexandria, Va. The units will be
    modeled on the nation's first Computer Hacking and Intellectual
    Property squad, which began working out of the U.S. Attorney's office
    in San Francisco several years ago.
    That unit was created by U.S. Attorney Robert Mueller, whom President
    Bush has nominated for FBI director. Mueller attended Friday's news
    conference at the headquarters of VeriSign Inc., but did not comment.
    Ashcroft cited a study by PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLC that said
    businesses spent $300 billion fighting hackers and computer viruses
    last year.
    He said the government must be careful to help secure the Internet
    without hindering its development.
    ``There is perhaps nothing quite as distressing as the unintended
    consequences of well-intentioned government,'' Ashcroft said.
    While cybercrime is an expensive problem for the private sector,
    companies are often reluctant to report computer attacks to law
    enforcement authorities out of fear of negative publicity and concern
    that prosecutors don't have the technical savvy to solve the cases.
    Prosecutors in the nine units will try to forge relationships within
    the technology community, provide training for state and local
    prosecutors and encourage companies to come forward when they are hit
    by hackers, Justice Department officials said.
    Ashcroft would not comment on the case of Dmitry Sklyarov, a
    26-year-old Russian arrested this week in Las Vegas and charged with
    writing a program that unlocked encrypted software designed by Adobe
    Systems Inc. (NasdaqNM:ADBE - news) to protect electronic books.
    The FBI contends that is a violation of the 1998 Digital Millennium
    Copyright Act. Critics of the case say Sklyarov works for a legitimate
    company in Moscow that merely has a business dispute with Adobe.
    ``Taxpayer dollars are basically being used to do Adobe's dirty
    work,'' said Richard Smith, chief technology officer for the Privacy
    Foundation at the University of Denver. ``Frankly, I think they should
    be spending their time fixing the security problems he pointed out.''
    -
    On the Net:
    Justice Department: Copyright ï¿?2001 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.The information contained in the AP News report may not be published,
broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without the prior written authority of The Associated Press.
Distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-07-21 12:40:52
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on Monday 
that the First Amendment applies to people who merely REPEAT
(for profit) too many words you originally wrote as
speech that's part of a certain commercial transaction
(i.e. "copyrighted articles", which you are paid for). In fact, I can't look this up now, but I believe you've
posted to the cypherpunks list on this very topic
in the past. You want the government to punish people
who simply say too many words that you originally said.
Isn't that very inconsistent philosophically for you?
enshrined in copyright law:
Sec. 107. Limitations on exclusive rights: Fair use
(1) the purpose and character of the use, including whether       such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit       educational purposes; justify making your living from a government-granted monopoly
which infringes on free speech?
are going to try to use this tragedy to recruit people for silly
Libertarian ideology, I think consistency demands you apply the
same argument to your articles too. Have you changed your views
on this topic since I last saw them discussed?
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com

@_date: 2001-07-21 13:52:50
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on Monday 
definition of "protected". The problem is better rendered that
the courts have taken the view that the protection of
(intellectual) *property rights* trumps the free-speech concerns
here. There's a very revealing paragraph in the DeCSS decision
concerning this:
"Thus, even if one accepted defendants' argument that the
anti-trafficking prohibition of the DMCA is content based because it
regulates only code that "expresses" the programmer's "ideas" for
circumventing access control measures, the question would remain
whether such code--code designed to circumvent measures controlling
access to private or legally protected data--nevertheless could be
regulated on the basis of that content.  For the reasons set forth in
the text, the Court concludes that it may.  Alternatively, even if
such a categorical or definitional approach were eschewed, the Court
would uphold the application of the DMCA now before it on the ground
that this record establishes an imminent threat of danger flowing from
                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
dissemination of DeCSS that far outweighs the need for unfettered
communication of that program.  See Landmark Communications,
Inc. v. Virginia, 435 U.S. 829, 842-43 (1978)."

@_date: 2001-03-06 12:55:42
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Bruce Ennis, Seth Finkelstein, and Stephanie Perrin win EFF Awards 
have been honored as Internet luminaries, winners of the 2001
Electronic Frontier Foundation Pioneer Awards. The press release
below is also available on the web, at
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  Electronic Frontier Foundation Press Release March 5, 2001
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
    Monday March 5th, 2001
    ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION (EFF) PIONEER AWARDS HONOR INTERNET
    LUMINARIES
    Ennis, Finkelstein, and Perrin Presented Awards at EFF's Tenth Annual
    Pioneer Awards Ceremony
    Contact: Katina Bishop, Electronic Frontier Foundation
    (415) 436-9333 ext. 101 or
    (617) 492-1234 - during CFP from 3/5 - 3/9
    Monday, March 5, 2001, Boston, MA -- The ceremony for EFF's Tenth
    Annual Pioneer Awards will take place at the New England Aquarium on
    March 8, 2001, in conjunction with the Computers, Freedom and Privacy
    conference this week in Cambridge, MA. The online civil liberties
    group chose to honor Bruce Ennis, in appreciation of his lifelong
    commitment to the legal defense of free expression and the First
    Amendment; Seth Finkelstein, for his dedication to raising the level
    of public awareness about the dangers to free expression posed by
    Internet content blocking and labeling systems; and Stephanie Perrin,
    for her instrumental and long-term role in advancing understanding and
    protection of privacy internationally and in her home country of
    Canada.
    Since 1991, the EFF Pioneer Awards have recognized individuals who
    have made significant and influential contributions to the development
    of computer-mediated communications or to the empowerment of
    individuals in using computers and the Internet.
    Bruce Ennis - Described by the legal press as one of the most
    influential attorneys in the country, Bruce Ennis devoted much of his
    life and practice to defending intellecual freedom. Bruce argued many
    crucial First Amendment cases before the U.S. Supreme Court and lower
    courts, including the landmark free speech victory in ACLU v. Reno
    (the "Communications Decency Act" case). Sadly, Ennis passed away
    earlier this year, but his contributions to free expression on the
    Internet live on but his contributions to free expression and press in
    the Internet, news reporting, political and other spheres live on.
    Seth Finkelstein - Anti-censorship activist and programmer Seth
    Finkelstein spent hundreds of unpaid and uncredited hours over several
    years to decrypt and expose to public scrutiny the secret contents of
    the most popular censorware blacklists. Seth has been active in
    raising the level of public awareness about the dangers that Internet
    content blocking software and rating/labeling schemes pose to freedom
    of communication. His work has armed many with information of great
    assistance in the fight against government mandated use of these
    systems.
    Stephanie Perrin - internationally recognized privacy and freedom of
    information expert Perrin spent 5 years engineering Canada's inspiring
    new privacy law (PIPEDA), among 15 years of important privacy and
    cryptography policy work, and has bridged the government, nonprofit
    and commercial sectors in privacy technology, policy, standards and
    education. Perrin has also been involved in privacy protection issues
    at the global scale, on the OECD Security and Privacy Committee, and
    made signifcant contributions to understanding technical privacy
    protection issues.
    "We, as a community of people respecting rights in technology, do not
    take enough opportunity to honor our own," stated Shari Steele,
    Executive Director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. "Bruce,
    Stephanie and Seth are shining examples of the spirit and energy that
    makes good things happen. We're proud to present them with this year's
    Pioneer Awards."
    The judges for this year's EFF Pioneer Awards were: Herb Brody (Senior
    Editor, Technology Review) Whitfield Diffie (Distinguished Engineer,
    Sun Microsystems) Moira Gunn (Host, "Tech Nation", National Public
    Radio) Donna L. Hoffman (Associate Professor of Management, Vanderbilt
    University) Peter G. Neumann (Principal Scientist, SRI Intl.;
    Moderator, ACM Risks Forum) Drazen Pantic (Media & Tech. Director, NYU
    Center for War, Peace, & the News Media) Barbara Simons (past
    President, Association for Computing Machinery, & U.C. Berkeley
    Distinguished Alumnus) Karen G. Schneider (Technical Director,
    Shenendehowa Public Library, NY)
    The Tenth Annual EFF Pioneer Awards ceremony will be held on the
    evening of March 8th, 2001, at the New England Aquarium. The ceremony
    and reception are made possible by contributions from Guardent,
    Michael Golub and Mark Belden, MEconomy, Inc, Organic, Inc, Privada,
    Inc., and Sun Microsystems.
    For more information on EFF Pioneer Awards, see:
        For more information on the Electronic Frontier Foundation see:
      About EFF:
    The Electronic Frontier Foundation is the leading civil liberties
    organization working to protect rights in the digital world. Founded
    in 1990, EFF actively encourages and challenges industry and
    government to support free expression, privacy, and openness in the
    information society. EFF is a member-supported organization and
    maintains one of the most linked-to Web sites in the world:
      Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, 2175 Bayfield Drive, Columbus, OH 43229
(614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-03-20 01:25:52
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Gun activists have a stake against censorware 
[Feel free to forward to your list]
lawsuit against the Federal censorware law (CIPA). It's important to
understand that the reach of censorware extends to far more than sex.
Anyone who can be the target of a secret blacklist has a stake.  As a
small illustration, a quick check shows the censorware program
SmartFilter blacklists many gun-related sites under the category of
"Criminal Skills":
And  is considered "Extreme" (that's akin to obscene)
[It would be a good idea to do such a check before you send out this
message, because the blacklist may be changed after this is publicized]
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  EFF Pioneer: Anticensorware Investigations: Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, 2175 Bayfield Drive, Columbus, OH 43229
(614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-03-23 17:24:33
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Censorware ("Filtering"): It's not just for kids anymore 
The full text of the "Children's Internet Protection Act" can be found at
  . It's worth reading.
the law only concerns children (defined in the law to be "minors",
those less than 17 years old). In fact, that idea is quite false.
Every section of the law which has a requirement for "minors" is
followed by another requirement which is general or specifically
to adults.
     ``(C) CERTIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO ADULTS.--A certification under this
     paragraph is a certification that the library--
     ``(i) is enforcing a policy of Internet safety that includes the
     operation of a technology protection measure with respect to any of
     its computers with Internet access that protects against access
     through such computers to visual depictions that are-
     ``(I) obscene; or
     ``(II) child pornography; and
     ``(ii) is enforcing the operation of such technology protection
     measure during any use of such computers.
banning such material. It's not protected by the First Amendment.
However, the key point to understand is that the law does not say the
banning *must* be restricted to that material. Rather, it very
specifically disclaims elsewhere that it does not prohibit the
blacklisting of "any content other than content covered by this title".
censorware-makers, giving wide range to private, unaccountable,
secret, blacklisting. Consider SmartFilter's category description:
    Extreme/Obscence/Violence (ex)
    The extreme category includes URLs that may fall into other
    categories, but push the limits of acceptability. These URLs are
    typically extremely violent, gory, or horrific in nature and may be
    related to sex, bodily functions, obscenity, or perverse activities.
                                      ^^^^^^^^^
has a vague, elastic definition ("push the limits of acceptability"),
they have free reign here. In my SmartFilter report "I've Got A Little List"
  I called this
"Mother rapers, father stabbers, littering, and creating a nuisance"
varies from place to place (sometimes dramatically, from e.g.
San Fransciso to Memphis). It is difficult topic in law, and people
argue about it all the time. Turning over that judicial decision to
a private blacklister, who may then make it according to their own
agenda (or by a computer program), should offend every principle of
free speech and the First Amendment.
quite literally), and immediately all of the above is swept away
in the reaction which flows from that rhetoric.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  Anticensorware Investigations: EFF Pioneer: Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, 2175 Bayfield Drive, Columbus, OH 43229
(614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2001-09-04 07:52:23
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: BESS vs The Google Search Engine (Cache, Groups, Images) 
Available at: BESS vs The Google Search Engine (Cache, Groups, Images)
Abstract: This report examines how N2H2's censorware deals with
archives of large amount of information. Three features are examined
from the Google search engine (Cache, Groups, Images). N2H2/BESS is
found to ban the cached pages everywhere, pass porn in groups, and
consider all image searching to be pornography. The general problems
of censorware versus large archives are discussed (i.e., why
censorware is impelled to situations such as banning the Google cache).
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  BESS's Secret LOOPHOLE: Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at

@_date: 2005-12-31 02:41:57
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: "Cool Tools for Tyrants" 
Cool Tools for Tyrants
The latest American technology helps the Chinese government and other
repressive regimes clamp down.
By Derek Bambauer
"... Curbing market freedom to protect human rights inevitably limits
profits, an unappealing prospect in the best of circumstances. With
this no doubt in mind, companies argue that merely doing business with
repressive nations helps open the nations to democracy, free trade,
and human rights. Cisco CEO John Chambers said recently, "Anytime
you've got a good exchange of information, citizens benefit as a
whole." And Microsoft has argued that a censored Internet is better
than no Internet: Although the company's Chinese MSN Spaces web-log
software prevents users from writing words like "democracy" and "human
rights" in the titles to their postings, it encourages a central value
of democracy by promoting self-expression.
But there is little evidence to support these views. Despite China's
five million bloggers, the Communist Party remains firmly in control
of the nation and, for the most part, the Internet within its
borders. Iran's blogging community is perhaps the country's liveliest
political arena, yet the authoritarian Iranian government is stronger
than ever, especially after a resounding victory in February 2004
elections. Contrary to the utopian view that the Internet evades local
control, governments are proving adept at controlling the information
that their citizens receive and share. Market freedom does not
necessarily lead to personal freedom. We must at times limit the first
to safeguard the second; the right to sell must sometimes yield to
protect the right to speak."
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  Infothought blog - Interview: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-08-07 01:05:50
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: AOL Releases Search Logs from 500,000 Users 
AOL Releases Search Logs from 500,000 Users
[1]Adam D'Angelo - 8/5/2006
AOL just released the logs of all searches done by 500,000 of their
users over the course of three months earlier this year. That means
that if you happened to be randomly chosen as one of these users,
everything you searched for from March to May (2006) is now public
information on the internet.
This was not a leak - it was intentional. In their desperation to gain
recognition from the research community, AOL decided they would
compromise their integrity to provide a data set that might become
often-cited in research papers: "Please reference the following
publication when using this collection..." is the message before the
This is a blatant violation of users' privacy. The data is
"anonymized", which to AOL means that each screenname was replaced
with a unique number. "It is still a research question how much
information needs to be anonymized to protect users," [9]says Abdur
from AOL. Here are some examples of what you can find in the data:
User 491577 searches for "florida cna pca lakeland tampa", "emt school
training florida", "low calorie meals", "infant seat", and "fisher
price roller blades". Among user 39509's hundreds of searches are:
"ford 352", "oklahoma disciplined pastors", "oklahoma disciplined
doctors", "home loans", and some other personally identifying and
illegal stuff I'm going to leave out of here. Among user 545605's
searches are "shore hills park mays landing nj", "frank william
sindoni md", "ceramic ashtrays", "transfer money to china", and
"capital gains on sale of house". Compared to some of the data, these
examples are on the safe side. I'm leaving out the worst of it -
searches for names of specific people, addresses, telephone numbers,
illegal drugs, and more. There is no question that law enforcement,
employers, or friends could figure out who some of these people are.
I hope others can find more examples in the data, which is up for
[10]download over here. The data set is very large when uncompressed
which makes it pretty hard to work with, but someone should set up a
web interface so people can browse it (or even 10% of it) without
having to download the 400mb file. If you make a mirror or better
interface to the data, or find other examples, let me know and I'll
put a link up here.
This is the same data that the DOJ wanted from Google back in March.
[11]This ruling allowed Google to keep all query logs secret. Now any
government can just go download the data from AOL.
It's unclear if this is the type of data AOL released to the
government [12]back when Google refused to comply. If nothing else,
this should be a good example of why search history needs strong
privacy protection.
Thanks to Greg Linden for pointing this out [13]here.
Update 2: The md5 of the file AOL posted (and now removed) is
31cd27ce12c3a3f2df62a38050ce4c0a. I'm posting it so you can make sure
you have a valid copy, but so far none of the copies I've seen are
Update: Seems like AOL took it down. There are some mirrors of the
data in the comments of the digg story, linked below. I estimate about
1000 people have the file, so it's definitely going to be circulated
around. The [2]main AOL research page is still up, with some other
data collections. The [3]google cache of the download page is still
up, but you can't get the data. Here's discussion at other sites:
  * [4]siliconbeat
  * [5]techcrunch
  * [6]digg
  * [7]reddit
  * [8]zoli's blog
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  Infothought blog - Interview: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-07-06 11:58:20
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Swedish Police to censorware "Pirate Bay" as child porn site? 
[Can any IP'ers who read Swedish check out the comments in the post
thread, and indicate whether their story is credible or not? The abuse
of ISP censorware blacklists for "mission creep" is an obvious
slippery slope. But anything coming from a site which calls itself
"Pirate Bay" needs to be treated with some skepticism. One might
cynically conjecture about a tactic of releasing an alert on Friday
afternoon, knowing officials won't be around to deny it until Monday
morning, and by that time the Pirate Bay version will be echoing all
over the Net]
  "PRESS RELEASE: Swedish Police Shuts Down Pirate Bay - Again"
  Inskrivet av Nyhetsgruppen 6 juli, 2007
  This Friday, it became known that the Swedish Police Board will shut
  down The Pirate Bay, the popular file sharing site, by classifying
  it as a child pornography site in the blocklist that Swedish
  Internet Providers respect. Some time next week, an update to the
  blacklist will include The Pirate Bay.
  This means that anyone from Sweden visiting the well-known file
  sharing site The Pirate Bay will be greeted by a block page from the
  Police Board saying they're not allowed to visit child pornography
