
@_date: 2001-04-12 05:06:00
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Information Producers Initiative 
I thought you folks would be interested in the following initiative:
I am starting a project called the Information Producers Initiative.
I have pasted a draft of a basic position paper below.  I would like
very much if I could obtain comments on it, perhaps through this list
and/or other public fora.  It is a very general foundation on which
specific policy positions are meant to be based.
I am presently considering developing commentaries on HIPAA (a federal
law addressing medical records privacy) and the Tasini and Napster
I am specifically interested in obtaining any information regarding
other initiatives that might be similar to this, and what's been tried
and what happened to these initiatives.
I have set up a list for people who are interested in these matters. Subscription is by sending an email saying "subscribe C-FIT_Community"
to ListServ at realmeasures.dyndns.org.
Forward this message freely as you wish.
The text below is also available at: Thanks for your help,
Seth Johnson
Committee for Independent Technology
seth.johnson at realmeasures.dyndns.org
The Information Producers Initiative
A Project of the Committee for Independent Technology
The Committee for Independent Technology holds that a proper
consideration of information-related public policy must focus on what
the state of technology means for all citizens.
We believe that a well-founded understanding of the condition in which
citizens presently find themselves as a result of information
technology, should focus on one fundamental principle.
This principle is that information is used to produce new information. To put another cast on the same point, information that is accessible in
whatever form has never merely served the purpose of consumption.  This
may seem to be an obvious point, but when it is considered in light of
the new modes of public access that have developed, and the flexible
means of using information that are now at hand, one sees that this
principle is more important now than it may ever have seemed to be
In the past, only specific groups of people, engaged in specific types
of activities, had their interests assessed in terms of their capacity
as information producers.  The public at large has been treated as mere
consumers of information in many areas, with public policy reflecting
this tendency.
Now, however, we all have the capacity to participate in the development
of human knowledge, on a reasonably equal footing with all other
citizens, because of the forms of access to the public sphere that are
now available, and to the forms of information that may be found there,
by means of public communications networks such as the Internet.  This
puts us all in an entirely new position with respect to our abilities to
access, manipulate and produce information.
We may now manipulate information in a profoundly flexible way.  We may
quickly access any work that is available electronically on public
communications networks.  We may, with great facility, decompose any
digitized work into component parts.  We may manipulate, analyze,
synthesize, select and combine the conclusions, observations, discrete
facts, ideas, images, musical passages, binary bits and other elements
of any information in digital form.  We may efficiently produce useful,
meaningful and creative expressive works on the basis of this flexible
access to information.
But perhaps the most far-reaching way in which information technology
affects our condition as citizens, is in the fact that we may all now
distribute our information products to the public at large in a powerful
and convenient manner that obviates the need to rely on publishers and
other intermediaries who have traditionally provided public access to
information producers.
We must no longer allow our rights in the area of the access to and use
of information and information technology, to be regarded merely as
rights of consumption.  All citizens must assure that policy makers no
longer treat their interests in information merely with respect to their
capacity as consumers.  We must advocate for and guard our broader
interests as information producers in equal standing in the public
sphere, possessing essential powers and rights in the access, use and
communication of information.
The Committee for Independent Technology seeks to assure that the rights
and capabilities of all citizens are not undermined through public
policies that restrict the ordinary exercise of their rights to access
and produce information by flexible means.

@_date: 2001-08-29 02:16:25
@_author: Law 
@_subject: No subject 
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Organization: Real Measures
I'm sending this because I am looking for concerned individuals who
understand the importance of the following cause:
Content control is a dead end.
The legal tradition in copyright has always drawn a distinction between
facts and ideas on one hand, which nobody can own; and expression on the
other hand, which is what has been allowed to be copyrighted.  The thing
is, data elements are facts, whether they are part of an expressive work
or not.  Free speech, the use of information and the very purpose of
copyright are being revised by publishers and other "content"
stakeholders by means of "content" control measures, such as the
American Digital Millennium Copyright Anticircumvention Act, and the
provisions of the international TRIPS treaty.
Currently, a Russian citizen, Dmitry Sklyarov, is being prosecuted for
felony charges under the DMCA, for work he did in developing software
that decrypts the Adobe e-Book.
The Copyright Clause in the US Constitution is geared toward allowing
Congress to grant artificial monopolies ("exclusive Right" for "limited
Times" to "Writings and Discoveries") in order to "promote the Progress
of Science and useful Arts."  It does not grant copyright as a natural
right, and it does not provide for the superseding of free speech by
this power of Congress.
Do you agree that content control must not be allowed to enable
copyright to supersede our free speech right to process and distribute
We need outreach volunteers and coordinators who wish to help get the
word out about what is going on, and to build the constituency of those
who are affected by these developments.
If you agree that content control must not be allowed to enable
copyright to supersede free speech rights, then please contact me, or
subscribe to the C-FIT Content Control Outreach discussion list by
sending an email saying "subscribe C-FIT_Release_Community" to
ListServ at realmeasures.dyndns.org.
Seth Johnson
seth.johnson at RealMeasures.dyndns.org
Information Producers Initiative Basic Position Statement:
For Listserv Instructions, see Off-Topic threads: Need more help? Send mail to: Cyberia-L-Request at listserv.aol.com
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2001-08-29 02:16:25
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Outreach Volunteers Needed - Content Control is a Dead End 
I'm sending this because I am looking for concerned individuals who
understand the importance of the following cause:
Content control is a dead end.
The legal tradition in copyright has always drawn a distinction between
facts and ideas on one hand, which nobody can own; and expression on the
other hand, which is what has been allowed to be copyrighted.  The thing
is, data elements are facts, whether they are part of an expressive work
or not.  Free speech, the use of information and the very purpose of
copyright are being revised by publishers and other "content"
stakeholders by means of "content" control measures, such as the
American Digital Millennium Copyright Anticircumvention Act, and the
provisions of the international TRIPS treaty.
Currently, a Russian citizen, Dmitry Sklyarov, is being prosecuted for
felony charges under the DMCA, for work he did in developing software
that decrypts the Adobe e-Book.
The Copyright Clause in the US Constitution is geared toward allowing
Congress to grant artificial monopolies ("exclusive Right" for "limited
Times" to "Writings and Discoveries") in order to "promote the Progress
of Science and useful Arts."  It does not grant copyright as a natural
right, and it does not provide for the superseding of free speech by
this power of Congress.
Do you agree that content control must not be allowed to enable
copyright to supersede our free speech right to process and distribute
We need outreach volunteers and coordinators who wish to help get the
word out about what is going on, and to build the constituency of those
who are affected by these developments.
If you agree that content control must not be allowed to enable
copyright to supersede free speech rights, then please contact me, or
subscribe to the C-FIT Content Control Outreach discussion list by
sending an email saying "subscribe C-FIT_Release_Community" to
ListServ at realmeasures.dyndns.org.
Seth Johnson
seth.johnson at RealMeasures.dyndns.org
Information Producers Initiative Basic Position Statement:

@_date: 2001-12-14 23:08:13
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: The MS DRM Patent and Freedom to Speak and Think 
In his November 6 essay "You're Free to Think,"
Dave Winer comments that whatever else happens in the
ongoing, increasing trend towards policing of the public's
right to use information and information technology, we are
still left with the freedom to *think* for ourselves.  He
seemed to me to be offering this comment as a bare source of
solace against the government's increasing intent to control
the prospects of communications technology.
Microsoft's favorable treatment of late caused him to wonder
what kind of deal Bill Gates must have worked out with the
Bush Administration.  He wondered what Microsoft might have
given the government in return for the highly favorable
terms of the settlement that's currently on the table in the
court proceedings against the company, for monopoly
practices in the operating systems arena.
He commented specifically on the current ramifications of
Microsoft's increasing position of power in the operating
systems market:
Now, it has just come to light that Microsoft has been
awarded a software "patent" for a "Digital Rights
Management" operating system.
This development shows us exactly where we stand now. Microsoft doesn't have to offer anything to the government;
it has only to hold possession of a patent covering the
"DRM" elements of its latest OS, thereby providing an almost
absolutely assured trajectory toward establishing the terms
by which the public's ability to communicate digital
information will be controlled.
Please see the message I am posting below, from the CYBERIA
email list, which quotes from the patent.
The real kicker is right here:
The ability to use information freely is now going to be
policed at the most intricate level, in the name of
exclusive rights and to the detriment of the most
fundamental Constitutional principles of our society.
Whereas the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution assures
that every American citizen has the full right to freedom of
speech, we see here the ultimate legislative and technical
trappings by which the public will be demarcated as mere
information consumers.
Facts and ideas are not contraband and may never be
copyrighted or otherwise constrained under the terms of
intellectual "property," whether they are bound up in an
expressive work or not; and the computer is a *logic* device
that now sits on nearly every citizen's desktop -- it is
*not* a consumer appliance.  From both the standpoints of
speech and thought, so-called digital "rights management" is
a utterly desolate *dead end.*
Whether we speak of the constituent pieces of expressive
works, or the nature of the computer itself, so-called
digital "rights management" marks the beginning of a grand
rollback of the means by which the promise of our
participation in and advancement of civil society have
lately been greatly augmented.
Rather than facing the simple, plain truth that the power
given in the U.S. Constitution for Congress to grant (or
deny) to authors and inventors "exclusive right" to their
works, was intended to cover products that do not
intrinsically bind up the very means of communication and of
our participation in civil society, we instead are
experiencing a social condition wherein monopoly interests
exploit the fluidity of logical products to evade the very
terms of antitrust law and to assure that the public's
ordinary rights do not gain purchase against their
interests.  Antitrust law is all about competition in a
particular product, but software is as amorphous in its
possibilities as our own vaunted power to think.  Thus
Microsoft easily maintains it is not in the browser market,
competing with Netscape; it is, rather, in the market for
"innovative operating systems."
We are now seeing just how "innovative" that operating
system can really be.
If we do not confront the ludicrousness of the idea of
holding a patent of this nature, and the outrageousness of
our courts' failure to confront the truth about what holding
market power in the field of informatin products really
means, we will soon be free to speak and think -- only so
long as we don't use our computers to do it.
Thus, in the name of exclusive rights, Microsoft is serving
old world publishing interests, acting by means of legal
fictions to assure that citizens who seek to further the
prospects of information technology, will be inexorably
locked into the role of information consumers, blocked from
exercising their own tools in full accordance with the
rights that our Constitution supposedly guards.
We are *all* information producers, whether we manifest this
as a routine, inalienable part of the ordinary rights we
exercise in our everyday lives, or whether we engage
ourselves in the present, increasingly desperate and furtive
struggle to guard commercial interests by restricting the
use of information delivered in digital form.
We have always been information producers, and we must not
accede to the interests of those who do not regard the
public at large as full and equal citizens, but rather as
mere consumers.
Seth Johnson
Committee for Independent Technology
December 14, 2001
Information Producers Initiative:

@_date: 2002-08-10 00:43:01
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
TCPA and Palladium are content control for the masses.  They
are an attempt to encourage the public to confuse the public
interest issues of content control with the private interest
issues of privacy and security.
Seth Johnson

@_date: 2004-12-09 14:28:34
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Don't Let the RIAA Put the Net at Risk! 
Don't Let the RIAA Put the Net at Risk!
Tell the FTC that the Internet is Peer to Peer, It is Ours, and
We Intend to Keep It!
Please forward this notice to any other concerned parties you may
Please tell the FTC not to allow a few rich cartels and
monopolies such as the RIAA, MPAA and Microsoft to put the
Internet at risk:
What's Going On:
The FTC has issued a call for participation announcing a workshop
on "P2P Filesharing" technology to take place in Washington, DC
this December 15th and 16th.
An RIAA-sponsored CapAnalysis paper submitted to the FTC, calls
for an investigation of "P2P Filesharing" applications for
deceptive practices that affect the privacy and security of
users, subjecting them to such risks as adware, viruses, exposure
to undesirable material, impairments of computer function, and
last but not least, liability to charges of copyright
infringement. Congress is also calling the FTC to investigate
these products.
We call all those who know the Internet is a common good, who
make productive use of it and who develop applications for it as
a regular part of their daily lives, to join us in telling the
FTC what the real sources of these risks are.
Please tell the FTC not to allow a few rich cartels and
monopolies such as the RIAA, MPAA and Microsoft to put the
Internet at risk:
Get On the Bus!
We are organizing a caravan of concerned citizens to travel to
the nation's capital and defend our rights and powers against the
RIAA, the MPAA and Microsoft.
When we arrive:
    * We will call the FTC to protect Internet users by acting
against a few rich cartels and monopolies that impede innovation
and access to robust solutions, choice, transparency and control.
    * We will call the FTC to focus their attention on the real
sources of the risks in question, and to respond to them
    * We will pose the question to the FTC of how they can
distinguish the applications they have selected for consideration
at this workshop from the multitude of applications of the
Internet and the ordinary functions of operating systems now in
use on millions of interconnected desktops across the planet.
    * We will press the FTC to explain what risks are actually
unique to the applications they have singled out.
    * We will call the FTC to separate copyright matters from
consideration of the private interests of computer owners.
    * We will call the FTC to refer copyright policy to the
appropriate body, the United States Congress.
Please submit comments to the FTC here:
Please contact us to let us know you will join us in this action
and to offer your assistance with travel, lodging and sustenance:
The FTC "P2P Filesharing" Workshop:
The CapAnalysis/RIAA Paper:
House and Senate Members Urge FTC Action Against P2P:
In Praise of P2P:
New Yorkers for Fair Use - DRM is Theft!  We are the Stakeholders!
New Yorkers for Fair Use
[CC] Counter-copyright: I reserve no rights restricting copying, modification or
distribution of this incidentally recorded communication.
Original authorship should be attributed reasonably, but only so
far as such an expectation might hold for usual practice in
ordinary social discourse to which one holds no claim of
exclusive rights.
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-11-17 01:28:27
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Seth Johnson: Request for the P2P Workshop at the FTC 
Below is my request to participate in the FTC's Workshop on "P2P
Filesharing," details of which may be found at:
Request to Participate
Federal Trade Commission
Peer to Peer Filesharing Workshop
Including Comments and Recommendations
Seth Johnson
I have been a developer of database software since the 1980's,
and presently offer professional consultancy services in
information quality improvement. My clients have included the
Illinois Department of Agriculture, Sony Music, Bertelsmann, and
Affinity Health Plan.  I am also an advocate and organizer in
areas of information freedom. Working with New Yorkers for Fair
Use and other groups, I have worked to promote the interests of
innovation in information technology for many years, including
such areas as patent policy at the World Wide Web Consortium,
content control in the broadband Internet, the broadcast flag,
software patents, and other issues.  At the Internet Commons
Congress in March 2004 ( I worked
with Daniel Berninger, New Yorkers for Fair Use and others to
bring together advocates for many different areas so that they
could better coordinate their activities and concerns.
A matter of some concern regarding the FTC's workshop on "P2P
filesharing technology" arises from its usage of the term "P2P"
or "peer to peer." Observing that Napster's centralized data
servers were a legal target, some Internet users declared that
the use of a central server was unnecessary, because the
decentralized architecture of the Internet was inherently not
subject to the legal theory behind the charges levied against
Napster. As a result, downloadable applications like KaZaA,
Grokster and Gnutella took on the label "P2P" to distinguish them
from Napster, when in fact the ability for any computer to
directly communicate with any other is built into the Internet
infrastructure. In addition, the facts that these applications
allowed users to open up access to their directories, and that
they presented lists of files which users could select to
initiate transfers, have often obscured the fact that the
applications themselves do not transfer the files, and that the
ability to give other users access to local directories is a
feature built into ordinary operating systems.
This is why "P2P filesharing" is not an appropriate name to
describe these applications. These applications simply provide
the same function that Napster provided with a centralized
server: the ability to find files on the Internet. They are
decentralized search engines. They do not perform the file
transfers and they do not themselves make peer to peer possible.
They allow users to implement a search engine that is distributed
across many machines, and the Internet itself does the rest.
The description of "P2P filesharing applications" presented in
this workshop's call for participation offers nothing to
distinguish KaZaA, Grokster or Gnutella from the basic functions
of the Internet and ordinary, generally used operating systems.
It also makes no mention of the core functionality that these
applications actually do provide: search and discovery of the
locations of files. Sharing files among a group of users is a
basic network capability that operating systems and networks
already provide.
Among the goals presented by the FTC for this workshop are
learning about P2P, including how it works, and discussing
self-regulatory, regulatory, and technological responses to a set
of risks which the workshop associates with these
consumer-friendly decentralized search engines. I suggest that
the testimony of those who designed the Internet and those who
exercise its basic functions as a matter of their daily
productive lives, will provide a stronger framework for
understanding the real nature of these risks. One name that
should be recommended is David Reed, one of the original
architects of the underlying infrastructure of the Internet. He
is well-prepared to comment on the relationship between the
architecture of the Internet and the capacities for innovation
for which it provides. Another name that might be considered is
Bram Cohen, the author of BitTorrent.
A cursory survey of Sourceforge.net will show a great variety of
projects whose authors can testify to their dependence on the
peer to peer architecture of the Internet, and to the fact that
accessing and distributing of files among peers is an unalterable
component of their work.  The participation of voices
representing development projects such as these is a critical
consideration for this workshop.
Discussion of consumers' private interests should not be confused
with copyright issues. Even greater risks ensue when discussions
of filters, privacy, security, adware, viruses, exposure to
undesirable material and impairments of computer function are
mixed with copyright issues. The result of addressing copyright
concerns in the manner of protecting private consumer interests
can only be that both copyright and innovation will suffer.
Technological developments that affect the capacity of
individuals to publish, use, and develop new uses for information
will often signal new issues for copyright policy, issues which
touch on areas that are necessarily out of the scope of the FTC's
mandate for rulemaking or promulgating norms.
In particular, among the risks mentioned in the workshop's call
for participation is that of exposure of end users to liability
to charges of copyright infringement. Addressing this risk within
the conceptual framework that the call for participation appears
to exhibit, and in terms of the kinds of responses that it cites
for consideration, can reasonably be expected to lead to a very
limited understanding and an encouragement of prescriptive
responses that are not well-advised.
More fundamentally, addressing copyright issues within this
conceptual framework will result in owners of computers and
makers of applications losing their capacity to develop and make
use of their computers and the communications infrastructure.
It may be that the structure that the workshop will eventually
take is to some extent exhibited in the questions presented in
the call for participation and the way it contemplates certain
risks with regard to consumers' use and understanding of the
features of decentralized search applications. Inasmuch as this
is true, it would be advisable to adjust the structure of the
workshop to more precisely reflect the nature of the subject
matter. The scope of the questions should also be expanded and
adapted to admit a proper examination of the relationship of the
risks to the nature of the technology and the interests of
flexibility and innovation; and I would urge the FTC to adapt the
conceptual framework and format of the workshop to reflect this
purpose more greatly.
Opportunity should be provided to describe the architecture of
the Internet and how it fosters innovation, and to more precisely
define the nature of the applications that are the focus of the
workshop.  The set of questions on uses of "P2P filesharing"
technology should be expanded to admit testimony of those who
develop Internet applications.
The questions listed in the set addressing the impact of "P2P
filesharing" on copyright holders would in fact warrant an
extensive process of public inquiry in themselves.  Many of these
questions address areas that do not pertain specifically or
solely to the consideration of the impact of peer to peer
technology on copyright holders.  The FTC would be well advised
to report on the areas alluded to by these questions separately
and extensively.
The sets of questions addressing identification and disclosure of
risks to consumers should be adapted so that the nature and
source of the risks are not misconstrued, and so that a more
encompassing understanding of the sources of the risks and of
prospective solutions can be developed. The questions as a whole
exhibit a narrow focus on a set of applications whose
characteristics are not properly recognized and understood. The
set of questions addressing technological solutions should be
decoupled from a narrow focus on specific applications that
provide decentralized search capabilities, and should be expanded
to admit a broader analysis.
The solutions currently identified in the call for participation
do not appear to provide for a well-designed response to the full
scope of risks and implications elicited by this workshop's areas
of consideration.  One major source of these risks that some will
mention is the undue influence on the market and on copyright
policymaking of interests such as market dominant software
manufacturers, publishers and the recording and motion picture
industries.  Monopoly interests in the operating system arena in
particular interfere severely with consumers' access to,
understanding of and choices with respect to software that can
provide far more robust protections than they generally make use
of presently.
I would greatly appreciate the opportunity to participate in this
workshop as a panelist.  I also offer to help in advising as to
the structure of the workshop and appropriate participants.
Above I have mentioned David Reed and Bram Cohen.  Voices I can
mention in particular as offering constructive and appropriate
insight for this proceeding include the following.  I mention
them in many cases without specific knowledge of their interest
in participating, or of their having actually requested to
Jay Sulzberger, New Yorkers for Fair Use, jays at panix.com
Brett Wynkoop, Wynn Data Limited, wynkoop at wynn.com
Michael Smith, LXNY, mesmith at panix.com
Miles Nordin, Developer/Systems Administrator, carton at Ivy.NET
Dan Berninger, Technology Analyst, dan at danielberninger.com
Adam Kosmin, WindowsRefund.net, akosmin at windowsrefund.net
Andrew Odlyzko can provide rigorous empirical analysis and data
that are highly pertinent to the subject areas addressed by this
Andrew Odlyzko, University of Minnesota, odlyzko at dtc.umn.edu
The following are just a few people who can represent specific
development projects:
Kevin Marks, MediAgora, kmarks at mac.com
Lucas Gonze, Webjay, lgonze at panix.com
Bram Cohen, BitTorrent, bram at bitconjurer.org
The following are good leading voices who would make significant
contributions to this workshop:
David Reed, SATN.org, dpreed at reed.com
Bob Frankston, SATN.org, rmfxixB1 at bobf.frankston.com
David Isenberg, "The Stupid Network," isen at isen.com
Richard Stallman, The GNU project, rms at gnu.org
David Sugar, Free Software Foundation, dyfet at gnu.org
Fred von Lohmann, Electronic Frontier Foundation, fred at eff.org
Gigi Sohn, Public Knowledge, gbsohn at publicknowledge.org
Robin Gross, IP Justice, robin at ipjustice.org
Chris Hoofnagle, Electronic Privacy Information Clearinghouse,
hoofnagle at epic.org
Nelson Pavlosky, Free Culture, npavlos1 at swarthmore.edu
Thank you,
Seth Johnson
Committee for Independent Technology
(SNIP Contact Information)
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2009-04-22 09:46:40
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] ISOC-Philippines on Pirate Bay, Dr. Potel 
ISOC-Philippines statement on the jail sentence for The Pirate Bay
founders and the criminal charges against philosophy professor Horacio
By isoc-ph, on April 20, 2009, 2:05 am
The Internet Society Philippines (ISOC-PH) Public Policy Principles
and activities are based upon a fundamental belief that The Internet
is for everyone. ISOC-PH upholds and defends core values that allow
people throughout the world to enjoy the benefits of the Internet.
Recent developments, however, demonstrate an alarming growth towards a
license culture on the Internet, imposed by the criminalization of
those whose culture and society advance creativity, innovation and
economic opportunity through the values of openness, sharing,
education and collaboration.
Philosophy professor Horacio Potel from Argentina is facing criminal
charges for maintaining a personal and educational website devoted to
Spanish translations of works by French philosopher Jacques Derrida.
A court in Sweden has found the four men behind The Pirate Bay, a
file-sharing website, guilty of breaking copyright law and were
sentenced to a year in jail and ordered to pay $4.5m ( in damages.
The Ability to Share is one of ISOCs core values. The many-to-many
architecture of the Internet makes it a powerful tool for sharing,
education, and collaboration. It has enabled the global open source
community to develop and enhance many of the key components of the
Internet, such as the Domain Name System and the World-Wide Web, and
has made the vision of digital libraries a reality. To preserve these
benefits we will oppose technologies and legislation that would
inhibit the freedom to develop and use open source software or limit
the well-established concept of fair use, which is essential to
scholarship, education, and collaboration.
We will also oppose excessively restrictive governmental or private
controls on computer hardware or software, telecommunications
infrastructure, or Internet content. Such controls and restrictions
substantially diminish the social, political, and economic benefits of
the Internet.
The wire-tapping, searches and seizures, the removal of website
content and the criminal charges against professor Potel of the
University of Buenos Aires is an onslaught on human rights and
academic freedom in Argentina and on the Internet.
The police seizures of servers, the enormous bill for damages and the
jail sentence on Frederik Neij, Gottfrid Svartholm Warg, Carl
Lundstrom and Peter Sunde is a defiance of the social and cultural
institution of file-sharing in Sweden and on the Internet.
ISOC-PH founding member and lawyer Michael Dizon writes, Putting
greater emphasis on the development of social or community norms and
how people can actively participate in the creation of these norms 
may be more advantageous in advancing creative culture than resorting
to contractual agreements. Ideally, laws (and the licenses that seek
to enforce rights based on these laws) should embody and uphold the
norms and values of a community, and not the other way around.
As founding president of the newly rejuvenated ISOC-Philippines
Chapter, I would like to dispute some of the statements being made
regarding the Pirate Bay trials, in particular, by John Kennedy,
Chairman and CEO of the International Federation of the Phonographic
Industry. Mr Kennedy says,
This is good news for everyone, in Sweden and internationally, who is
making a living or a business from creative activity and who needs to
know their rights will protected by law.
In keeping with the ISOC-PH mandate, I find it offensive to the
diversity of cultures on the Internet the claim that the global model
of copyright protection being imposed upon the developers and users of
the Internet is good news for everyone.
I also find it hard to accept the sincerity of Mr Kennedys statement
about making a living or a business from creative activity. In fact
only a handful of media corporations have effectively taken over what
used to be a very diverse field of creative activity.
Such a process of consolidation and privatization has created gross
inequality between artists and the big media corporations: relations
between artists and recording companies are replete with exploitative
contracts and bitter legal struggles for control; and royalties and
other earnings from copyright constitute only a fraction of the income
of most active professional artists.
The Pirate Bay trials and the criminal charges against professor Potel
are a threat to academic freedom and free speech, and they undermine
the Internet core value of the Ability to Share. If we envision a
future in which people in all parts of the world can use the Internet
to improve their quality of life, then freedom, and not a license
culture, must be obtained for professor Potel, the Pirate Bay
founders and the Internet communities of sharing.
ISOC-PH calls on all Internet citizens to demand freedom.
Fatima Lasay
Internet Society Philippines Chapter
Quezon City, Philippines
April 20, 2009
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com

@_date: 2009-03-06 10:24:25
@_author: Seth Johnson 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Webcast Tonight: 25 Years After the AT&T Breakup 
(Sorry for this one further notice -- webcast will be available. --
