
@_date: 1995-12-18 10:23:30
@_author: sethf@MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Oklahoma University: Is this legal?... 
think the problem is
 computer system was therefore a "public record" (since the computer is
"owned" by the public), and thus had to be accessible by law.
ago, the policy will make a legal statement that e-mail is running on
state property, Colaw said. He said the policy is not an invasion of privacy."
legally required, and perhaps violates the ECPA.
Seth Finkelstein
sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 1996-04-29 02:23:34
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Guardian angels, the decency brigade, and 
thinking of getting a SafeSurf rating for a few pages as an experiment,
so this "patrolling" is pretty interesting:
Suppose you check out a site and find it is in your opinion not
"kidsafe". What do you do in that case? This is not clear from your message. are you not substituting your own standard? After all, in reference to
Declan McCullagh's point about the fight-censorship archives, you say:
"Why ask?  Clearly a site with a message like this would not be suitable for
children to read.  That would be an adult site rating."
seems in this case be roughly "any archive which contains any message
with any sexual content, no matter what the context or proportion, does
not qualify as "kidsafe" in the CyberAngels view."
"voluntary" one, and the one the CyberAngels apply to the site? Only if
the two coincide will all be well. Thus, is it not reasonable to ask
that the CyberAngels at least make clear their criteria? I collect items
such as this (ratings systems), I would be very interested in what the
CyberAngels have come up with.
Seth Finkelstein
sethf at mit.edu
P.S. I don't know if you're a recent recruit or not, but Curtis Sliwa
has a checkered history at best. Given the fabrications in the Angel's
past, what can we expect in their future?
       AUTHOR: Goodstein, Laurie
        TITLE: Guardian Angels' Chief Clouds His Reputation
       SOURCE: Washington Post
   SEC,PG:COL: A, 3:1
         DATE: Nov 29, 1992
     ABSTRACT: Curtis Sliwa, founder of the Guardian Angels, has admitted                that some of his 1980s exploits were fabricated to get                publicity.
      AUTHOR: Gonzalez, David
        TITLE: Police Union to Sue Sliwa over Hoaxes
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: B, 6:6
         DATE: Nov 26, 1992
     ABSTRACT: Ron Reale, the president of the New York City transit police                union, said Nov 25, 1992 that his group would file a lawsuit                against Curtis Sliwa, the founder of the Guardian Angels, on                the grounds that he had injured the union's reputation by
               for the Guardian Angels.
       AUTHOR: Gonzalez, David
        TITLE: Sliwa Admits Faking Crimes for Publicity
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: B, 1:4
         DATE: Nov 25, 1992
     ABSTRACT: The Guardian Angels' founder and leader, Curtis Sliwa,                admitted in a New York Post article on Nov 24, 1992 that he                faked six of the group's early crime-fighting exploits to
               gain publicity.  Some former and present associates contend                that even more of the group's activities were publicity                stunts.
        TITLE: Curtis Sliwa's Confession
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: A, 32:1
         DATE: Nov 27, 1992
     ABSTRACT: An editorial wonders why so many New Yorkers got taken in by                Curtis Sliwa, the Guardian Angels' leader who recently                confessed that he and his Angels fabricated several exploits                in order to gain public support.

@_date: 1996-02-04 03:10:09
@_author: sethf@MIT.EDU 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
set us all off arguing. DON'T FEED THE TROLL.
Seth Finkelstein  				sethf at mit.edu
Disclaimer : I am not the Lorax. I speak only for myself.
Freedom of Expression URL

@_date: 1996-02-25 02:34:12
@_author: sethf@MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Internet shutdown Feb 29? 
it whatsoever.
how to use the MIT on-line directory by    finger help at mit.edu MIT, that I know about.
Seth Finkelstein
sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 1997-05-02 17:10:26
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Good Thing--"Crypto For The Masses" 
pre-CDA. Virtually all the lobbying groups would run around saying
things like "we support this bill, but oppose this provision". Or
convoluted stuff like "We oppose all these bills, but of the measures
being considered, we support this one".
Seth Finkelstein
sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 1997-09-10 16:01:50
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
Telephony debacle to have been lived down yet. I certainly don't have
a lot of faith that the people who brought us that are going to do any
better nowadays.
told they didn't "support" it, but "it could have been worse".
what point will you start calling for megaphones and marches
(metaphorically). If the answer is "never", well, I think that settles
just how much of a factor you'll be.
Seth Finkelstein
sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 1997-09-12 15:42:51
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
more accurate.
me here, you've got to believe it :-).
means very roughly ONLY that one believes that the government has some
role to play in moderating the excesses of the market. It does not
particularly *make* you a civil-libertarian. However, because Liberals
think about general social power and the abuse of it, they are very
often led to the civil-libertarian view. In the opposite direction,
sometimes they just want power themselves. It is with great regret
that I must debunk the myth that being a Liberal makes you a saint (it
only seems that way in comparison to everyone else around ... :-) )
ranks of those who are the targets of both public and private
abuses. So they often both favor government action against business
abuse, and strong civil-liberties guarantees to keep government power
in check. It is *possible* to be a Conservative civil-libertarian, but
this much lesser group, and has in the past decades very much been purged
from the Republican party by the theocrats and hence from the national scene.
are civil-libertarians, but civil-libertarian opposition will almost
always come from Liberals (read this sentence several times until you
understand it. I get so tired of people attacking the strawman that
all Liberals are civil-libertarians, nyah, nyah, look at e.g. Dellums).
The Fundamental Problem in American politics is GET-A-MAJORITY. It
is not "be a constitutional scholar", it is not "construct and defend
the most rigorous argument for your position in terms of axiomatics from
first principles", it isn't even "know what you're talking about". It is
GET-A-MAJORITY. "Mr. Stevenson, you've got every thinking man's vote!". He replied
"That's not enough, I need a majority."
by throwing widows and orphans out into the street, it still works.
What matters is how many dollars are made, not people affected. This
is why Liberals view a population-based civil system as a necessary
constraint on the imperatives of capital. Because ultimately we're
people, not dollars.
intrinsically minority-rights, anti-majoritarian concepts such as
civil-liberties. Any politician ignores this at great peril. Thus,
Liberals who don't have to be elected can be a lot more vocal
civil-liberties supporters than those who need to GET-A-MAJORITY.
Thus even Liberal, civil-libertarian politicians may *vote against
their principles* (do I hear gasps from the peanut gallery) because
of electoral imperatives.
problem. The surviving government will just have a very good excuse for
the crypto-barricades in the future. Is it because I'm a
Big-Brother-loving government-worshipper? No, not at all. I was
thinking today about what I could do on the issue. And I came to the
conclusion that I'm basically so crippled and exhausted as a
net.activist that I shouldn't do more (general statement, but set off
by this particular topic). I can't stand a huge number of the people
I'd have to work with, and I just don't have the patience and energy
to keep pounding grains of understanding into them, it's like filling
a sandbag with tweezers. But don't you dare assume support for crypto
restrictions from that, it's rather coming to the point of being
completely fed up with the drain of electronic activism on my life.
Seth Finkelstein
sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-02 02:52:15
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions 
testified and provided quite a bit of evidence in the Carl Johnson trial:
this current testimony count, but not the last time Declan did that?
following question has been bothering me for a while:
repression, why ever say a single word to a person who will likely be
a key prosecution witness at your trial? At some level, I don't get it.
chants the correct rants. Is that all that matters? Testifying for
the government in criminal prosecutions is considered just a minor
character flaw in such an ideologically lovable fellow-soul?
in this case: Declan's authorship of the articles is not in dispute.
The prosecution wishes to use them as evidence. In order for them to
do so, they have to put Declan on the stand, and he has to testify
not that he authored them, but under penalty of perjury, that they
are accurate. Now, the prosecution would like nothing better for
Declan to say "Yes, they're true so help me God, good-bye!".
US legal system allows the accused to challenge evidence against him.
The defense attorney is going to want to impeach Declan's credibility
(this is not hard to do :-)). He'll likely get up and say something along
the lines of 'Mr. McCullagh, you're a sensationalist journo-monger,
aren't you? You provoked my client into outbursts of meaningless
rhetoric, which you then hyped-up to peddle your papers, didn't you?"
(not in quite those words, of course)
want to be cross-examined by the DEFENSE. Not the prosecution, do you
get it, the DEFENSE:
   "The prosecutor has informed counsel for McCullagh that McCullagh will
    be asked only to verify the accuracy of statements by Bell that are
    included in the Articles. Bell's counsel, however, has made clear that
    cross-examination will not be limited to published information, and
    Bell might seek testimony regarding a variety of areas that Bell
    thinks will be helpful to his defense."
           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    ...
   "Requiring McCullagh to testify, even if it is very limited on
    direct examination, creates an impermissible burden by necessarily
    exposing McCullagh to the risk of an intrusive cross-examination
    that will interfere with McCullagh's current and future newsgathering."
makes very clear that his fear is the cross-examination, which stems
from the Sixth Amendement right of an accused to confront witnesses.
This couldn't be further from a police state or Star Chamber.
prosecution be given all the evidence it wants, but the defense be
hamstrung trying to impeach the credibility of that evidence. Yet
no-one who might, ah, be strongly affected by such a tactic in the
future, seems to be going through the roof about it. There's no
screaming he's in bed with the Fed, he's a stool-pigeon, he's a
collaborator, etc. etc. Granted, there's some unhappiness. But look,
he's moaning and groaning and minting reputation-capital about the
basic fact that he's being a witness for the prosecution in a criminal
trial! (again!)
1) Why now? Why didn't you stop talking after the Carl Johnson trial?
2) In general, why does anyone trust him given all I've outlined above?
articles about the inhumanity of it all, and then everything will reset
to be repeated in the next criminal trial where he's a prosecution witness.
evidence presentation, that whether Declan testifies or not right now
will make no difference in my estimation of him and as to whether I'd
advise anyone to "cooperate with his newsgathering efforts because he
is trustworthy and independent". My own views were formed long before
this particular case, and based on seeing how callously he treated the
legal risks of myself and other programmers (but that's another story).
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-02 19:36:48
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions  
It is addressed to the reputational implications of testifying as a
witness for the prosecution in criminal trials (past, present, and future).
against the DEFENSE. You are not being asked by the prosecution to do
anything but validate your articles under oath, in court, so they can
use those articles as incriminating evidence.
*principled* objections" and a plane ticket get you to Tacoma.
It's an excellent legal motion, in terms of serving the interests
of the client. But the interests of the client and the interests
of the person facing years in jail aren't the same at all. And that
is manifest in the portion where the Court is asked to give the
prosecution its evidence, but severely limit the defense's ability
to attack the evidence via cross-examination.
somehow seems to *increases* the reputation-capital of the person
being a prosecution witness in a criminal trial, to a group where
many seem to think a police state is always around the corner (if not
here already).
contrary to the defendant's interests. It's spelled out in great legal
detail in his motion, and I summarized it colloquially.
If-[he]-didn't-do-it-somebody-else-would ? Generally, this doesn't
work very well for the person who did do it. That is, is the situation
that he doesn't "develops a reputation as a turncoat", no matter how
many criminal trials he appears as a prosecution witness, if he just
complains mightily about doing it? It's what he *says*, not what he
*does*, which is determinative?
should not do, according to my views. Nor again is this an issue which
has formed my own opinion of him. But it is a great mystery to me how
he seems to always come out ahead for being a government prosecution
witness, in the regard of many people who are supposedly under government
prosecution risk, when all is said and done (especially done).
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-02 23:18:27
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions  
care to try to separate out the question I'm asking, from a personal
moral criticism. That is, I'm not making a moral criticism of you. I'm
asking why, logically, other people aren't making a moral criticism of
you according to their framework. Because there's something here I
just don't understand. Granted, it's a bit subtle, and I'm not likely
to get a candid answer on-list. But for reasons of my own, it's been
bothering me much over the past months. And since John Young already
threw me into the flaming-pit, I thought I'd give the question a try
in public.
a) It's what you would do, and often standard practice in your articles.
b) You don't understand how I think about legal risk, since it's all
a game to you.
[See, I'm very clear when I am criticizing you _per se_]
how you hated to do it, you fought every inch of the way. This was
your strategy to battle the horrible actions forced on you by the
jack-booted-thugs, and defend Free Speech, the First Amendment, Common
Law, and the Freedom Of The Press. I'll stipulate all of that. And
you're a Libertarian and I'm not, too! It all would be a distraction
from my question.
motion. They are fine client-advocacy. I went through it all
to talk about the interests of the prosecution vs. defense.
criminal prosecution, showing up as a prosecution witness is regarded
very poorly by people who wonder if they might be next. They tend to
hold that against you, no matter what your reasons. In fact, even if you have what's objectively a very good reason, often people will
not accept it.
likely about to do it at the second such criminal trial. And you seem
come out of it each time with *greater* reputation-capital.
person for what you're doing. Actually, I'm not. I'm trying very
carefully to stay away from such implications. I just don't understand
how you end up with a higher reputation among some of the very people
you might be testifying against in the future.
some level?
A few chants of "Free Huey!" (or, here "Free Market!"), often go a long
way. But still, there's a limit, which is usually exceeded the first
time you show up in the witness box. A second time boggles my mind.
collaborator". No. Rather, I'm asking "Why doesn't Declan get
flamingly denounced as a collaborator?". Not because I want to imply
you should be. Rather, because I'm trying to understand why it isn't
happening. Again, I know, it's a journalistic technique to coyly ask a
question when the real goal is to imply the assertion, to get the idea
into play. *Shrug*. All I can say is that I don't operate that way,
and I think I've shown it given I state my objections very directly.
becoming a defendant, I hope you will understand why I want you *far*,
*far*, away from me. It's not because of your politics. It's because
you're a hazard to one's legal health. And again, this is not based on
this case. But rather, your actions in retaliating via abusing your
lists and journalistic position to get back at people, and your
arrogance in fanning the flames of lawsuits against programmers
(e.g. your initial coverage and contemptuous messages to the
developers involved in DeCSS/LiViD), are a sterling example of
where "the interests of a defendant and journalist may diverge.".
vis-a-vis your divergent interests.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-03 00:29:12
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions  
a similar criminal prosecution would ever say a word to me again.
Moreover, I'd be flabbergasted if they remained friends with me.
trying to understand the reasoning behind it. I do not believe this
country is on the verge of a police state. Nor do I expect to be of
Federal criminal interest for any sort of gun or violent offense. This
is a key difference.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-03 01:52:04
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions  
Bell's messages are part of the Federal Complaint.
with Jim Bell, where you claimed he made incriminating admissions,
then wrote-up and posted the results, the prosecution would in general
be just as willing to have you testify as a witness as they would an
"official" journalist. You could test this :-).
around, from the Carl Johnson trial. And there's no government
"fishing expedition" here. The prosecution has set out exactly the
evidence it's seeking. Or were you referring to this part of the motion?
  "Put simply, Bell's likely cross-examination of McCullagh will be a
   fishing expedition in its purest form. The "mere hope" of obtaining
   exculpatory evidence is not sufficient for enforcement of a Rule 17
   subpoena."
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-03 16:35:50
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions 
his testimony is useful to the prosecution? It's a key part of the
Federal Complaint. I was going to ask if you think the prosecution got
a subpoena signed by the Attorney General himself just for giggles, but
that's actually been answered. It's not "exciting" testimony, but then
a lot of trials are very boring ("Where were you on the night of the
12th?" "I was by myself", etc. etc.).
because we have functioning Constitutional due-process rights,
generally that testimony has to be in open court. And the defense gets
a chance to confront the accuser. That's just how it works. Now, the
defense could agree not to oppose Declan's testimony, but that would
be foolish of them (in my view).
*prosecution* is fishing for something. NO. Their evidence is
specified already. They want Declan in and out of court as fast as
possible, and wouldn't have him in court at all if they could avoid
it. It's exactly the fact that they can't avoid having him in court
which is causing the headache. Because the Sixth Amendment says a
defendant has certain rights, and those are not being waived here.
functions. If we didn't have Sixth Amendment protections in it, none
of this would be happening!
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-03 21:14:15
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Bell Trial Day 1/2 
every single one of them is false.
1) Jim Bell was arrested November 17 2000
2) He was charged under U.S.C. Title 18, Section 2261A "Interstate stalking"
4) That became law Sept. 23, 1996.
5) Nor is this trial the first application of the law
now. But your source is feeding you paranoia and cypherbibble. Please
take that into account when evaluating anything further from said source.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-03 21:42:33
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Bell Trial Day 1/2 
There was an *addition* to interstate stalking law 2261A on 10/28/2000
which involved electronic communications (106-386), that seems to
have been the basis of 1 (one) (uno) (00000001) of 3 (three) (tres)
(00000011) later counts of interstate stalking against Jim Bell.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-04 04:22:43
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk?  
the above, you'd know that there is no secret and no mystery: John Young
forwarded private e-mail of mine to the list, and requested that I
make any other comments about the case not private, but public. Under
the circumstances, I didn't take offense from his concern, and was
willing to do as he wished. After all, I'm not the one in jail.
Or even a person testifying to put someone in jail. It's not a big deal.
 I've been following the Jim Bell
case off and on, and more closely since you were subpoenaed. Amusing
anecdote: At the start of CFP 2001, I was telling someone not to trust you,
that you "use" people, and they should avoid you at all costs. I said:
"Declan writes stories encouraging people to be sued, and then he writes
about the lawsuit". I could see they were dubious of my account. After
the subpoena, I said with a grin: "Remember what I told you? *BINGO*".
I figured that as long I was de-lurked, I might as well ask a question
which for reasons of my own, has been on my mind much over the past
months. I didn't/don't understand why people who apparently feel
themselves at risk of serious Federal criminal prosecution, tolerate
someone who in the end sings like a canary every time he's called to
be a prosecution witness. Note it's not about what I think you should
have done, or how I'd judge it morally. I don't go around talking about a police state and overthrow of governments (even via cryptoanarchy).
I don't think I might be next on the defendant list in these sorts
of situations.
where there is real live revolution in the air, doing what you just
did is the sort of thing which runs the peril of being found one day in
a parking lot with a burning tire around your neck and wearing a sign
reading "I am a collaborator". I should hasten to add that I would oppose and denounce finding you in a parking lot with a burning tire
around your neck and wearing a sign reading "I am a collaborator".
It's bad for free speech :-). But the fact is, that's what can happen.
(at least that's apparent). And the irony of that, is this case (_per se_)
isn't even a reason I think so poorly of you. No-one else even seems to
hold a grudge (well, maybe Jim Bell does, but that's it). You come out
of it smelling like roses. I'm trying to comprehend how you do it.
Liberalism or "anti-cypherpunk".
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu  P.S: The best URL for that essay is now
P.P.S.: Repeat, kindly stay *far*, *far*, away from me in a situation where
I have a significant chance of becoming a defendant. I hope you understand.

@_date: 2001-04-04 05:13:41
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions 
[re-arranged for clarity]
James A. Donald wrote
  "41. On November 11, 2000, an article about the search warrant at
   BELL's residence was published by Wired News. The article stated that
   in an interview, BELL acknowledged that he had shown up at the homes
   of suspected ATF agents  ..."
information not found elsewhere. Moreover, consider juries will be
much more comfortable with witness testimony of the sort where someone
claims the defendant admitted culpability to them in person, rather
than mailing-list messages. You may disagree with this, but again,
that's the way the system works in terms of winning cases.
Declan into court if they could have avoided it. The Sixth Amendment
issues forced them, and the Justice Department rules meant they had to
get approval from the Attorney General. This is covered in both their
messages and the motion to quash the subpoena. The prosecution was very
clear that if they could have avoided a personal appearance, they would
have. And a reason for that, is they ran a risk Declan would have disowned
his articles on the stand. Their nightmare was something like this:
"Jim Bell? Isn't that some sort of exhibit in Philadelphia? Never heard
of him. Articles? I write lots of articles. Don't remember the details
of them all. I can't attest to my hazy and vague recollections with the
solemnity needed in a court of law, to put a man in jail".
him from doing this sort of "reporting" in the future. They love it. He
gave them solid evidence, with *no* *cross* *examination*. That's a
jackpot. And the people possibly next on their list maybe still trust him!
They have got to be drooling over what a great resource they have with
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-04 05:45:14
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
than "newcomer".
extremely tired of endless Libertarianism mailing-list debates anywhere.
more time on the issue than I should have. Declan's past conduct has
played a significant role in my own thoughts about legal risk from
free-speech activism. Ao my strong feelings led to me write more
than perhaps was best.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-04-06 02:58:11
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Criminal Trials Aren't Playgrounds (was Re: Sethy needs ...) 
telephone or visit me or you're subject to subpoena.". Well, I decided
to take that risk. I haven't been subpoena'ed yet. He didn't warn me
"Don't send me any private e-mail, or I'll try to get you publicly
flamed and denounced for that". Again, under the circumstances,
there's no point in taking offense, and it's not big deal.
I in fact spent quite a bit of time assembling some information which I
thought would be helpful to him in his concern that Jim Bell get a fair
trial. I have tremendous respect for John, but that hardly means I agree
with everything he says. In particular, Jim Bell's defense attorney
appears to be someone doing the best he can in a difficult situation. And
concluding that the attorney's, e.g. "bedwetting with the feds" seemed
to me extremely unjustified. At the very, very, least give the guy a
chance to tell his side of the story. I'll repeat some references where
Leen has defended similar cases:
that Jim Bell has a top-rated, experienced, lawyer provided to defend him.
made privately, constitute (in your view) an attack that needs defending.
how to improve the prospects of the defense, then maybe, just maybe,
it's not the smartest idea to do it where the prosecution is certain to
read it.
not because I'm trying to set you up. Rather, to me, ironically people
who may be next on the Fed's list are more problematic than the Feds.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-03-04 21:44:25
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: [references!] Why Not debate "network externality"-path dependence? 
debate among the quasi-spam of the cult proselytizing:
[EH == Economic History]
EH.Res: FORUM: Path-dependence
EH.Res: Forum: More on QWERTY
See particularly an article by one author debunking some L-M "debunking"
"I have considerable sympathy with the criticism by L&M that some of the
arguments for path dependency have been based "on poorly documented
evidence that dissolves upon closer inspection." But their account in
JLEO of this particular history is subject to the same critique."
[Richard S. Rosenbloom, Harvard Business School, for credentials]
"Path dependence and the quest for historical economics:
one more chorus of the ballad of QWERTY by Paul A. David"
"At last, a remedy for chronic QWERTY-skepticism! by Paul A. David"
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at sethf.com  Latest essay: What Happened To The Censorware Project (censorware.org)

@_date: 2001-03-31 17:20:50
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: CDR "Educating" the Defense about Cypherpunks 
thoughts. I didn't suggest that the defense attorney try to preach to
the court. My suggestion was it would be helpful to a fair trial for
him to understand some of the background. Because (from what I read), he
seemed to be very much at sea with what he's been given. I could be
wrong, but it was merely a private suggestion to someone who seemed
very concerned about the case (sorry John, not trying to tar you). To
ordinary people, this might even be stating the obvious.
suggestion that the defense attorney should rant at the court. Which
is very revealing about the "ideology and outlook".
fact, if the defense attorney DOES NOT understand the background,
it seemed it might help for him to know it.
versa." While it's an overstatement to say that Bell REPRESENTS your
views, I'd say it's extremely useful to understand those views of yours.
The number of times you, personally, have talked about who "needs killing",
is amazing. In fact, "needs killing" is virtually a running joke.
"It's all fun and games, until someone's eye gets put out" (or someone
takes it too far, and gets arrested). Now, I know the automatic flame
in response to this. Does that mean you, or anyone else, are
responsible for what Jim Bell did? Not at all. However, if someone is
the defense attorney, it sure can be useful to understand some of
Bell's bombastic statements in the context of the violent rhetoric
whichs acts like an "Amen" sometimes. That's "understand", not
"consider responsible for", got it?
focused on the technical details in relation to the case. If Bell's
overall actions are examined, it look a lot like he's soliciting
murder of Federal agents. Maybe his implementation wouldn't be
anonymous, and wouldn't pay off. Hypothetically, trying to soliciting
murder anonymously and failing, and not paying, aren't mitigating to
the crime involved.
I've never met Jim Bell, never had any contact with him (personal or
e-mail), and don't want any. Nor, for what it's worth, am I an agent
of the Federal government, nor connected with the prosecution in any way,
shape or form, nor have any interest there. I did feel some sympathy
for the defense attorney Robert Leen when reading some messages. Oh,
and I go way back with Declan McCullagh, I can't deny that.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu

@_date: 2001-03-31 17:51:32
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: CDR Re: Robert Leen, and getting Jim Bell a fair trial 
not "no private e-mail", but
    "Remember, do not e-mail, telephone or visit me or you're
     subject to subpoena. Same for tarred Declan, or anybody else
     pissants Choate and Leen are eager to CDR."
at high risk of being subpoena'ed (that's simply my calculation).
like that is hard to address, but I've always thought that getting
huffy about it would be counter-productive to any disproof.
the case, and I don't claim to be. That's a reason why I sent my
comments privately, rather than making a public issue.
*public* postings, finding them interesting, and doing some more reading
of my own, I thought you were probably being very unfair to Robert Leen.
But I really had no desire to get into a long debate with Tim May or
similar. That's not cowardly, that's rational.
is being monitored or subpoena'ed, note I'm not hiding my face. Private
advice seemed to be sensible. Or at least that was my view of it.
Seth Finkelstein  Consulting Programmer  sethf at mit.edu
