
@_date: 1994-05-25 18:16:02
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: MacPGP interface project 
I saw the question, but no reply. I did have some problems that caused me
to miss cypherpunks mail for a few days after that. Was there a reply on
the list? In any case, I too would like to know what is the story with
source code for MacPGP. In fact, the latest version executable I've seen is
2.3v1.0.5. From Black Unicorn's quote, it seems that there are sources
available for that version and executables for 2.3a v1.1. If that's true,
where can I find them? Is anyone applying the patches for 2.6
 -- sidney markowitz

@_date: 1994-05-26 04:53:32
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: (fwd) FBI Digital Telephony Wiretapping a Done Deal?? 
jpp at jpplap.markv.com (Jay Prime Positive) said:
Weekly magazines are displayed on newstands for more than one day and are
labeled with the end of their expected display period so that potential
customers will not think that they are out of date. Similarly, people who
have subscriptions should receive the magazine before the date on the
cover. I guess news is like milk: You get it before the expiration date
that's printed on the label.
 -- sidney markowitz

@_date: 1994-05-28 15:18:13
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Email Stalking on CNN 
Jeff Davis  said:
I think that there's an aspect to this that people are missing. I've been
told that there's a big flame/discussion happening on WISEnet (Women In
Science and Engineering mailing list) about a recent article in Newsweek
which portrays women on the Internet as being intimidated by the technology
and the net traffic, going so far as to show pictures of women at their
pink computers. People on the mailing list are upset over the underlying
message of the article that the net is technological and male and no place
for a poor helpless unscientific woman.
The CNN report seems to have the same message. It doesn't matter to them
that there exists technology to prevent "e-mail stalking", whatever that
is. The whole story doesn't match most people's experience of e-mail,
anyway. The point is not to present facts, but to perpetuate the culture
that relies on CNN for information rather than wider and more free
alternatives represented by the Internet.
I admit that I did not see the report, and I am not questioning the
reporter's intentions or objectivity. This is a comment about the broader
messages that make the commercial news media worthy of funding by corporate
and governmental powers. The relevance to cypherpunks goes beyond the fact
that anonymous remailers can prevent "e-mail stalking". It has to do with
what is newsworthy when information is set free.
 -- sidney markowitz

@_date: 1994-05-29 19:25:46
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Email Stalking on CNN 
carterm at spartan.ac.brocku.ca (Mark Carter) said:
And if my grandmother had wheels she'd be a bicycle. But she doesn't, she
isn't, the article isn't a portrait of people who aren't on the net and it
isn't an accurate portrayal of anything (according to people who, unlike
me, have read it).
Every article that I've ever read in Newsweek and Time that was on a
subject with which I had first hand experience had wild inaccuracies. I see
no reason to try to find some truth in this article, as that likely would
be a pointless exercise.
More to the point of this mailing list, if anyone out there is a member of
the U.S. version MacPGP development group at qwerty, are you all in the
process of upgrading MacPGP 2.3a to play with 2.6, or providing a version
to MIT so they can release a street legal PGP for the Mac? And if not, why
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-05-30 05:48:50
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: MacPGP2.6 (was Re: Email Stalking on CNN) 
Yes, I noticed the smiley, but I would like to point out that the name
"sidney" is ambiguous regarding both gender and sexual orientation, and the
statement is ironic given that almost half of Apple's PowerMac OS team,
including the person in charge, is female. (I have no statistics as to how
many of the team members would have girlfriends vs. boyfriends).
Anyway, back to the topic:
I do my hacking in Macintosh Common Lisp, not at that level. But if there
is any information you need for MacPGP that I can find out for you by
tracking down people within Apple, if Apple doesn't consider it
confidential, e-mail the questions to me directly and I'll see what I can
do. Be sure to give me enough detail in the question so that I can
understand what it means and how to ask it. I'm still pretty much a Mac
novice, although I would like to change that.
Hmmm... I haven't looked much into the crypto stuff built in to System 7
Pro. Would that stuff you're talking about for PGP 3.0 integrate it in well
enough that the existing 7 Pro facilities for mail encryption and digital
signatures could be used to produce PGP compatible output? That would be a
real win, letting Apple deal with user interface issues.
I guess that the state of MacPGP is relevant to the cypherpunks list, but
followups regarding your questions to me can drop back to private mail.
 -- sidney markowitz     SK8board Punk Rocket Scientist      [not speaking for Apple!]
    Advanced Technology Group           voice: (408) 862-4319
    Apple Computer, Inc., M/S 301-3D    fax: (408) 974-8414
    1 Infinite Loop                     AppleLink: SIDNEY
    Cupertino, CA 95014                 Internet: sidney at apple.com

@_date: 1994-05-31 11:12:24
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: http://digicash.support.nl = NULL 
[Harry Bartholomew wrote about problems accessing digicash web page via lynx.]
It looks to me like the web page requires Mosaic forms support. I could see
a little bit more than you did using MacMosaic, which shows the pictures
but doesn't support forms. It was a bit confusing, since I could see a
number of entries for things with prices next to them, such as $5 for the
e-cash software and $0.25 for "information". I couldn't tell how you are
supposed to get either of those without either the software or at least the
information. Maybe someone who has X or Windows Mosaic can tell us more
about what's there. I sent e-mail to the info e-mail address that the page
mentioned and got back the following. (I sent just the word "info" in the
subject and body of the message.) What I find strange about it is that it
looks like an automated reply, but it is asking me to reply as if the mail
will be read by a human. Another interesting thing about it is that Chaum
does not include consumers in his list, just people who are interested in
selling products or clearing money.
After reading all of the copies of the digicash press announcement that
were sent to this list, I'm a bit hesitant to post this, but what the heck.
Following is the reply I got back from info at digicash.nl:
[begin quote]
 Date:      Tue, 31 May 1994 14:51:25 CET
 From: info at DigiCash.nl ("DigiCash Information")
 To: sidney at apple.com
 Subject:   ecash-info
 Thank you for your interest in our electronic money technology.
 Because of all the reactions we have received, we have made available
 some background information on our Web server
         If you prefer, we would of course be pleased to provide similar
 information by electronic or paper mail.
 In any case, we plan to be keeping you informed of developments by
 email. It would be helpful for this purpose, if you could let us know
 more about the nature of your interest, and at least which of the
 following categories fits best:
    (a) potential acceptor of electronic cash for services offered
        over the network,
    (b) potentail provider of electronic cash service itself to other
        network service providers,
    (c) member of the press, or
    (d) interested in the technology for other purposes.
 We are looking forward to finding a way that we can work together.
 Very kind regards,
 David Chaum
 Managing Director
[end quote]
