
@_date: 2000-09-15 09:02:35
@_author: T. Bankson Roach 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
"Jodi Hoffman"  sez:
This is EXACTLY why nobody should try and censor their free speech!
There are too many people who would say nobody could be sick , crazy, or
despicable enough to advocate grown men having anal sex with an 8 year
old boy. Let NAMBLA have their Web site so people can see just how
disgusting they are. The purpose of free speech is to make us aware of
what people REALLY think and feel. That's always good. What if people
had known that butchers like Mao Tse Dung, Joe Stalin, Pol Pot and their
ilk, really DID think it was OK to butcher millions? Then maybe a few of
those damn fool left leaning dilberts would have thought twice before
lining up to follow these butchers. As for Hitler, well it isn't because
he didn't have the guts to tell people EXACTLY what he had in mind for
various groups of people. So what is the liberal's idea of how to deal
with this? Yes, it's to censor Mein Kampf! Then people can't read for
themselves Hitler's outspoken plans and beliefs. At least Hitler was
destroyed; the three communists I just mentioned are still held in
reverence by millions of leftwingers across the globe. They still try to
cover up their brutal plans with silly crap about the beloved "masses".
Of course we now live in the gutless wimpy age of the politically
correct, so what can you expect. Nobody today dare say that cramming
your penis up another man's feces filled ass might not be a good health
plan during the AIDS epidemic, which they are horrified to admit started
as a direct result of such filth covered "fun". Now people fear earning
the pervert's wrath.
Does anybody with half a brain not realize that is exactly why NAMBLA is
taking an activist approach? As soon as Hollywood churns out some
"stars" who advocate sex with boys, or babies, well far too many of the
public will soon be demanding the right to assault the children. Why, it
won't be long before they say it should be the right of the pervert to
marry the child. The "gays" are living proof of how Hollywood, liberals,
and perverts can convert what were once considered a horrible sickness
to an idealized and respected life style.
Today, if you kill somebody the liberals want to know why. If it's a fag
killing a Nazi, he might get a pass. If it's a Nazi killing a fag,
forget the trial and lynch them, whoops, make that sue them! As the
great George Orwell once said in Animal Farm, his lampoon of leftist
twaddle, "Everybody is equal, but some are more equal than others"
[sic?]. I am sorry to say that if allowed to present their beliefs, it
is possible that NAMBLA might win win the favor of today's brain dead
public. Well, so be it. Nobody with half a brain ever said we shouldn't
suffer the consequences of our own idiocy.
America used to be about free speech. It was at one time considered one
of the great principles that separated us from the other nations. In
England, a country we wisely separated ourselves from, you are now
forbidden to send an encrypted message to a friend without fearing
imprisonment if you fail to provide the government with the "key" to the
message. Screw King George. Real freedom of speech  means you can scream
"fire" in a crowded theater. People should look around for smoke and
flames and, if present, then proceed in an orderly fashion for the exit.
Instead, the new idea is to deny the fire and burn quietly.
Sorry, it's time to go watch Will and Grace. Can't happen here? It
already has. Repeat after me "Four legs good, two legs bad!"
Tom Roach
