
@_date: 1997-12-02 02:29:20
@_author: Spam Man 
@_subject: Spammernomicon 
Selected passages from Spam-Bot: A Technical Manual for Independent
Spammers. It is my opinion that the professional spammer fills a need in society
and is, at times, the only alternative for "personal" anonymity.
Moreover, if my advice and the proven methods in this book are followed,
certainly no one will ever discover your identity.  Almost every man harbors a fantasy of living the life of Dimitri Vulis
or some other fictional hero who spams for fun and profit. They dream of
living by their knee-jerk reflexes, of doing whatever is necessary
without regard to moral or legal restrictions. But few have the courage
or knowledge to make that dream a reality. You might be like my friends -- interested but unsure, standing on the
sidelines afraid to play the game because you don't know the rules.
[But] within the pages of this book you will learn one of the most
successful methods of remailer operation used by an independent spam-bot
operator. You will follow the procedures of a man who works alone,
without backing of organized crime or on a personal vendetta. Step by
step you will be taken from research to equipment selection to job
preparation to successful job completion. You will learn where to find
employment, how much to charge, and what you can, and cannot, do with
the money you earn. But deny your urge to skip about, looking for the "good" parts. Start
where any amateur who is serious about turning professional will start

@_date: 1997-11-23 18:59:13
@_author: SpookMaster 
@_subject: Anti-Grav? 
Nice try, but few are likely to believe the obvious lies of an
anti-social psychopath who tore a page out of a phone book at
a public telephone booth in southern Utah on Jan. 3rd, 1997.
  Neither are the Cypherpunks list members likely to listen to
the ludicrous claims made by Tim May (who wipes his ass with
his left hand), Willam Geiger III (who has an unmatched blue
sock in his bottom, right-hand dresser drawer), or Dimitri Vulis,
whose name I have thrown into the mix merely to denigrate the
reputations of the others by guilt through association.
The SWAT team piling into the armored vans at this very moment
*love* this list!
