
@_date: 1997-12-06 06:28:09
@_author: Rick Smith 
@_subject: Please Beta test my communications cryptography product. 
Actually, it's more fun to beta test the product concept than it is the
product itself, especially since I don't use Windoze these days.
First of all, the product Kong is not solving the same problem PGP was
designed to solve: PGP follows the classic approach to e-mail encryption,
with certificates to address MIM and personal authentication issues. Kong
only concerns itself with individuals' cyberspace identity. But there's
something appealing to this simplifying notion, and I'm interested in
anything that makes crypto easier for people to understand and use.
I admit I can't figure out what crypto mechanism Kong is really using since
there's obfuscating talk of passphrases and secrets. But I can see how I'd
do it with conventional public key mechanisms. The 123 byte (or whatever)
string included in the message would incorporate a digital signature over
the message plus the public key used to produce the signature. Thus, each
message contains an internal integrity check. Recipients also would be able
to compare the public keys used to sign two or more messages allegedly from
the same recipient and verify that they were signed by the same entity.
(technical nit: I'd prefer to put the PK in a special message header field
and only stick the digital signature data in the message body, like PGP).
Since Kong does not use certificates, it is vulnerable to the Man in the
Middle (MIM) attack and indeed to forgery. However, I also suspect that the
behavior of a long lived cyberspace identity would make a MIM attack
detectable and/or impractical in the long run. If John Doe consistently
includes a public key in his web site, messages, and postings, then
recipients have a relatively independent way to validate the key being used
in a message allegedly from him. The public key is literally associated
with the cyberspace identity and its "reputation capital." Since no third
party is attesting to the identity, you could argue that it's exclusively
established by the holder's cyberspace reputation. This is an interesting
Key revocation remains a problem, as with any PK system. The key holder
essentially starts over associating reputation capital with the new key.
This could be weird (but the topic of an interesting tale) if the revoked
key was actually disclosed to an adversary and actively used in forgeries.
As mentioned above, I haven't used the produt itself. But the underlying
concept may represent a practical subset of classic e-mail security.
smith at securecomputing.com                Secure Computing Corporation
"Internet Cryptography" at  and bookstores

@_date: 1997-06-23 23:52:11
@_author: Rick Smith 
@_subject: Garbled in transmission. 
At least Harry Houdini made it look easy when *he* cracked state of the art
security technology...
smith at securecomputing.com      secure computing corporation
"Internet Cryptography" soon in print

@_date: 1997-05-09 06:17:11
@_author: Rick Smith 
@_subject: Clinton Admin. to announce new Crypto regs 
These "new" regulations "to be issued" are scrambling to catch up with
previous and current practices. It doesn't change things at all.
When they issued the new export regulations in January, the glaring hole
was the absence of an explicit exception for the financial industry. Under
the customs that evolved around ITAR, you could get an export license for
strong crypto as long as the overseas customer was a financial institution.
This announcement is simply a public acknowledgment that the BXA will look
favorably on export requests to banks and that someday they'll try to draft
specific regulations on the subject. Meanwhile you do it by grinding
through the bureacracy.
Export permission for strong crypto that only encrypts financial data is
clearly a variant of this tradition. They already granted export permission
for one vendor of such a system, so I'm not surprised they're planning to
make up a regulation to cover it.
smith at securecomputing.com

@_date: 1997-05-10 03:13:45
@_author: Rick Smith 
@_subject: Clinton Admin. to announce new Crypto regs 
Interesting. That's inconsistent with what was said in the NRC crypto
policy report. The report stated or at least implied that any commercial
crypto equipment could be exported for sale to a financial institution,
though it had to get an export license. (sorry for imprecision, I don't
have my copy handy).
You seem to be suggesting that the licenses were consistently denied or
permanently delayed for stronger crypto. I can believe it -- a bureacracy
can hide lots of unwritten rules behind a poorly documented licensing
procedure. I personally don't know of an example of stronger crypto being
exported to an overseas financial institution.
However, you're probably right in saying this is a big improvement for
commercial software doing strictly financial crypto. If the BXA produces
similar rules to those they recently drafted, then some types of products
will indeed be easier to export. OpenMarket et al took a risk when they
took on the bureacracy to try to get an export license based on what looked
like an acceptable practice. I agree it must have been an ugly process to
go through, and would be vastly improved by explicit regulation.
smith at securecomputing.com      secure computing corporation

@_date: 1997-10-15 05:21:13
@_author: Rick Smith 
@_subject: proposal: commercial data recovery 
It should be clear by now that privacy is not the only security objective
sought by customers of information security products, nor even by all
customers of crypto products. Practical users rarely pursue privacy at all
costs, nor do they pursue accountability and traffic visibility at all
costs. Many must find a balance between two fundamentally conflicting goals.
Regarding the practical uses of e-mail key disclosure, let me include one
from the guard/firewall world that I haven't seen mentioned yet:
We've been shipping products since 1994 that scan the contents of e-mail
messages and reject contents that violate specified filtering criteria.
Sites use it to block importation of viruses or other inappropriate
attachments, and to block the export of improperly released information.
Most of these systems have been sold to the government and use the Message
Security Protocol to encrypt data. The system rejects messages that don't
contain an extra key so that the firewall can scan message contents.
This violates the assumed requirement that the contents of an e-mail
message must not be viewed by anyone except the message's author and
However, it's a security trade-off that some organizations want to make for
certain applications.
PGP's key recovery protocol isn't the perfect solution, but it would help
resolve a big problem. To send mail through these systems, the users must
be trained to include the firewalls as message recipients -- this produces
a copy of the symmetric key encrypted with the firewalls' individual PKs.
If a user forgets, then the message can not pass through. The PGP approach
of warning or demanding another PK token would help solve that problem at
least in simple cases.
ObPolitics: Personally, I think it's too soon to tell if PGP's
implementation would benefit the FBI in its pursuit of wiretapping keys. At
most it might resolve whether such mechanisms are in fact a practical
technology. I'm not yet convinced.
Also, if commercial sites have already co-opted PGP's recovery key for
their own uses, it's not clear that the FBI will be able to use it for
clandestine investigations. If they approach the site's IS managers to
acquire copies of the firewall keys, there's a good chance a rumor will get
back to the people being targeted for surveillance. Also, I believe the
overhead for separate eavesdropping keys would produce too clear a sign to
everyone that the FBI is listening. There is no precendent for such a thing
and even if it's adopted temporarily I doubt it will persist. People will
notice, it it will make them mad -- it will show them that the FBI is
indeed under everyones' bed. Even the FBI can't stand up against broadly
based grassroots pressure. Of course, I've been wrong before about politics.
smith at securecomputing.com           Secure Computing Corporation
"Internet Cryptography" now in bookstores

@_date: 1997-10-16 00:44:55
@_author: Rick Smith 
@_subject: proposal: commercial data recovery 
It's not a feature of 5.5, it's a separate activity that relies on the
presence of a third party key. The actual inspection occurs at a security
choke point like a firewall. That way the tests are applied consistently
regardless of mistakes made by clients in software installation or
You noted that it might in fact be possible to get the same result with a
more GAK resistant implementation, and I agree. For example, if the
principals all update their public keys fairly often, then there's no
relatively key that's easy to escrow. The practical version of forward
secrecy, as it were. I have no objection to that. As far as I can tell,
there's nothing intrinsic in the current PGP proposals to prevent such an
Concerning your other examples, I agree that there are ways to trade off
between degrees of GAK sensitivity and various customer security
objectives. However, this whole discussion revolves around the fact that
people rely heavily on off the shelf solutions, and there aren't the right
tools to do everything you're suggesting. I'd like to see things in the
crypto marketplace be as flexible as possible. Just because a few provide
some features that could in theory be applied to GAK doesn't IMHO mean that
those will manage to prevail. A diverse marketplace of crypto devices is
essential for it to flourish -- one that gives every customer the flavor
they want. That way the general public will develop a working understanding
of it. And we'll all learn what really works and what doesn't.
Let's face it, crypto is at about the same stage as cars were when Henry
Ford started building them. We really know as much about how crypto will
change the future as he did about the effects of cars. We can't start
engineering in governors to restrict our speed, or be restricting our
designs to governor-proof transmissions.
I regret I'll have to bow out of this discussion because I'll be on travel
for a couple of weeks. Have fun everyone.
smith at securecomputing.com           Secure Computing Corporation
"Internet Cryptography" now in bookstores

@_date: 1997-10-16 02:27:48
@_author: Rick Smith 
@_subject: Just say "No" to key recovery concerns...keep OpenPGP pure 
While I think that a variety of robust and successful products will proably
emerge that support various types of key recovery, I strongly agree with
Tim on engineering grounds: Keep It Simple, Stupid.
When it comes to deciding on the contents of a standard, let's keep in mind
that we're working with a relatively new technology. We'll make more
progress by standardizing proven concepts, and these integrated key
recovery hacks don't have the operating history that vanilla PGP has. If
anything, my experience with Guard keying suggests that the proposed
mechansims aren't enough. The problem has more hair than our sheepdog.
I don't think the protocol standard needs to take a political statement
about key recovery mechanisms, but it *must* outline the protocol's
traditional security objectives pretty much the way Tim outlined them. That
sets the context for a robust protocol that has a successful history.
Now I need to shut off my mailer and go pack my suitcase.
smith at securecomputing.com           Secure Computing Corporation
"Internet Cryptography" now in bookstores
