
@_date: 1995-07-13 19:36:42
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: co-sponsors 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 14 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1995-10-12 18:20:14
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: NYT on Internet Flaws 
The real problem seems to be that Markoff (with whom I have spoken
often in the past, and is actually *IS* a competent reporter -- usually)
seems to have taken a number of interviews with various people and
combined them, out of order with no real context into an Internet
boogey-man story.
The reason I say this is simply from the quotes by Jeff Schiller (and
the "Netscape spokesman") -- they were most certainly talking about
the recent discovery of problems with Netscape.  The "NFS" silliness,
and the thought that NFS is the mechanism by which  Internet  users
download files seems to been have stiched in for the scare value.
(We won't even get into the real-time file hijacking, etc.)
I am suprised that Jeff Schiller isn't all over this (and other lists)
spitting bullets considering the way he was (mis)quoted.
On the other hand, it could well be that John wrote a different story
and his *editors* at the NY Times decided with, um, how to put this
delicately... re-ordered the story.. um, er I mean edited it.  It
happens all the time to make stories more "effective."  (Most old
newpaper folks are scared to death of this technology and take what
swipes at it they can, whenever they can.)
BTW: If you're really unhappy with Markoff, let him know what you
think of his reporting... his email addresses used to be:
  David
PS: Whatever I just said is my opinion, which should be obvious, since
its coming from my home machine(s) which are funded by me
personally... and not whomever I happen to work for from 9 to 5...
PPS: BTW John, in case you're reading this, (and anyone else) you DO
NOT HAVE PERMISSION TO QUOTE ME... period!  In fact, this posting is
Copyright (c) 1995 by David HM Spector and may not be reprinted in
whole or in part without my express written permission.  I have a
copyright lawyer; she's really good, on retainer, and loves a good

@_date: 1997-11-05 07:10:40
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: Smartcards - Drivers Licenses in New Jersey 
Robert, Um.... I think you are over stating things "just a little"...
The URL you referenced says:
There are plenty of things in the world of information privacy to get
hysterical about; but please lets not proclaim them realities before
they actually are...
Having said that... if you live in the Garden State, get on the phone
to your state legislators and express your concerns on this troubling
idea and how it may be used before is DOES become something to scream

@_date: 1997-11-16 23:54:50
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: mini-review: The Electronic Privacy Papers 
This has got to be the "Book of the Year"...If you only read one book
before the end of the year, or even one book ALL of next year, this is
the book you MUST read:
I just got it this morning, and cruised though the first chapters (I'm
a fast reader...) and its positively explosive.
The book consists of information gleaned from public sources and pried
out of the Government via the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and
logically takes the reader through a chronological history of
government surveillance and public reactions to it.
Schneier and Banisar examine the arguments for and against state
surveillance and how these policies are formulated and how (from my
reading so far) they are often implemented with little or no public
discussion or input by agencies that seem to deeply distrust and
dislike the lawmaking process and constitutional protections that are
supposed to protect Americans from overzealous agents and Government
Positively riveting....
For you Amazon.com junkies, here's the URL:

@_date: 1997-09-21 02:01:43
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: Politcal Action Toolkit now available 
...not having much in the way of sleep since reading Louis Freeh's
testimony and his plans to assault the US Constitution I decided to do
something about it, and try to develop something that would help
others get involved too...
I would like to announce the availability of a Personal Political
Action Kit (PersPAK).  It contains full databases of members of the
House and the Senate and may be used for mail merging, faxing (senate
only at the moment, house members hopefully this week with the next
release), email campaigns, as well as plain old phone calls.  The data
were culled from the House and Senate directories that are on the Web,
and are current as of September 3, 1997.
The datasets are provided in two formats, tab-delimited and as an
Excel spreadsheet.  Two sample letters are included that show how to
use the mail-merge features of Office95/97, along with a README file
that will step users through the basics of using this kit and offers
some hints on what to say -- and sometimes more importantly NOT to say

@_date: 1997-09-26 00:25:28
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: Oxley Amendment 
Before you go an collect all that info. you might want to surf on over to:
and pick up a copy of PersPAK  which has ALL the information you are looking for (and more)....

@_date: 1997-09-26 12:06:05
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: Chutzpah!  FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist 
FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist
(09/25/97; 4:30 p.m. EDT)
By David Braun, TechWire MONTREAL -- Extremist positions on electronic encryption are not only
threatening to normal law enforcement, but they are also elitist and
nondemocratic, said Alan McDonald, a senior counsel member with the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, at the International Conference on
Privacy in Montreal on Thursday.
Addressing a workshop on how far society should go in trading off
privacy for effective law enforcement, McDonald said privacy activists
had fought any balance in proposed encryption legislation.
"Such absolute positions threaten not only electronic searches but
also conventional searches for data that has been encrypted," McDonald
Absolute positions on privacy were "pernicious on several levels,"
McDonald added.
The absolute positions "handcuffed" law enforcement while also raising
rights for citizens to levels that were unreasonable and that would
have been foreign to the nation's founding fathers. Extreme privacy
positions were ultimately elitist and nondemocratic in that they
presumed the views of a knowing privacy cognoscenti should pre-empt
the views of the nation's elected officials and the Supreme Court,
McDonald said.
McDonald's statements came a day after a key committee of the
U.S. House of Representatives rejected an FBI-supported proposal that
would have compelled the makers of encryption products to include
features that would enable law enforcement agencies to gain immediate
and, if necessary, covert access to unscramble any coded data.
Extremists presumed that the citizens could not trust the elected
government and the Supreme Court to make decisions or to correct
mistakes if any are made, McDonald said.
"Based on a theory of potential government abuse, important tools
commonly used are to be restricted or embargoed," McDonald said.
McDonald said efforts in the United States to enhance effective law
enforcement search and seizure capabilities had proceeded without
harming legitimate privacy concerns.
In the area of electronic surveillance, McDonald said, privacy
enhancements had frequently received treatment "superior to that
required under our Constitution."
With minor exceptions, neither the laws nor the cases decided
regarding effective law enforcement or privacy had come about with the
view that either were absolute in their nature, McDonald said. Law
enforcement measures had been tempered by considerations of personal
privacy, and privacy laws had been balanced with effective law
Notwithstanding the substantial threats posed by national and
international organized crime, drug cartels, and terrorists, the
United States had remained true to its Constitutional moorings, and
its commitment to a system of ordered liberties, McDonald said.
"When people don't know much about electronic surveillance, they are
fearful of it. But when they know Congress passed laws and the Supreme
Court reviewed them and that there are numerous constraints and
procedures, then it makes sense to them. It seems rational and
balanced," McDonald said.

@_date: 1997-09-26 21:05:29
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: Chutzpah! FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist 
Re: Pi.... I believe the enlightened Legislator who attempted to legislate Pi was
none other than Jesse Helms (although this could be a legislative
myth!) and when Ol'Jesse proposed it (because he was "sick of all these
egg-heads with their big numbers") John Glenn said something on the
order of ' if your legislation passes Senator, I wouldn't want to
driver over any bridges in your state!'
But more to the point, this is more of the divide and conquer strategy
that worked so well for the Reagan-era republicans.  Ridicule what you
wish to destroy, give no quarter to other opinion, and repeat a lie so
often that it becomes the truth.  Nothing new here.  "We" just have
yet to get organized enough to use the same tactic in return and for
the moment Freeh & Co. have much more reliable and regular access to
the mainstream press who are willing to print whatever they say.
What we need, really, is a good advertising agency...

@_date: 1997-09-27 03:20:35
@_author: David HM Spector 
@_subject: Bidzos editorial moves across business wires 
This just went out over the wires... attributed to Investors Business Daily
Headline: Guest Editorial Nothing Safe About Encryption Bills
   By D. JAMES BIDZOS Congress is intent on regulating encryption
technology in the name of law enforcement, no matter what the cost.
But the real debate's not about fighting crime. It's about the
ability of American business to compete in our new networked world.
   The Senate is nearing a vote on a bill, by Sen. John McCain, R-
Ariz., and Sen. Bob Kerrey, D-Neb., requiring all encryption products
made, sold or used in the U.S. to provide on-demand government access
to encrypted files with a court order.
   In the House, the story's more complicated.
   The Commerce Committee on Wednesday approved the Security and
Freedom through Encryption Act, a bill by Rep. Bob Goodlatte, D-Va.
that was written to bar domestic controls on encryption.
   A few weeks ago, SAFE was amended to resemble the Senate bill.
But the Commerce Committee scrapped the change and restored the
bill's original language. The battle now moves to the Rules
Committee, where Rep. Gerald Solomon, R-N.Y., vows to restore the
decoding provisions.
   FBI Director Louis Freeh wants encryption controls passed. He
told the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Technology that without
such a law, "Our ability to investigate and sometimes prevent the
most serious crimes and terrorism will be severely impaired."
   No one wants the FBI stymied in its efforts to fight crime.
Unfortunately, the debate in Congress so far has painted the Senate
bill's opponents as ignorant of public safety and national security
concerns, or, worse, willing to put commercial interests ahead of
   What's missing from the current encryption debate is a clear
understanding of the implications of the Senate bill, and the
identification of safeguards against abuse of a "key recovery"
   Key recovery means that someone other than the main user holds a
copy of an encryption key. Everyone agrees that key recovery is
useful, even necessary. The bottom line is, who should hold the
   Strong encryption is already a fact of life in the U.S. and around
the world. Advanced, strong, unescrowed encryption is used in
millions of products, including every Web browser sold by Netscape
Communications Corp. and Microsoft Corp.
   Law enforcement and the national security establishment view
strong encryption as a threat to their efforts to safeguard the
public from those who would encrypt incriminating data.
   But this is a myopic view. Fact is, in our evolving
cyber-society, everything about us will be stored digitally.
Contrary to the position of the FBI -which says it only wants to
maintain wiretap capabilities as they have existed since 1968 - the
proposal for key recovery is not the digital equivalent of putting
alligator clips on phone wires. It's more like giving the government
the keys to all of our personal and professional lives.
   While the FBI says such access will only be by authorized court
order, it has not explained how controls and audits will prevent
abuse of these valuable keys. Would people allow local and federal
law enforcement to have and store a copy of the keys to their homes
and their filing cabinets?
   The computer industry fears that a law requiring products to
include U.S. government access will make them unable to compete in a
market where roughly 60% of their revenues come from outside the U.S.
   And U.S. firms operating overseas are very concerned. Foreign
governments with key recovery would have every reason to use it to
steal trade secrets and pass them on to their own industries. In
France and elsewhere, government spies often help state-owned firms
steal trade secrets from U.S. companies.
   The FBI hopes that the U.S. encryption market can sway the rest of
the world. But if other countries take the position - as Germany has
- - that they will not control the export of encryption or require key
recovery, how will U.S. industry compete?
   Along with Germany, encryption companies are springing up in South
Africa, Ireland, Belgium, Switzerland and Singapore to exploit
opportunities created by a restrictive U.S. export policy.
   The administration and Congress seem ready to accept that American
industry will become a casualty of the crypto-wars as it struggles to
comply with a law no one fully understands, and foreign suppliers
step in to meet the demand.
   We can only hope that Congress will stop and think on this
critical issue before enshrining key recovery in law.
   D. James Bidzos is president of RSA Data Security Inc. in Redwood
City, Calif.
------- End of Forwarded Message
