
@_date: 1997-10-23 06:21:00
@_author: spencer_ante@webmagazine.com 
@_subject: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
With all due respect to Tim May:
As a person whose been at work on a very long feature about PGP Inc. for
Wired, I can tell you that businesses really don't care that much about
PGP's civil liberties advocacy. In fact, its rep could hurt as much as help
them. The Fortune 500 is much more pragmatic: They want solutions that
work, that help them maintain security for their intellectual property and
capital. To that extent, PGP 5.5--which enables IS directors to manage a
public key infrastructure and enforce company-wide security policies-- is a
step in the right direction.
But with this new product, I agree that they run the risk of alienating
their core user group of cypherpunks and hackers. Encryption is a very
complicated topic that doesn't lend itself well to sloganeering and
histrionics. And one major thing that needs to be pointed out: PGP's key
recovery system is *voluntary and private*--not mandatory and gov.
controlled, which is what the Feds and Louis Freeh have been pushing for.
One potential positive side effect of PGP 5.5 is that it could realign the
crypto debate and force people to consider this question: Whose back door
should netizens be more worried about: Big Brother or The Boss?
Spencer E. Ante
Associate Editor
THE WEB Magazine
This is a truism, that businesses want to stay in business. (And thrive,
The interesting question is whether this action will help them.
Why it may not is what we're talking about.
For example, if PGP loses its "little guy fighting the system" image, and
the company is seen as a major supplier of snoopware and GMR systems, it
will have squandered the good will which led many of us to support PGP.
And it's by no means clear that corporations will pay enough for PGP for
Business if this good will has been squandered.
The free status of most versions of PGP is indeed an impediment to PGP
making a profit.  That's an unchangeable situation. Lots of copies of PGP
are already out there, and lots more are available from many sites.
The "commercial use" vs. "personal use" dichotomy is largely unenforceable.
If Joe Employee uses PGP 2.6 or even 5.0 for his messages, PGP, Inc. will
have a very hard time proving in court that Joe or his employer can be held
liable for this use (at most, maybe Joe will have to pay $50 or so...and
probably not even that, as PGP 5.0 is not serialized (so far as I can find)
and records aren't kept...Joe can just claim he did in fact buy it, blah
This means PGP, Inc. faces a Netscape-like battle in finding revenue
Will they succeed?
Will people like us continue to give PGP, Inc. the good will it has
Stay tuned.
--Tim May
The Feds have shown their hand: they want a ban on domestic cryptography
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
ComSec 3DES:   408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^2,976,221   | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1997-10-23 07:21:28
@_author: spencer_ante@webmagazine.com 
@_subject: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
Declan, perhaps the Big Brother vs. The Boss debate has been talked about
for years in the crypto community but, as far as I can tell, it hasn't
crossed over into the mainstream mediasphere. And that's partly due to the
rhetoric of cyberlibertarians, who have consistently pointed their finger
(justifiably most of the time) at the evil government, at the expense of
seriously analyzing surveillance in the private sector. For example, how
many people know what their company's security policy is? Do they read your
email? How often and with what cause?
I think any type of surveillance system is cause for concern--whether it
originates from the government or IBM. Lastly, I think you overestimate the
amount of wiggle room folks have in the labor market, which is never
perfect. What happens when most of the Fortune 500 starts eavesdropping on
company email? (Incidentally, I think that most working people--unlike the
digerati--are not in a position to launch their own company.) It reminds me
of the drug testing issue. Sure, it sucks and may even be unconstitutional,
but that hasn't stopped a lot of companies from doing it.
(posting this from my the computer in my corporate cubicle)
Spencer, the folks on the cypherpunks list know better than perhaps anyone
else that encryption is a complicated topic.
I know it's tempting to search for New Things to Say about the crypto
debate. I try it myself sometimes. But the question you posed about "whose
backdoor should netizens be more worried about" has been debated for years
and is hardly new.
The short answer to it is: when Big Brother is my Boss, I have remedies. I
can leave the company or pressure it to change policies. I can file a union
grievance. If all else fails, I can leave the company and start my own.
This is not the case when Big Brother is Louis Freeh or Janet Reno. When
worldwide GAK is the rule, where else can I go?
Also: governments have guns; governments have jails. They have unique
coercive powers, which the law and western philosophical traditions
recognize -- and try to limit.
(posting this before a soccer game somewhere in virginia)
