
@_date: 1995-08-26 14:22:12
@_author: steven ryan 
@_subject: Modern Journalism (was: All about Bernstein) 
I want to puhhff you up  -- SNL?
You may not want to read those stories any more because you know all the
details. But a puffed up cover story on Phil Z in People magazine would be
one of the best things that could happen. Some actresses feel that any
publicity is better than no publicity and they may be right. Given that we
are not going to get many in depth technical articles in the mainstream
press, puff pieces are better than nothing.
In the last month on two different occasions I have been in casual
conversations at work when the subject of PGP and cryptography came up based
on articles in the local media. I was able to answer the questions and
explain in detail the benefits of PGP and as well give out a disk loaded
with the program for them to try. If the puff pieces weren't read by these
people the subject would not have come up and I wouldn't have been likely to
have had the opportunity to get these people interested in using PGP.
Given that the average person still knows nothing of cypherpunk technology
and issues and probably wouldn't mind if it was all outlawed in the name of
national security, anything that keeps the topic in the public's eye is good.
Steven Ryan
sryan at reading.com

@_date: 1995-08-27 19:50:19
@_author: steven ryan 
@_subject: nym server development mailing list 
This sounds very interesting and on topic for the list. If it is such low
volume why not talk about it here and then if it gets to be too much volume
move it to a separate list? You may generate more interest that way and keep
more people informed.
Steven Ryan
sryan at reading.com

@_date: 1995-07-13 14:56:14
@_author: steven ryan 
@_subject: private idaho 
I am trying to run Private Idaho. I tried the 2.1 version as well as the new
beta version. I have all the files in the same directory as PGP. When I
create a message and select clear sign it spawns a dos box that is all black
with the cursor in the top left corner. If I hit return it closes the box
and gives the following message:
File not found in the sign routine, couldn't create output file.
Any ideas on what might cause this or pointers to additional information
would be welcome.
Steven Ryan
sryan at reading.com

@_date: 1995-09-23 12:49:22
@_author: steven ryan 
@_subject: macworld crypto articles 
The current (11/95) issue of MACWORLD magazine has two good crypto articles
in it.
1 - Protect your E-Mail by Bruce Schneier
Good introduction for neophytes, the basic how and why. Get some reprints
and give them away with PGP to your nonCypherpunk computer friends.
2 - False Security by Gene Steinberg
They searched for an applications programmer *UN*skilled at cryptography to
try and crack the password protection of the 8 best selling Mac programs.
Quicken 5.0 was cracked in 5 minutes. Adobe Acrobat in 2 hours.
Steven Ryan
sryan at reading.com

@_date: 1995-09-24 16:59:54
@_author: steven ryan 
@_subject: Crypto in Wired 
Good issue of Wired this month (10/95)
Vic Sussman has a half page on PGPfone. Asked why he's giving away PGPfone
with an inditement hanging over his head Zimmermann says "... I am a
cryptographer. This is what I do".
Banking with First Virtual by Andrew Leonard
Anonymous Speech by Tom Bell
Data Dicks by John Whalen
 Did you know you can recover data on magnetic media that's been written
over up to nine times? These guys do - for a living.
Wanna Bet by Evan I Schwartz
 Guess what's going to be the next killer app on the net.
Steven Ryan
sryan at reading.com

@_date: 1996-08-13 16:59:19
@_author: steven ryan 
@_subject: NT Remailers 
Would anyone be so kind as to point me to any information on running a
remailer on Windows NT and the address for the remailer-owners mailing list?
A search of the places I expected might have this information didn't
 Steven
Steven Ryan
Reading Access
PGP Fingerprint: E8 A2 C5 A2  7A C4 77 93  0A 1B 1D C6  B9 2F 36 9B
Finger me for my PGP public key
sryan at reading.com

@_date: 1996-08-23 12:48:09
@_author: steven ryan 
@_subject: Cypherpunks the video 
There was talk earlier about someone putting together a Cypherpunks video.
What ever came of that? I now have access to an Avid nonlinear digital
editor and would be interested in pursueing this.
Steven Ryan - Reading Access - sryan at reading.com
PGP Fingerprint: E8 A2 C5 A2  7A C4 77 93  0A 1B 1D C6  B9 2F 36 9B
Finger me for my PGP public key

@_date: 1996-09-23 12:19:05
@_author: steven ryan 
@_subject: Snake-Oil FAQ 
My view is that there is a large third group of people who are bright
enough to learn, but don't have the time or inclination to read books or do
extensive research on the subject. There are a lot of people using PGP for
the wrong reason, not because they read the books or did the research. Nor
do they even understand how it works as opposed to how it is used. They are
using it because they cruised the net and read good things about it or
heard it was cool. A Snake Oil Faq could help prevent these people from choosing  wrong
products. It would also be very helpful to have all the arguments in one
place in one concise faq. Before I joined this list and read Applied
Cryptography I was in a discussion in a previous job about securing one of
our products. The programmer wanted to protect the key with a convoluted
series of transpositions. I knew it was dumb but couldn't successfully
argue the point why. A faq would have been helpful.
There a lot of people with a casual interest in crypto who will remember
that there is a faq on bad crypto. When the time comes they may be able to
use those arguments to help avoid the use of bad crypto.
Steven Steven Ryan - Reading Access - sryan at reading.com
PGP Fingerprint: E8 A2 C5 A2  7A C4 77 93  0A 1B 1D C6  B9 2F 36 9B
Finger me for my PGP public key
