
@_date: 2006-04-17 17:25:38
@_author: Steve Schecter 
@_subject: [EMED-L] New York City Starts To Monitor Diabetics 
This is a little too much government for my liking thank you very
By Rob Stein
Washington Post Staff Writer
Wednesday, January 11, 2006; Page A03
New York City is starting to monitor the blood sugar levels of its
diabetic residents, marking the first time any government in the United
States has begun tracking people with a chronic disease.
Under the program, the city is requiring laboratories to report the
results of blood sugar tests directly to the health department, which
will use the data to study the disease and to prod doctors and patients
when levels run too high.
The unprecedented step is being hailed by many health experts as a bold
attempt to improve care for diabetes, one of the nation's biggest
medical problems, which is burgeoning into a crisis because of the
aging population and the obesity epidemic.
Some public health experts, ethicists and privacy advocates, however,
say that the initiative raises serious concerns about confidentiality
and is an alarming government intrusion into people's medical care.
Both sides agree that the decision is probably a harbinger of a trend
in which the government will apply tactics traditionally reserved
primarily for infectious diseases to chronic conditions such as
diabetes, heart disease, asthma and cancer, which have supplanted
communicable illnesses as the most pressing public health concerns.
"Because of the enormous number of people affected and the costs,
chronic diseases have become the most prominent issue in public
health," said Lawrence O. Gostin, who directs the Center for Law and
the Public's Health at Georgetown and Johns Hopkins universities.
"There are lots of good reasons to do this kind of thing, but the
questions it raises all have to do with the nanny state: Should the
government be collecting this kind of information? Should it be
intervening like this?" Gostin said. "You can imagine it getting to the
point where you have a public health worker showing up at your door and
asking, 'Did you remember to exercise, eat right and take your
medication today?' "
The government has a long history of tracking infectious diseases --
including cholera, gonorrhea, malaria, plague and, more recently, AIDS
