
@_date: 2000-12-15 14:18:06
@_author: Templeton, Stuart 
@_subject: BT sues Prodigy over U.S. hyperlink patent  
probably behind the times, didn't see this spark up yet, but the quote below
caught my attention...
How serious would you guys suggest this "threat" to be? any information
regarding other patents that could turn up like this in a
more SERIOUS fashion?
BT sues Prodigy over U.S. hyperlink patent
"I haven't looked at that particular patent, so I can't formally comment on
it. But I can say that Web development is seriously threatened by frivolous
patents, though you can't quote me as saying I called that patent
frivolous," Berners-Lee said

@_date: 2000-11-08 11:20:21
@_author: Templeton, Stuart 
@_subject: CDR: Weather [was: RE: Well, that's over. Heads up, America!] 
i think the weather thing has more to do with the agricultural background of
the country, and how this influenced the development of American Society at
an early stage. Most Americans i've spoken with don't actually "MEAN IT"...
perhaps there's some selfish concern about being comfortable in the weather
at hand while doing some inane activity. Tennis (or whatever) in the snow?
does this really seem so bizarre?
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Trei, Peter
Sent: Wednesday, November 08, 2000 10:29 AM
I once heard a European pundit observe that Americans seem normal most of the time, but every now and then something surfaces
to make it clear just how alien they actually are.
The example he gave was the American obsession with weather. In
Europe,  talk about the weather is just conversational padding; noise of no serious consequence to fill an otherwise awkward
Americans, on the other hand, MEAN IT when they talk about the
weather. They sit up and pay attention when forecasts appear. All US cable systems carry a channel which broadcasts
nothing except weather reports, 24x7 - a notion which seems as
bizarre to Europeans as would a channel for watching the grass
grow. He surmised that this is due to the fact that in the US, unlike
Europe, bad weather can kill you. [And even if it doesn't kill you, it can sure as hell play havoc
with your day. I've had over 2 feet of snow overnight at my house,
while 10 miles away there was just rain. Mark Twain once gave a speech about the New England weather:
It's worth a look.
Peter Trei

@_date: 2000-09-19 14:09:49
@_author: Templeton, Stuart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Qualcomm CEO loses laptop 
wtf was the "Qualcomm Chief" doing walking around with secrets of that
severity, much less on a laptop, on a podium in a HOTEL CONFERENCE ROOM
486 laptops dissappear quicker than that at the university here.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of A. Melon
Sent: Tuesday, September 19, 2000 1:44 PM
"contained proprietary
information that could be valuable to foreign governments."
Kinda interesting statement about a
telecoms machine.  Foreign
PC with Corporate Secrets
           Disappears
           Qualcomm Chiefs Laptop Taken from Podium            Sept. 18, 2000                        IRVINE, Calif. (AP) -- The personal portable
                       computer of Qualcomm Inc.s chief executive
                       officer, which apparently contained valuable
                       company secrets, disappeared from a hotel
                       conference room moments after he addressed a
                       national business journalists meeting.                        Irwin Jacobs left the computer unattended on a
                       podium or an adjoining table in the Hyatt
                       Regency-Irvine ballroom on Saturday for 15-20
                       minutes when he stepped down to talk to a small
                       group after addressing about 90 members of the
                       Society of American Business Editors and
                       Writers.            Proprietary information            Jacobs told people at the conference that the IBM laptop, which
           had used for a slide show-type presentation focusing on Qualcomms
           wireless telecommunications technology, contained proprietary
           information that could be valuable to foreign governments.            Qualcomm is a leader in wireless technology -- a boom market of
           burgeoning telecommunications revolution -- with $3.9 billion in
           revenues last year. It designs and produces chips for wireless
           communications devices and holds hundreds of patents whose
           royalties provide it with the bulk of its earnings.            SABEWs president Byron Calame, deputy managing editor of The
           Wall Street Journal, expressed sorrow at the event and noted that
           people with access to the area "included registrants, exhibitors
           guests at our conference, hotel staff and perhaps others."            Very disturbing            "Its very disturbing to him," company spokeswoman Christine
           Trimble said of the 66-year-old Jacobs, Qualcomms chairman and
           founder. Jacobs, whose company is based in nearby San Diego, had
           driven to the conference with his wife and without any security.            Trimble would not discuss details of the apparent theft except to
           confirm that the laptop was used by Jacobs for "business
           Company officials would not say whether Jacobs had contacted the
           FBI.            "The FBI was never called that were aware of," said Irvine police
           desk officer Sgt. Tim Smith. "We took it as a straight laptop
           which is pretty typical for a hotel."            However, several attendees at the SABEW conference said they
           noticed three unattended laptops shortly after the theft as they
           passed through an adjoining exhibitors room.            "It doesnt seem (Jacobs laptop) would be the obvious choice if
           individual was looking for an easy target," noted Shawn Abbott,
           technical officer of computer security company Rainbow
           Technologies.            Just 30 feet away            Jacobs and about a half-dozen journalists were no further than 30
           feet from his laptop when it disappeared. More than 100 reporters
           and editors from across the nation attended SABEWs 4th annual
           technology conference, a two-day event that ended Sunday.            Trimble said the laptop, valued at about $4,000, was password
           protected and the data was backed up on a computer at Qualcomms
           San Diego headquarters. However, password-protected computers
           running Windows operating systems, as Jacobs was, can be easily
           be broken into.            The level of security on Jacobs laptop could not be determined.            Qualcomm is the worlds leading developer of a technology known as
           CDMA, which seems to have won the global battle to become the
           standard technology for making high-speed Internet access
           on wireless devices.            Wireless technologies            Those so-called third-generation wireless technologies are
           to connect the Internet to handhelds and other devices in the
           few years -- initially in the Far East and Europe. Those markets
           considered to have a potential value in the tens of billions of
           as everything from cars to airplanes are equipped with broadband
           wireless connections.            If security on Jacobs laptop was limited only to password
           _ rather than a more advanced encryption scheme -- "its extremely
           unlikely that it will take any more than removing the hard drive
           hooking it up to another computer to read all the files," Abbott
said.

@_date: 2000-09-19 15:38:37
@_author: Templeton, Stuart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Qualcomm CEO loses laptop 
true, sadly i'm not as up-to-date as i could be, as i have little free time
and (blah blah excuse, blah, yeah, you get the idea) but that's SORTOF one
of the reasons i've subscribed to this list (btw, i appoligize to everyone
for being less than constructive or conversational in this email)
i caught this, and i think this is foolish.
the "wtf was he doing that" thing was sortof a figure of speech, sorry.
one can learn from ones mistakes indeed (his or mine??), however wether or
not my statement is "off-base" is debatable... and though i guess the
importance of the secrets is as well. so is the guy out "trade secrets" (and
what not) or is he just out a nice little laptop? so with that in mind i
came to the conclusion that they felt that they suffered a larger loss than
4000$ (i don't really know the price of the laptop)... simply put, i guess,
if i had trade secrets that could potentialy cause as much damage to worry
people like that , i wouldn't leave it alone, not for 15-20, not for 5, and
not to talk to some journalists.
honestly, though, i'm not really one to judge, as i've never been in his
position before. (though i still maintain his action foolish, much as you
probably view my emails now ! :)  )and i'll try and hold back the urge to
join in conversation and add opinion and potential new views on various
situations that arise on this list. perhaps i'll learn more about that way.
-----Original Message-----
X-Loop: openpgp.net
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks at Algebra.COM]On Behalf Of Tim May
Sent: Tuesday, September 19, 2000 2:51 PM
As with "A. Melon," you apparently don't bother to read the news.
Jacobson was giving a talk, using his laptop for the talk, and stepped away for a few moments to talk to some journalists.
One can learn from his mistake, but the thrust of your comments, "walking around with secrets of that severity..." is way off-base.
Folks, if you don't read the news, or watch it on CNN and CNBC and the like, please don't feel compelled to add foolish remarks.
--Tim May

@_date: 2000-09-24 17:16:22
@_author: Templeton, Stuart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: CRYPTIC SEDUCTION -- CYPHERPUNK SPECIAL 
here's something i dug up... at......
it's down there....
"McPherson says she gets excited by the drive-by shootings. "It takes me
about a half hour afterwards to calm down," she says. Cryptic seduction
Juicy Mango is one of thousands of porn sites on that geek-inspired
communications platform known as the Internet. Now, the more traditional
(video) porn industry is starting to take notice of geeks. "Cryptic
Seduction" is the name of a geek-centered porn flick coming, perhaps, to a
screen near you. The film was screened for a meeting of Cypherpunks in
Oakland where it received raucous approval, according to Wired News.
Cypherpunks is a group of privacy advocates and encryption developers who
support a strong code to safeguard one's personal data on the Net. hey, guys, is this uhm, wasn't there a "Cryptic Seduction II" in '99 , i
think i saw it in the archive???????
Sent: Sunday, September 24, 2000 10:37 AM
