
@_date: 1996-06-12 11:05:18
@_author: Stephan Vladimir Bugaj 
@_subject: Micropayments are Crap 
As far as I'm concerned Micropayments as appealing to me as Data Mining.  I
certainly see how my wallet would benefits from being on the receiving end of
the money and/or information, but I can also clearly see the detrements of
being the one whose money and information was "automagically" being
appropriated. The technical concerns are many, any secure system can be
broken by someone with enough skill and resources, but the social concerns are
more difficult to address. For example, it's great if the browser logs
client side transactions that can't be spoofed because the wallet knows where
it sent money, but try convincing a vendor who is already suspicious of
'all this computer stuff' that you really sent them some money and a savvy
hacker pilfered it all - log or no log.
Setting a micropayment enabled web browser to automatically grant approval to
payments of $.02/action may seem reasonable, but it depends on what the vendor
has decided constitues an action.  If somone charged $.02/nanosecond for
retreiving shareware from an FTP library, and my browser was set to accept this
as reasonable based on the fact that it was $.02/action, I would have no idea
what an exhorbitant rate I was paying for access until my 'wallet' was emptied
by downloading the README file... this kind of rate swindling already goes on
in the telephone industry and would be even easier on a system like the
where people habitually connect with unknown parties to check out the
This doesn't happen with phones (well, not as much).  The virtual nomadness of
wandering the net leaves a lot of people - even otherwise careful people -
vulnerable to rate traps.
Micropayment proponents are incredibly fond of the proposition that software
could be leased on a usage time basis from a centralized server, and people
could also rent time on the servers' CPUs.  Sounds an awful lot like the
mainframe days to me.  I see plenty of ways in which this benefits the
(greater control over distribution, centrailzed revision/upgrade distribution,
greater profits over one-time sales, etc.), but no ways in which this benefits
the user.  Especially the power user.  I'm certainly not going to rent time
on a compiler or image editing program every single time I want to do some
It took the industry long enough to get PCs and workstations to the speeds
they're at today so people could do their own work on their own machines to
go back to waiting in a queue for time on a centralized system so you can
have the honor of paying someone a lot of money to run your job.  As a
programmer, I can
see how I could make a fat chunk of change by bilking people through metered
software usage, but as a software consumer it seems like a rotten idea.  One
effect it would have, however, would be an exponential increase in the quality
and quantity of software available from the Free Software Foundation and
other similar groups as people like myself fled en-masse from commercial
software to a
system where we knew what we were getting into ahead of time.
The other rotten part of this idea, of course, is the irritating lag times
involved with trying to run distributed software (especially poorly
software, and especially on an overloaded network infrastructure).
Looking at micropayments from the (economically) conservative element
viewpoint within certain industries make them seem a lot less appealing, as
well.  Take television.  If people had to purchase every TV show they
watched, there would be a lot less TV production going on because there
wouldn't be as much random TV watching.   No matter how stupid you may
think your customers are, if you change their pay structure they think
about it - even if only briefly.  It would also be harder to sell TV
advertising, because if nobody was watching a show everyone would know
because this would be metered even better than current rating systems.  The
nature of the TV advertising industry would change because instead of the
archetypal/statistical sampling of Nielsen ratings, you'd know *exactly*
who was watching what.
Both micropayments and data mining require that the user give the vendor a
level of trust which most vendors are not willing to repay with similar
trust and customer satisfaction.  Customer-users are expected to give
vendors greater access to and control over their money and personal
information, yet at best they can expect the same poor customer service and
bureaucratic attitudes encountered when dealing with traditional
transaction processing companies and at worst can expect to be swindled out
of piles of money and/or have their
privacy violated as a matter of course.
Working where I do, everyone around me is on the side of the vendors - who
make up part of our client base.  On cypherpunks, of course, I'm largely
preaching to the converted.  There can be a middle ground, however the
middle ground that's been offered so far still leaves the consumer with the
sort end of the stick and
I'm not convinced they're ultimately what's best for business - especially if
you cling to seemingly outdated ideas like good customer relations, good
public/social relations, and long range growth relationships over short
profit pumping.
This signature has been kidnapped by space aliens.
If you find it you can call (415) 703-8748.
I work for Studio Archetype, and they don't find any of this funny.

@_date: 1996-06-12 17:06:12
@_author: Stephan Vladimir Bugaj 
@_subject: Micropayments are Crap 
Returns for whom?
How much money is involved would be up to the consumer.  It would be as secure
as a normal wallet, excepting that I don't usually give people permission to
open my wallet and take money out at regular intervals.
Any cryptographic system has ways to circumvent it.  Whether or not they
are practical is the issue.
As for scam artists, perhaps we could have a scam-artist bit along with
the age bit ;)
Because the time limit can be set ridiculously low, making the rates
artificially high from the viewpoint of the kind of time periods that
humans work in.
The action of going somewhere that charges a metered rate is initiated by the
user, however to make this safe for the consumer it would have to be required
that there be a 'front door' for every site that charged metered rates
announcing that if you proceed you'll be billed (and, at what rate).  If you
let people charge as soon as you hit their URL, that's malarkey.
No, I don't.  I use it too much, so I found an ISP that does not charge metered
rates.  A lot of people pay by the hour for their ISP, but it may or may not
be a wise idea for them.  If it's part of their work and they're online all the
time, they should consider another payment system.  Same thing with charging
micropayments for using software.  If Adobe started charging me $5/hr to use
Photoshop instead of $500 for the package, I'd stop using photoshop.  In two
weeks I'd have already exceeded the price of the whole package.
Sure it's the same power as an old mainframe.  Big deal.  What exactly does
do to stregnthen your argument?  It's certainly not as costly to build, costly
to maintain, or rare as old mainframes...
The potential for scams exists.  Certainly even a priest in the church of the
free market can see that.  User education is poor, and consumer protection laws
are weakening.  This does not bode well fo r
If that happened, I'd be very suprised.
That is a good advantage, you are correct in this.  But there are a number of
instances in which I'd still want software running on a real workstation.  If
people make software only available through micropayments, then that would be
limiting to both the user and the vendor.
The payer could set a certain amount of money that is automatically deemed
acceptable to pay, like the $.02/time-unit example.  This could get misused
by a vendor who chooses a unit small enough that a small per-unit charge
adds up.  The payer essentially loses control of payment.
In some ways.  But those of use who use certain packages heavily would get
shafted for our loyal support of a vendor if they decided to pander to the
skittish masses and charge a rate that was psychologically more appealing
those who wouldn't otherwise use it.  I only hope that vendors who choose to
use micropayments (since they're inevitable) take the small but loyal power
user segment into consideration when making the decision about whether or not
to stop selling full packages altogether.
The best model is not the mainframe model promoted by the idea of the "internet
computer" (aka. Mutant X-Terminal), but a truly distributed system.
Workstations and PCs can contribute their substantial processing power to a
distributed system.  The other problem I have with the mainframe model and
centralized resources is storage.  It's bad enough to have to wait in line for
a CPU, but the idea of having no direct access to my work is unappealing,
and for a number of industries impossible.  I doubt designers, for example,
be willing to leave client work on the big Illustrator server cluster at Adobe.
Fat pipes connecting fast PCs to even faster servers is the best route.
I was looking at this from a vendor viewpoint in this particular instance.  The
TV old guard may not be willing to give up all that big, fat (and reliable) ad
revenue to the whim of John and Jane Q. Tvwatcher.
I'd like to see them vaporized.  Billing costs are the swindle of the decade.
I'm quite tempted to cut up both my credit card and ATM card because of the
bullshit administrative fees involved with using them.  Internet transaction
fees are even worse.
Yeah, but the old tends to cling on for dear life.  Welcome to the concept
of people and institutions that are unwilling to change and do their best to
postpone those changes.
Change doesn't bother *me* personally, I just wish more people would *think*
about whether or not changes are *appropriate* instead of just *possible*.
They are now.  It was a pragmatic point.
That's not infeasable.  I didn't say anything was infeasable, I just think
some of the current models of how things might work are bad ideas and encourage
debate.  Both consumers and resistant old-school vendors will have issues to
address, and ramming change down people's throats because it's inevitable or
'the market dictates it' is a crappy attitude which I don't encourage.  Also,
note for the record that I don't believe that "the market" is a one-to-one
mapping on to "the people" or even "the consumer".
Ha ha ha.  Yeah, looking out for consumer interests is just doom saying and
negativism.  The current education level of the general public about computers
is low, and about transactional security is even lower.  It can have benefits,
but there are also serious issues which need to be considered.  Another thing
about the paying a micropayment instead of a macropayment and leaving if
you don't like it - a lot of companies offer free trial time with their
service, or a free consultation, etc.  The effects of charging for these
trial offers is
unclear - how would that be good for the consumer?
This is a good idea.  It could be a good boon for small businesses (unless
the transaction providers charge prohibitively large fees for their
services...).  I hope you're right and I'm wrong.  That would be much better
for all involved.
Your argument works provided the consumer really maintains control.
You can lose that control.  There do need to be safeguards in such a system
that ensure this control.  $.02/nanosecond is, after all, $1.2 billion/minute.
If such a setting were allowed and people habitually allowed $.02/unit
metering as being automatically acceptable, that could clean out a number
of digital
wallets very quickly as unsuspecting customers entered the paid area and
instantly got dialogue boxes announcing that their wallets were empty.
This signature has been kidnapped by space aliens.
If you find it you can call (415) 703-8748.
I work for Studio Archetype, and they don't find any of this funny.

@_date: 1996-06-18 10:08:54
@_author: Stephan Vladimir Bugaj 
@_subject: Micropayments are Crap 
There is too much traffic on the Cypherpunks list for me - personally - to be
able to follow a single discussion very consistantly (maybe I should write
better filters...).  So I will address your last email generally.  I agree
that many of my points are points about capitalism in general, but
micropayments are the latest capitalist craze and serves to  underscore
some of these problems.  Perhaps you are right that they can ameliorate
some of the problems of capitalism, but I think there is also a great
potential for abuse and profit bloating that will serve only to exascerbate
the problems.  Sometimes 'straw men' are needed to make example cases of
what *can* happen before people leap ahead without thinking, and can only
in retrospect commiserate with eachother about what did happen...  the FUD
that is associated with any new technology should be better analyzed by the
few who care about the future rather than those who just worship the future
to ensure that the decisions which are made by this almighty 'market'
(again, I distinguish this from either the 'people' or the 'consumers') are
the right ones.  Again, I realize the market does not oppose this idea, but
that doesn't mean that some people won't feel that the idea is being
'rammed down their throats'.  Sometimes people forget that technologists
and their venture capitalist backers aren't the best representative sample
of the world's population, nor are they a reliable source of objective
information about the correlation between the 'market' and the 'polit'.
Micropayments might be a great idea (though I see potential flaws which, if
addressed, would only serve to make the idea great in implementation as
well as in theory - yet people will resist addressing these potential flaws
and rely on hindsight to fix problems that do arise). I'm just proposing
the ridiculous notion that this and other technologies be preceeded by
forthought and public debate before their implementation.  No matter how
much one reifies techology, it all comes back to people in the end.
This signature has been kidnapped by space aliens.
If you find it you can call (415) 703-8748.
I work for Studio Archetype, and they don't find any of this funny.

@_date: 1996-06-19 10:43:38
@_author: Stephan Vladimir Bugaj 
@_subject: Micropayments, Anarchy, It's All The Same... ;P 
The distinction that I'm making is that the 'market' is governed by both
consumers and producers.  As such, what the market will bear can and sometimes
does diverge from what consumers want.  Taking a really silly example, let's
say you want a blue car, but the auto industry decided that blue cars
too few of their sales to justify the purchase of blue paint.  However,
they did
this study in Malibu, where everyone wanted a red car, because some
felt that was the perfect demographic for their line of cars.  He was
wrong.  Now
middle America, who loves blue cars, can't get any.  They have to settle for
red cars as the next best thing.  Next year the market will probably
readjust and blue cars will again be available, but for the year the bulk
of consumers had little say in market decisions.  Producers can and will
also 'dump'
undesirable products on the market as we have all seen before.  Sometimes
consumers complain, sometimes they just groan and bear it.  But the fact of the
matter is that the 'market' is comprised of two main elements: 'consumers' and
'producers' and the market climate is not solely determined by consumers'
Bureaucratic (government) decision making is no better.  Keep in mind, however,
that capitalist organizations (producers) are themselves bureaucratic
institutions.  Therefore, bureaucracy plays a central role in the free
(sic) market.  A balance between the power of the public and private sector
best represents the peoples' and consumers' needs.
How the market diverges from the polit is clear.  The market is only concerned
with consumers, and this leaves out the poor, who are undeniably part of the
polity.  In fact, if you take just the technology market, that market is
producer-to-producer (business-to-business) and the traditional consumer
(an individual or family) is a relatively recent addition to this market.
Interbusiness concerns still drive this market.
There are two ways to go on this.  It's important to realize that while
government officials are professional politicans with all the moral and
ethical compromise
that this entails, they are also ultimately responsible to their
constituency.  The role of government is different than the role of
business, and I for one would
not be willing to give up democratic government (ragardless of its
hypocracies and flaws) in favor of a business bureaucracy as our national
ruling hegemony.
Businesses, especially ones governed by unmitigated capitalists, are
only to profit.  The social darwinist perspective of most capitalists is
such that
this profit can come at any cost, and things will 'work themselves out'
according to natural (sic) social selection.  This is a morally and
ethically dangerous
viewpoint to have.
The polity is supposed to be able to count on their government to be their
of power against the transgressions of more powerful individuals at the top of
the capitalist power structure.  This is not usually the case, as
government officials rely on these powerbrokers for their jobs and
kickbacks, but at least in
the United States the people have theoretical constitutional recourses against
serious infringements of their rights.  While centralized government has
problems, weakening the federal protection of the bill of rights would
serve only
to increase the ability of the powerful to abuse the polity (and create
chaos since 50 different sets of state laws would provide an amazing web of
for would-be tyrants).
Our government is supposed to be kept in check by the people, and I believe
is what people like the Cypherpunks are and should be doing.  However, don't go
running to Laissez Faire capitalists as your comrades in arms in the
struggle to
keep powerful institutions out of your personal lives, because you'll be
more than
just disappointed if you help private sector powerbrokers whittle away the
protective powers of the public sector.
Morally I'm more Anarchist than Centrist, but I'm also willing to face reality.
There needs to be a balance between too much regulation, and too little.
The public sector has a system of checks and balances which doesn't always
work, but is institutionalized and respected.  The private sector, however,
is not so accountable and their only checks and balances are the laws that
we the people are obligated to insist be enforced.  Morality and justice
break down easily in the face of bribes and hush-money, but with an
institutionalized system of justice there is at least a modicum of
accountability which is necessary for a society(ies) which is far too
immature for true Anarchism.
Keep in mind the role that capitalists played along side the government in
Nazi Germany, (unchecked) power corrupts - regardless of whether you're in
the public sector or the private sector.  (Yes, capitalism was technically
regulated in Nazi Germany, but that is not the point.)
I am as unwilling to support Laissez Faire capitalism as I am to support
an intrusive and restrictive government.
This signature has been kidnapped by space aliens.
If you find it you can call (415) 703-8748.
I work for Studio Archetype, and they don't find any of this funny.
