
@_date: 1993-01-04 09:51:02
@_author: Matt Willis 
@_subject: Acceptance of Keys 
As wary as I am of expressing my ignorance, I'll give it a shot...
I'm new to the Cypherpunks list and I'm just curious, is it going against the
principles of PGP to "accept keys from individuals whom are only electronically
known"?    (if so, I guess I'm in a state of stupor)
Most of my dealings on the internet are internet-exclusive, that is, I never
meet the people with whom I communicate.  With the exception of some locals,
computer social life in FL, USA is pretty non-existant.  I wish my
communications to be secure and I believe that PGP is the best way and I will
never have the opportunity to meet the people I talk to in Kansas or in New
York  (both places, I hope I never visit).
If meat-relations are the only secure way I'm supposed to communicate, then I
guess I'll have to use carrier pigeons.   :)
Of course, I could be taking this TOTALLY out of context, and in that case this
message should read:
Hey, I really like this list... It's intellectually stimulating and a clearly
positive influence on my life.  How's the weather in Europe?
I'm not trying to be argumentative, I just have serious questions about the
keeping of public keys...  here's another one... couldn't we assign one at
birth... it'd be better than a social security number (dunno what you use in
Europe), but a whole lot harder to remember...
ALSO:  We Mac users are wondering when MacPGP 2.1 will be out?  Anyone have any
contact info?
thanks for reading my words.
"Absolutely alone in awareness of the mechanism." -Agrippa by WG

@_date: 1993-01-05 08:26:21
@_author: Matt Willis 
@_subject: Hiding PGP code 
Here's an interesting solution...  You can program a message filter to add
extract letters to each PGP character to make it a word.
I'm sure you could find any database of words and have it randomly make first
letters... it'd be pretty simple... and then the receiver would just take every
letter followed by a space...  and if you wanted to be ultra-sneaky (who, us)
you could have null words that change conditions in the letter... like
switching to the second letter in the word, or skipping the next word
altogether... but what to do with no-letter PGP codes... ok, the first TWO
letters of the word indicate a character... sort of like a byte...
hey, I think I might just write this sucker...
Code will follow!
carpe crypto
"Absolutely alone in awareness of the mechanism." -Agrippa by WG

@_date: 1993-01-05 08:44:58
@_author: Matt Willis 
@_subject: Acceptance of Keys 
But we both call the same system (at least the people I x-change keys with)
usually mindvox or a private system with a respected name... and in the case of
Minvox, we do a DCC on IRC... straight person-to-person...  to be
eavesdropping... one, they'd have to tap my line, heavy equipment needed to tap
a 16.8k HST v.42bis connection, seeing as I pretty much max out a phone line
and HST's are really picky... or two, they'd intercept a DCC on the IRC at
berkeley... but that's a 57.6k connection... however, that does seem
possible... does anyone have any suggestions on how to make e-transfers of keys
more secure, because, besides snail-mail (which would please the feds a lot) I
have no other way of getting my key to them...
geez, I didn't know it was this complicated... if someone screws with the key,
it just doesn't decode, correct?  nowadays, with MNP and ARQ-retries and all of
our little .bis buddies, not to mention the CRC's in transfer protos, wouldn't
that make an error in transfer EXTREMELY remote... so the only other way'd be
tampering and even then it just wouldn't decode, so what... you get the key
again... but I oversimplify the situation, I guess...
Oh, and I know this is going to make me sound like a complete idiot in front of
my peers, but I've always did straight tranfers of keys...  how do you put
ascii keys into your keyring?  I can't seem to make MacPGP do it... sniffle...
and if ihe reason I can't decode the key is due to an error in transmission,
forget this entire message...
"Absolutely alone in awareness of the mechanism." -Agrippa by WG

@_date: 1993-01-11 11:02:02
@_author: Matt Willis 
@_subject: Commie's 
To this southern boy, it looks like the pinkos are slamming American
(whoops, sorry, English) programming...   :)
"pgp in actual use is not recommended.", oh yeah, well our alphabet has more
characters, so there...
There were some interesting flaws that they pointed out...
Could someone do a follow up and say what has been fixed in PGP
version 2.1?
If pgp cyphertext/encrypted data is predictable, I wonder how that would affect
the "it'd take a Cray a year" figure?
(or were the pinkos being overconfident)
I actually like the Russians, but I'm just fulfilling my stereotype.
peace     :*
"Absolutely alone in awareness of the mechanism." -Agrippa by WG

@_date: 1993-01-24 13:32:05
@_author: Matt Willis 
@_subject: Neuvo-Crypto 
I'm researching fractals here at glorious Stetson University and it crossed my
mind that there are possibilities in the combination of fractals with current
encryption standards...  for instance, using a piece of the mandelbrot set as a
key or a Julia set with a standard center and radius, thereby reducing a key to
a sort of x,y,z,F() coordinate...
And if you and a friend established a standard equation... that would make it a
sort of three-key system.
On a simpler level, couldn't the RSA method be converted to use the Complex
number system... (which is the base of fractal mathematics)
Anyone follow?
"Absolutely alone in awareness of the mechanism." -Agrippa by WG
