
@_date: 1998-01-12 02:11:27
@_author: steve@playgal.com 
@_subject: Special Announcement from Intertain and Playgal 
Both Richard from Intertain and I ( Dean from Playgal ) are pleased to
announce a strategic alliance between the Intertain and Playgal group of
businesses. This alliance will take the form of a partnership between the
two entities.
Intertain was one of the first ever ( arguably the first ) sites to charge
a monthly membership fee and has been around from the begining. Playgal
came into the industry this year. Both companies are multi million dollar
businesses with extensive asset backing and have a great deal of
We have a very solid track record of payment and integrity within the
adult industry.
Our first new joint venture under the partnership is the lateset mega site
UNFAITHFUL at  . We anticpate Unfaithful will be
more successful than our current group of sites.
To launch our new site we have put together a new click through program
"Unfaithful EasyCash"  which will give
webmasters the best of both worlds : - a high minimum payout guaranteed
and conversion rate bonuses over and above the minimum payout.
You will be guaranteed a minimum payout of 7.5 cents a unique hit ( not
unique visit ) - which means you will be paid 7.5 cents everytime an
individual person clicks on your banner each day. We are not filtering
hits - you get paid on unique hits to the front page - this should mean your
unique to raw ratio should be high.
You can earn conversion rate bonuses up to $5 per unique hit - with many
entry points along the way to ensure your revenue is maximized. You get paid by check or wire transfer every 2 weeks.
Goto  to see the full payout table.
We are offering:
* 3,000 live video feeds, hardcore streaming videos, QT/AVI and LIVE sex shows!
* Exclusive pictorial content updated each month!
* FREE MEMBERSHIP
* The highest quality "HARDCORE" pictures on the planet!
How easy is that to sell memberships ? The site and the EasyCash clickthrough has been designed to maximize revenue for both us and your banner partners.
If you have good quality traffic then this is the clickthrough that will
suit your site.
As part of our strategy we will be limiting the amount of traffic sent to
this site to avoid over saturation - so today is the day to sign up for
unfaithful at  while it is new and we
have available spaces. Judge for yourselves for today  is a top class
Everyone should have an opportunity to increase revenue from their sites
by including Unfaithful.
Please direct all operational questions to steve at playgal.com as i am on my
way to IA2000.
Thanks for your time and have a prosperous new year.
Sign up now dean at unfaithful.com  or
thegeneral at playgal.com
