
@_date: 2011-08-22 10:12:25
@_author: Steve Weis 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Technocracy Now event, August 23 
I saw a blurb about this "Technocracy Now" event on another list and
thought it might be of interest to liberationtech.
It shows a deep and nuanced appreciation of irony to include Palantir
on a panel about government transparency and democracy. Case in point:
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2011-09-21 13:39:29
@_author: Steve Weis 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Election Integrity: Past, Present and Future, 
There is an upcoming event on election integrity which I thought might
be of interest to liberationtech:
Election Integrity: Past, Present and Future
Hosted by The Caltech/MIT Voting Technology Project
Saturday, October 1, 2011: 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
32-123, Stata Center at MIT, 32 Vassar Street, Cambridge, MA
Info: Registration: This conference will present an overview of the various and vital
elements of election integrity. Speakers will look back at the 35-year
period that led to the November 2000 presidential election, examine
the progress made since then, and look at the decade ahead.
Three panel presentations:
PAST: Moderator, Peter Neumann, Principal Scientist at SRI
International, moderator of the ACM Risks Forum
- Eva Waskell and Kurt Hyde, Co-chairs of The First National Symposium
on Security and Reliability of Computers in the Electoral Process held
in Boston in 1986
- Roy G. Saltman, Researcher and author
- Douglas Kellner, Co-chair of the New York State Board of Elections
- William Gardner, New Hampshire Secretary of State
PRESENT: Moderator, Pam Fessler, National Public Radio
- Pamela Smith, President, Verified Voting
- Dan Wallach, Associate Professor, Rice University, Department of
Computer Science
- Ian Piper, Dominion Voting Systems Corporation
- Carolyn Crnich, Clerk/Recorder & Registrar of Voters, Humboldt
County, Eureka, California
FUTURE: Moderator, To Be Announced
- Philip Stark, Professor of Statistics, University of California, Berkeley
- Luther Weeks, Executive Director of CTVotersCount.org and
Connecticut Citizen Election Audit Coalition
- Ronald Rivest, Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at MIT
- Dana DeBeauvoir, Travis County Clerk, Austin, Texas
MIT Professor Ronald Rivest will moderate a wrap-up session.
Admission is free, with pre-registration required. There will be a Q&A
period following each panel. For questions, contact
eippf2011 at lists.csail.mit.edu
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-12-17 15:10:40
@_author: Steve Weis 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Forbes recommends tools for journalists 
Just to go further down the tech tangent...
There are SSD drives with full-disk encryption, such as the Intel 520
series. Here's a paper "Reliably Erasing Data From Flash-Based Solid State
Drives" from Usenix 2011 that analyzes disk sanitation on several SSD
drives. Their conclusion was that built in encryption and sanitization
functions were most effective, but were not always implemented correctly:
Regarding storage for disk-encryption keys, PCs with TPMs can seal keys
such that they can only be unsealed if the machine is booted to a
verifiable state. Then you can leave the sealed key on the disk, which is
how Bitlocker works.
Keep in mind that TPMs can be compromised by physical attacks. They aren't
going to protect you from a moderately-funded forensics effort. But if
you're getting information security advice from a Forbes blog, that will be
the least of your worries.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-02-20 19:47:14
@_author: Steve Weis 
@_subject: [liberationtech] On the Feasibility of Internet-Scale Author Identio,cation 
There is some interesting research coming out from a team of Stanford &
Berkeley researchers about large-scale de-anonymization of blog posts based
on writing style, i.e. stylometry.
For a given blog post, the researchers were able to positively identify an
individual author from among 100,000 possibilities 20% of the
time. However, their method does not work if authors deliberately obfuscate
their writing style.
Here's the paper draft:
And a blog post about it:
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-11-27 11:36:47
@_author: Steve Weis 
@_subject: [liberationtech] "The Goverment is Profiling You" talk by 
The video of the William Binney "The Government is Profiling You" talk at
MIT is now online:
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-10-04 18:54:14
@_author: Steve Weis 
@_subject: [liberationtech] CryptoParty Handbook 
For what it's worth regarding multiple passes to sanitize data:
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-10-18 15:48:29
@_author: Steve Weis 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Privacy & activism talks at Hackmeet 3.0 
Hackmeet 3.0 ( is happening
this Saturday (10/20/12) at Noisebridge in San Francisco. There are a few
sessions which may be of interest to libtech:
"Mo' Dissidents, Mo' Malware, Mo' Problems" by Morgan Marquis-Boire
( from the Google Security Team:
"Privacy Tricks for Activist Web Developers" by Micah Lee ( from
the EFF:
"Introduction to TOR":
"An OTR Overview":
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
