
@_date: 1997-12-05 08:50:07
@_author: Stewart_William_C@bns.att.com 
@_subject: Radio-Free Europe 
Fortunately, the net is harder to jam than radio.
Esther Dyson's new book has a good line about how the Net is a
for conspiracies, but television is better-suited for propaganda.
Copyright 1997 Times Mirror Company
Los Angeles Times
December  3, 1997, Wednesday, Home Edition
Part A; Page 5; National Desk
INTERNATIONAL OUTLOOK;
NATIONAL PERSPECTIVE;
U.N. Hate-Radio Jamming Would Send Wrong Signal
JIM MANN
WASHINGTON -- In foreign policy, sometimes the noblest of intentions
to lousy ideas.
   That's certainly the case with the recent curious proposal for a
special United Nations "jam squad"--a special U.N. team that could be
hurriedly dispatched to crisis points around the world carrying
to jam, or block, harmful radio and TV broadcasts.
   Writing in the current issue of "Foreign Affairs" magazine, Jamie M.
Metzl, a former United Nations human rights officer, proposes the
of what would officially be called an "independent information
intervention unit" at the U.N.
   Its goal, he writes, would be "countering dangerous messages that
incite people to violence." A U.N. unit could monitor local news media
see where crises might erupt, air its own messages of peace and, where
necessary, prevent other radio or TV broadcasts from being heard.
   The idea for the U.N. jam squad originated in the genocidal horrors
Rwanda. In 1994, the country's main radio station, the Radio-Television
Libre des Milles Collines, then controlled by Hutu extremists, began
broadcasting hate messages targeting members of the rival tribe, the
Tutsis, and moderate Hutus.
   The Rwanda station even broadcast lists of enemies to be hunted down.
"Take your spears, clubs, guns, swords, stones, everything, sharpen
jack them, those enemies, those cockroaches," the station urged
The result was one of the world's worst blood baths, in which more than
500,000 unarmed Tutsis and moderate Hutus were slaughtered.
   This was, certainly, as compelling a case for jamming as you can get.
And Metzl has one cogent argument on behalf of his proposal: When
an ethnic conflict in a place like Rwanda, sending in a United Nations
jamming team would be considerably easier and less costly than sending
   "I think it's a worthy idea," says Rep. Edward R. Royce
chairman of the House International Relations subcommittee on Africa.
sure we would try to go out and jam in Rwanda if those circumstances
up again."
   Indeed, the United States and its allies are conducting a somewhat
similar operation in Bosnia.  Two months ago, NATO troops seized and
effectively shut down a station run by hard-line Bosnian Serb forces
the station broadcast inflammatory attacks on NATO forces trying to keep
the peace there.
   But it's a long step to go from these situations to the creation of a
permanent, formal unit run by the United Nations and scouring the world
search of radio broadcasts to jam.
   Who would determine exactly what kinds of radio programs should be
blocked and which programs could be aired? What would ensure that the
jamming decisions were not motivated by politics? Wouldn't the creation
such a United Nations operation strengthen the hand of governments that
want to jam radio transmissions for much less noble reasons?
   "This opens up a Pandora's box, really," says Richard Richter, the
director of Radio Free Asia, the federally funded station that
into Asian countries with repressive governments. "You'd have China
claiming that we American broadcasts should be jammed by the United
   Ultimately, a U.N. jamming squad would give official sanction to
restrictions on the free flow of information. Metzl's article has a
response to this problem, but it's a weak one.
   "During the Cold War, when the United States faced a Soviet adversary
intent on jamming the Voice of America and Radio Free Europe . . . , it
made sense for the United States to promote an absolute standard for the
free flow of information," he wrote. "Now, a more nuanced view should be
   But that's precisely backward: The free flow of information wasn't
merely a temporary means to winning the Cold War, but one of the goals
the endeavor.
   Although the problem of hate-filled radio broadcasts is a serious
there are ways of dealing with it that don't involve creating some huge,
supranational censorship unit.
   One alternative is simply to provide other, competing radio
In Rwanda, for example, the United Nations set up its own radio
both in the capital of Kigali and in radio camps.
   Royce's subcommittee has been exploring the possibility of creating a
Radio Free Africa, similar to Radio Free Europe, Radio Free Asia and
Marti, which broadcasts to Cuba.
   There are serious questions about whether such a new organization is
necessary, when VOA, the official U.S. government station, already
broadcasts intensively into Africa. But the underlying idea makes sense:
to transmit better, more accurate information to Africa, rather than
focusing on jamming or censorship.
   There are other ways of combating hate radio too. Those who directly
incite violence over the airwaves can be brought to justice. At the
moment, a war-crimes tribunal, set up under U.N. auspices, is
those responsible for the massacres in Rwanda. Among the suspects in
custody are some of those responsible for the Milles Collines radio
   But a worldwide, U.N.-run jamming team? As a Hollywood script, maybe
the idea has possibilities. As foreign policy, it's a loser.
   Jim Mann's column appears in this space every Wednesday.
PHOTO: U.S. member of NATO peace force guards television transmitter in
Udrigovo, Bosnia.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Associated Press --
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."
- Ben Franklin, ~1784
Received: from speedy1.bns.att.com by casnfc01.bns.att.com with ESMTP
Received: from attrh2.attrh.att.com (attrh2.attrh.att.com [135.38.12.15]) by speedy1.bns.att.com (8.7.3/2.5) with SMTP id SAA01642 for ; Thu, 4 Dec 1997 18:58:44 -0500 (EST)
Received: by attrh2.attrh.att.com (SMI-8.6/EMS-1.2 sol2)
Received: from kcig2.att.att.com by attrh2.attrh.att.com (SMI-8.6/EMS-1.2 sol2)
Received: (from nuucp at localhost)
Received: by kcgw2.att.com; Thu Dec  4 17:38 CST 1997
Received: (qmail 850 invoked by alias); 4 Dec 1997 23:47:52 -0000
Received: (qmail 818 invoked by uid 516); 4 Dec 1997 23:47:49 -0000
Delivered-To: ip-sub-1-outgoing at majordomo.pobox.com
X-Sender: farber at linc.cis.upenn.edu
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Pro Version 4.0 Release Candidate 3
Sender: owner-ip-sub-1 at majordomo.pobox.com
Precedence: list
Reply-To: farber at cis.upenn.edu

@_date: 1997-12-06 11:50:38
@_author: Stewart_William_C@bns.att.com 
@_subject: FW: GSM hack -- operator flunks the challenge 
Forwarded from RISKS
On Friday 13th September 1996, I read in comp.risks that:
on communicate chipcard this will This caught our attention - Cambridge University, being a registered charity, surely qualifies as a `social institution', and 100,000 DM
would buy us a state-of-the-art triple-wavelength laser microprobe workstation
for chipcard breaking. So we had a look at GSM and found a way to hack it.
We worked out what equipment we'd need and where we could borrow it,
assembled the team, checked that the attack would work in principle, and then
started trying to find the right person in Deutsche Telekom to speak to. We
needed to know the IMSI (international mobile subscriber identification) and
get written confirmation of the challenge; otherwise the attack might have
been interpreted as an offence under Britain's Wireless Telegraphy Act.
After some chasing around, unanswered e-mails and so on, we went to a
mobile phone fraud conference in June and made contacts there which suggested
some names, leading to further unanswered correspondence, and finally a faxed
reply. Here is a translation of the original German, online at Dear Dr Anderson
Many thanks for your fax of the 6th October 1997. Please excuse the late reply to your fax. The matter that you mentioned did not
originate from T-Mobil but from one of our service providers, the firm Mobilcom in Schleswig. We understand that the offer has since also been withdrawn by them. Yours etc.
How does our attack work? Well, when a GSM phone is turned on, its
identity (the IMSI) is relayed to the authentication centre of the company that issued it, and this centre sends back to the base station a set of five `triples'. Each triple consists of a random challenge, a response that
the handset must return to authenticate itself, and a content key for
encrypting subsequent traffic between the mobile and the base station. The base
station then relays the random challenge to the handset. The SIMcard which personalises the handset holds a secret issued by the authentication
centre, and it computes both the response and the content key from the random challenge using this secret.
The vulnerability we planned to exploit is that, although there is
provision in the standard for encrypting the traffic between the base station and
the authentication centre, in practice operators leave the transmissions in clear. This is supposedly `for simplicity' (but see below).
To break GSM, we transmit the target IMSI from a handset and intercept
the five triples as they come back on the microwave link to the base station. Now we can give the correct response to the authentication challenge, and encrypt the traffic with the correct key. We can do this online with a smartcard emulator hooked up through a PC to a microwave protocol analyser; in a less sophisticated implementation, you could
load the handset offline with the responses and content keys corresponding to
challenges 2 through 5 which will be used on the next four occasions
that you call.
The necessary microwave test set costs about $20,000 to buy, but could
be home built: it's more than an undergraduate project but much less than a
PhD, and any 23cm radio ham should be able to put one together. We would
have borrowed this, and reckoned on at most 3 person months for
SIM-handset protocol implementation, system integration, debugging and operational Given such an apparatus, you can charge calls to essentially any GSM
phone whose IMSI you know. IMSIs can be harvested by eavesdropping, both
passive and active; `IMSI-catchers' are commercially available.
The fix for our attack is to turn on traffic encryption between the GSM
base stations. But that will not be politically acceptable, since the spooks listen to GSM traffic by monitoring the microwave links between base stations: these links contain not only clear keys but also clear
telephony traffic. Such monitoring was reported in the UK press last year, and now
the necessary equipment is advertised openly on the net. See for example The RISK for intelligence agencies? Making systems like GSM give
government access to keys can have horrendous side effects (especially where this access is via channels that aren't properly documented and evaluated).
These side effects can get you into serious conflict with powerful commercial The RISKS for phone companies? Firstly, letting spook agencies bully you
into a bad security design with the assurance that it will only
compromise your customers' privacy, has as a likely side-effect the compromise of
your signalling and thus your revenue. (David Wagner, Bruce Schneier and John
Kelsey made this point for the US cellular system: see Secondly, most phone companies have no crypto expertise. Their security managers are largely ex-policemen or accountants, and so are unable to evaluate the security claims made by equipment manufacturers and intelligence agency representatives.
Thirdly, by restricting parts of the security specification to people
who signed a non-disclosure agreement, the GSM consortium deprived itself of
the benefit of open scrutiny by the research community. It is this scrutiny that has led to protocols such as SSL and SET having their holes found
and fixed. However, the global deployment of GSM ensured that many people
would be cleared to know the design, most of which can be got anyway by
observing traffic or by reverse engineering unprotected equipment. So public
scrutiny was inevitable - but only after billions of dollars' worth of equipment
had been deployed and the system could not changed. So the GSM security-by-obscurity strategy gave them the worst of all possible worlds. The consumer electronics industry should take note.
The specific RISK for Deutsche Telekom: responding to cynicism about GSM
security claims by putting up a reckless challenge and thus motivating
an The RISK for GSM users: that crooks running a call-sell operation will
book a very expensive phone call on your account. An established modus
operandi is to set up a conference call which their clients and counterparties
join in succession. As the bill isn't forwarded to the service provider until
the phone goes on-hook, you can end up with a five-figure bill for a call
that lasted several days and involved hundreds of overseas telephone numbers. Some GSM operators (such as Vodafone) limit this exposure by terminating all calls after six hours; but your IMSI can be used on a network that doesn't do this.
And of course, as with `phantom withdrawals' from cash machines, the use
of cryptography will `prove' that you're liable for the bill.
Ross Anderson, Cambridge University Computer Laboratory Acknowledgement: our research students Stefan Hild, Abida Khattak,
Markus Kuhn and Frank Stajano contributed in various ways to researching and planning this attack. An academic paper on the subject will appear in
due
