
@_date: 1993-11-21 22:42:26
@_author: M. Strata Rose 
@_subject: Virtual City Network update 
Virtual City Network(tm) Status Report, 11/21/93
Greetings, in some cases long overdue.
If you are reading this directly (ie, not as a mailing list or netnews),
your mail has been received and you have been either added to the
virtual-citizens mailing list or preregistered for the Virtual City Network.  I apologize for the delay in acknowledging correspondence
from everyone.  Here is a brief status report:
Roughly a week after the initial announcement of Virtual City Network,
I took a supposedly short term (one month) systems architect contract to
generate income so that I could continue working on VCN.  This allegedly
3/4-time position quickly turned into a 1 and 1/4 time position and
will last until the first week of January.  This has resulted in most
of the substantive coding work on VCN being postponed in favor of design work which can be done offline, research and meetings
with various interested parties, business contacts, fellow researchers,
For the last few months, virtual.net has been occupying a corner of
a workroom at a friendly company and unofficially sharing a T1 net link.
Unfortunately for us, this firm is expanding and needs the space for
their own use.  I have been exploring various options for office space
and sharing network bandwidth to meet their deadline for moving the
When the first of the recent sendmail bug announcements hit the
Internet, we had a breakin and I had to spend a substantial amount of
time going over the server to make sure nothing had been compromised.
Thursday morning I logged in as usual to find that we had
had *another* breakin on the server, this time much more serious than
the first.  Someone was allegedly using virtual-city.virtual.net as
a link in a chain of telnet sessions, ultimately ending up on IRC and
behaving offensively and objectionably.   I am still investigating this
Having two (or possibly more) crackers on the system within a 3 week
time period has been something of a last straw.  Since I had a hard
deadline of December 1st to move the system anyway, I took it offline
on Friday evening (Nov 19th).
At this point, the server is shut down and sitting in my livingroom.  I
will be bringing it up again in the next few days, and am arranging a
56K line to the house for access; right now we only have PPP 14.4Kbps service at home.  I am setting up an MX server so that mail to
virtual.net will continue to be delivered, that should be in place by
Tuesday evening.  Virtual-city.virtual.net is going to get a complete
system upgrade and security overhaul before it comes back online.
I will be installing a LISTSERV style mail handler for registration and automated handling of queries.  I will send an announcement when
the software is in place, probably sometime during the Thanksgiving
weekend.  I will not be turning on the virtual-citizens mailing list
until the LISTSERV is set up, as I cannot respond to add and delete
requests in a timely fashion while I am contracting on outside work.
Mail to virtual.net will not be working until the MX record and my
secondary server are both in place, so please send mail to me at either
of the following addresses:
strata at fenchurch.mit.edu
strata at hybrid.com
Please continue to send me questions and suggestions, I will respond
to each and every one, albeit rather slowly.  Thanks for being patient.
Even though I won't be able to do much in the way of power coding
until early January, I have been getting a lot accomplished.
This thing has a lot of moving parts, so I'm doing comprehensive
design rather than hacking stuff together.  Once some of the low-level
stuff is actually coded and not just on paper we should hit critical
mass within a fairly short time and VCN will start living up to its potential.  I am hoping to open the service to City Builders and Freelance Architects in mid to late January.
New Year's Party in the Virtual City Plaza?  Could still happen, but probably not with most of the interactive multimedia
originally planned, we're running about a month or two behind.
But you never know, I'm looking into some great Tcl/Tk stuff that
may not be hard to get running in the short term, even with the
massive constraints on my time right now.  I will send out updates
as I know more, and invite all of you to test features as they
I hope to make documentation available soon on the design of VCMTA and
the VCNCoreLib.  Right now I am pretty deep into designing the underlying structure of VCMTA, so I will be outsourcing a fair chunk
of the actual MOO hacking on the server structure.  At this point I
have design specs for various VCNCoreLib features (the built-in 'bot specs, Eliza handlers, etc) and am interested in contracting out
the actual implementation-- I am still a novice at low-level MOO coding and want to make sure this stuff is very clean and very solid!
I have some limited funding available for server hacking, especially
the load and unload core functions, so if you are an experienced MOO coder who would like to do some moonlighting, please contact me.  The
pay isn't great, but you'll be getting paid to write public-domain
MOO code that will be part of something Way Cool, and to potentially
co-author a paper on extensible server design that will be submitted
to a major VR conference next year.  Think of it as being a grad student at a non-accredited virtual university.  Not to mention
your name in virtual lights on the Marquee in every CityKit that goes out.  :-)
Those of you who have pet projects or ideas about facilities that should
be included in the Virtual City Network, please send me mail, especially
if you're interested in building them yourself and making them available
for others to use.  People who are interested in designing spaces in the city should start to design them on paper/in bits now so that they
can upload them easily once VCN opens.  We will be supporting HTML
documents as well as plain text for room descriptions, and will be setting up a Rogue's Gallery of players for browsing.  The Rogue's
Gallery will be accessible via Gopher and WWW as well-- you can work
on the text of your character's description and create GIF files of the
character, your planned virtual spaces, etc, right now and then have
them readily available to upload later.  Feel free to get started now!
Design your virtual spaces and the objects that should be in them, get busy on that artwork, and watch for more mail from us.
Closing the gap between Theorem Et Practicum,
M. Strata Rose
Unix & Network Consultant, SysAdmin & Internet Information Virtual City Network
strata at virtual.net | strata at hybrid.com | strata at fenchurch.mit.edu
[Virtual City Network is a trademark of VirtualNet and M. Strata Rose.]

@_date: 1993-10-10 01:46:00
@_author: M. Strata Rose 
@_subject: PGP misunderstanding 
Hi Hal & others, this is Strata, author of the Virtual City (tm) Network "faq" (which raises more questions than it answers, rev 1.1 will be more customarily faq-like.)   Someone forwarded me your posting re
the faq and I thought I would take a moment to reply.  Please direct
any correspondence to me directly, I am only on cypherpunks-announce
and not the list itself.
I had a misunderstanding about the PGP key servers, not
realizing they existed to register your keys with and not to generate them. I have planned from the beginning to include serious privacy technology in
the Virtual City, up to and including objects in the master database which
can only be decrypted at runtime by those who have keys for them.  I have
been talking with Hugh Daniel about making his ideas on NYM's an integral
part of the infrastructure and plan to include Digital Cash as soon as a
version is ready to go.  I was at today's Cypherpunks meeting to get
more info on PGP and discuss details of the infrastructure with folks.
I will be posting a slightly revised 1.0.1 faq which corrects some
minor mistakes and also gives correct info about PGP key generation in
I will be writing up details of how I am thinking of implementing
some of the privacy structure mentioned in the faq and above
and posting it here for people to shoot at.  I am very interested in
doing this "right".   In the last 48 hours since I posted the faq
a number of messages from folks asking how they can get a public key, so I
want to head them in the right direction.  If I were to admit something
seditious in public, which I  never do, I might say that one of my many goals
for the Virtual City (tm) Network was to get Joe & Jane Undergrad or
Salaryperson casually using privacy tech in a matter of fact way-- they'll
use it to protect their identity and privacy in the VC environment and to
perform commercial transactions online.  I think that people are not using the privacy tech that's out there
simply because they feel they have no compelling reason to do so.  If
people start needing to use it to get at things they think are
interesting or cool they will become familiar with the use of the tech
and begin to use it casually elsewhere.  That would seem to be the Right
To spread usage out beyond Virtual City (tm) Network, I've also been thinking that later on when the service is established I
should start an encrypted "vcn" news hierarchy.  This will get randoms using PGP to read the news feed. I'm not familiar enough with the most
recent news control mechanisms to feel certain that I can somehow
"bounce" cleartext posts to these groups, I might have to make it
unidirectional and gatewayed solely through a hacked mail filter that
requires encrypted text.  My worry is that sites that
do satellite feeds might balk at carrying it, thinking it might violate some
FCC regs about non-cleartext data over public airwaves.  They might be right,
I need to learn more about possible legal ramifications before doing that.
Cheerfully educable,
PS- I will support folks choosing their own encryption on data envelopes, but
after seeing Arthur's presentation today I think I'd better make it
abundantly clear that we can in no way be held liable if they insist on DES
M. Strata Rose
Unix & Network Consultant, SysAdmin & Internet Information Virtual City (TM) Network
strata at virtual.net | strata at hybrid.com | strata at fenchurch.mit.edu

@_date: 1993-10-11 15:16:23
@_author: M. Strata Rose 
@_subject: PGP misunderstanding 
And just what is the point of an encrypted newsgroup?  What key(s) would
you use to encrypt the messages, and why?
I would create a pair of keysets, VCNPoster and VCNReader and have both the
public and private keys accessible via finger.  The outbound news would be
encrypted as if these two nyms were exchanging messages.  It's not a security
thing, it's just that people who won't bother to learn how to use the
technology won't be able to read or post there.  That will be enough
incentive to get another class of folks using it, IMHO.
M. Strata Rose
Unix & Network Consultant, SysAdmin & Internet Information Virtual City (TM) Network
strata at virtual.net | strata at hybrid.com | strata at fenchurch.mit.edu

@_date: 1994-03-21 16:05:33
@_author: M. Strata Rose 
@_subject: Mar 12 mtg notes [long, 35K] 
Here are my notes on the March 12th meeting; I haven't really edited them, so
they are kind of rough, but if I waited until I had time to edit them they'd
never get posted.  All I've done is run thrm through a spelling checker and
do minimal clarification where I was typing only pieces of something.  They
were in Acta format, not plain text, so there are lots of tiny paragraphs
that used to be outlines, the indentations still carry some of the form
though.  I apologize for the formatting, the mac editors are lame about
saving text with layout, putting in an extra LF with the CR's and doing
other lossage.  And we won't even talk about getting rid of "smart
quotes" (aargh); at least two major editors force you to do find/replace
to get rid of them...  I would be happy to save a postscript version of the document and put it up for FTP on soda.
Comments, clarifications, and identifications of folks who are annotated as
"??" should be sent to strata at fenchurch.mit.edu, not to the whole list (where
I wouldn't see them anyway, since I am only on cypherpunks-announce). Apologies to the folks who didn't want 35K of notes in their mailbox, the
tyranny of the vocal majority requested they be posted... :-)
[Notes on Cypherpunks meeting at Cygnus, Mar 12 1994.  Copyright M.
Strata Rose, 1994, all rights reserved.  This document may be forwarded
in its entirety for personal communication but may not be quoted at length without the author's permission.  Journalists wishing to use this
document as source material must first contact the author.]
Show-n-tell: cypherpunks digital phone project
engineering prototype on Codex chip, etc etc; final target price under $1K
something called Phaser Phone, crypto phone, USGov used the patent to slap a classified on the technology.
Phil Karns made request for Applied Cryptography, ruled to be in public domain and thus exportable; the day he got that on paper he filed a second request on "is the floppy exportable?"
Someone should file a CJ request for PGP
way, Mbone audio link
message-stick, one delegate per site to talk, control room has a hush feature to shut up non-delegate speakers; later on there will probably be some echos-- people will type live meeting into MOO areas
Head count
sideswipe of separation of powers; Dorothy Denning mentions economic ploy-- using discretionary fund to purchase clippered phones w/o legislative review, creating demand & standard in one swoop
can"t just ask executive branch to restrain itself; we will have to restrain legislature w/judicial restraint; we probably need an amendment to enhance privacy to preclude lossage.  Four main points are:
pseudonymity before trying to get stuff for amendment
Tim May:
tradition of banfrey/banfey pub by ??B in cambridge subsidiary of harper & rowe
systems workings) (how cryto anarchy might work) time, so he wrote a rant on the coming police state; may drift into a police state not by malice but by gradual surveillance for "our own good".  how about using Chawmean(sp?) credentials for anonymity based on payments beforehand.
example health system stuff, could lead to things like diabetics being denied access to bars as incidental info comes up on age-check scan
secret decoder ring technology, not concentrating enough on fighting routine surveillance by "benign" agencies; Tim is not seeing any mainstream discussion of Chawm technology in American press.
immigrants goes into effect, or if national health plan card goes worst case.  Double whammy this month:  clipper goes through as if we never tried, then digital telephony II resubmitted for massive tapping and lossage. under DTII the meeting today would have to be tappable.
having hearings, John, EFF, & randoms (phone, computer, civil libs folks) will be testifying.  Wants to take small exception to what Tim is sayng; EFF has taken strong stance that transactional data shouldn"t be available without a real live warrant; DTII says that gov folks could get phone numbers, etc w/o even going through a court.  Mentions cell phones keep your cell location even when you"re not on the phone, auto net trackers, etc, this is transactional data, this is why they are tryiing to get this into law now before people are thinking about this much.  One thing came out in hearings is how much law enforcement folks are already demanding direct from phone companies (to get your bills if they"re in investigations), they get more than 100K people's  phone bills and do web analysis on drug dealers, etc; source for 100K number is House report on the ECPA.  One of most important parts is to protect transactional data with bureaucratic process reviewed by juidicial staff.
and lot of other groups fighting for this, he in person has no faith in the govt being trustworthy, do security via obscurity and just plain don"t let the govt figure it out, have it encrypted.
converted though; problems due to ignorance and apathy on part of people, people not aware of full ramifications of personal privacy.  Europeans seem to be more aware.
to things, that you shouldn"t be selling your info (such as ATM supermarket purchases) w/o consent and knowledge.
says we need to set agenda and work on positioning.
now and stuff in Eastern europe
yourself from your neighbors"
pamphlets so that when we can give them info when we GET their attention!  lots of anti clipper, lots of tail ends in other stuff
wants to give govt solution and make ourselves the watchmen
juicy and fun, give folks motivation to use the tools.
create anticlipper sentiment in new grads, semiotic anticlipper thingy, weenies on clipper, those dudes have access to the PACS
toll booth problem, popularizin them
that protects our privacy
Research Council, needs good people to be on review board/panel
do propaganda and to generate publicity & opinion
are willing to be contacted (is part of press kit), *do* a press kit
functions about this
usenet feed, etc
action, and to amplify political power in the hands of people
with a solution on how to do this:
letters to state (much less feds) count in certain ways
exception [support/anti support for bills, treated later 3/19 _S]
interesting to legislators once they come from someone who isn"t a voter in their own district; in some district offices the staff has instructions to throw away unread stuff from people outside the district
they DO pay attention to? (registered voters in their district)
identifiable as a member of a partisan group, political affiliation, or other organization, ie not a drone from somewhere like NRA, church, etc, ie something that seems to be from a private citizen rather than from a push group" (highest value)
mucho power
check, but next after that is private citizen apparently writing from an individual concern.
people from their own districts appearing to spontaneously write in and say "hey, don't do this" or "hey, do that".
all of them, contact committee members, target them; "major perversion, err amendment" (his quote!) goes on in committee.  [Request for] bill status documents bill's  path through committees,  subcommittees.  Identify few members of key committees that are real decision makers who can kill the bill before it hits the floor, where they don"t dick with it much.  If we can persuade their voters in their district to contact them apparently spontaneously, we have clout that exceeds lobbyists.
public record and available in machine readable form;
real citizens in your own district to send real letters to a citizen in the key members" district, just tell us how many letters you are wiling to write and we"ll give you mailing labels for them and some sample letters to modify electronically to write to the folks!
authoritarian form letter it is supposed to be grass roots; please use typewriter fonts only, give folks scripts to do mailmerge stuff on their personalized form letters, idealized letters.
less inflammatory, polite, post via FTP and call for effort, say I"ll provide you with names & addrs; 600,000 with probably 250K reg voters; provide folks with scattering of names so that everyone doesn"t send their own letter to neighbors, businesses in same area (to prevent people from thinking its a scam or form letter)
provide name & addr of cooperating people in district of test recipients (and will tell you), so that I can find out what you"re sending and when you"re sending it, ie tell them that there are salts in the list but not who the salts are...
sending to newspapers; typical ways you can draft a letter that will almost certainly make it into editorial pages, provide forms and instructions on how to do that
bill,  and in sample letter] in such a way as any reader could find out issues, topics, who to write to, etc but so that direct cutting and pasting was *hard* but getting info out was easy, so people wrote in and gave same info but no two letters really resembled each other so the effect was very powerful
letters to the editor page will exceed comics and sports!
so that knocks down the list of those to influence to write;  the ringer is that politicians have a different kind of arithmetic they have memorized; it's  not the population, not the reg voters, not the voters who actually go out and vote because in a contested election most of those are won by a 5 to 10% margin; so anyone a legislator believes can swing 10% of the vote in their next election is someone to be "cozied up to and feared".  Numbers turn out to be (upcoming boardwatch article by Warren) 3500 to 7-8K affected in a typical district, if you can affect those voters you can swing the election.  Ways to figure out which ones those are, BTW.
addresses, but will typically track who has voted in the last X elections, ie whether or not you showed up.  You can get that info!  Every candidate running wants to know who ACTIVE, likely registered voters are.  Don Hopkins asks if politicians are smart enough to check letters from folks against names of active frequent voters; it is actually a criminal violation in many districts!  System in SoCal called Monarch that tracks voters and can pull names and addresses, they can pull your info when they get a letter to see if you"ve voted recently, what listed party affiliation is, etc.
been blocked off from legislator's  staff via their own computers, they have to go to the Partisan office.
master copies of leaflets and door stuffers.  Available to residents in or near a congressional legislator's  district.  Works for any legislation, not just anticrypto and not just congresscritters.  Activist near target geographic area must print on laser printer, do good quality leaflet, though there may be marketing justification for making it look somewhat tools, used by activists, you don"t have to be charming, etc, can do from your own home 7x24, "this is Nerd Power folks!  This is Active Participation, this is access to information so provocative and persuasive that they are persuaded to act, this is Patrick Henry writing inflammatory text that Ben Franklin prints on the printing press in the spare room in his home that Paul Revere rides down the electronic highway shouting and handing out literature..." that it is absolutely useless to covert interests, doesn"t work on issues that can"t be open action, that the public wouldn"t support!  You don"t have to be covert, you don"t have to sneak up.  You can say here's  exactly what we"re doing, if you know what's  going on you will get really annoyed and help the cause.  His guess is that this will be fairly mature and ripe technology by 1996 presidential elections and that this will be a massive tool in the 2000"s.
nonpartisan citizen to his/her elected official; "this is a chance to use these ThinkerToys to ... "
he's  been using it in environmental movment, is more effective with a central organization, like EFF, someone needs to do this (radio shows, get volunteers, etc)
ranging from wordsmith to scutwork secretarial to political insiders/realworld familiarity to put it all together. But it doesn"t take a lot of people to do it and it can be done by a much much larger range of people than the ones who can do traditional style PACtion.  Does not require significant loot!  Caveat here:  the computer, laser printer, etc better be owned by private individual or by registered political org, otherwise you"re asking for trouble unless you register it as an In-Kind Contribution, can lose your 501(c)3, rival politicians will look for this and any other thing to cause trouble and shut you down!  Major flak in Sactoh has some senior politicians doing jail time for using such resources for poli stuff.
enthusiasts, to severely restrict machine readable and even paper copies Milton Markson in Senate (SF) Jackie Spear in House (south SF); only big money parties and incumbents would have access if that passes.  Indicentally it ain"t hard to get this, he has DAT tape that he always carries with him, has all reg voters for SantaClara and SanMateo (750K-
850K, 400K respectively) on hard disk as well as property records (assessors records).  Straight off magtape was 400-500Meg per county.  Company in SoCal in SanDiego that has pressed CDROM voter reg records for under $100, privacy advocates "going orbital" over this, statutory restrictions that these are supposed to be being used for campaign, etc.  but a helluva lot more people are buying them than can be accounted for that way and you know they are being abused by market-o-droids.  that in many cases a senator will have many people who agree wholeheartedly with their (to us, lame) cause, example of senator in Arkansas, trying to do gun control campaign-- ha ha, good luck! precinct walkers and drones; arthur abrahms says "its a brilliant way to subvert localization of political process"
to stop anyone from contribing to state or local campaign who was not able to vote in that campaign.  Jim thought it was neat until someone in Common Cause pointed out fallacy (contribs are political speech, so 1st amend).  Main fallacy is that congress votes on laws that affect all of us, so members on key committee might not be elected by any of us in a district yet we are going to be affected by their votes, so it's  right and correct for us to seek to affect them.
w/voter reg letters to send pre-emailings to people likely to have email addrs, etc...
letters, almost never have time to meet people, etc etc;  their time is sucked up by all kinds of folks....the flapper system is alive and well, flappers read and summarize all...
subcommittees somewhere easily downloadable,  also list of districts by zipcode so we can filter our own addressbooks to find folks in good districts; Jim thinks much committee stuff is ftpable from cpsr.org.  Zip code exists, every political operative probably has it, can be created from precinct records, but legally shaky, maybe 70% of zip is in one district and 30% in another, so not as great.
Finger a zipcode and find out who your legislator and member of assembly is:  finger 94087 at sen.ca.gov, has a nice little finger daemon to do the lookup....
was dead, he said "why, its a great bill?", "well we can"t find any support for it", "well what do you need as evidence of support?"  The aide said "10 or 15 letters or faxes would be a strong showing of support", I said "out of *31 million californians?!*" and she said *yes*.  That is a good idea of how much a letter from your own district counts.  Only exception to "own district" rule is a bill's  author wants to see a whole lot of letters from anywhere at all; they HATE to see letters opposing the bill.  Mentions 1991 example of "the offending sentence" in a bill , outlawing crypto, "they got torched to hell and gone", took only 2 weeks to get rid of the offending sentence. letter to bill's  author supporting or opposing!
Campaign data in Palo Alto, acquire all this info from county, will sell it to you in mag tape, labels, printing, walking order maps, etc.  On the cheapo, go to voter reg place (county clerk etc) for a given jurisdiction and purchase info on diskette (often, but sometimes in 9track ebcdic).    process for crypto issue, against software patent monopoly, for state push to get political disclosures available electronically for free online  jwarren at well.sf.ca.us
[note: firewalls list recently posted address for it, look in ftp.greatcircle.com for list archives of past month 3/19 _S]
related to CERT advisory passwd cracking stuff, we put a press release out re: public release of Kerberos, they called up Cygnus noticing from the press wire; Gumby gave a demo gotten from cracker's  passwd sniffer which was installed by cracker; other story in that news segment was about 3 guys put up billboard looking for wives and a voicemail number, someone hacked in and put a new outgoing message saying "thanks for calling but we"re really only interested in men".
commerce & export
Counsel analysis folks who were saying that licensing scheme violates 1st amendment; have been writing memos to that effect for years!
1, etc, this is one arm of the govt stonewalling another arm
because of 1980 hearings on Govt Classification of Private Ideas  (crypto, patents, private research on atomic energy were main topics); turned onto those hearings by Brahms Gang posting on sci.crypt, found copy of hearing in Fed depository, later found transcripts of entire hearings not just minutes/proceedings; very first memo from office of legal counsel is repro"d in minutes, saying "we"re trying to tell you it's  unconstitutional".
patent on something they can order you not to tell anyone about it and they can put your patent application on hold indefinitely and you can go to jail for a decade for talking about it; George Devita (early crypto inventor) got notified on a speakerphone surrounded by students and was thus in violation immediately, publicized his case to NYTimes & congresscritter, part of impetus for hearings, NSA backed down.
internal generation [of items] is pretty good....
needs to go into a bill to kill Clipper RIGHT NOW...
comm, Eric says no, that will create a market, maybe a secondary strategy is if clipper passes then try that
there's  a regulation against it, they asked Mike Godwin and he said  don"t mention it you"d be screwing up!
somesuch to enforce the statute against the NSA doing this kind of stuff (standards setting, classification)
civilian crypto then the FIP defines the way you vet clipper as being "ask the nsa"; other way to define legislation is that escrowed keys be available to corresponding citizen and citizen notified of attempted and denied access
notify citizen of end of time; Bill says in clipper you don"t know your own key so you should be able to know it;
(fed standards)
sentence from Mark Rotenberg, EFF counsel:  "it's  much more interesting to change the law than to adjudicate it."
be accessed by method A, B, C but not *disallowed* kinds of access
and government (chip)
that industry will say it's  too expensive to implement ; Eric, no, backward strategies are too dangerous.
that will override the gov"t, can we persuade individual states not to use clipper and thus break the back of clipper that way (ie propose legislation that prevents CA from buying clipper phones)
require 2/3 majority
crypto should be required or disallowed plays into the hands of people who want to control crypto; how about coattailing on English is not national language movement, no one shall be required to speak in particular language.
recapitulated by Eric H in response to Tim, Tim says we shouldn"t be encouraging legislation, it encourages the feeling that they CAN legislate crypto policies.
amendment basically "right of free speech and assembly should not be abrogated by technological progress."   in fed register, rquire for all standards, procedure before adoption
bureau of export (non military only); that agency has an entire culture of making regs easier & promoting export, etc; commerce always goes in and fights for decontrol, will create counterbalance force in govt pointing the right way!
auto-approval on export/distribution, ie after N weeks it goes out if they don"t do anything... also that would be a good amendment to 3627
custody or key retention ["detention" says crowd].
put in espionage from his writing, if you think up terms that are better they *will* use them.
key generation service
hostage, key confiscation, forfeiture, skeleton key, key minting
system, possible parallel in surrendering your documents when you key chaperone, duplicate key demonstration, keyjackers
Just say NO to key escrow.  Hell no, I won"t escrow.
key conscription
key seizure privacy forfeiture system key crib
communication permit, privacy permit, security permit
permissible privacy
key disclosure system
denial of privacy
ministry of privacy  (minipriv & minisec, one holds each half)  Winston privateers, J Edgar Hoover Data Vacuum
but has heard of Clipper, so we should hack on clipper.
"information snooper highway"  (info sniffer highway, Tim quips)
cracking machine or talk the class nerd into it    call it the "buttcracking machine"  memos realistically as a form of satire; Strata:  no, it's  too dangerous,  we can"t afford to have people link us to not clearly labelled satirical documents; Gilmore: yes, remember how the cypherpunks community felt about being on the receiving end of the misinformation barrage via Detweiler; Tim: why not misinformation, just make it too bogus, etc; Gilmore: read great satire about Internet collapsing due to flat rate pricing, no investment by service providers, and in fact Nader commission just snuck a flat rate proposal in a couple days ago to "encourage competition"; Bill Stewart:  yep april 1st is coming up, April 1st RFCs are traditional.; Tim clarifies he wants to make them look ridiculous, ludicrous, start a campaign of laughter against them; Arthur suggests that people don"t know the issues well enough; John Morton suggests preparing a white paper/FAQ style and gradually leading them into the issues and making it clear how silly it is.
bans draperies, the drapery escrow stuff; Martin Minow says people should contact any Hollywood contacts as they have experience getting stuff out.  Tim May:  SNL did satire commercials of little Newton Message Pads of LCD notes, waiting for it to boot, etc.   You could probably get SNL to do a fake commercial on key registration or key escrow, etc.  Stuff was good-- after Newton pseudomercial 300 people apparently called Apple wanting to buy one!  Bill Stewart:  get Rush Limbaugh to do a fake commercial too and get the *other* half of the country.
the government, we"re here to help you
you {waco, welfare}
can get that mayor who did the expose yourself to art posters!
you outside a court of law.
talk around classified info" at an old job of his, on phones.
turned into a screen saver but cypherpunks could issue a whole screensaver set and license it to Berkeley Systems; Martin Perry: spy vs spy too; every now and again it will randomly look like a fax is being made and say a copy of this screen is being sent to a govt agency; every time it is invoked it shows you what was on your screen the last time it was invoked; Tim May-- virus that says your hard disk is being overseas encrypted w/magic cookie, send FOIA request to retrieve it!
questions?  call someone and ask them.
dangerous to.....
different slogans that appeal to other groups ranging from Schafly and rightwing, etc.
brings up clipper would violate this>)
miles away?  You will!  houston hack:  "I will always hear you" and "from a distance" are more private than others nothing to hide
jokes would stand closer to the mike!
south into clipper....
debate to expand police capacity for legal wiretap; protest movement is using term  (sp?) "a transparent citizenry"
say you have something to hide if you are fighting clipper.
remailer works to send return mail back with encrypted block; he has some docs on the remailer/blink anon server.  A remailer that doesn"t need to know the correspondences between anon-ids and real-ids.   Can"t run it for real yet, he has restrictions on his account, but contact him via email if you want to help test it.  Also started writing an install script for cypherpunks remailers, if you get this install script you can just type install remailer and you"ll get a standard remailer that can tell "normal" mail from mail that should get remailed, etc.  Available for ftp on soda.
hopes to port to PC and Mac, keeping modular portable components in key.  Is crypto toolkit, has DES, RSA, diffy-helleman, gnu database, Ian Smith did C client wrapper for reading, interpreting mailers,  lightweight threads out of SunOS, also setjmp/lngjmp.  Wants to have support for threaded Dynin (DCNET) cryptography net, have random IP services in that.  Plans to have FTP stuff (for US Citizens only) out before April trip to Budapest & Berlin; quip that he can"t go since he knows this stuff.  Tim May mentions that if he said he was going w/the intention of implementing stuff outside the country he could be in trouble.
M. Strata Rose
Unix & Network Consultant, SysAdmin & Internet Information Virtual City Network (tm)
strata at virtual.net | strata at hybrid.com | strata at fenchurch.mit.edu
