
@_date: 2003-04-19 12:30:22
@_author: stuart 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
HS>    Agreed, except for smoking in public. All smoking in public should be
HS> banned. No one has the right to pollute the air I have to breath, in any way. I
HS> shouldn't have to breath in or even smell someones else's drug as I walk down
HS> the street.
You know, by exhaling, you're releasing dangerous carbon dioxide into
air, which is air pollution, so I'm going to propose a bill to prevent
you from breathing in public, because you don't have the right to
pollute the air I breathe.
Smoking in public, that's an easy one to pick on. But the argument
holds no water, unfortunately. Find me RELIABLE, UNBIASED evidence that
second-hand smoke is actually dangerous, and I'll agree to ban smoking.
Everybody's 'second-hand smoke causes cancer' routine is based on a 1992
EPA report that manipulated data to fit their preconceived notion of
what was 'bad'. They fit the facts to their hypothesis, not the other
way around. They ignored legitimate studies that didn't support their
hypothesis and had to actually lower their standards of risk assessment
to 'prove' a connection between second-hand smoke and lung cancer.
Find some real research by an INDEPENDENT party with real evidence that
second-hand smoke causes cancer.
Cardiovascular disease is the biggest killer in America.
This fraudulent EPA report estimates 3000 people die from second-hand
smoke related illness each year. Almost 3000 people die EACH DAY
from cardiovascular disease.
Let's go over that again:
second-hand smoke: 3000 per year
cardiovascular disease: almost 3000 PER DAY
So why are people trying to ban smoking in public instead of banning
McDonalds and Burger King? Getting rid of McDonalds would surely ease
America's cardiovascular strain, it would lower health insurance costs,
the rest of the world might not consider us the bloated, fat-gorged
leech on the ass of humanity, and Brazil might have some more forests.
America would be much healthier if instead of eating at McDonalds people
went to Subway, even if Subway was filled with chain-smoking nicotine
fiends. But I guess it's a lot easier to pick on smoking than fast food.
Car exhaust is far worse than cigarette smoke. Ban cars first.
Oh wait, that'd be a bit inconvenient, wouldn't it.
Wait, I know! Airplanes! They release more toxic fumes than anything!
But that'd be inconvenient too. Hmmmm.....
VOLCANOES! Yeah, volcanoes release more toxins into the air than the
entire industrial revolution did! How do you ban volcanoes, though....
I'm sorry you don't like cigarette smoke. Don't stand downwind.
Don't try to ban it, though.
Banning. Ick.
I'm always very distrustful of people who want to ban things.
There are always better ways.

@_date: 2003-04-29 21:17:37
@_author: stuart 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
JC> Bullshit line of reasoning (actually your whole line is pretty much tits
JC> up but why waste precious time). It's not a matter of 'proof'. It -is- a
JC> matter of interfering with others. Note they are not saying you can't
JC> smoke, they -are- saying that you can't make them smoke along with you.
JC> There is this concept called 'consent'. You seem to be missing it.
JC> You can do what you want until it interferes with what another wants. If
JC> they want to breath unpolluted air and drink clean water then there is
JC> nothing that gives you the right to pollute either outside of -your-
JC> immediate vicinity.
There is a line, that line is harm, not discomfort. My argument is that
there are many things that cause discomfort, that's life, tough shit.
If smoking actually caused harm to people near a smoker, I wouldn't
protest any of these bans. But nobody has been able to prove it does.
I know exactly what consent is. I don't consent to the kid next to me in
my OS class who doesn't know what deodorant is stinking the room up, but
it doesn't cause me any harm so the law has no right to impose speed
stick on him.
People aren't permitted to blast music in the middle of the night
because it prevents other people from sleeping, which causes harm.
When smoking is banned in places, it removes the RIGHT of the owner of
that place to permit or prohibit a legal activity within their domain.
Without those laws the owner could permit smoking, and patrons could
then CONSENT to go to that place, or go somewhere else, where the owner
has prohibited smoking. So yeah, I know what consent is, do you know
what private property is?

@_date: 2003-07-08 13:00:06
@_author: stuart 
@_subject: Idea: The ultimate CD/DVD auditing tool 
But you don't need to go to analog at all.
I mean, aren't we using computers here?
Using VSound for Linux (which I have used) and Virtual Audio Cable for
Windows (which I haven't used) you can tap the signal before it even
hits the sound card. I use VSound to make usable sound files from
realaudio files. Both sites even say a sound card isn't even necessary.
I don't know, I haven't tried that.
VSound is archived at  but is no longer
maintained by the author, who is Australian and scared of Australia's
version of the DMCA, because this tool can obviously be used to
circumvent copyright protection. Then again, so can a 3-inch 1/8mm to
1/8mm cable, but audio cable manufacturers are poor targets, while
solitary programmers are much better at drawing the ire of
anti-copyright circumvention death squads.
Now, when DRM gets into windows, I'm sure Virtual Audio Cable will stop
working, RealAudio will stop making linux clients (why bother?), RIAA
will (try to) make CDs that can only be played with windows clients,
etc. Then someone will crack the formats of the audio streams and the
CDs, and round and round she goes, where she stops, nobody knows.
As things are now, it's easy to get the digital signal before it reaches
the DAC, you don't need to go to DAC -> ADC, you don't need to plug your
line-out to your line-in and degrade your signal.
If the RIAA get their content to only work on Windows-type boxes, and if
MS gets DRM to work in their Windows, things will become much more
difficult. But these are big ifs that can quite possibly be circumvented
even if they do come to fruition. There's always high-end sound cards
that don't even use analog.
DRM is not going to stop file sharing.
They're trying to catch smoke with nets.

@_date: 2003-05-21 15:09:17
@_author: stuart 
@_subject: TIA: Terrorist Information Awareness 
The Total Information Awareness Program has been dressed in drag,
now it is the Terrorist Information Awareness Program.
Best line:
"Saying they are worried about Americans' privacy, Pentagon officials
 announced in a report today that they were changing the name of a
 projected system to mine databases for information to help catch
 terrorists to Terrorist Information Awareness from Total Information
 Awareness."
They're worried about Americans' privacy, so they change the name?
How thoughtful of them, I feel better already.
