
@_date: 2000-12-01 16:41:30
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Questions of size... 
Jim, quit being an ass.  Just because there is a limit doesn't mean you should strive to reach it.
No, it's called fair use.  And no, you don't EDIT it, you quote one paragraph or two out of the entire story, and you post the url
so those who are interested can go off and read it.
Sending the whole entire thing isn't fair use.
Poor excuse.  You aren't at the mercy of your software.  Learn to use your mouse.  Learn to use the edit menu.  Drag your mouse over
the first paragraph, right click, select copy.
Hit Control-M in Netscape since that's what you're claiming to be using, click in the body, right click, select paste. Congratulations you've just quoted a paragraph.
Now, hit Alt-Tab to go back to the browser window, click on the url and highlight it by dragging or double clicking it.  Right
click, select copy, or hit Control-C.  Now Alt-Tab back to your message, click somewhere where you want to paste the url, right click and select paste.
Why is that so hard?
See above.  Consider yourself empowered.
Cypherpunks is a mailing list composed of servers and users.  Just as it would be off topic to talk about carpet cleaning solutions
or your favorite brand of toilet paper because you'd piss off those with whom you wish to share, it's not useful to most of us for
you to post big huge chunks of HTML blobs and force us to drag cookies and images in from the web site they came in from.
The reason I even bother to tell you this is because I usually find the articles you post intesteresting, but it would be more
useful if they weren't such huge hogs.
But hey, at some point, you weigh the benefit versus the trouble of dealing with huge messages and the balance tips over.  At that
point, you go into the killfile.  Nothing personal, but if you waste my time and bandwidth for something marginally interesting,
I'll decide to not waste my time any longer.
That others agree or not is up to them.
It's not a demand.  It's not a mandate.  It's a request.
Analogy: Say were in a hunting club that decides to share the bounty: Say, I go off and shoot wild boars, and leave you a leg once in a while, some ribs to someone else, a leg to another, etc.
On the other hand, you went out in the woods and shot some deer and dropped several carcases, bleeding and still not gutted, some
still alive and pain, off on my doorstep, I might be quite happy to enjoy some vennison.  But if you did it every day, I'd find too much vennison a pest rather than a boon.  Now, I go and ask you, "Thanks much for the
favor, I appreciate it, but it's too much, could you just leave me no more than a leg once a month?"
[Or an even better analogy, rather than bringing me carcases, tell me where you've picked them off, so if I need more meat or
trophies, I can hunt them down myself.]
If you go off spewing about dictatorships and holier than thou, I have no choice but to think that you're a loon and ask you to no
longer bring me any vennison and I no longer provide you with bacon.  If it still shows up on my property bleeding and messy and
more than I need, then I lock my gate to you.
In a free society you're free to do whatever you like.  That includes pissing people off for sure.  But that includes the ability to
complain to others whose behaviour is somewhat beneficial, but in being excessive becomes detrimental.  It includes the ability to
ask those who piss you off to cease doing so.  Sure, it's up to them to do so or not.  But in free society, no one should be forced
to live with abusive behaviors from others either.
[Hint: the difference between this and socialism is that in socialism, you're not only forced to live with the bores, but you're
forced to buy them a free drink, meal and housing every so often.]
You should be free to ask others who share a resource to do so in a way that makes the majority of its members happy.  No, this
isn't about democracy, it's about common courtesy.  And when they say, "I don't know how to do that" you can of course show them how, but what would YOU do when they refuse and insist
on continuing?

@_date: 2000-12-11 17:13:27
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: IBM Uses Keystroke-monitoring in NJ Mob Case (was Re: 
Physical locks can be picked.
I doubt it's worth bothering with unless someone can figure out a good protocol to implement.  Why?  Simple.  Two words: Hardware
Once you have access to the hardware, including installing both hardware and software sniffers, the game is over.
The attacker isn't after your passphrase just to have the passphrase.  The attacker is after your data.  He wants access to what's
in that encrypted email or file.
And how does that data get encrypted?  You type it in.  Or you print or display it.  At those two points, someone with hardware
access can get to your data without having your passphrase by bugging your keyboard, monitor's output, or printer output.
If you type in your messages on the PC and encrypt them before you send them, what's the use? A Keyboard sniffer has already got the
message you think you've encrypted.
But since you have to type in your passphrase to access the data, they have your passphrase also.
Let's go back to using a PDA, ring or other access method:
1. If you simply send your passphrase over a serial port, USB port, IR, ethernet, or any other kind of communications bus, it can be
2. You can do other things such as send the encrypted key to the PDA, have the PDA decrypt it after it asks its owner for a
passphrase (and salt with timestamps) but once the key is on the (untrusted) PC, its as good as captured, and so is the data.
3. If you do all the crypto on the PDA (mighty slow unless you've got a beefy PDA) you're choked by the communication method's
throughput - which isn't bad over USB.  *But* if you display anything on the PC it too can be captured.
Bottom line: Unless you can handcuff a notebook to yourself 24/7/365 and never sleep, it's mighty damned hard to trust it.  There's
always some intrusion vector via the hardware.
You can harden your hardware against tampering, which is a guaranteed way to bring up the topic of exploding hard drives, etc. :)
And both myself and Tim will tell you "Look in the Archives, we've talked about this to death already."
Another option is to have a small portable fully functional computer and just use a big USB/Firewire/SCSI disk to store the
encrypted data.  Since all the sectors read/written on this drive are encrypted, hardware access to the hard drive gains your
attacker nothing.  At best they can only damage the drive, which if you have backups is a negligible annoyance.
For civilized attackers, remember there is TEMPEST monitoring to worry about.
For less civilized attackers: You can be mugged or robbed, but if they get your notebook without the passphrase, it's a waste of
their time.  So if the notebook is returned to you, sell it on eBay and setup a new one.
And at some point, even if you have your notebook with you at all times, you will fall asleep - naturally or with the help of a
sleeping pill in your drink, etc.  When you do, your attacker has physical access to your notebook, and to you.
And when you wake, you may find the rubber hoses awaiting deployment.
Now, for extra credit, dear punks, mull over a protocol or way to prevent the above attack vectors.  And be sure to include a
special passphrase for the rubber hose treatments.  Perhaps a few layers of them, so when they beat you for the 2nd passphrase you
can give them a slightly more incriminating passphrase, but still not a fully damaging one.

@_date: 2000-12-12 17:48:46
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Questions of size... 
Most of Tim's post do make it to the filtered list.  The ones that are complaints to spams, bomb requests, etc. don't. :)

@_date: 2000-12-13 10:37:50
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: This is why HTML email is evil. 
"For a very sweet dirty trick along those lines, one could embed a link to a porn picture on-line, resized at 1x1 so it's invisible
in the e-mail. Network logs will show that a given employee requested, say, preteen_bestial.gif from
 Even better, if the company has spyware in place, the jack-booted network thugs won't even have to
be notified by the trickster before grassing him out to senior management."

@_date: 2000-12-20 12:06:17
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: The Evil Nature of Carnivores 
"Privacy questions remain
As for the chief privacy concern, that Carnivore can easily be misused by overzealous Feds examining more data than their court
orders permit, the IITRI report offers little in the way of reassurance. Basically, we have to trust the Feds not to abuse it."
"In other words, the Bureau's geeks are going to provide the primary fail-safe against abuse, motivated by their natural civic piety
and concerns that the collection of excess information would jeopardise a prosecution."
"Carnivore operators are anonymous to the system," the report says. "All users are logged in as 'administrator' and no audit trail
of actions is maintained."

@_date: 2000-12-20 13:13:57
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: [Fwd: You're Not Driving Alone Anymore] 
Privacy Concerns - =========================== ListBot Sponsor ==========================
Start Your Own FREE Email List at 'Big Brother' Could Soon Ride Along in Back Seat
A New York highway agency is tracking cars that have electronic tollbooth
tags for the latest on travel speeds and traffic jams. In the Washington region, transportation officials want to monitor drivers
talking on cell phones as they drive the Capital Beltway as a way of
measuring congestion.
And an Alabama-based company has developed equipment that "sniffs" passing
cars to identify which radio stations motorists have chosen.
These "intelligent transportation systems," as they've been named, may
help solve traffic problems and be a boon to marketers, but they also
raise fear of a new threat to privacy: the idea that drivers could soon be
leaving electronic footsteps whenever they leave home.
"We could end up with an utterly pervasive monitoring of travelers'
movements," warned Phil Agre, a professor of information studies at the
University of California at Los Angeles.
While the public has begun to confront the hazards posed by unfettered
access to information about individuals' medical profiles and Internet
use, privacy advocates say there is still little recognition of the newest
frontier: travel and location information.
"We are moving toward a surveillance society. Soon, government and private
industry, often working in concert, will have the capability to monitor
our every movement," said Barry Steinhardt, associate director of the
American Civil Liberties Union. "While the technology is growing at light
speed, the law that governs how the data can be used is developing at the
speed of tortoises."
At a time when traffic is outpacing efforts to expand highways, new
technologies promise a once unimagined ability to manage rush hour,
respond instantly to crashes and eliminate backups at tollbooths. They
also offer police new tools to catch scofflaws such as red-light runners
and locate witnesses, and they provide businesses with immensely
profitable ways to reach prospective customers.
Electronic toll programs, such as E-ZPass in the Northeast and the Dulles
Toll Road's Smart Tag, are often linked to individuals' credit card
accounts and are compiling ever more data about when and where specific
drivers are traveling. Transit "smart cards" collect similar information
about riders.
Cameras are increasingly being used to snap photos of cars that run red
lights, evade paying tolls and speed. Closed-circuit television cameras
for monitoring highway traffic continue to proliferate and, as their
resolution improves, could be combined with an evolving technology that
automatically matches individual occupants' faces to their driver's
license pictures.
Automobile makers are introducing on-board navigation systems that allow
vehicles to be tracked, and technology is evolving for monitoring the
location of cell phones. Engineers predict that cars will soon be
manufactured with embedded transmitters that allow them to be tracked.
The growing number of high-tech systems for tracking vehicles and
archiving information about their travel patterns "is unwittingly bringing
us closer than ever to the Orwellian vision of the ever-present Big
Brother," wrote analysts Bruce Abernethy and Andrew Kolcz in a recent
cover story for Traffic Technology International.
"It's an issue of great concern," said Larry Leibowitz, chief executive of
Inductive Signature Technologies, who will be chairing a panel on privacy
this month sponsored by the Intelligent Transportation Society of America.
"It gives the government the ability to tell where you're sitting at
He said people should be concerned about whether their records would be
subpoenaed in divorce and other lawsuits, and about whether this
information would be exploited by overzealous police.
A 1996 survey by Priscilla M. Regan, of George Mason University, found
that Americans overwhelmingly preferred that high-tech transportation
systems collect only anonymous information, such as overall traffic
counts. They cautiously accepted the collection of some personally
identifiable information, such as license plate numbers, but objected to
such measures as videotaping inside their cars. More than two-thirds were
worried about who would see the information.
"If they start giving the information away for advertising or selling
it,that bothers me," Chuck Stievenart, 39, of Fredericksburg, Va., said
recently. "We get enough junk already. Now I'll probably be on someone
else's list for junk."
Said Kimberly Hayek, 29, of Arlington: "As a single woman, I have to
worry. I have been stalked before. I figure I don't have any privacy. I
don't like it."
The agencies and companies behind these high-tech systems say they use a
range of safeguards, including letting travelers choose whether to
participate. In San Antonio, for example, 53 automated readers arrayed
along city streets follow the progress of 60,000 cars with transponders.
All the motorists are volunteers.
Both officials of the Dulles Toll Road and the agencies that offer E-ZPass
used on highways, bridges and tunnels in six states from Massachusetts to
West Virginia  say travelers can choose not to buy the tag and instead
pay cash at tollbooths.
Some systems try to limit the amount of personally identifiable
information they collect. For instance, Transcom, a traffic management
organization, has set up automated roadside readers in the New York area
to track cars with E-ZPass tags. But tag numbers are scrambled so they
cannot be traced to their owners.
Likewise, a spokesman for Mobiltrak, the Alabama company that developed
the radio "sniffer" system, said its purpose is to take a random sample of
passing cars and supply that general information to advertisers. He said
the equipment does not determine specifically which vehicle is tuned into
which station. But in low-traffic areas, it could be easier to identify
individual cars.
A third safeguard used by some systems is the practice of collecting data
about large groups of vehicles rather than specific cars. Maryland and
Virginia officials developing the program to track cell phone use have
said, for instance, they will simply follow the energy pattern generated
by thousands of phones. They stressed that they will not be able to
monitor phone calls or identify specific callers.
Some initiatives do not store the information at all. Transcom
officials,for instance, collect E-ZPass readings to remain abreast of
highway congestion but do not keep them.
But other transportation agencies do store personal information,
especially those that bill travelers for using electronic payment such as
E-ZPass, Smart Tag and Chicago's I-Pass, as well as Metro's smart card.
These agencies assure their customers that the data are not provided or
sold to businesses and only released under subpoena or court order except
in emergencies.
Police have turned to E-ZPass records several dozen times. In the most
celebrated case, investigators probing the kidnapping of New Jersey
millionaire Nelson Gross, a former state Republican chairman, used E-ZPass
information in 1997 to track his BMW across the George Washington Bridge.
His car was found in Manhattan, and his battered body was soon discovered
Agencies and companies developing these high-tech systems have repeatedly
guaranteed that measures for easing traffic will not be merged with those
for policing, such as red-light cameras and photo enforcement of
speedlimits. They fear motorists will reject programs such as electronic
toll systems and traffic cameras if they believe these will be used to
issue tickets.
Indeed, the deployment of red-light cameras, for instance, has met with
decidedly mixed reviews, including in Virginia. Gov. James S. Gilmore
III(R) cited privacy concerns in vetoing a bill that would have expanded
their use beyond Arlington and Fairfax counties.
The trepidation is not universal. "It's not like they're getting your DNA
or your medical records. You're in your car, and you're in public," said
Chris Wingo, 28, of Northwest Washington.
Others want a say over how the information is used. "There's so many
unknowns with this new burst of the information age," said Leslie Honing,
35, of Arlington. "I feel like I need some control over that."
Privacy advocates insist that Congress set some legal parameters.
Regan, of GMU, said laws alone are not enough. Limits on collecting and
archiving individual information must be built into the systems themselves:
"Once you've collected the information, you're continually trying to keep
it under wraps, and there's constant pressure to let it out."
Like to contribute an article or comment about this one? E-mail
PvtConcern at aol.com Privacy Concerns is a free public service of D. A. H. Investigative
Consultants, a Cincinnati based private investigation firm. E-mail:
DAHPI at aol.com or toll free, 888-249-2404. Visit our site at, To unsubscribe, write to PrivacyConcerns-unsubscribe at listbot.com

@_date: 2000-12-20 13:22:41
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: "The End of SSL and SSH?"] 
Reply-To: "Perry E. Metzger" <20001218101802.J26453 at naughty.monkey.org><877l4w5lzq.fsf at snark.piermont.com><005901c069ea$3f73eec0$ca00030a at seifried.org>
Generally, if a key is already in use, it is very likely
legitimate. If a key comes up as having changed, it is probably not
This does leave the question of how do you get keys in the first
place. In most organizations, however, systems administration is
capable of maintaining such things reasonably well. We could perhaps
make that problem a bit better with mechanisms such as on-line
key lookup (using a sort of public key version of what kerberos
provides for private key protocols), but PKI qua PKI won't improve the
situation, and in practice you can (somewhat cumbersomely) get 90% of
the benefits right now simply by being systematic about key management.
And yet, SSL certs are based on the X.509 PKI architecture. You claim
a PKI will fix things, but obviously it hasn't in this instance.
I'm hardly surprised. The tools to check are hard to use and the need
is rarely obvious.
I doubt it. SSH and SSL are fine protocols, but are dependent on key
management mechanisms. What you are noting is that key management is a
hard problem. Well, so it is -- but that doesn't mean that if we
change the way we do key management that SSH and SSL would go
away. The protocols themselves are fine.
In general, PKI is probably not the answer. Among other things, the
fact that it requires revocation infrastructure in the first place
gives one pause. CRLs do not work in practice.

@_date: 2000-12-26 11:28:08
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: About Gilmore's letter on IBM&Intel push copyprotection into  
You've answered it yourself in the last two paragraphs.  Screw IBM, screw Intel.  In order for this nonsense to work, the operating system has to support it.  You can bet Linux, and *BSD won't support it, or if they do, they'll provide the  "extra" access needed.
More and more I find, I need less Microsoft software*.  Even at work where
it's a mostly Microsoft shop and the standard desktop is W2K.
GUID's, CPU Serial numbers, and now hard drives.  That's ok, this will
wind up killing Intel, and hard drive manufacturers that insist on this.
Many like us, won't buy the shit.  We'll buy hardware without serial
numbers, or at least those whose serial numbers can be overwritten.
i.e. SPARC's, Mac's, etc. and we'll be running *BSD/Linux.
* Anecdotal: I've recently purchased a home entertainment
PC as a replacement for my DVD player and CD changers, etc from qbex.com.  It's basically a small PC in a very small form factor.
If I ever get my hands on a good Linux based DVD player, I'll use
that.  (I guess I haven't yet been trolling the DivX stuff as I've
had no need for it yet.)
It pisses me off that the DVD player tells me that after five more
plays, it will lock itself to "Region 1" and that while I have both
VGA and RCA+SVIDEO out, that it would refuse to play on any RCA/SVIDEO
hardware that doesn't have Macrovision.   This is insane.
Anyone can build such a Home Entertainment PC as the QBEX simply by
purchasing an infrared keyboard+mouse and a VGA to RCA scan converter
and likely get much better output...  I bought this piece of shit
simply because it already had all the drivers and pieces in one box.
All I have to say is this: you bastards!  Copyright protection is getting out of hand when it gets in my way.  I've paid for the DVD's.  I've paid for the player software.  I've paid for the hardware.  How dare they tell me how I may use it so long as I don't make copies other than backups?
So what if I buy a perfectly legitimate DVD from a different country?  I should be able to watch it without going through acrobatics!  So what if I back up my legally purchased DVD's to VHS tape so I can watch it where I don't have a DVD player, or on my camcorder?  So what if I can copy the raw bits off the DVD platter for backup incase I scratch
it?  When was the last time you saw a movie house offer to replace
damaged media for nominal cost?  (i.e. you've damaged accidentally, or your kid decided to use as a frisbie, or your dog as a chew toy?)
So what if I hook up the VIDEO out signal of the DVD player or PC to a 2GHz
transmitter so I can watch it in my bedroom instead of my living room?
So what if I can have ten friends come over with beer and popcorn to watch
a movie I purchased?
So what if I chose to let a friend borrow my DVD's or if I borrow theirs?

@_date: 2000-12-28 16:05:22
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: The future of Evil Software 
Microsoft tentacles squirm deeper into software hosting
By: Thomas C Greene in Washington
Posted: 28/12/2000 at 11:14 GMT
Don't be fooled by the chirpy half-truths in the company press release, ...
Utter rubbish.
So Redmond owns the software you use and controls access to your data. It's for your benefit, after all; it's cheaper than owning
it, and you do love a bargain, don't you? It's more secure too, we are told, because you communicate directly via a pre-encrypted
client-to-client link in which you have no opportunity to stuff things up. Hell, you don't even know or have access to the key --
and what could be more secure than that?
... it's unfortunate that your data has to be stored on the M$ trusted network along with the software you use, but this could not
be helped. Your PC no longer needs, or even has, a hard drive. It has, instead, a non-volatile ROM chip which identifies all the
software you're eligible to be billed for using, the amount of time you've spent playing with it, and your credit details. It's
brilliant, but God help you if there's a stuff-up.

@_date: 2000-12-29 10:46:20
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: I need a bulk friendly ISP.... 
You don't need a bulk friendly ISP, you need an enema.  SPAM is bad.

@_date: 2000-12-29 11:39:56
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CPRM FAQ 
Everything you ever wanted to know about CPRM, but ZDNet wouldn't tell you...
By: Andrew Orlowski in San Francisco
Posted: 29/12/2000 at 09:07 GMT
11. Won't an encrypted file system, or a virtual file system bypass CPRM?
Of course it will. In any operating system, device driver authors are free to reject the CPRM calls made by a software application.
So the OS need not store CPRM digital media. Virtual file systems simply add another rejection point at which CRPM can be bounced
off the system, and you're clean. With a software libre operating system (a BSD, Linux or AtheOS) let's assume that this is more
likely to happen than with a commercial operating system (Windows, MacOS, Solaris). But what then? We hear a GNU...

@_date: 2000-11-08 12:53:16
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: VerySafe? 
Oh no,
This is a wonderful idea.  After all, once you get someone used to receiving executables, they'll run anything.  You can then attach any
trojans you want.  This must have been thought up by an LEO; who else
would think up such an evil way of "securing" email.

@_date: 2000-11-14 11:02:49
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: voting tech & radio buttons 
A-yup. The ugly ancient behemoth I used to cast my vote is one of these.  That's the first thing I tried for fun. :)  It doesn't
allow you to pick more than one candidate for the same office.

@_date: 2000-11-14 12:34:15
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
Wouldn't some sort of wax spread on the hand prevent such a dye from working once peeled off?  i.e. I'm thinking along the lines of liquid latex or crazy glue like substances... :)

@_date: 2000-11-16 14:33:51
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re:  
Sure here are the numbers to call for CC's:
1 716 841 2424
1-800-359-3557 ext. 900

@_date: 2000-11-16 14:38:03
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: hey ummm... 
Pull your head out of your ass and smell yourself.

@_date: 2000-11-17 13:13:40
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Secure Keyboards 
Not of a hell of a lot with PC keyboards.
1. You can epoxy shut the keyboard itself so it can't be opened.
But, they can tap the cable, or get another keyboard of the same brand
and epoxy it shut the same way you did.
2. If you protect the cable as well, they can use a keyboard capture
program, or they can tempest detect your keystrokes.
3. Further, the usual trick is to hide a pinhole camera above where your
keyboard is (ceiling tiles usually), so you'd have to sweep for cameras.
It's not a pretty situation.

@_date: 2000-11-20 13:09:23
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Beware the dust!  It has eyes and ears. 
Pister is leading a team of researchers at
                 the University of California at Berkeley that
                 is developing tiny, electronic devices called
                 "smart dust," designed to capture
                 mountains of information about their
                 surroundings while literally floating on air.

@_date: 2000-11-21 11:38:02
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: [Fwd: About dem keyboards] 
Also Sprach sunder:
Tempest works not on just the keyboard but the entire machine. Monitor,
system unit, cables, and keyboard all give off tempest emissions. The
usual way this is handled is to have the room the system(s) are in shielded, and or completely underground, or both. The Zenith "tempest" 286 PC had 72 screws and a very solid steel CPU
casing, and it's cables were completely unshielded. Your tax dollars
at work. D'oh! :)

@_date: 2000-11-30 14:27:30
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: online copy of Vinge's True Names 
Netscape seems to have problems with it.  It seems to view fine under the Opera browser.

@_date: 2000-10-03 17:33:51
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Sony loses anti-reverse engineering suit against Connectix!!! 
Sony loses appeal in PlayStation copyright fight By Bloomberg News October 2, 2000, 9:15 a.m. PT WASHINGTON--Sony today lost a U.S. Supreme Court bid to limit rivals from using reverse engineering to create competing products. The justices, without comment, refused to consider Sony's appeal of a decision rejecting its copyright claims against Connectix,
whose Virtual Game Station competes with Sony's top-selling PlayStation game console. Heh - apparently the judge decided that it's okay to allow reverse engineering in this case.  Wonder how this will affect DeCSS...

@_date: 2000-10-05 16:46:56
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Choate physics again 
No they don't, they arrive in order of the scanline, from the left edge to
the right, then down a line, etc. (ducking flames.) :)

@_date: 2000-10-05 17:30:36
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Carnivore sucks more than just email!!!! 
Carnivore does more than previously thought
By: Thomas C Greene in Washington
Posted: 05/10/2000 at 14:49 GMT
Heavily censored FBI documents obtained by US watchdog outfit the Electronic Privacy Information Centre (EPIC), under a Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit, indicate that the FBI's electronic snoop known as Carnivore might be able to monitor a good deal
more than just e-mail traffic.
Among the capabilities that peek out from behind all the indelible black swaths in the documents is an ability to reconstruct an
entire Web page as viewed by a subject. A planned, updated version may even be able to capture voice-over-Web communications.
Presently the system can capture and record all packet traffic to and from a selected IP, while monitoring a subject's on-line

@_date: 2000-10-10 13:55:13
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Burglar Politics, Tempesting PC's that watch TV and DVD regions 
And, just in case you were wondering how on earth they'll know you're watching the news online, Mr Hardwell adds, "Finally our
detection equipment is capable of picking up television reception via computer. And no, the BBC do not look at IP addresses for
licence fee evasion."
It's my understanding that TV detector vans work by picking up the radiation emitted by cathode ray tube TVs - which should mean
that, if you're rich enough to run an LCD monitor they'll never know you're a secret Paxman admirer.
Burglar.com is illegal, coppers claim
By: Lucy Sherriff
Posted: 10/10/2000 at 13:19 GMT
A web site that connects the victims of a burglary with the people who have their property is illegal, according to the police.
Theburglar.com bills itself as a "link to the underground". There are three ways to register. Time Warner's home video division has changed DVD's region coding scheme to make it even harder to play movies sold in one territory
in another.
Other DVD distributors are expected to follow suit. Sony subsidiary Columbia Tristar has already agreed to do so.
According to a leaked internal Warner Home Video document posted on Web site DVD Debate, the company began shipping discs with an
"enhanced" region code at the start of this month.

@_date: 2000-10-23 12:47:42
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: give me 
If you're stupid enough to use a string that someone gives you as a
key, you deserve what you get.
Here, use this one: HACKMEPLEASE

@_date: 2000-10-23 15:22:01
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
(A whole bunch of socialist crap)
Nathan: look at it this way: it's evolution in action.  Except these days
the ability to earn money is one of the requirements of staying alive for
longer periods of time.
If Bob can't afford daily bread, than Bob has far more serious concerns than being able to pay for healthcare.  Yes, it's too bad, and yes he
may die, but that's what evolution is about.
Money has aritificially become a requirement of guaranteeing survival.
Sorry, no, I won't pay for Bob's bread nor his healthcare (unless I
personally chose to do so.)  Force me (and everyone else who is able to
earn money) to do so at the point of a gun in the form of taxes and it
becomes a far greater crime.
Yes, there are charities who may help Bob, and donations to these are
and should remain purely voluntary.
We're not commiepunks, and we're not socialistpunks. We're cypherpunks.

@_date: 2000-10-25 12:39:40
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Mac created the modern Internet 
For internet access?  Fuck no.  That wasn't their purpose at all...
Back in those days, I remember having a shell account at school, and SLIP had just come out.  Someone had written a small program that would
allow users to run SLIP from userland and turn a dial-up shell into a
net connection.
The sysadmins everywhere frowned upon this.  Eventually, $20/month with
X hours limit accounts started showing up.  Things that used to be BBS's
(running FIDO as a message transport) slowly turned into internet pops.
Usually, your $20 bought you a shell account, an email address, and PPP
As the script kiddies got bolder and the laziness of the sysadmins and
developers started to show, the shell accounts went away.  More and more
people started offering unlimited network access, but busy signals put
a limit on that.
Back to AOL.  I remember them from the latter Commodore 64 days.  They
were Q-Link back then.  This was a time when BBS's were the rule, and
toward the end, before the internet killed most of them off.  The better
ones such as Searchlight used ANSI text editors and menus, some had
tree like message structures - much like usenet, and some even carried
a few newsgroups.
Way before this in the late eighties, I got into BBS's when modems were
300bps.  Yes, oh yes, they were very slow, but it was quite manageable.
You could read the text as it was delivered.  If you listened into the
conversation, you could actually discern one character from the next.
Not that I could tell an "A" character apart from a "B" character, but
I could tell that one had been sent, and then another, and then a third,
etc.  If you tried to immitate a carrier, some stupid modems would try
to handshake with you.  Going from 300 to 1200 was fun.  :)  It's how
I learned to speed read.  After 2400 and 14.4, I could no longer keep
up with the text...
The next level was of course Fido, and in some cases getting usenet
content and email over uucp dial up networks. :)  Ah, the fun of
long chains of host names separated by slashes, and the strange IP
like fidonet node numbers....
Going back to the later and more final versions of the BBS world...
there were a few graphical standards coming out for BBS's.
Most notably was the RIPScript code which had a new line followed by a
pipe and an exclamation as its escape code sequence.  Unlike ANSI codes
which were (and still are for VT100 emulation) ESC followed by an open
square bracket, these could be sent via email, so you could send pictures
of a sort over 7 bit ascii systems and change colors, etc.  HTML email's
features is not much different from this -- except for the ability to
link to urls, (and more recently with JavaScript -- infect you with
viruses) which I don't think (or recall) RIPScript had.
Back in those days AOL, Compuserve, Delphi, and GEnie did have a place.
They were really pay for content services in disguise.  You could do
stock research, get research info, access encyclopedias, etc.  This was
before CD's were widely available and made such things accessible to
the public for cheaper.
There were also lots and lots of file forums where one could get files
that were not available elsewhere - not even via FTP.  Though, eventually
these leaked to ftp servers by kind souls who passed them on to the net.
I remember getting the first issues of Wired articles off AOL -- yes, I did have the dead tree versions for sure, but it was a nice thing to
be able to read just the text (this wasn't html) without the purple neon
on light green background and orange dots...  Yes, there was also the
New York Times, which wasn't yet on the web as there wasn't a fully
developed web yet...
Yes, AOL et al were indeed dragged into providing internet access, but of
all the services, AOL became the slime.  Their marketting campaigns of give away disks in every nook and cranny, of delivering more floppies and
later CD's than were people in the USA was telling -- especially when
their networks could not handle the load of the traffic.
Soon after, they started popping up with dialog boxes asking you to buy
stuff.  I recall logging on a few weeks after not accessing AOL, and receiving tons of pop-up offers, and having to decline them all one at
a time.  I wonder how many clicked "Yes" by accident and received junk
they didn't want.
Then, as Cantor and Seigall flooded the net and opened up spamming, my
mailbox became saturaged with trash.  Now mind you, I didn't give out
those email addresses (screen names) to very many people - just friends.
So the only explanation to the flood of spam was simply that AOL had sold
its subscriber lists out.
Compuserve was also a very pricey fucked up place.  You paid through the
nose for just getting on, and then some for the extras.  And those
idiotic comma separated email addresses weren't helping.  Hell, I cancelled
that account, and they had the balls to send me bills telling me that
the credit card company had not honored their charges after two months
of them billing me illegally...  (Back then Visa was good about not
honoring subscriptions when the service had been notified to terminate
the service but din't.)  I didn't call it CrapUserve for nothing...
Around this time, the SIG's I was after - most notably getting Apple OS
upgrades and software for my Newton were of little value at those price
points as plenty of ftp sites started carrying around the content, and
more over, places like Wallnut Creek and other ftp site archivers started
to offer - pricey CD's full of the archives I sought after.
Sure, they cost $40 or so, but it was much cheaper in bulk than downloading
all that at 9600 or 14.4.  This was a time of shareware, not freeware. The
Open Source movent was around, but didn't take off until the Linux kernel
came out -- I recall booting 0.92 off a 5.25" disk and wondering "Hey,
this is awesome, but other than ls, mkdir, cat, more and cd, what's the
point." :)
Yes, I recall spending nearly $400 for a piece of shit clamshell 1X SCSI
CDROM for my Mac, and man it was so much slower than the hard drives, they
were nearly floppy speed.  But then having picked up Project Guttenberg's
latest CD, I could now read tons and tons of books -- more than I had
shelf space for.  And as a bonus, I got the usual world Atlas (never mind
that today you can get street maps on CD's!) a dictionary/thesaurus and
a cheesy encyclopedia.  (Back in those days every parent was sold on
feeding their kids Britannica and the cheaper versions.  To get it on
CD was really something.)
By 94 or so, I did use Mosaic and Cello and Trumpet Winsock on Win31 to
get to the first of the web pages.  Most of the "web" was really gopher
and ftp sites, but here and there a web server was to be found.
I honestly spent more time in Telnet (yes, not ssh as it hadn't been
written yet!) using pine and trn than surfing pages...
Another factor that IMHO had a big change on catalizing the web to be
what it is now are portable electronic cameras such as the Apple QuickTake's, and good image editing software such as Photoshop...
You could now post pix of your friends on the net, and that's what most
of the home pages were.  Descriptions of people, their pets and their
hobbies.  Not ads full of flashing junk.  Sure, not much content either
but much friendlier than in your face pop up javascript windows full of
offers or blinking flaming banner ads asking you to punch the monkey
or looking like a button or text search field...
Now a days, I surf with a desktop firewall and a junkbuster, and over
several hundred email filters to get rid of the spam and ads, javascript
junk, cookies and shit.
Sure, the 'zine's and paper sites where I read my news/articles from make
money off these, but I don't want to see them.  Let the fools who
can't or don't know how to shut them off be advertised to.  I hate ads.
I'm not claiming they should be illegal mind you, but I claim to reserve
the right to not display them on my screen by choice.
And of course having a desktop firewall in a corporate environment where
the desktops were run by total morons who barely knew what Windowze was
didn't think to install a firewall, was a great boon.  (Yes, that was a
run on, no, I don't give a fuck.)  After a while I stopped looking at
the logs.  There were ridiculous attempts on our networks every few
seconds.  Too many to count, or care about...
But this is the 'net today.  Full of the "bad guys" who are providing
yet another horse for the TLA's, and full of the negligent and ignorant
who don't know they are there.  Full of banner ads and privacy invading
cookies subsidizing content.

@_date: 2000-10-25 12:40:11
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Mac created the modern Internet 
For internet access?  Fuck no.  That wasn't their purpose at all...
Back in those days, I remember having a shell account at school, and SLIP had just come out.  Someone had written a small program that would
allow users to run SLIP from userland and turn a dial-up shell into a
net connection.
The sysadmins everywhere frowned upon this.  Eventually, $20/month with
X hours limit accounts started showing up.  Things that used to be BBS's
(running FIDO as a message transport) slowly turned into internet pops.
Usually, your $20 bought you a shell account, an email address, and PPP
As the script kiddies got bolder and the laziness of the sysadmins and
developers started to show, the shell accounts went away.  More and more
people started offering unlimited network access, but busy signals put
a limit on that.
Back to AOL.  I remember them from the latter Commodore 64 days.  They
were Q-Link back then.  This was a time when BBS's were the rule, and
toward the end, before the internet killed most of them off.  The better
ones such as Searchlight used ANSI text editors and menus, some had
tree like message structures - much like usenet, and some even carried
a few newsgroups.
Way before this in the late eighties, I got into BBS's when modems were
300bps.  Yes, oh yes, they were very slow, but it was quite manageable.
You could read the text as it was delivered.  If you listened into the
conversation, you could actually discern one character from the next.
Not that I could tell an "A" character apart from a "B" character, but
I could tell that one had been sent, and then another, and then a third,
etc.  If you tried to immitate a carrier, some stupid modems would try
to handshake with you.  Going from 300 to 1200 was fun.  :)  It's how
I learned to speed read.  After 2400 and 14.4, I could no longer keep
up with the text...
The next level was of course Fido, and in some cases getting usenet
content and email over uucp dial up networks. :)  Ah, the fun of
long chains of host names separated by slashes, and the strange IP
like fidonet node numbers....
Going back to the later and more final versions of the BBS world...
there were a few graphical standards coming out for BBS's.
Most notably was the RIPScript code which had a new line followed by a
pipe and an exclamation as its escape code sequence.  Unlike ANSI codes
which were (and still are for VT100 emulation) ESC followed by an open
square bracket, these could be sent via email, so you could send pictures
of a sort over 7 bit ascii systems and change colors, etc.  HTML email's
features is not much different from this -- except for the ability to
link to urls, (and more recently with JavaScript -- infect you with
viruses) which I don't think (or recall) RIPScript had.
Back in those days AOL, Compuserve, Delphi, and GEnie did have a place.
They were really pay for content services in disguise.  You could do
stock research, get research info, access encyclopedias, etc.  This was
before CD's were widely available and made such things accessible to
the public for cheaper.
There were also lots and lots of file forums where one could get files
that were not available elsewhere - not even via FTP.  Though, eventually
these leaked to ftp servers by kind souls who passed them on to the net.
I remember getting the first issues of Wired articles off AOL -- yes, I did have the dead tree versions for sure, but it was a nice thing to
be able to read just the text (this wasn't html) without the purple neon
on light green background and orange dots...  Yes, there was also the
New York Times, which wasn't yet on the web as there wasn't a fully
developed web yet...
Yes, AOL et al were indeed dragged into providing internet access, but of
all the services, AOL became the slime.  Their marketting campaigns of give away disks in every nook and cranny, of delivering more floppies and
later CD's than were people in the USA was telling -- especially when
their networks could not handle the load of the traffic.
Soon after, they started popping up with dialog boxes asking you to buy
stuff.  I recall logging on a few weeks after not accessing AOL, and receiving tons of pop-up offers, and having to decline them all one at
a time.  I wonder how many clicked "Yes" by accident and received junk
they didn't want.
Then, as Cantor and Seigall flooded the net and opened up spamming, my
mailbox became saturaged with trash.  Now mind you, I didn't give out
those email addresses (screen names) to very many people - just friends.
So the only explanation to the flood of spam was simply that AOL had sold
its subscriber lists out.
Compuserve was also a very pricey fucked up place.  You paid through the
nose for just getting on, and then some for the extras.  And those
idiotic comma separated email addresses weren't helping.  Hell, I cancelled
that account, and they had the balls to send me bills telling me that
the credit card company had not honored their charges after two months
of them billing me illegally...  (Back then Visa was good about not
honoring subscriptions when the service had been notified to terminate
the service but din't.)  I didn't call it CrapUserve for nothing...
Around this time, the SIG's I was after - most notably getting Apple OS
upgrades and software for my Newton were of little value at those price
points as plenty of ftp sites started carrying around the content, and
more over, places like Wallnut Creek and other ftp site archivers started
to offer - pricey CD's full of the archives I sought after.
Sure, they cost $40 or so, but it was much cheaper in bulk than downloading
all that at 9600 or 14.4.  This was a time of shareware, not freeware. The
Open Source movent was around, but didn't take off until the Linux kernel
came out -- I recall booting 0.92 off a 5.25" disk and wondering "Hey,
this is awesome, but other than ls, mkdir, cat, more and cd, what's the
point." :)
Yes, I recall spending nearly $400 for a piece of shit clamshell 1X SCSI
CDROM for my Mac, and man it was so much slower than the hard drives, they
were nearly floppy speed.  But then having picked up Project Guttenberg's
latest CD, I could now read tons and tons of books -- more than I had
shelf space for.  And as a bonus, I got the usual world Atlas (never mind
that today you can get street maps on CD's!) a dictionary/thesaurus and
a cheesy encyclopedia.  (Back in those days every parent was sold on
feeding their kids Britannica and the cheaper versions.  To get it on
CD was really something.)
By 94 or so, I did use Mosaic and Cello and Trumpet Winsock on Win31 to
get to the first of the web pages.  Most of the "web" was really gopher
and ftp sites, but here and there a web server was to be found.
I honestly spent more time in Telnet (yes, not ssh as it hadn't been
written yet!) using pine and trn than surfing pages...
Another factor that IMHO had a big change on catalizing the web to be
what it is now are portable electronic cameras such as the Apple QuickTake's, and good image editing software such as Photoshop...
You could now post pix of your friends on the net, and that's what most
of the home pages were.  Descriptions of people, their pets and their
hobbies.  Not ads full of flashing junk.  Sure, not much content either
but much friendlier than in your face pop up javascript windows full of
offers or blinking flaming banner ads asking you to punch the monkey
or looking like a button or text search field...
Now a days, I surf with a desktop firewall and a junkbuster, and over
several hundred email filters to get rid of the spam and ads, javascript
junk, cookies and shit.
Sure, the 'zine's and paper sites where I read my news/articles from make
money off these, but I don't want to see them.  Let the fools who
can't or don't know how to shut them off be advertised to.  I hate ads.
I'm not claiming they should be illegal mind you, but I claim to reserve
the right to not display them on my screen by choice.
And of course having a desktop firewall in a corporate environment where
the desktops were run by total morons who barely knew what Windowze was
didn't think to install a firewall, was a great boon.  (Yes, that was a
run on, no, I don't give a fuck.)  After a while I stopped looking at
the logs.  There were ridiculous attempts on our networks every few
seconds.  Too many to count, or care about...
But this is the 'net today.  Full of the "bad guys" who are providing
yet another horse for the TLA's, and full of the negligent and ignorant
who don't know they are there.  Full of banner ads and privacy invading
cookies subsidizing content.

@_date: 2000-10-25 16:34:20
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Insurance (was: why should it be trusted?) cpunk 
There is a book that this is written in about called "Deep Time" which is
a damned good read IMHO.  (It's about how to make things last for millenia.)
The best quote from the guy that thought up the idea of feeding plankton
FeO2 was "Give me a frigate full of rust, and I'll give you your next
ice age." (from wetware RAM,  )
The current issue of Wired wrote up on this also.

@_date: 2000-10-25 16:35:52
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re:  
Bullshit:  ;-)  or ;) or ;^) would have done just fine. >8^D

@_date: 2000-10-26 16:06:49
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Sure, why stop there though.  Let's raise taxes a bit more and we can
feed everyone who is hungry.  No, that's not enough, let's raise it some
more and we can also clothe everyone - in designer wear.  After all why
should the majority look like slobs when they could be wearing what the
models wear, and for a little more we could send everyone to college, and
for even a little more we can house everyone, in luxury apartments, and
provide them with free cable TV and internet access...
And since government and religion don't mix, let's ban all religeons,
let's burn and sack the churches, they are after all a form of drug
addiction without any drugs and feh! who needs corporations, they
just keep the profits to themselves, let's not tax the People, let's
let the people own the fruits of their work, let's have the workers
profit.  Yes, and to make sure that the capitalist pigs don't come back,
we'll institute government oversight of everything.
While we're on the topic of healthcare, it seems to us that lots of
people don't agree with the party's teachings.  After all, what the
party says is good for the people and for their benefit, therefore those
who disagree with the party are evil capitalists, or more likely they
simply need (re)education.  So let's send them to our glorious mental
And so that the People may prosper, let's institute a series of 5 year
plans and great leap forwards...  Sure they'll have to work hard and
sacrifice themselves for a few years, but it's for the children and
the future...
Is this what you are after Nathan?  Socialism/Communism?  Well, in that
case, I have a few words for you:
   #    #      #    #
 #       #    #  #    #  #   #
    #    #  #        #       #    #  #       #  #
 #       #    #  #    #  #   #
 #               #    #
                            #   #      #    #      # #   #    #  #    #       #    #    #  #    #    #
    #    #    #  #    #
    #    #    #  #    #       #                    #     #    #     #    #
 #    #     #     #    #     #    #
 #    #     #    #
       #             #    #  #    #     #     #    #  #    #             #    #
 #       #    #  #  #  #  #     #     #       #    #  #    #  #    #     #    #
 #    #  #    #  #    #  #    #     #    #
         #    #  #    #     #             #    #  #    #
 #       #    #  #    #         #       #    #  #  #
      #  #       #    #  #    #
 #    #  #    #  #    #  #    #
             #    #

@_date: 2000-10-27 15:29:01
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Insurance: My Last Post 
Your conclusion is at odds with your views.
Based one 1, it is surprising that you're not advocating humanicide.
Based on 2, it is surprising that you're not advocating being Amish
Based on 3, it is surprising that you don't support dictatorships.
Not surprisingly, views 1,2,3 put into political power provide nothing
less than oppression.

@_date: 2000-10-27 15:34:21
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Congress proposes raiding census records. 
I've answered none of the questions.  Just simply put the questionaire
in the appropriate recycling bin.  And the follow up.  I made sure I didn't
answer the door when the Censuswhores were walking the streets.
Perhaps ten years from now when the next one hits, I'll tell them why I
won't answer any questions, and when they inform me of my protected privacy, I'll point to the recently mentioned bills.

@_date: 2000-10-27 15:38:38
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Re: Gort in granny-shades (was Re: Al Gore goes  
Yeah, that aspect didn't irk me at all.  I thought the premise was flawed
Why would they need a world simulator if all they wanted was bioenergy they
could just keep all the drones in a coma... :)  Yes, your spaceship being
powered by goat porno is far more believable. :^)

@_date: 2000-10-27 16:51:10
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance: My Last Post 
I have an even better example for you: Why not euthanize every single human being on the planet by lethan injection.  It would be almost painless - just a prick of the needle, and
they would never again feel any pain ever.  After all, that would fit your
socialist goals. :)  There's no better plan for achieving the least pain
for the greatest number according to your rantings.

@_date: 2000-10-30 13:07:05
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Ho to KICK OUT Junkbusters users 
And what's so special about your website that viewers couldn't find the
same content elsewhere, or would be willing to turn out viewing the ads
just for your site?
If someone's actively filtering out ads from your site, it is of course
your right to not let them have access, but it's not likely that they would bend over backwards to tell JunkBusters or one of the other filters
to let them view your banners.  So unless you have some unique and very
compelling/attractive content, you're just going to alienate more users.
And setting a cookie on a web tracking GIF is not likely to win you any
friends either.  Look at it this way, if they're filtering banner ads,
they're likely filtering cookies also.  Even if you redirect them to a page that says "To view my great wonderous site, turn on cookies and
allow banner ads" you are now forcing users to go through even more At which point the smarter ones will realize that they need a specific
cookie, and will just set it by hand.
At which point you're likely going to set up dynamic cookies to keep
them from reusing old ones, and at which point, someone will add a
patch to JunkBusters to allow you to set your cookie, start and abort
the downloading of banner ads, and then you're fucked again, until
you write an Apache module that checks for aborted banner ads, ad
nauseum, etc...
Ho indeed.

@_date: 2000-10-31 19:05:43
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: (no subject) 
You rang?
Herr Agent Provocateur Shamrock, here you go:
IMHO, this is the best bomb making recipie in the world.  It's amazing
how destructive it can be.
I think this is a much more better thing for you LEO's to be doing than
sitting around eating donuts all day and looking for porn.  Yes, the world
would be a much better place if you guys made more of these kinds of
They work well whether you drop them from airplanes, or send them through
the mail, or hell even better, just deliver them in person.

@_date: 2000-09-05 17:38:32
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Is kerberos broken? 
I tend to just string up lots of characters, so my passphrases look like this:
 ^ at 7f$}'~%42w0,m:Qe_|33+\  and so on.
How do you memorize this?  You break it up in chunks, memorize each chunk, then link them together.  And then you type it in a lot
of times the first few days you use it.  It's not that hard.  If you don't use it on a daily basis, the danger is in forgetting it.
Yep, most people would have a coronary before accepting the above as a passphrase.  Fuck'em.  They deserve the security they're
willing to provide themselves.
Passphrases from books are nice, but if they're all text, they're a hell of a lot easier to brute than the above.  Especially if you
have the texts in electronic form.

@_date: 2000-09-06 12:10:57
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Is kerberos broken? 
I use things like the above as passphrases, not passwords, to things like PGP or the encrypted disk partitions I use.  Hence you
need lots of entropy.

@_date: 2000-09-06 13:08:16
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Aldrich Ames might go free; .gov security still lax, etc... 
Moscow poised to offer Cold War-style spy swap Chris Stephen In Moscow REPORTS in Russia suggest Moscow is preparing to offer the
United States a Cold War-style "spy swap" involving the
release of an American businessman charged with espionage in
return for the convicted spy Aldrich Ames. A Moscow newspaper, Sevodnya, yesterday quoted a source
in Russias security service, the FSB, as saying they were
considering offering to swap the businessman, Edmond Pope. He is accused of trying to buy plans for the same top secret
torpedo, the Squall, that was being tested by the Kursk
submarine when it exploded and sank last month. Investigators with phony ID
easily breach security checks Sunday, September 3, 2000
By TAMARA LYTLE
Special from The Orlando Sentinel
WASHINGTON -- Investigators used phony law-enforcement
identification available on the Internet and elsewhere to breach security
at some of the nation's most sensitive agencies, including the CIA, the
FBI, and the Departments of Justice and State.
The investigators breezed into 18 federal facilities, Orlando International
Airport, Washington's Reagan National Airport, and the U.S courthouse
in Orlando simply by flashing fake badges and credentials. In some cases
they were able to claim they had firearms but still bypass metal
detectors and other screening.
Big Brother Is Watching . . . What You Buy
August 28, 2000  8:19 AM ET
By Lisa Dempster
In his nightmarish novel 1984, George Orwell envisioned a future in which the merest hint of privacy would be treason and
protagonist Winston Smith would be cowed into embracing truth in his telescreen. The year in question came and went, but could
Orwell's bad dream become our reality two decades later? What kind of privacy protection will we be able to expect from the Internet
in 2004? Picture this: Retinal scans, fingerprint readers built into your mouse and voice recognition software able to nail your
identity down to the roots of your genetic code. Great for keeping your identity a secret from advertising piranhas, but do you
really want your bank or online health-care provider to store such intimate information?
Unlike Orwell's dour Smith, who struggled to conceal his thoughts and feelings from Big Brother, privacy advocates predict our
biggest concern in four years' time will be camouflaging ourselves from corporate behemoths devoted to discovering our every
purchasing peccadillo - and pandering to it.
UPDATE: MS Word documents can be tracked on Web by Peter Sayer, IDG News Service\Paris Bureau August 31, 2000, 07:53  Creators of Microsoft Word documents can use the application's
 well-documented ability to include Web hyperlinks in documents to
 remotely track who is reading a them, according to a study by the
 Denver-based Privacy Foundation published Wednesday.
 Users of Microsoft's word processor have been able to embed graphics in
 their documents for the best part of a decade, but only in versions of the
 program since Word 97 have users been able to replace a bulky,
 memory-hogging graphic with a short URL (Uniform Resource Locator)
 pointing to the location of the graphic on a Web server. Each time the
 document is opened, the computer sends an HTTP (Hypertext Transfer
 Protocol) request to the Web server asking for the graphic in order to
 display it.

@_date: 2000-09-11 13:16:56
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Check this out: http://www.antivore.com 
run your own antivore server, or "you" as in your company would run
one of these before you reach the ISP layer.
This says the meat of it.  So you don't send cleartext to your ISP, you send clear text to the antivore box in your company/home
office, which in turns encrypts your email for you, and sends it out via your ISP.
For the Feds to gain access to your emails, they'd have to install the carnivore box between you and the antivore box.
So basically the concept is the same as running your own proxy web server to filter out banner ads, but instead you use it for email
and it encrypts emails.
Yes, the faq says something really stupid - which is to ask your ISP to run antivore for you. Presumably this is because most users
are morons, and in this case, it won't help at all but to instill a false sense of security.
The way I see this: As always, this is a crutch for the lazy who don't want to put up with the cut/paste/enter passphrase hasles of
using PGP for non-integrated clients.
It's being pushed in the wrong direction for sure.

@_date: 2000-09-13 13:10:18
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: USA.net proxy: *** NOT! **** 
It's *NOT* anonymizing anything. DO NOT USE THIS IN PLACE OF AN ANONIMIZER!!!
All it does is log where you're going.  It doesn't actually proxy anything. It simply opens up two frames, one that says "You are
visiting a site outside of Net at ddress. Please close this browser to return to Net at ddress." and instructs your browser to go to
whatever embedded url you have. In this case Amazon.com.
Should you hover your mouse over the links in Amazon you won't see the netaddress.com url pop up. You'll see Amazon urls.
So while, yes, it does spy on what urls you visit, it does *NOT* proxy them, so it offers no protection!!!

@_date: 2000-09-13 17:17:26
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Voluntary Mandatory Taxes 
Probably the quite near the point where some of the sheeple wake up to the fact that it's a losing situation (i.e. they'll be
bankrupt if they continue supporting their tabacco habit), pick up their weapons and steal said tabacco, or grow their own, etc. Not all those who are addicted will give up.  Others will of course give it up cold turkey.
[However, you can look at petrol products in terms of addiction, especially if it's a necessity in getting to work.]
In the US this was of course how the mobs got in power by making and selling alcohol.

@_date: 2000-09-13 17:42:26
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
You still haven't put your money where your mouth is.  You claim you've printed out those web pages.  I don't give a rat's ass
either way, however, I did see a challenge there which you've just slithered out of answering.
IMHO, yes, anyone who murders a child should indeed go to jail for the rest of their lives (and the shorter and more painful those
lives are the better.)
However, that said, where on their page did it say that they encouraged killing kids?  (Again, I've never visited, seen, nor care
to, NABLA's site as I disagree with their ideas, lifestyles, etc.)
But one must always distinguish between the right of free speech advocating something, and actually taking action on it.  You are
failing to do that.
It's not about whose son or daughter it was.  Indeed, that was murder and possibly rape, and it should be punished at such.
This is about blaming someone's speech for that crime.  The question is, did that someone, in this case a web site, incite murder
and rape?  You claim you've got the printouts.  Well, please quote from them to prove your point.
Likely you'll come up with some excuse to not do so, or ignore this request, or likely call me a defender of rapists, which I assure
you I am not.  I'd like to be the first in line with a hot iron to plunge in assholes of the rapists/murderers.  But only if they are found guilty.  Mere accusations, and guilt by association does not make those who only speak, but don't take
actions guilty.  It makes it "thoughtcrime" which is anathema to a free country and basic human rights.

@_date: 2000-09-19 15:15:23
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: RIAA seizures 
Call me slow, if you like, but I don't get your point.
Since when do *Audio* CD's use CSS encryption?

@_date: 2000-09-20 10:47:16
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: RIAA seizures 
Um, yeah, but this wasn't about DVD's, it was about CD's, so the
"sarcasm" is totally misplaced, hence my "WTF? is A Melon smoking?"
comment diguised as "Call me slow, but..."
Now, if the kid in the dorm was pirating DVD's, yeah, that would be understandable.

@_date: 2000-09-20 10:50:51
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re: -C-P- Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
And this is why socialism in any form is a bad idea.  It prevents
evolution in action from culling the morons.  In the olden days these
guys would have been sabertoothed tiger fodder.
Let's face it, shit like hotmail, AOL, MSN, and their cousins are really
socialism in disguise.  They allow the morons access to what they shouldn't have.  They don't need to be on the net, they should be watching TV getting brainwashed while they enjoy their favorite pisswater

@_date: 2000-09-27 12:20:30
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Microsoft using advertising the way Outlook/IE viruses do. 
Microsoft using advertising the way Outlook/IE viruses do.

@_date: 2000-09-27 17:25:06
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Quantum crypto secrets from Japan 
Quantum crypto secrets from Japan
By: Lucy Sherriff
Posted: 26/09/2000 at 13:29 GMT
Mitsubishi and Hokkaido University have completed a latest round of experiments in quantum cryptography over optical fibres. The two
organisations say that their quantum cryptographic system is a success, and could have important implications for optical fibre
networks already in use.
The data was sent along 200 meters of optical fibre at a rate of one kbps. Not exactly fast, but there we go. The researchers
reported a quantum bit rate error of one percent, which was kept low by the ability of the system to compensate for fluctuations in
the phase and polarisation of the light.

@_date: 2000-09-28 16:30:07
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: Re:  
I'm curious, where did you receive an email about this organization and what
did that email claim?
This isn't an organization it's a set of mailing lists for discussions
relating to cryptography - at least most of the time.

@_date: 2000-09-28 16:41:15
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CDR: IR "TEMPESTING" (was Re: police IR searches to Supremes) 
Certainly gives a new twist to TEMPEST. I suppose now if you wanted to
tempest your home, you'd additionally have to install randomly "blinking"
heat generators.
Hmmm, something like a big grid of resistors where they get turned on and
off at random.
You might want the resistors to spell out "Mind your own business, pigs!"
when viewed with a thermal device, but of course this kind of thing will only attract their attention.
You could also use peltier coolers, but they generate heat on the other Another option would be to get big huge water circulators and call it
art - there are a few restaurants here in NYC where they have water running over glass panes.  It's a nice calming waterfall effect. :)

@_date: 2001-04-04 12:43:04
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: American Death 
Yeah, sounds like FUD to me.  To clarify, it sounds like the FUD campaign
is working, or the people polled were all moutpieces of El Federale.
It's interesting to see how people react to this.  Question "CAR9" for
example shows what internet crimes they are most concerned about.
The top five were kiddy porn, credit card theft, organized terrorism,
viruses, hacking into government networks.
Funny that, if you look at the hype and FUD reports about the internet,
it's similar to how much airtime is given to each of these horsemen.
I know very little about kiddy porn, but my uneducated guess is that that
perhaps less than 0.001% of the population of the US views it, and that
less than 0.00001% is engaged in its creation.  Yet it's the number one
I could understand credit card fraud being in first place, but kiddy Next comes terrorism, as if terrorists weren't already organized.  I
would say anyone with half a brain would easily conclude that in order
for terrorists (note plural) to engage in terrorism, that they would
have to be organized.  Since the specter of terrorism was raised much
earlier than the specter of terrorists using the internet for their
planning, one would easily conclude that they can organize themselves
with or without the internet.  Duh!
Note the question of the fith one says "computer hacking into government
networks, web sites and files."  How does one hack into a "file?"  Never
mind the BS, but look how it's worded.  It's not "computer hacking," nor
is it "computer hacking into web sites," but rather into government
networks.   Vewwy interesting.  Gee, I wonder what government mouth
piece created this survey?
If you go down the list, only 1% were worried about hacking into
business web sites rather than the 5% that were worried about hacking
into government sites.
Interesting distinction.
No, I can't agree fully with Steve Thomson's representation of:
But it's quite close.
Supposedly this was done by a random telephone sampling.  If that is truly
an honest survey and if one is to assume the questions weren't leading,
which from my quick glance says they are, then this survey does nothing
more than convey the fact that 80% of us Americans are nothing more than
sheeple agreeing with what TV feeds us.  Sigh...
The interesting question whose result wasn't pushed on CNN and other web sites
was CAR1 which shows the majority don't trust the government to do what is right.  So they're not fully asleep, just gullible.
But CAR4 shows that the majority thinks new laws are needed - the very
evil that keeps Congress in business pushing draconian invasive laws into
our lives, and they approve of spying on phone calls, emails, and snail
A huge majority don't have a flying fuck of a clue about what carnivore
45% picked "carnivore is good because it will allow the FBI to
track down criminals" and another 45% picked "carnivore is bad
because it can be used to read emails of ordinary citizens"
Sounds to me like they were tossing a coin due to about 80% of
them not knowing what it was.  Well at least 45% of sheeple value
their privacy to some extent, but that doesn't explain the ~60%
who want monitoring of emails, phone calls, and snail mail.
Few surprises here.  What they hear on TV is what they think.

@_date: 2001-04-05 11:24:49
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
Jim Choate would be a good candidate for you to write an article about.

@_date: 2001-04-12 14:21:27
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Pleading the 5th 
I believe Jim is correct that any postings he makes are protected by
copyright law.  Remember that copyright law protects several rights of
the author of works, includind that of distribution.
In effect Jim is saying that what he posts here is posted here by his
own hand, and "here" being a group of mailers that automatically
distributes his works, the archivers, filters, usenet, and other
forwarders, etc, but he claims that it is not okay for these works
to be printed in newspapers, magazines, or on their web sites without
his consent.
Yes, it is a silly view, but I don't think there is anything in copyright
law that would deny him the right of deciding what the distribution is.
While he can't really enforce what people do with the emails that they
receive from him, if he sees his posts printed in full in the next issue
of WIRED, he could sue.

@_date: 2001-04-12 15:11:05
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
So there can't be any metal objects between it and the sky.  That means
it's unlikely for it to be on the underside of the car.  Possible installation
places would be under the "skin" above the dashboard, any place that has
line of sight to the windshield or back window.  If the car is a vinyl top,
under the roof would be good hiding place.
Of course the main body of the "bug" can be hidden anywhere inside the car, but
the antena needs to see sky.
These things are usually cellphone enabled, so that way they don't constantly
transmit, and won't be easily caught by sweeps.
Defenses would include GPS and cell phone jammers, but these would have to
be on 24/7, thus draining the car's battery.  GPS jammer would be more
desireable, since the cell phone side is just used to download the logs
of where the car has been, and the logs can be recovered by physically
recovering the bug.
One thing I don't know about in relation to GPS: are the military bits
sent on different frequencies than the civilian bits?  Or are they just
encrypted?  If they're different frequencies, then, you'd have to know
these to build an effective jammer.
I of course have no information on what was actually installed in Jim
Bell's car, where, how, or by whom, except as emails have described
here, and I take this with a grain of salt.
ObDisclaimer to Jeff Gordon and crew: this email posting does not constitute
any sort of intent to do anything.  It is mereley an excercise of my
constitutionally protected rights to freedom of speech.  Recall that by the oath you have taken to protect and uphold the laws of the United States of America when you first decided to work for the government, you
are required to protect defend my right to freedom of speech.

@_date: 2001-04-12 18:18:18
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: (no subject) 
Take one home, sqeeze the juice out of it, add lots of water, add some sugar, and mix in your blender.  Just like lemonade, only, it's a bomb
when it comes to taste.

@_date: 2001-04-12 19:04:36
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
Ah, yes, that would be another place. :)
I've read that bit later on, that it would beep him if he got out of a specific
I think you could wire up a bug to whatever recharges the battery and have the
bug recharge it's batteries that way..  that would of course increase the
size.  I'm just theorizing on bug design of course... :)
Sure.  So if the question is that the bug would beep Gordon when Bell got
out of a certain radius, then the car was running, hence you wouldn't have
to drain the battery constantly.  And they claim the bug was constantly
transmitting.  That's a pretty stupid way to implement a bug as at that
point you could sweep for it.  But who knows what kind of spread spectrum
send a burst/chirp for 1ms every two minutes kind of bug it would be? :)
Um, yes, military grade versus civilian grade GPS.  My question now is
are the bits of mil GPS info transmitted at the same frequencies as the
civilian bits of data which are randomized?  If they're different, then
a GPS jammer would have to spit junk out on both sets.
Guy gets out of bar slurring his speech, scrambles around walking out of
balance.  Goes to his car after many burps and hicckups, tries to insert
his key into the lock and misses several times, gets it open, turns on
the engine and starts to drive.  Cop pulls him over, administers breathalizer test.  Cop is surprised to find the guy has a blood alcohol
level of zero. "How's that possible he asks the guy?"  Guy answers
"I'm tonight's designated decoy."   (This was a cartoon somewhere.)
So, yeah, I'm tonight's designated decoy.  Let the feds monitor me
scratching my butt, watching cartoons and burping, while the next Jim
Bell does whatever it is he is doing. :)
I suppose they could charge me with wasting taxpayer money, but hey,
I didn't invent that racket.

@_date: 2001-04-17 14:21:58
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Our spy plane, and... 
There used to be a site called spycounterspy.com that had this sort of
info, but it's been long since "vanished."  Look for mirrors I suppose.

@_date: 2001-04-18 13:54:39
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven         
Wouldn't your own reputation be blinded by a nym anyway?

@_date: 2001-04-19 14:20:08
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven     
Ah, yes, traffic analysis, context analysis.  Good stuff.  There are
ways around this problem.  Solving the traffic analysis involves
having a lot of mixmasters out there.  Sad that there aren't more.
It also depends on how circumstantial versus how hard said evidence
is.  Sure, if you're reccomending your favorite dope dealer to
someone else, it doesn't matter how they found out that you are the
infamous B34r "McVeigh" Phr3 at k4z01d, they can get you on a possession
Been there, done that. See Medusa's Tentacles from ye ol'e Detweiler
(Just got it back from google.  Search for other medusa1b.zip if that
link is 404.)
Feel free to take my code and update it to something more useful than
the brainfart that it was. :)

@_date: 2001-12-03 10:02:44
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Fw: [Fwd: Fw: Cow philosophy] (fwd) 
Speaking of cows and poly-ticks...
THE "TWO COW" EXPLANATION OF WHAT MAKES...
A CHRISTIAN DEMOCRAT:
You have two cows.You keep one and give one to your neighbor.
A SOCIALIST:
You have two cows. The government takes one and gives it to your
AN AMERICAN REPUBLICAN:
You have two cows. Your neighbor has none. So what?
AN AMERICAN DEMOCRAT:
You have two cows. Your neighbor has none. You feel guilty for being
successful. You vote people into office who tax your cows, forcing you
to sell one to raise money to pay the tax. The people you voted for then
take the tax money and buy a cow and give it to your neighbor. You feel
A COMMUNIST:
You have two cows. The government seizes both and provides you with
A FASCIST:
You have two cows. The government seizes both and sells you the milk.
You join the underground and start a campaign of sabotage.
DEMOCRACY, AMERICAN STYLE:
You have two cows. The government taxes you to the point you have to
sell both to support a man in a foreign country who has only one cow,
which was a gift from your government.
CAPITALISM, AMERICAN STYLE:
You have two cows. You sell one, buy a bull, and build a herd of cows.
BUREAUCRACY, AMERICAN STYLE:
You have two cows. The government takes them both, shoots one, milks the
other, pays you for the milk, then pours the milk down the drain.
AN AMERICAN CORPORATION:
You have two cows. You sell one, and force the other to produce the milk
of four cows. You are surprised when the cow drops dead.
A FRENCH CORPORATION:
You have two cows. You go on strike because you want three cows.
A JAPANESE CORPORATION:
You have two cows. You redesign them so they are one-tenth the size of
an ordinary cow and produce twenty times the milk. You then create
clever cow cartoon images called Cowkimon and market them World-Wide.
A GERMAN CORPORATION:
You have two cows. You reengineer them so they live for 100 years, eat
once a month, and milk themselves.
A BRITISH CORPORATION:
You have two cows. They are mad. They die. Pass the shepherd's pie,
AN ITALIAN CORPORATION:
You have two cows, but you don't know where they are. You break for
A RUSSIAN CORPORATION:
You have two cows. You count them and learn you have five cows. You
count them again and learn you have 42 cows. You count them again and
learn you have 12 cows. You stop counting cows and open another bottle
of vodka.
A SWISS CORPORATION:
You have 5000 cows, none of which belong to you. You charge others for
storing them.
A BRAZILIAN CORPORATION:
You have two cows. You enter into a partnership with an American
corporation. Soon you have 1000 cows and the American corporation
declares bankruptcy.
AN INDIAN CORPORATION:
You have two cows. You worship both of them.
A CHINESE CORPORATION:
You have two cows. You have 300 people milking them. You claim full
employment, high bovine productivity, and arrest the newsman who
reported on them.
AN ISRAELI CORPORATION:
There are these two Jewish cows, right? They open a milk factory, an ice
cream store, and then sell the movie rights. They send their calves to
Harvard to become doctors. So, who needs people?
AN ARKANSAS CORPORATION:
You have two cows. That one on the left is kinda cute...

@_date: 2001-12-03 11:38:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Further thoughts on Reputation Capital systems and implementation 
Thanks for the pointer, a very good essay indeed. :)
I haven't checked in any meaningful way, but that thread doesn't seem to
have any replies from Ralph...  Do you recall any details as to what would
cause oscillations?  Would be interesting to explore this.
I expect that having a way to prove collusion by checking who praises
whom, etc. would likely avoid such problems.  As would I suppose personal
observation of current behavior.
Say for instance Mr. Measels manages to accumulate quite a large sum of
positive repcap, if he spews a bunch of the lame ass CJ knockoff messages,
I suspect most people would adjust their cached repcap's of him pretty
quickly - At least I would.  (CJ did/does write kooky messages, but at
least they're funny...)
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-03 11:42:17
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
Ok, then I propose to surround your property from any vantage point on
public land, and setup gigantic speakers from which I would recite very
loud speeches in your direction at 3:00am.
As I would be on public land and excercising my freedom of speech, you
couldn't do anything as that would be censorship.  Or are you ready to
submit that "Congress shall make no law ... freedom of expression" only
applies to Congress?
Also, I didn't receive any reply from you on your views of the parable of
the ants and the cricket from your insane CACL thread...
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-03 16:40:11
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Further thoughts on Reputation Capital systems and  
Right, but will this type of thing cause oscillations, or some sort of
synchronizations, and if so, what are the ways around it...
In some ways I do look at that repcap model as a stock market, but rather
than individual stocks, you have reputations.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-04 07:49:27
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
Then that would involve the FCC which wouldn't be pure speech.  Besides,
roasted Choate won't be so appetizing.  I find it more fun tweaking him on
his errors. :)
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-04 08:17:39
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Further thoughts on Reputation Capital systems and 
com>
Erm, errata ESC:%s/Mr Measels/mattd/g
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-05 14:53:07
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A little quiet in here.... 
Well, I did get your particular message.  After scumscribing to lne.com, I
got 3-4 messages, and nothing more...  I guess it's time to read from "the
archives" -- if they've caught any traffic at all.
Someone mentioned lne had a bad dns entry for an mx record (an extra .)
Choate mentioned he was going to switch ssz to some other T1's or
something...  (I generally don't pay attention to Choate when he's not
posting hillariously illogical Choatian-Prime posts.)
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-06 10:44:26
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Honest business opportunity reporting     1868 
I almost never comment on spam, but this one is ridiculously funny!  :)
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-06 16:05:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Further thoughts on Reputation Capital systems and 
But that's not a problem as that's a small set of players.  You also have
several hundred others who give positive or negative repcaps to Alice,
Bob, Charlie, Doug, Eddie, Frank, Jenny, etc and to each other.
If two people have a bitch out, that's not going to affect them in a
positive way.  If Alice and Bob give opposite repcaps to Charlie, they'll
cancel each other out, so repcaps from Doug, Eddie Frank, Jenny would
provide a closer look.
It would be a very rare thing to have a 50/50 postive/negative repcap.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 09:13:08
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Oh, you mean like the parable of the ants and the grasshopper? Where the
ants get the results of the work they put into it, and the grasshopper who
didn't do any work starves and freezes in the winter?
So now you're saying that the very thing you've had a problem in the past
with because it's capitalism is now a good thing.  So are you finally
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 09:24:51
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Yes, but someone somewhere is in charge of making the decision that
something is more or less efficient.  How do you measure merit for
instance for literature?  There can be little technical measures.  Sure,
you can measure grammer and spelling, and use of vocabulary, but you
cannot measure creativity by technical means.
Discrimination is simply the chosing of A over B, C, D, and E.  It is not
necessarily emotional.  When someone choses mates, he/she does so by
picking the mate that is most likely to guarantee the sucess of their
When someone has discriminating taste, it means that they aren't likely to
eat at McDonalds.  Further, discriminating between food and poison is a
very good thing and has everything to do with logic.  The goal of every
being is to survive and to produce offspring.  It is therefore a good
thing if that being can discriminate between sweet and bitter
flavors.  Sweet flavors are more likely to provide nutrition whereas
bitter flavors may indicate posion.
Merit simply discriminates between those who have done the work, and
therefore are worthy of the reward, and those who haven't.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-13 14:33:58
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Real capitalism falling down drunk 
That's not coercion you moron, that's progress.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-18 17:02:55
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
But it's free speech, not music, regardless of amplification, so how does
the ordinance apply?
But in your world, there's nothing anyone can do to stop me, because if
they were to do so, they'd violate my freedom of speech.  If the
constitution applies to all Americans, then only a Russian or other
non-American could tell me to shut the fuck up. Acording to your statement two sentences down from this one, you can't do
shit to stop me as you're an American and the Constitution applies to all
But the 1st ammendment doesn't say "No American shall make no laws
limiting the freedom of the press, etc." It says "Congress shall make no
law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free
exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or
the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the
Government for a redress of grievances." Hence the distinction.  There in lies your error and lack of
understanding.  And this is why on private property the property owner decides what is and
isn't allowed.  This is why on public property that belongs to a specific
state or city Congress has nothing to do with it, and the owner may decide
on the rules of the house: "Amendment X The powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."
So now by muttering something about city ordinances about amplified music
and certain hours, you've just admited that entities other than Congress
may pass laws, and that Freedom of speech can be limited by any other
entity, including: the states, cities, and individuals.
And therefore your message below is completely wrong.  Congratulations,
you've just proven yourself wrong:

@_date: 2001-12-18 17:17:54
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
So from your reply, I'll assume the answer to my "So are you finally
evolving?" question is still No.
I, and everyone in the world, is aware that commerce != capitalism, and
that you are avoiding the question.  As there are no CACL promoters
(except in Choate') it is not possible for them to suppose
otherwise.  Even in Choate' CACL promoters are aware that commerce !=
Capitalism is of course the system that allows commerce to happen.  Commerce is not legally possible in a communist or fascist system as such
a system does not allow private ownership.
You still have avoided the question of the ants and the grasshopper.  To
quote you again:
So by this answer you are stating that the grasshopper merits death and
the ants merit survival.  There is no amount of twisting you can perform
to escape this, other than a retraction of your statements.
As such a system (a meritocracy) necessitates the reward of those who
perform work and the demise of those who do not, socialism does not fit in
here.  You don't get a C- and get to pass in a meritocracy.  You work and
survive, or don't and die.
One good example of a meritocratic system is capitalism.  You work or you
have money, you make money, you get to buy food, you get to buy/rent
shelter, you get to attract mates and thus propagate.  You don't work and
you have no money, you don't get to survive.
Therefore by your statement above that you have no problem with a
meritocracy, and my statement that capitalism is a meritocracy, you have
to agree that you also have no problem with capitalism.
Notice, I did not say greed.
Nor does Merriam Webster mention greed in the definition of capitalism.
See Main Entry:	cap7i7tal7ism Pronunciation:	'ka-p&-t&l-"iz-&m, 'kap-t&l-, British also k&-'pi-t&l-
Function:	noun
: an economic system characterized by private or corporate ownership of
capital goods, by investments that are determined by private decision, and
by prices, production, and the distribution of goods that are determined
mainly by competition in a free market
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 08:19:17
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
I'll take that to still mean "No" :)
To whom does "Not hardly" refer to exactly?  Care to point the individual
names of those who are not aware that commerce != capitalism so that we
can both ask them?
Deja Vue.  Now if you'd only see yourself through that lens.
The question I asked you was in this quote:
Which was in response to this message:
Since capitalism is a meritocracy (Those who work eat;  Those who don't
starve) and you've stated that meritocracies are good, are you at long
last saying that capitalism is a good thing?
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 08:20:42
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: AP Al quim, Tim May Torn asunder. 
That question was not posed to you.  Unless you are Jim Bell, fuck off.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 08:26:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
Sigh... I wonder if there is anything inChoate doesn't misunderstand....  We may never know...
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 08:30:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
Ok, show of hands....
Who here claims to be a member of CACL?
Ok, of those who claim to be members of CACL's, who claims to be a
self-appointed CACL genius?
Tim?  Declan?  Anyone?
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 12:16:37
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Last I heard, neither MAE East, nor MAE West were ever dragged into
court on co-conspiritor charges just because packets from some German
hacker kid hopped through their Cisco's.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 12:30:17
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
One would hope that the same guys that swore an oath to serve and protect
the laws of the USA would realize that the very first such set of laws was
and is the Constitution.
Certainly power does corrupt, but you've got to think that at one point in
their lives before they became G men, they had it in mind that they were
doing something good and wholesome in working for Uncle Sam, and
protecting Americans and the American Way of Life (as defined by the
Declaration of Independance, the Bill of Rights, etc.)
Unless of course it was a choice between flippin' Big Mac's and workin'
for Uncle Sam... but I digress.. :)
They are supposed to be the good guys after all - serving the law (and by
definition the greatest law of the USA - its Constitution).  You know,
they're supposed to be the ones wearing the white cowboy hats.  The ones
that never start the gun fights, but always win them, the ones that help
old ladies cross the corral... Not the cattle rustlin', horse theiving,
lying, cussin', motherlovin', train-robbin', scandal covering up guys who
in the movies are always wearing black cowboy hats.
Seeing creatures (as in the lore of H.P. Lovecraft) such as Janet Reno,
Lon Hirouchi (sp?) and Jeff Gordon, one wants to walk up to them and ask
"Where did you go astray?  What corrupted you?  Or were you just attracted
to power like a horsefly to fresh dog shit?"
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 16:46:56
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
Warped indeed.  Maybe inChoate' capitalism means that.  As per
Merriam-Webster's, in this dimention and in the English language it means
the following:
Main Entry:	cap7i7tal7ism Pronunciation:	'ka-p&-t&l-"iz-&m, 'kap-t&l-, British also k&-'pi-t&l-
Function:	noun
: an economic system characterized by private or corporate ownership of
capital goods, by investments that are determined by private decision, and
by prices, production, and the distribution of goods that are determined
mainly by competition in a free market
(As cut and pasted from Note the words "private" and "ownership" and "goods" which are not
possible in a fascist, communist, or socialist state.
Note the lack of the words "greed" or "belief that $$$ is the primary goal
in life" or "he who collects the most is the best."
All it claims to be is a system that allows private/corporate ownership of
goods where decisions are made by private (versus government) decision and
of course "free market."
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 16:50:06
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Axed Intel Man Loses E-Mail Case 
If I'd find a way to make money off your antics I would.  Sadly, I believe
that I'm part of that minority which find your - shall I say, "alternate
view point of reality" really entertaining, and tweaking you to produce
more of it funny.  Most people that I'm aware of find it somewhat boring
and unentertaining, so I'm afraid we wouldn't make a very good road
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-19 16:53:37
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: AP Al quim 
But you must admit it's funny watching him stumble in new and
unprecedented ways. :)  I can't resist it either.  Aw hell, it beats
watching the comedy channel and he's at least twice as funny...
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------
ROTFL! :)

@_date: 2001-12-20 11:42:35
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
Says who exactly (other than yourself)?  Please provide quoted references
that state exactly what you have just said.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-20 11:44:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
And which BASIC PRINCIPLE is that?  Where is the law that codifies
that?  I don't see anything in the Bill of Rights that says anything about
  "Do what thou will shall be the whole of the law, so long as it affect
not another."
Only in thelema and wicca is there anything close.
Certainly it is a good principle, but where is it in the law?
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-20 11:50:23
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Test 
Come on now Jim, we all know you can count to much higher numbers than
that. :)  Can we see you count to 10?  Maybe even 100?
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-20 12:10:54
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Who Am I Anyway? 
Says who Jim (other than you)?  Prove it.  Provide us with references that
state that in WWII soldiers were required to provide driver licenses,
passports, birth certs or other proof of identity.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-20 13:04:10
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
They do?  Where?  That's funny, I didn't think the dudes who wrote the
Bill o'Rights knew anything about operating systems, much less
computers.  Wow!  So were they time travelers?  Or did they have crystal
balls? (Huh huh, huh huh, he said 'balls'!  Yeah, yeah, that was cool!)
So in our universe/dimension/etc, our bill of rights says this for it's
9th and 10th ammendments...  What do they say inChote'?
Amendment IX: The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights,
shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
Amendment X: The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the
states respectively, or to the people.

@_date: 2001-12-20 13:09:44
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Um, Blanc, that was a rethorical question. :)  I don't really want to know
the "answer" -- it doesn't really matter.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-20 14:17:03
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: MS DRM OS 
Pshaw... with our patent office?  Hell, if it says "Microsoft" on the
application the monkey with the "Approved" stamp will happily apply the
ink to the paper.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-12-28 11:17:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Tim May;Anarcho-phony,cheap fraud and despicable  
Yeah, IMHO mattd is in the end stage of neurosyphilis, which he got from
Vulis.  I tried to make heads or tails out of it, but he beats otoT on the
weirdness level.  At least otoT had style...
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-02-08 11:47:15
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: can you get fire woks for me and pipe bombs 
Sure, just go to your nearest cookware store. They'll have lots of woks.
As for pipes, your hardware store will have that.
In terms of bombs, that's easy, got to your local DVD store and rent
all the B movies.

@_date: 2001-02-09 16:48:40
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Brit Intel Telling Tales 
I suppose it would be too much to hope that some spammer scumbag would
spam that one file to all .co.uk addresses in its db as a joke....

@_date: 2001-02-15 16:33:10
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Zimmerman and Hayden, sitting in a tree... 
I wouldn't worry about them.  I have this analogy in mind that micro$hit is
a lot like IBM.  Once threatened with heavy competition from the pc clones,
they went to microchannel.  But no one followed.  Most people decided to
not go for proprietary, generic stuff.
Until recently, the last time I've played with Linux was about 5 years ago
and that was with Slackware.  I've spent most of my unix time in OpenBSD
or Solaris land.  Recently having come back, I see little difference from a users point of view in installation or use difficulty to w98 or w2k and Mandrake 7.2 or RedHat 7.
Sure 9x/NT/2k is not now nor has ever been remotely linux like, but the
idea of getting your linux (or BSD) from a specific vendor doesn't stop you from running (open source) software.
Even most non-open sourced stuff will run under linux emulation on *BSD
boxes anyway.
What the dickwads are doing is attempting to coerce hardware vendors to
lock themselves into windows only.  They won't do it.  Those that will
can look forward to huge losses of money or having their drivers reverse
For more fun, see today's slashdot.org: Based on Allchin's words, I'd say they're seeing the writing on the wall.
Perhaps some new survey indicating how many open source systems versus
how many microsoft systems there really are out there crawled up his ass.

@_date: 2001-02-20 11:40:01
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: It's 2001, so it must be time for A Modest Filtering Proposal 
Latency is pretty high actually these days as I tend to be too busy to
read the list in a timely manner - whatever that means.  As usual I queue
up mail as I read it, saving it to a folder, then I use a perl script to
deliver it.  It used to be once a week, now, it's sometimes more.
At times of stress (i.e. moving, changing jobs, heavy work load) the delay
has gotten as high as a month - though this tends to be rare.  The norm is
a week to a week and a half.
Because of this, I don't always include notices of meetings or events that
I don't anticipate sending the queued up messages in time for.
It will remain in service as long as there is interest in it (both my
personal interest in running it and the interest of its users), and as long as I can devote *some* time to it.
Indeed, it's filtered based on what I think is interesting, though most
of the time I take pretty much any post that's not spam, not a subject
that's offtopic to cypherpunks - i.e. answers to request for envelope
stuffing, bomb making, stickers, child porn, glue sniffing, CDR node
politics and discussions about filtering.
Yes, some of Choate's postings do make it through - the useful ones.
Sadly even the single url ones if the url points to something useful.
The alternate Choatian universe posts don't.
Anything technical, if on topic makes it.  (i.e. a discussion of the
combustion engine, or types of boilers and heating systems won't
make it - if it does, only one or two interesting messages will.)
All crypto related math or tech stuff goes through.
Since you mention it, most of your posts make it through, though, not
the attakcs on morons, as I delete the original moron's message, hence the thread itself being offtopic the replies to it don't make it.
The Reply-To's are set to whatever mailing list/person they came from.  I don't censor your replies nor receive them unless you send them to
a mailing list that I read (i.e. the cdr's)  I censor only the incoming
text as if I were clipping articles out of a newspaper and junking the
fluff and ads.
The side effect of replying to a filtered message is that the subject
gets a "cpunx: " tag added to it.  So if you dislike the "CDR:" you
won't like this.  At the same time to avoid overload of such subject
like keywords, I strip the "CDR:" from all subject lines before sending
the messages, thus effectively replacing one tag for another.
I also remove the artifacts of "RE: Re: re:" whenever possible.  You
won't see "cpunx: Re: cpunx:" as I filter those out also.
A lot of mailing lists do this type of subject tagging, and I happen
to like.  I realize most of you - those who have commmented on this
dislike the practice.  I happen to agree that it should be done with a
bit of caution to prevent "Re: Re: Re:" and "CDR: CDR: CDR:" subjects.
Sometimes I fuck up and save an important message twice.  Sometimes I fuck up and a notice for a meeting that already happened gets sent.
It happens.  Get over it. :)
These aren't rules, and I don't have this as a hard in stone policy, and
yes, I break my own "rules" because they aren't - they're more of an
observation of my personal decisions and actions.
I used to have archives of the digests, but too many spooks were emailing
me about them, or being attracted by them, so I stopped distributing them
on the web, removing obvious assholes that have .gov addresses.  Hey, I
don't want them wasting my hard earned taxes for their surfing.  Let them
get hotmail accounts if they've got half a clue. :)  I'm sure the real spooks already are subscribed to the unfiltered cdr's, so why the fuck
should I provide them with sanitized info?  I already "work" for them
half of my working time by paying them over 50% of my pay to taxes.
As this rant is about the filtered list, I likely will let it in the
filtered list to let those who read the list get a glimpse of how it works,
or rather how 'I work' to provide it.

@_date: 2001-02-20 12:06:54
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Is a Thermal Imaging search needful of a warrant? 
And what should you stick to?
And what says that I can't shoot down a bird that flies over my property
provided my property is large enough to prevent me shooting bullets through
the neighbors' windows?
Does it?  Yes.  Does it allow the user to see through blinds?  Yes.  Does it
allow the user to see through some kinds of walls? Yes.  Wait, what was that
first word there again?  You know "blinds?"  The word implies something.
Reasonable expectation of privacy in your home.  Seeing through said blinds
violates this.
Is inserting a listening device in your home illegal?  Yes, if you're not
the owner, yes, if you're not a LEO with a warrant.  Is listening to the
vibrations of a metal object inside said house using microwaves?  Yes,
ditto.  Is bouncing a laser off a window? Yes.
Indeed the technology used doesn't matter.  The frequency doesn't matter.
Violating the reasonable expectation of privacy does.  i.e. if you can't
hear it as you're passing by without additional help, if you can't see it
as you're passing the house without additional help, reasonable privacy
applies. Some may even argue that if you're outside someone's house and see
something happening inside the house is okay, but videotaping it and
broadcasting/selling it might not be.  YMMV...  - i.e. your neighbors
are doing it infront of the window, and you videotape it.  Selling it
might violate some laws depending on your city/state.

@_date: 2001-02-20 12:32:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: NSA, Pentagon, police fund research into steganography  
So now the question becomes which stego programs don't leave fingerprints.
Should they wish to block stego they might have in mind setting up gateways
that twiddle with the low level bits to prevent the message getting through,
but that opens up lots of cans of worms for them.
This is exceedingly difficult because your router now has to try and detect,
recognize, and edit images, sounds, movies and other media on the fly.  Of
course it will set off signatures if they're used.  A user might create a
bullshit hotmail account and send a picture to himself then compare the
two, etc... so it would have to be done at the legal level, which for us
USA folks would bring in freedom of speech issues.  For China or Singapore
where there's the big firewall, it's not an issue.
That leaves only detection open.  Which doesn't provide the actual info
stored in the stegoed message.  Just flags it as "hey this guy is hiding
something."  Might be enough in some countries to cause the death of the
sender and/or receiver.  Here, I suppose it's a reason to have them
watched closer.
messages leaving from .mil addresses as this would likely indicate the
sender is a traitor.  i.e. like the Fed that got caught recently spying
for the Russians.

@_date: 2001-02-20 16:57:18
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Is a Thermal Imaging search needful of a warrant? 
Non endangered generic duck for example.  Assume it's hunting season.  Now
assume it's a radio controlled flying bot with a camera.  Can I shoot it
down if it's flying over my land and I recognize it for the spook gear it
really is?
Probable cause != warrant.  Probable cause is needed to obtain one.  Not the
same thing.  Search warrants do not allow cops to remove blinds from windows.
They allow them the ability to search a specific location for specific items
for which they have presented a judge probable cause that they'll find said
items.  It does not allow for open ended surveilance - i.e. a fishing
Newsflash, neither does the word 'privacy'.  Hence it's not a constitutional
issue, though it should be.  It is however a 4th ammendment issue as it
involves "searches" by government types.

@_date: 2001-02-21 17:51:02
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Sealand and Experimental Rocketry 
So why don't you shut the fuck up an do it already.  Take a long trip to
Sealand, implement all this good stuff and tell us about it when you come
back.  Not now.

@_date: 2001-02-22 12:03:45
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Testing for encryption. (fwd) 
Yes, but you >CAN< specify that PGP and GPG and OpenPGP and other flavors
are acceptible.  However, for a closed mailing list you simply require a particular (or
a set of) flavor of email encryptors which the listserver will understand.
Simple.  Solved.  Done.
So your arguement is bullshit.  These have clear text tags indicating what
the encrypted data was encrypted with.  End of story.
You can check the level of entropy in a block, which will tell you that
it is either random, random looking, or encrypted.
Certain encryption algorithms MAY have some characteristics over just plain random data.  For instance WWII engima had a flaw whereby if you
encoded an "A" you would never get back an "A".  This was very useful
for Bletchley.  If you're trying to detect whether or not there's hidden stego in something there are several ways to find out.  One is simply if you get
two copies of the same media, you can compare them.  Another is to look
for statistical differences in the low bits based on the program that
generated them.  You'll find that the low bits of audio for instance
aren't all that random usually... etc...
If you've got a good stego program, it will try to compensate for the
bits it changes.  Depending on how good it is, you can figure it out.

@_date: 2001-02-22 16:51:09
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: The Key Vanishes: Scientist Outlines Unbreakable Code 
Any mutually agreed upon source will do. i.e.  Pick a web cam.  Any web cam.
Hell, one pointed at a bowl of swimming goldfish should at least give you
enough randomness to start with.

@_date: 2001-02-22 18:29:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: The Key Vanishes: Scientist Outlines Unbreakable Code 
Actually I am not.
If that is your threat model.  Again, go back and read this guy's paper.
The random source is available to anyone in his scheme.
If that's my threat model, yes.  If it's not, I may be willing to build my
own set of web cams, etc.

@_date: 2001-02-23 17:00:24
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: need info on how to make bombs and explosive 
To make bombs, just buy a cheap camcorder put on a play and it'll bomb.
Please don't use expletives on our mailing lists, or we'll tell you to
go fuck yourself.

@_date: 2001-02-27 10:53:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Micropayments: Effective Replacement For Ads? 
Or you make the pay for pages be error pages in the body with keywords
of the contents.  That way, say your bot hits an article about squirrel
mating habbits, in the body, you hide the keywords of that article (in
comments, or in a 0 point font, or in black on black text, or in the
header, etc.), so that bot can add them to it's corpus and get you the
results on a search, but the HTML displays a sign up page.
It won't get you results on specific phrases, but the keywords will
get you the results you need.
Pretty easy to do with CGI's.  So when someone goes to google.com and gets
results on that pay-for-access page, even if they hit the "cached page"
page, they'll see the pay-for-access to this article, if they want to get
it, they pay their $0.005 or whatever micropayment, and it's done.
This assumes that the micropayment per content view model will work.
Having worked at a big 800lbs gorrilla pay-for web site in the past, I
can tell you it's not likely to work.  99% of the audience will not pay
for the article - they'll just go elsewhere for similar info.  That 1%
that is conducting commercial research will pay even as much as $500 per
page if the data is complete.
As an example, once a year, the said co put out a list of info about
other companies.  The same list was published on paper for under $5
about a month later.  We had quite a few purchases for this list, some
were two people from the same company purchasing the list.
Of course anyone with a scanner and good OCR software would have it for
$5, but it goes to show you micropayments aren't the way to go.  Macro
payments are.

@_date: 2001-01-02 14:37:33
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Alien hunters devise world's smallest microphone 
Alien hunters devise world's smallest microphone
By: Lucy Sherriff
Posted: 02/01/2001 at 15:51 GMT
Researchers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory claim to have devised the most sensitive listening device ever. Designed to enable
robot explorers to listen out for life on other planets, the tiny microphone could theoretically detect the sound of a single cell
growing.

@_date: 2001-01-02 15:08:28
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: "...A Heaping dose of FUD..." 
Clinton Admin goes out in a blaze of cyber-terror
By: Thomas C Greene in Washington
Posted: 30/12/2000 at 20:06 GMT
No Clinton Administration swan song would be complete without a heaping dose of cyber-crime FUD. We have not been disappointed.
National Security Advisor Richard Clark and National Infrastructure Protection Centre (NIPC) Director Michael Vatis are clanging the
cymbals again, warning that this year's New Year's cyber attacks might be even more devastating than last year's New Year's cyber
You remember last year's New Year's cyber attacks, right? Right. Neither do we. But this time the sky really is falling, we are assured. Apparently, a vast number of personal computers have
been turned into "zombies" (clients) for the Mother of all DDoS attacks, expected to commence New Year's Eve.
We think the only real "zombies" plugged into the Net are the living dead who would believe this drivel.
$30.5 million for Digital Storm, an FBI programme upgrading old-fashioned analogue signals collection gear with slick new digital
stuff; $100 million for an overall FBI technology upgrade called the Information Sharing Initiative;

@_date: 2001-01-04 12:52:25
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: US Attorney General nominee is pro-privacy 
US Attorney General nominee is pro-privacy
By: Kevin Poulsen
Posted: 04/01/2001 at 01:35 GMT
To civil liberty groups, President-elect George W. Bush's pick for US attorney general is an ultra-right wing Christian conservative
who fought abortion and gun control, and blocked the appointment of a black Missouri judge to the federal bench. But veteran cyber
libertarians know John Ashcroft as something else: a once-fierce ally in the successful battle to unshackle encryption technology.
As a US senator, Ashcroft was one of a handful of lawmakers who fought to tear down encryption export regulations -- the federal
rules that kept strong security and privacy-protecting technology out of mainstream commercial products. Ashcroft's views put him in
direct opposition to FBI director Louis Freeh, who argued for years that unrestricted encryption would allow criminals to thwart
lawful government surveillance.

@_date: 2001-01-04 12:54:19
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: NSA runs best fab in world 
NSA runs best fab in world
By: Mike Magee
Posted: 03/01/2001 at 13:03 GMT
You might think that AMD's Dresden fab is state-of-the-art technology. You might also suspect that Intel and IBM have some pretty
nifty technology too, lurking in their clean rooms and in their labs.
And you might be right as far as the commercial world goes. But there's a fab, owned by the US government, and run by the National
Security Agency (NSA), which is supposed to knock them into a cocked hat.

@_date: 2001-01-04 15:11:57
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Electric Kettles 
Bad idea:
"Why does water react  in a violent and dangerous way when overheated in a microwave oven? CA
Water doesn't always boil when it is heated above its normal boiling temperature (100 0C or 212 0F). The only thing that is certain
is that above that temperature, a steam bubble that forms inside the body of the liquid will be able to withstand the crushing
effects of atmospheric pressure. If no bubbles form, then boiling will simply remain a possibility, not a reality. Something has to
trigger the formation of steam bubbles, a process known as "nucleation." If there is no nucleation of steam bubbles, there will be
no boiling and therefore no effective limit to how hot the water can become.
Nucleation usually occurs at hot spots during stovetop cooking or at defects in the surfaces of cooking vessels. Glass containers
have few or no such defects. When you cook water in a smooth glass container, using a microwave oven, it is quite possible that
there will be no nucleation on the walls of the container and the water will superheat. This situation becomes even worse if the top
surface of the water is "sealed" by a thin layer of oil or fat so that evaporation can't occur, either. Superheated water is
extremely dangerous and people have been severely injured by such water. All it takes is some trigger to create the first bubble-a
fork or spoon opening up the inner surface of the water or striking the bottom of the container-and an explosion follows. I recently
filmed such explosions in my own microwave (low-quality movie (749KB), medium-quality movie (5.5MB)), or high-quality movie
(16.2MB)). As you'll hear in my flustered remarks after "Experiment 13," I was a bit shaken up by the ferocity of the explosion I
had triggered, despite every expectation that it would occur. After that surprise, you'll notice that I became much more concerned
about yanking my hand out of the oven before the fork reached the water. I recommend against trying this dangerous experiment, but
if you must, be extremely careful and don't superheat more than a few ounces of water. You can easily get burned or worse. For a
reader's story about a burn he received from superheated water in a microwave, touch here."

@_date: 2001-03-02 13:11:02
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: AIMster using DCMA's own tactics against RIAA 
"Aimster encrypts everything that is moved around its network,
 including all files and directories. It is impossible for anyone outside
 the system to monitor the network without circumventing the
 security. Breaking the encryption is illegal under the DMCA because
 the network and its programming code are copyrighted."

@_date: 2001-03-06 13:32:31
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: i want to build a bomb 
Send your request to this guy: Jeff.Gordon at tigta.treas.gov he will get you
all the details you need.  Tell him you know Jim Bell personally and worked
with him on "Assasination Politics" and you know Toto from Canada.

@_date: 2001-03-12 14:46:34
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Slashdot | 15 Minutes 
I don't mind so much that he surfs one or two news sites and posts a bunch of
I'd wish that:
1. he'd stick to on-topic articles and not give us any random shit he likes
2. he'd post a one or two paragraph quote from the article describing it
   under the urls.
3. put all the news stories from one site (slashdot for example) in one    email as if it were a digest.
The way he "helps" us is annoying at best and only one or two notches removed
from spam.
What pisses me off is that I actually do read slashdot regularly, and don't
need twenty or so emails a week with just urls.  It's pointless to send
them here if they don't generate discussions, and rarely do they ever.
Hey, it's great that someone this year will be able to clone humans.  It's
great that there's some guy up in canada that wants to build a napster clone
and use sealand, it's great that there are movie reviews out there, it's great that strides are being made in quantum computing, but none of it is
relevant here.
Hell, what's next?  I enjoy eating out once in a while, Jim, while it might
be entertaining for you to post restaurant reviews, it would also be off topic.
Well at least he's not emailing us entire web pages javascript and all
I guess the lithium is helping a bit... if only he'd take some of the prozac

@_date: 2001-03-12 14:52:30
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Toy gun ban: This is pleasantly insane 
Truly is thoughtcrime.
So are soap, towels, shaving cream, aftershave, pints of guinesss, shoes,
underwear, socks, coats, sunglasses, hats, and other items.  Hey, let's
ban them all.  After all they're all frequently used by criminals.
This "Ministry of Truth" is the real threat.

@_date: 2001-03-13 15:08:41
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Slashdot | 15 Minutes 
Nice instigation John, you got him to fold and spill the beans pretty damn
quick. :)  Now you've got plenty of info on him.  The NSA must be very happy
as they can begin the anal probe.  Expect to see him tied to a tree with a
satelite dish (and flames) sticking out of his ass in about a month and he'll
be screaming "Why does everyhing in this conversation have to do with things
going into or coming out of my ass."
I'll rustle up the cows so they can talk to the aliens... :)

@_date: 2001-03-14 10:37:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [Re: If law is based on precedence] 
Clue: it's off topic.  Sigh, another Perrygram I've had to send...

@_date: 2001-03-14 18:33:14
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Interpreting the Constitution 
Right under your nose:
       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  and  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

@_date: 2001-03-14 18:39:21
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [Re: If law is based on precedence] 
Show me where it says that in the list charter.
Sure says nothing about civil liberties.
Hell, I'll save your lazy ass the trouble: ( *** emphasis mine):
About cypherpunks
The cypherpunks list is not designed for beginners, although they are welcome.
If you are totally new to crypto, please get and read the crypto FAQ referenced
below. This document is a good introduction, although not short. Crypto is a
subtle field and a good understanding will not come without some study. Please,
as a courtesy to all, do some reading to make sure that your question is not
already frequently asked. There are other forums to use on the subject of cryptography. The Usenet group
sci.crypt deals with technical cryptography; cypherpunks deals with technical
details but slants the discussion toward their social implications. The Usenet
group talk.politics.crypto, as is says, is for political theorizing, and
cypherpunks gets its share of that, **** but cypherpunks is all pro-crypto
****; the debates on this list are about how to best get crypto out there. The
Usenet group alt.security.pgp is a pgp-specific group, and questions about pgp
as such are likely better asked there than here. Ditto for alt.security.ripem. Cypherpunks assume privacy is a good thing and wish there were more of it.
Cypherpunks acknowledge that those who want privacy must create it for
themselves and not expect governments, corporations, or other large, faceless
organizations to grant them privacy out of beneficence. Cypherpunks know that
people have been creating their own privacy for centuries with whispers,
envelopes, closed doors, and couriers. Cypherpunks do not seek to prevent other
people from speaking about their experiences or their opinions. The most important means to the defense of privacy is encryption. To encrypt is
to indicate the desire for privacy. But to encrypt with weak cryptography is to
indicate not too much desire for privacy. Cypherpunks hope that all people
desiring privacy will learn how best to defend it. Cypherpunks are therefore devoted to cryptography. Cypherpunks wish to learn
about it, to teach it, to implement it, and to make more of it. Cypherpunks
know that cryptographic protocols make social structures. Cypherpunks know how
to attack a system and how to defend it. Cypherpunks know just how hard it is
to make good cryptosystems. Cypherpunks love to practice. They love to play with public key cryptography.
They love to play with anonymous and pseudonymous mail forwarding and delivery.
They love to play with DC-nets. They love to play with secure communications of
all kinds. Cypherpunks write code. They know that someone has to write code to defend
privacy, and since it's their privacy, they're going to write it. Cypherpunks
publish their code so that their fellow cypherpunks may practice and play with
it. Cypherpunks realize that security is not built in a day and are patient
with incremental progress. Cypherpunks don't care if you don't like the software they write. Cypherpunks
know that software can't be destroyed. Cypherpunks know that a widely dispersed
system can't be shut down. Cypherpunks will make the networks safe for privacy. Again, this isn't lawyerpunks.

@_date: 2001-03-15 13:36:25
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [Jim Choate] 
Oh, but it is.  Those were the original papers, the original Cypherpunk
Constitution if you will, (even if you won't) that started this mailing
The demise of the toad.com address was not the end of the cypherpunks
list.  It was the reason to build a distributed list.  That there are
many server nodes in the "mailing list" does not change it's reason
for existance, nor it's fouding beliefs.
Recall that what had happened was that a hard censorship system was
set up where Sandy Sandford (if memory does not fail), served as a
filter between an uncensored list and a censored list.
This was done because of a certain pest named Vulis, who much like you
was spamming the list with his noise.
The fatal pill was simply a message that Sandy could not forward to
either list as it would have jeopardized his job.  At that point, Sandy
had to step down as he could not complete his role as filter.
Around that time Tim, also had left the  list in disgust.
Several others wisely decided to go off and build a distributed node
system so as to prevent attacks against the list by El Federale and
his cousins, and to get around the censorship.  Others may chirp in here
and add their comments as they remember.
However the goals and topics of these lists did not change.
I do.  As I'm sure others who have complained about your posts and are
filtering you do.
That's right.  The whole point of this was to prevent the list from being
fascistly controlled at the mailer end.
That's right it has, and that's not the issue.
I completely and totally agree with you.  Cypherpunks is and should always
be free of censorship.  It's not about censoring the list automatically at
the server level.  It's about YOU.  Your behavior.
It is not censorship I'm asking you to implement.  It's >SELF< control.
It's your INDIVIDUAL posts that are the issue, their format and content.
Sure Jim, you can post anything you like.  You CAN post about what the
best way to groom your dog would be.   You CAN post about your favorite
movie, or food, or your views on smoking, drinking alcohol, doing drugs
or not, premarital sex, postmarital sex, beastiality, pornography, making
bombs - whether chocolate or WWII engima cracking bombes, theoretical
physics, theoretical or practical law, rocketry, satelite orbits,
cold fusion, scientology, astronomy or astrology.
But *ALL* of those topics have been, are and would still be off topic.
Unless of course there is some relation to what is on topic.  Sure,
discuss quantum computers *IF* it has something to do with encryption.
Sure, discuss amateur rocketry *IF* it has something to do with
encryption or the pursuit of privacy.
Again, this is cypherpunks.  The topics here are limited to those related
to the pursuit of privacy and anonymity through the use of cryptography.
If you think you've found flaws in our legal systems, hey, that's
wonderful.  I commend you for it.  Just discuss it on alt.politics.
Or start up a mailing list called lawyerpunks and invite all the lawyers
in the world to discuss it with you.  You're free to do so, and that
is not censorship, nor fascist control.
You constantly post unrelated items to this list, and to what purpose,
I don't know.  I suspect that you are well intentioned and well meaning,
and you honestly believe that we are interested in your posts.  We may well
be.  But if you and I and others wish to discuss the theory of laws,
quantum physics, rocketry, or otherwise, we can all join you on other
mailing lists or on usenet groups.  Just not here.  Unless of course, there
is a relation to the pursuit of privacy and anonymity by the use of
So, please talk about privacy and anonymity via crypto here, talk
elsewhere about other topics.
The other issue people have with you is your spamming of the list
with one line url messages.  There's nothing to indicate WHY anyone
should follow the url, further, a lot of them have nothing to do with
crypto, anonymity or privacy.
Further, you've got your big gigantic signature at the bottom and this
one tiny url. That's really bad netiquette.
A lot of us aready read salon, slashdot, the register.  So you're not
providing anything useful.  But, what WOULD be useful is if you wrote
say ONE email with all the urls and small one or two paragraph snippets
from each story and post them all together.
That way, when people read the emails, they get ONE email from you with
ONE copy of your gigantic .sig, and if they're like me (i.e. read all
those web sites already), we can just delete that one message.
Really I do believe that you're trying to be helpful and want to share
the interesting news stories you've found.  Otherwise the question becomes why else would you post them?  So if you are trying to be helpful,
why not do it in a way that is helpful rather than in a way that is
Look, if you're being a Vulis/Detweiler, it was easy enough to get rid of them by plonking.
Hey, look, it's great that you and Igor have created the original CDR's
and are running one of them. But that doesn't change what is ON TOPIC
from what was set to be ON TOPIC when this list was created.  Again, see it's original CHARTER.  Even that url you list doesn't
specify what is on topic.  The original one I've posted does.
So again, a reminder:
Sure says nothing about civil liberties.
Hell, I'll save your lazy ass the trouble: ( *** emphasis mine):
About cypherpunks
The cypherpunks list is not designed for beginners, although they are welcome.
If you are totally new to crypto, please get and read the crypto FAQ referenced
below. This document is a good introduction, although not short. Crypto is a
subtle field and a good understanding will not come without some study. Please,
as a courtesy to all, do some reading to make sure that your question is not
already frequently asked. There are other forums to use on the subject of cryptography. The Usenet group
sci.crypt deals with technical cryptography; cypherpunks deals with technical
details but slants the discussion toward their social implications. The Usenet
group talk.politics.crypto, as is says, is for political theorizing, and
cypherpunks gets its share of that, **** but cypherpunks is all pro-crypto
****; the debates on this list are about how to best get crypto out there. The
Usenet group alt.security.pgp is a pgp-specific group, and questions about pgp
as such are likely better asked there than here. Ditto for alt.security.ripem. Cypherpunks assume privacy is a good thing and wish there were more of it.
Cypherpunks acknowledge that those who want privacy must create it for
themselves and not expect governments, corporations, or other large, faceless
organizations to grant them privacy out of beneficence. Cypherpunks know that
people have been creating their own privacy for centuries with whispers,
envelopes, closed doors, and couriers. Cypherpunks do not seek to prevent other
people from speaking about their experiences or their opinions. The most important means to the defense of privacy is encryption. To encrypt is
to indicate the desire for privacy. But to encrypt with weak cryptography is to
indicate not too much desire for privacy. Cypherpunks hope that all people
desiring privacy will learn how best to defend it. Cypherpunks are therefore devoted to cryptography. Cypherpunks wish to learn
about it, to teach it, to implement it, and to make more of it. Cypherpunks
know that cryptographic protocols make social structures. Cypherpunks know how
to attack a system and how to defend it. Cypherpunks know just how hard it is
to make good cryptosystems. Cypherpunks love to practice. They love to play with public key cryptography.
They love to play with anonymous and pseudonymous mail forwarding and delivery.
They love to play with DC-nets. They love to play with secure communications of
all kinds. Cypherpunks write code. They know that someone has to write code to defend
privacy, and since it's their privacy, they're going to write it. Cypherpunks
publish their code so that their fellow cypherpunks may practice and play with
it. Cypherpunks realize that security is not built in a day and are patient
with incremental progress. Cypherpunks don't care if you don't like the software they write. Cypherpunks
know that software can't be destroyed. Cypherpunks know that a widely dispersed
system can't be shut down. Cypherpunks will make the networks safe for privacy.

@_date: 2001-03-15 13:56:18
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: firewall 
Don't.  If you aren't just a paranoid nut, and you suspect she's cheating
on you, i.e. your gut is telling you something's not right, she probably is
cheating on you.  Move on.  Get over it.  Don't hack.  The feds will be on
your ass faster that you can say "Get lost bitch."
Unless of course you are one of the many trolling feds who monitor and
post on this list and ask for bomb making receipies: in that case
the answer to this email is that same as the answer to the "How do I get
to Carnagie Hall?" joke. i.e. "Go fuck yourself."

@_date: 2001-11-26 13:45:27
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Denning's Geo-crypto 
Um, rethorical question, but from my very limited understanding of GPS,
all the satelites do is send a series of time codes.  So if you wanted to
you could build several transmitters that sent out stuff on the same
frequenies.  Since you need to be outside to be able to use GPS, or at
least "see sky", that would imply that these signals are weak.  So
building something to spoof GPS should be relatively easy.
Seems to me that one could also easily build a system to "brute
force" through all possible positions on GPS.
Again, I emphasize "very limited understanding of GPS" :)
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-26 14:49:30
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
Great and wonderful except:
1. If such spyware has already been installed on your system you can't
trust your os therefore:
2. Any hard drive you can access so can they.  "They" can patch your
 	   back when I used a Mac. I recall I had to use special software
3. Newer G3+ Mac's use open boot prom or some such which lives in
eeprom.  Such things can be patched at that layer and can propagate on
bootup.  Booting off a read only disk (CDROM, etc) wouldn't help in this
4. If you live in a crowded area, your iPod can be lifted off you
in a false mugging, or break in, pick pocketting while you're at a
restaurant, movie, etc.
5. Watching for files that change daily is a fool's task for the reasons
mentioned above, and the Sysiphean task it presents.  Better get the
equivalent of Cops or Tripwire to do the work for you, but they too can be
tampered with.  6. If McAffee bent over to the Feds, you can be sure that so will the
makers of Zone Alarm and other firewalls.
7. Remember, they don't need to capture all your keystrokes.  Just the
ones you use as passphrases.  And they don't need to copy your whole hard
drive, though they easily could when you're out of the house.  Just your
secret key file and your passphrase.
8. If you shut off your computer when you leave your house, it makes their
job that much easier.  If you leave it on, they could note what's open and
put it back to the same spot.
9. If you use a login screen, etc, Or they could simply run something that
would take a snapshot of your desktop, shutdown your Mac, install the
malware/copy your files, then and boot off of a floppy that displays the
screen you left up, plus a Type 1 Bomb (MacOS equivalent of blue screen of
death), and eject the floppy thus - making it look like your Mac crashed,
or, simply go down to the basement and trip your circuit breakers making
it look like you've had a power failure (even UPS's run out at some
10. Ordered any new copies of a bit of software?  Maybe they have a deal
with FedEx, UPS, the Mailman.  Maybe what you're getting is the upgrade
and then some.  How can you tell that copy of SmallTalk doesn't carry an
extra bit of code just for you?  How can you tell that the latest patch to
MacOS you've just downloaded really came from Apple?  Sure DNS said it was
from ftp.apple.com but how do you know that the router upstream from your
internet provider didn't route your packets via ftp.fbi.gov?
Once they have physical access, you're fucked.  Remote access is almost as
dangerous as them having physical access, however it can work in your
favor as they won't be as familiar with your environment, and thus are far
more likely to expose the malware to you.
Sure, all of these things are more or less preventable, except for
physical access, and a lot of these come down to trust and reputation.  But reputation and trust are also rubber hose-able (if there is such a
word.)  :)
You can trust your best friend until you find out otherwise.  You can
trust your bank until you find out otherwise.  You can trust your software
provider until you find out otherwise.  But by the time you've found out,
if you've found out at all, you've already been fucked.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 13:06:04
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: solutions 
Sure, doing something is better than doing nothing, and it all boils down
to your threat model, as usual.  However, with the heightened 911 crap, it
seems these guys will do nearly anything to get the bad guy -- I wouldn't
put it past them to beat the shit out some one who just so happens to be
of arab descent until they sign a confession.
But one has to consider several factors in building a threat model
including: Why do I want to encrypt my hard drive?  Why do I want to
encrypt my emails?  How much attention am I attracting by starting to use
PGP now versus pre 911?  Can I communicate securely by means other than
Of course the cypherpunk answer is you should always encrypt everything
all the time, but if you haven't do so up until this point, is it worth
getting probed by the Feds?  Maybe it is if they have nothing on
you or you expect them to have little reason for fucking with you.
If you're of arabian descent, using PGP might just buy you a ticket to one
of those fancy new fangled jails where they don't let you have reasonable
access to a lawyer, a sweater, or much else among the company of the other
1100 or so suspected terror mongers.
On the other hand, if you're a known cypherpunk and have used PGP in the
past, this won't attract too much extra attention.
internet for much, just had face to face meetings, etc.  So of course the
use of spyware bugs and carnivore is simply an opportunistic grab at
power.  But so were the Jim Bell and Toto arrests.
The question isn't what have you or I or Joe Sixpack to hide as much as
what do the Feds think you have to hide, and is it worth it to attract
their attention.  If you're willing to attract their attention, do you
have the technical means to thawart and detect their intrusion, do you
have the legal (and by implication money to buy legal) means, etc.
The technical stuff is fairly easy if you think it through, but
difficult/expensive to implement well.  Find all the holes and close them,
and should they use black bag ops, set up ways to detect them. The legal
means have now changed.
Absolutely.  You can close most of the holes.  You can make the ones you
can't close harder to use by alarming them and watching them alarms
Doubtful. They've install key catcher hardware in lots of computers to get
spies and mobsters before.  The treasury guys installled a gps tracker in Jim Bell's car, etc.  All these imply black bag jobs are not beyond
them at all.
Sure, but that would be useless for past communications.  If they've
copied your emails before, and now have the key, they have what you wrote
and what you've read.  They don't have future writings, but once they've
broken in to your machine, you can assume they own it.  Depending on how
the bug is installed, simply wiping it might not be enough.
Yup.  Again, back to the threat model. :)

@_date: 2001-11-27 14:01:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter  
You're confused.  The ability of individuals acting in their own interests does not deny the
ability of a collection of those same individuals from working towards
mutual benefits.  Nor does it deny others who are not acting in those same
interest from benefiting from their work.
What objectivists object to is being bent over to whim or "needs" of
others.  You can't reward need.  You can reward work.
To take this to the other list that you're on (psychohistory), go and find
yourself this book: Emergence: The Connected Lives of Ants, Brains,
Cities, and Software by Steven Johnson.  Amazon should have it.
It shows (as an example) that individual ants don't act on a central
command.  There is no ant government, no ant leadership.  Rather ants work
by a very simple set of rules that are individual rules, but their actions
form a huge collective effort.  Unlike socialism or communism (in practice
not in theory) there is no need for central authority.
The same is true according to this book of slime mold cells, who work as
individuals, however at certain points, they merge to become one single
While I'm not comparing humans to ants, nor to slime mold cells -- don't
even attempt to make that connection, the lesson here for you to learn is
that individual action performed in the self interest of the individual,
when integrated over a large population shows emergent behavior, and is
beneficial to most members of the group.
You don't need socialism, communism, fascism or religion in order to help
others out.  The drives to survival and self preservation allow us humans
to act together in common interests.  As is does ants, most types of bees
(termite bees for example aren't social.), etc.
For example, mailing lists that are nothing more than a forum for the
exchange of ideas allow for positive communal results.  I would point to
something like bugtraq for example.  In terms of security, there's nothing
out there that has done more to help users of buggy software by simply
reporting that in fact Company M's product W, contains bug X.
Another example: The NTLK (Newton Talk Mailing LisT) provides a very good
forum for users of the killed off platform.  In fact, it has provided
excellent support to the point of the creation of new software that did
not exist when Apple did support it such as BackTalk (which allows Newts
to beam to Palms and vice versa), and ATA card drives allowing Newton
owners access to cheaper PCMCIA cards.
In each of these mailing lists, each actor runs their own algorithm and is
interested in self gain, yet, by having common goals, even without a
central authority, they are able to achieve goals that as individuals
they would not be to.
When someone makes up their mind to take care of themselves and their
interests, they are not preventing another from doing the same.  When someone puts a gun to your head and tells you to "hand over your
valuables, then bend over and grease up", that's "Freedom for me, none for
When someone is minding their own business, working in the pursuit of
liberty and prosperity, they are saying "Freedom for me, and freedom for
When someone says "You have to do as I say" others will say "fuck off"
When that someone pulls out a gun, it's no longer freedom for you and
freedom for me.  It's "I own you as long as I put a gun to your head and
you can't do shit about it if you can't fight back."
When someone says "Help me, I'm starving" that's not an order.  You are
free to chose to ignore or help that person.  If you chose to help them,
you did not deny them their freedoms.  If you chose to ignore them, you
also did not deny them their freedoms.
Back to the subject of ants.
I suppose you've never heard the parable of the ant and the grasshopper,
yes?  If you had, this would be far clearer to you why the communism or
socialism that you suggest doesn't work.
To paraphrase it: All spring and summer long, the ants worked hard and
harvested food.  Meanwhile the grasshopper played his fiddle and enjoyed
himself, but did nothing to secure his own future.  Then winter came.  The ants had food and warmth because they worked all spring and summer
long.  The grasshopper however was starving and froze to death.
Should the grasshopper have been allowed to share in the ant's hard
work after doing nothing all spring and summer long?  If so, then why
should the ants have worked so hard just to allow the grasshopper to be a
burden on them?  If so, why should all the ants have to work?  Maybe they
can take the grasshopper's example, and they can be lazy and find some
other creature to mooch off of...  What happens when there is no one left
to do the work?
Or should the grasshopper have done as the ants?  Assuming the ants said "Fuck off" Who is responsible for the grasshopper's
death?  The ants who didn't share their food?  Or is the grasshoper
responsible for his own failures.
Did the ants decide the grashopper's fate?  Or did the grasshopper decide
his own?  Did the ants force the grasshopper to not set up a nest for
himself away from the cold, or prevent him from collecting food?  Or did
he act on his own?
In terms of morals, why are in your view the ants evil and the lazy
grasshopper good?
Since the ants did not actively interefere with the grasshopper's day to
day modus operandi one way or another, why would you claim the ants are
morally responsible for the grasshopper's death?
Who decided that the grasshopper should not provide shelter and food
supplies for himself, but rather play all summer long?  Did anyone other
than the grasshopper prevent him from harvesting and planning for winter?
Now then, what's this about "freedom for me but not for three?"
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 14:14:30
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Absolutely.  I may trust you, but I might not trust (or even know) your
best friend.
In what way?
Yup, apparently there have been recent cases of high-rep sellers on ebay
who when ready to give up the ebay game put up auctions for high priced
items that they never deliver, effectively stealing the money.
It would be interesting to figure out an effective way to prevent
this.  Now ebay and things such as paypal, Visa/Master Card have measures
against this type of fraud, but they usually just eat the losses of the
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:00:11
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
Um, I'm not sure I can follow Choatatian Prime logic here.  Where did
Thomas's posting state that "of course people want to take advantage of
others?"  Then again, it doesn't matter at all.
If your assumption is that all people take advantage of each other, then
it's still "Freedom for me, and Freedom for you" rewritten as "I'm free to
take advantage of you, you're free to take advantage of me."
No, government isn't an emergent behavior of individuals.  It's based on
leaders and followers in certain percentages.  There can be no leaders if
no one is willing to follow them.  But of course this isn't the
case.  Therefore there is some measure of consent on the part of the
followers, whether it was in the form of guns pointed at their heads, or
free choice.  However, once you read up on ants, you'll find, there is no
ant government at all.
I also fail to follow your Choatian-Prime logic that connects "of course
people want to take advantage of each other" to the emergence of
What proof do you have that ants don't have self referential views, or
that humans don't have biological hard wired behaviors?  I in fact did not
make a hypothetis comparing humans to ants, I instead provided an example
where a central authority is not needed.  The hypothesis is that individuals may act in their own self interest, and
still derrive benefits for the group by doing so.  There was no direct
comparison of ants and humans, and I in fact stated that you shouldn't
even attempt to do so.
It's very simple.  This is where evolution in action comes in.  If the
emergent behavior is harmful to the individuals, they will cease to
contribute to it, or cease to exist.  Therefore the rest of the following
paragraph is moot.
Absolutely true.  However that does not in any way take away from my
original point.  Individuals acting in self interest in large groups can
benefit most of the group members, and possibly even outsiders.  You've
yet to come up with a logical counterpoint against this.
But it can, and is very obvious that humans are social - that is that they
interact with other humans for mutual benefit, and that through this
interaction most members of said society will benefit.  Where hermits
living solitarily in caves will toil, societies that work together will
benefit one another - and do so without the need to enslave their members.
Evolution isn't emergence.  They're two distinct theories. They can work
together, just as you can have apples and orages in a fruit salad.  But
they're not the same thing.  However, governments started to exist as soon
as weapons did.
Confusing yourself with others again?  Must suck to be you.
Absolutely correct.  See, you are agreeing with the theory.  Since
altrusim is self interest, everyone is free to help each other to their
own benefit.  I help you with something, you later return the favor with
something else.  Thus is born a contract.  I do X, in exchange you do Y.
Tim helps me with something, you help Tim with something, I help you with
something even out the debt, and thus the sum grows to be bigger than it's
parts, but all of the parts benefit.  I had a contract with Tim, you had a
contract with Tim, we can aggregate them.
So I say, "I'm looking out for my interests, you're free to do the same"
so does Tim, and so does Jim.  As a "society" all its members benefit.  Say Joe comes along and begs for food.  We may help him get some food, but
we'd want something in return later on, thus another contract.  It's still
"Freedom for me and freedom for you."
Say Jeff comes along and puts a gun to our heads and demands all our
food.  At this point, it's "Freedom for Jeff, none for us."
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-27 16:12:40
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: The Crypto Winter 
Ah hem!  In non-choatian-prime logic, the following code returns the
text "they are different"
printf( "%s\n",       	? "they are the same" : "they are different" );
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-28 11:36:11
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Symantec pulls an NAI 
Yeah, no shit.  Think how much trouble they'd be in if they turned around
and said this:
"Pshaw, we ain't gonna support the Feds trying to catch rag head
terrorists, drug dealers, kiddy porners, and other bad guys.  Yeah, our
virus detector will stop them Feebs from doing their job..."  uh huh....
If there is interest in getting a detector for this magic lantern shit,
it's a very easy thing to do.  You set up an account with one of the ISP's
that you know has bent over using an Arab sounding name, install a shitty
OS like Windows, and start posting PGP encrypted messages with hotmail
accounts with other Arab sounding names...
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-29 10:17:46
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: playstation? play dead. 
Um, what the fuck does this have to do with cypherpunks?  And he could
have easily been playing on a XBox or Dreamcast.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 08:57:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
So by your terms, I should have the right to enter your house at 3:00am
when you're asleep and make long loud ranting speeches using a bullhorn
shoved in your ear?
Ok, I'll be over tomorrow night, then.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 10:07:14
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: playstation? play dead.  
What the fuck does a guy getting electrocuted while playing a playstation
game in a boat have to do with game theory or cypherpunks.
Quoting Heinlein isn't going to get you out of that one.  Pointing to
spammers and saying "But they do it too" still won't get you out of that
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 13:34:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Simple.  Once the buyer has the keys she issues an email saying "I'm
changing my keys, here's the new public key" and signs it with the old key
- thus proving that the nym's original message was valid, thus
invalidating the old one.  Duh!
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 14:43:54
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Following which the buyer posts all the signed emails between self and
seller detailing the fraudulent transaction.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 17:00:33
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Further thoughts on Reputation Capital systems and 
There are plenty of systems of reputation capital already in existance out
there. (RepCap to shorten it.)  In this post, I will use several fictional
examples, though the names may or may not resemble actual Nyms, within the
context of this post, they are fictional and any such resemblance is
purely coincidental (or halucinational in your case), and "you" refers to
another Nym, not necessarily the reader, as "I" does not refer to the
author, but yet another Nym.  Ditto for actual named Nym's.
In the finance world funds always have disclaimers stating that past
performance is not a predictor of future growth, but in practice past
performance is always used or at least taken into consideration.
Reputations are built based on interactions of individuals with others who
communicate references about their experiences.
For the longest time your credit record has sufficed.  Previous to that,
your riches or your actions, (or breeding - a poor solution) or the esteem
that others have for you that the viewer is acquainted with show (or at
least hint) your reputation to those who are unfamiliar with you.
New examples include things such as slashdot's karma points for insightful
postings, and ebay's feedback profiles that allow a buyer to rate a seller
numerically once per transaction with positive, neutral, or negative, and
a comment.  The seller can also rate the buyer and warn other sellers that
this guy pays on time or was a hassle, or a dead beat.
Anyone can view a nym's repcap and see all the comments along with the
items that were sold, etc.
Sellers can prevent those with negative or low rep-caps from posting bids,
or can state that those with less than a certain amount must pay by
certified check or credit card since they aren't trusted - or that their
personal checks must first clear, etc.
I actually like this model, but it can be expanded.  Reputation capital
can however be abused.
In a Cypherpunk reputation capital environment, Mallet can set up two nyms
and use them to defraud others.  Here I will present a way around this.
Mallet creates Alice and Bob, and has them perform some transaction over
and over again, on each transaction posting postive repcap to each other.
As Adam Shostack and Wei Dai's comments have pointed out, there are
possible abuses to such a system:
For the ebay model: Alice can sell Bob a used piece of toilet paper for
$0.01, and on completion both Alice and Bob post positive repcap's for
each other.  Of course both Alice and Bob are Mallet's Nym's, so Mallet
runs this process repeatedly until both Alice and Bob have high
repcap's.  This attack can be extended by Mallet over several hundreds of
Nym's to make this less obvious, and can be randomized somewhat, etc...
If a high rep-cap Nym is sold, the old owner can reursup the Nym if the
buyer doesn't revoke the old public key and issue a new one.  The old
owner can even have a predated revocation certificate causing
confusion.  But in this case, fraud has been commited, so the buyer must
have some recourse.
Perhaps the buyer can then disclose their identity (or rather their
original nym) and the signed messages between themselves and the
fraud.  Money may be perhaps reclaimed, or not depending on how the Nym
was sold.
RepCap's should certainly not just have a single dimension stating
positive or negative, but rather a set of vectors.  Certainly repcap
metadata about a sale is different than that of an essay posting, or that
of a social interaction.  (Choate might for example have the best bbq's in
the entire country and he might have huge successful parties, but perhaps
his posts leave something to desire.)
Perhaps XyzzY is a genius when it comes to her knowledge of perl scripts,
but she's notoriously in debt, so I might not want to accept business from
her, though when I read the perl mailing lists, I would happily see her
In a posting model such as Cypherpunks I believe I have an idea for a
decent system.  I'm not suggesting we implement this as there would be too
much resistance to a fully working restrictive repcap based mailing list
here, but, rather this can serve as a theoretical example.
We swipe a bit of the Slashdot system, a bit of the ebay system, and add
digital signatures.  Let's start with a post.
Say Tim posts a very brillian post about something.  The readers of the
post can if they chose to sign a hash of that message along with their
vote for postive, neutral, or negative and a small comment (not a reply to
the message, but a comment about the character of the post.)
This message does not make its way onto the list as a message, but rather
as metadata.  That is your special mail client won't display them to you,
so you won't see a flood of metadata emails, but your client will process
them after authenticating their signatures.  RepCap archive servers will
collect and cache these for anyone to see.  Individual clients can do the
same.  (You don't want a central server or a set of central servers as
these can be destroyed, etc. and then the system fails.)
Suppose that in my client, I hold Declan and Sandy in high reputation.  That is my cache of their repcap is high and positive in relation to
others.  Now suppose that Tim posts a message and suppose they both vote
that Tim's post was brilliant - thus give it a positive vote.  Instead of
adding just "2" points to my cache of Tim's rep, since I trust Sandy and
Declan as non-nutcases, their votes are weighed against their own repcap's
in my cache.
Say Tim has a repcap of 600, say Declan has 500, and Sandy has 400.  Then
I add +1 * 500/X from Declan's repcap and +1 *400/X to Tim's repcap, so
now my cache of Tim's repcap might jump to 620.
Now this is not Tim's true reputation capital which came from individual
votes, and can be downloaded from any archive by any new user at any time,
it's rather my view of it. For example, say Jim doesn't like Tim, Jim can change the weight of Tim's
repcap, or even the actual repcap in his own cache to something low, and
then Declan and Sandy's vote won't make any difference.
Further, if I or anyone else choses to, we can ignore posts by those with
repcap under a certain threshhold.  Doing so would also stop spammers from
getting their message displayed (but not necessarily the bandwidth
Any time I chose to, I can change my own cache of someone's repcap, thus
overriding public opinion.  Perhaps this personal setting for each Nym I
see would be locked either for a specific duration (so further votes can
change it later on -- see below example of Aimee and Faustine), or
forever.  These should only override the tallied up ones from the servers,
not replace them.  Perhaps I can also share my views of a certain Nym, stating that "Vulis is
a nutcase" or "Eric Hugh's is cool" and some sets of values, if I chose
to.  These can be the same as the weights I privately use to filter out
things, or they can be a different set - should I chose to be two faced.
But what about a new user who doesn't know Tim from Jim?  Simple.  They
can talk to the archive servers and get either a count of positives and
negatives or download the last six months worth of votes and optionally
comments, or even download all that the archives have for a particular
nym, including their public key, and any signatures on that key (pgp web
of trust, etc.)
Alternatively (or additionaly) the new user might want a query of what
Declan and Sandy think of this guy and perhaps average them to build the
How does a new Nym build repcap?  Lurkers who only read will be invisible,
so they won't have a reputation.  As soon as they post others can vote one
way or another, and based on the weight of the repcap of the voter, a
quick rep cap can be built.  As each person can decide to change their own
weights for that new Nym, this can be settled quickly.
For example both Faustine and Aimee had initially interesting posts, but
over time cracks appeared, lowering their repcap, etc...  Their repcaps
would have initially jumped up and then dropped.
Of course those that choose to opt out, should be able to do so by simply
not opting in the first place, though they might find it hard to do
business with those that do...
Note that everyone should be able to read all postings, and repcap
metamessages at any time without participating.
Flaws of course are that trust is not transitive (however, a system of
personal weights can ameliorate this), and that past behavior is not a
guarantee of future behavior (Nym's can go insane, or be cured of
insanity, can relapse, can sell/buy Nyms.)
Any other flaws?
Again, this is a ficticious example of a reasonable system.  It will
likely never work here on this mailing list, though another mailing list
like system can be created, though it would require both clients and
reputation servers.  The examples of people I used are entirely ficticious
any resemblance to real humans is coincidental, parental discretion
advised.  This message will burp itself in ten seconds, though you will
have to change its diapers all by yourself.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 17:05:13
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Not the messages signed by the purchaser of the Nym, as those would not be
signed with the Nym's signature.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-11-30 17:07:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Speech May Not Be Free, but It's Refundable 
But by preventing me from trespassing you're restricting my freedom of
speech!  According to you, that's illegal.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-10-14 16:11:16
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: stupid anthrax q: would microwaving your snail mail help? 
This is a stupid question but as I'm not a biologist, I'll ask it anyway and risk
looking foolish...
Would it help to microwave your mail if you don't know where it came from and you're sure it doesn't contain an objects?  i.e. it's
not a CD you've ordered from Amazon. :)
Do anthrax spores get cooked enough by microwaves to be killed, or are they too dry in spore form to be nuked?
Of course, if we start mass nuking our mail, the terrorists might mail us something that would explode when nuked... still, for now
it's a question to ask.

@_date: 2001-10-20 23:04:13
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Calendar from Egypt: Image of WTC attack for month of 
Why bother.  Just go to  and you will see the type of
stories they have is one or two steps away from also having "Elvis
Lives" and "I fucked a girl from Jupiter" stories.   It's so yellow, it
makes the National Enquirer look bright white.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-10-21 09:14:11
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
Why Plan-9?  I'd say go with OpenBSD. :)  Built in crypto, built in
firewall, secure on installation without you needing to tweak stuff.  Hell
you can even tell it to encrypt swap pages.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-10-25 11:25:26
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
This could be bad.  Say B doesn't want to allow access to C for its file
systems. Then what?  Any mechanisms to prevent A from resharing it?  It's
also bad depending on how it's implemented.
Say A has a low bandwith connection to B such as ISDN, but it has a high
bandwith connection to C.  If C uses A to get to B, that slows you
down.  Does it treat the file systems differently or is it just resharing
a mounted file system?
Yeah, so now you're eating double the bandwith of hangar 18.  Say hangar
18 is connected over a T1 and nothing else.  You mount it's file systems
over nfs or whatever Plan 9 uses and do cd /ftp2.sourceforge.net, then you
copy a file from there.  Well now, you've just effectively doubled the traffic to hangar18.  If the
owner is paying a flat rate, it's not so bad, you're just wastng bandwith.  But if it's at a colocation it will be enough to go over the percentile
rating and have to pay for extra usage.
Even if the two boxes are on the same local network (broadcast domain),
you'd still saturate your hubs/switches by doubling this traffic, and even
slow down access (latency) as you're using plan-9 to translate from ftp to
it's native scheme to nfs.  Further, you're eating lots of extra cpu
cycles on the plan 9 box(es) while they do this. What if hangar18 has a few ftp sites mounted and you run the equivalent of
the find command (which recursively searches for files.)  It goes over the
ftp connections and walks every single connection of the internet?  That's
kind of insane.  It'll take forever and eat up bandwidth at both ends.
And as you say below, it would even cache some of it... ugh...  hope there
are limits to this.
Yeah, it's "cool" but wasteful.
Just DES? And no disk encryption????  What about swap?
Any ip filtering / firewalling mechanisms?  Any routing mechanisms?  Any
NATting mechanisms?
The clustering / distributing computing aspects of it are
cool.  But... I'm still not convinced...
So it's like kerberos in some ways?
Xwindows by itself without a window/desktop manager? yes that would suck
balls.  XWindows with Ximian GNOME or KDE, nope - it rocks, though not on
old hardware.
Whoop. :)  You can control most internet appliances through a web gui or
telnet/ssh command line anyway.

@_date: 2001-09-13 12:02:43
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
There is certainly no limit to the stupidity of those who would try to
twist our views to those of trolls, schills, and fools.  Any two bit moron
can tell us what we should think.  I believe it is our responsability to
point this out publically, and let others take notice that we are subtly
manipulated by those with an agenda.
If you are indeed the same anonymous troll (note: not that I believe
anonymous remailers are bad!) who yesterday posted that cryptography was
bad, that cypherpunks are responsible in any way shape or form with this
terrorist act, that the DMCA and the like are good, my answer to you is
still: Go fuck yourself.
The terrorists have several agendas certainly.  One of which is causing
fear uncertainty and doubt.  Sadly, there are reports that this is
somewhat sucessful.  I personally, do not and will not feel fear,
uncertainty or doubt.  I will not allow this event to cloud or otherwise
alter the way in which I live.  The only change in me, and again, I do not
claim to speak for others, is that I feel rage towards them.
I do not believe that any heightened security measures at airports or
anywhere else will prevent this sort of thing from happening
again.  Previously, they had used guns, now they used knives, to
hijack airplanes.  Previously they have used car bombs.  I do not believe
they will continue to do the same because of the clampdowns.
But it is silly to think that anything short of hunting these bastards
down would stop them.  Curtailing any of our freedoms is inherently a bad
side effect, and mark my words, will not prevent further attacks.
One good thing that comes out of this is the deployment of sky marshals as
they are being called.  Finally someone somewhere has sense enough to
realize that "Gun" is not a four letter word and is necessary.
But what happens when they manage to switch places with a sky marshal and
thus have a vector of infiltration?  Shouldn't the pilots, crew and yes,
even passengers have guns?  Again, I operate with the full and confident
knowlege that 90+% of the population is good and law abiding.  That
allowing the public to be its own defender is by far more effective than
disarming them.
The one proven effective way to deal with them was displayed by the heros
who rushed the cabin and forced the fourth plane down in Pittsburgh.  We
as a society have become too complacent, too much the sheeple.  We must
re-learn what the founders of this country knew.  That liberty must be
defended and fought for.  With our lives.  We must not restrict our
freedoms, we must rather fight back with everything we've got.
The terroristas' agenda may be one of revenge, FUD, economic collapse, and
wishes to cause the public to force the government to change our policies
towards Israel and interfearing in their countries.
They do not wish us to tighten security, for that would work against them,
but in a very real sense, if we do, we allow their acts to curtail our
freedoms, and that is the only thing that separates our country's form of
government from the Taliban run Afghanistan.  Yes, we have more land, more resources, a better economy than they do.  But our freedoms are key to this success as Soviet run Russia has shown.  Freedom is what has made us prosperous, and if we curtail it, we march
towards the evil that is totalitarianism regardless of which face it wears
(monarchist, religeous, fascist, socialist, or communist.)
Sure, it was a stupid idea for the USA to help create the state of Israel
by taking land from Arabs that already hate Israelites and by placing it
square in the center of said Arabs, of placing the lamb so it is
surrounded by wolves.  Sure it was stupid of the USA to train and arm
these bastards* when they were called "Freedom fighters."
But the stupidest thing we have done is to allow them to live and grow.  Never let an enemy stand is the golden rule, and perhaps now we have
learned it.  When someone declares war on the USA, even if they're just a
bunch of guys that live in tents and fuck camels for fun, they have shown
that they are willing to cause us harm, and therefore must be exterminated
- just as we would the government of a country that has declared war on
us.  Not by attacking their civilians, but by chopping down the heads of
these groups.
And further, I hope that the $24B dollars that the Fed's have given us in
NYC will be used to rebuild a new World Trade Center with three such
towers.  They must see that if they knock down two towers, we will build
three or four or even five bigger ones.  Such a rebuilding effort would
help our economy by itself. They must learn that they will not be able to
weaken us, but rather strengthen us.
These events were very low tech, very well planned, very inexpensive.  It
would not take a great deal of resources, it would not take anonymous
remailers, cryptography, steganography, missles, tanks, bombs, or anything
of the like to pull off.  It proved that it didn't even take guns.  It proved that the sheeple among us who have been crying out against guns,
who have kicked our children out of schools for drawing pictures of their
grandfathers in uniform fighting in WWI, Korea, Vietnam or WWII, who have
berated and vilified cryptography, privacy, and liberty were mindless
stupid sheep **.
It proves that had we been allowed to carry guns openely and honestly,
even in airplanes, that the bastard* terroristas would not have been able
to pull this off.  It proves that attacks on our freedoms are inherently
wrong, and that they make us vulnerable against those who wish to harm us.
One story I wish to add to my rant, when I was in elementry school,
another kid had stabbed me in the arm with a sharpened pencil.  No harm
was done, but if it had been a knife the other kid would have been in deep
shit.  Even if we were to ban knives on air planes, what's to stop other
terrorists from simply weilding sharpened pencils?  A man with a gun,
that's what!  And what would stop a man with a gun from attacking mere
unarmed citizens?  Armed citizens, that's what!
And what's to stop hacker terrorists from breaking into our banks?  Strong
well designed cryptographic protocols, that's what!
Making laws against these technologies will do what?  Weaken us and make
us defenseless against these terror mongers, that's what!
* It is hillarious to note that someone has actually bothered to email me
on my use of the word "Bastard" claiming that she is a good person though
her parents were out of wedlock at the time of her birth.  I'm glad that
the political correct police has the intestinal fortitude and brightness
to place their priorities in order when something of this nature takes
effect.  I'm sure it will be of great comfort to the thousands that have
died in these events that she has done her honorable act and attempted to
set me straight on my use of language.
Hopefully she has also done constructive things such as donating blood and
** I'm sure some other politically correct asshole will email me about how
much he is in love with his flock of sheep after diddling them and how it
would be wrong of me to blame sheep for those of us who act as cowardly

@_date: 2001-09-13 12:02:43
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Cypherpunks and terrorism 
There is certainly no limit to the stupidity of those who would try to
twist our views to those of trolls, schills, and fools.  Any two bit moron
can tell us what we should think.  I believe it is our responsability to
point this out publically, and let others take notice that we are subtly
manipulated by those with an agenda.
If you are indeed the same anonymous troll (note: not that I believe
anonymous remailers are bad!) who yesterday posted that cryptography was
bad, that cypherpunks are responsible in any way shape or form with this
terrorist act, that the DMCA and the like are good, my answer to you is
still: Go fuck yourself.
The terrorists have several agendas certainly.  One of which is causing
fear uncertainty and doubt.  Sadly, there are reports that this is
somewhat sucessful.  I personally, do not and will not feel fear,
uncertainty or doubt.  I will not allow this event to cloud or otherwise
alter the way in which I live.  The only change in me, and again, I do not
claim to speak for others, is that I feel rage towards them.
I do not believe that any heightened security measures at airports or
anywhere else will prevent this sort of thing from happening
again.  Previously, they had used guns, now they used knives, to
hijack airplanes.  Previously they have used car bombs.  I do not believe
they will continue to do the same because of the clampdowns.
But it is silly to think that anything short of hunting these bastards
down would stop them.  Curtailing any of our freedoms is inherently a bad
side effect, and mark my words, will not prevent further attacks.
One good thing that comes out of this is the deployment of sky marshals as
they are being called.  Finally someone somewhere has sense enough to
realize that "Gun" is not a four letter word and is necessary.
But what happens when they manage to switch places with a sky marshal and
thus have a vector of infiltration?  Shouldn't the pilots, crew and yes,
even passengers have guns?  Again, I operate with the full and confident
knowlege that 90+% of the population is good and law abiding.  That
allowing the public to be its own defender is by far more effective than
disarming them.
The one proven effective way to deal with them was displayed by the heros
who rushed the cabin and forced the fourth plane down in Pittsburgh.  We
as a society have become too complacent, too much the sheeple.  We must
re-learn what the founders of this country knew.  That liberty must be
defended and fought for.  With our lives.  We must not restrict our
freedoms, we must rather fight back with everything we've got.
The terroristas' agenda may be one of revenge, FUD, economic collapse, and
wishes to cause the public to force the government to change our policies
towards Israel and interfearing in their countries.
They do not wish us to tighten security, for that would work against them,
but in a very real sense, if we do, we allow their acts to curtail our
freedoms, and that is the only thing that separates our country's form of
government from the Taliban run Afghanistan.  Yes, we have more land, more resources, a better economy than they do.  But our freedoms are key to this success as Soviet run Russia has shown.  Freedom is what has made us prosperous, and if we curtail it, we march
towards the evil that is totalitarianism regardless of which face it wears
(monarchist, religeous, fascist, socialist, or communist.)
Sure, it was a stupid idea for the USA to help create the state of Israel
by taking land from Arabs that already hate Israelites and by placing it
square in the center of said Arabs, of placing the lamb so it is
surrounded by wolves.  Sure it was stupid of the USA to train and arm
these bastards* when they were called "Freedom fighters."
But the stupidest thing we have done is to allow them to live and grow.  Never let an enemy stand is the golden rule, and perhaps now we have
learned it.  When someone declares war on the USA, even if they're just a
bunch of guys that live in tents and fuck camels for fun, they have shown
that they are willing to cause us harm, and therefore must be exterminated
- just as we would the government of a country that has declared war on
us.  Not by attacking their civilians, but by chopping down the heads of
these groups.
And further, I hope that the $24B dollars that the Fed's have given us in
NYC will be used to rebuild a new World Trade Center with three such
towers.  They must see that if they knock down two towers, we will build
three or four or even five bigger ones.  Such a rebuilding effort would
help our economy by itself. They must learn that they will not be able to
weaken us, but rather strengthen us.
These events were very low tech, very well planned, very inexpensive.  It
would not take a great deal of resources, it would not take anonymous
remailers, cryptography, steganography, missles, tanks, bombs, or anything
of the like to pull off.  It proved that it didn't even take guns.  It proved that the sheeple among us who have been crying out against guns,
who have kicked our children out of schools for drawing pictures of their
grandfathers in uniform fighting in WWI, Korea, Vietnam or WWII, who have
berated and vilified cryptography, privacy, and liberty were mindless
stupid sheep **.
It proves that had we been allowed to carry guns openely and honestly,
even in airplanes, that the bastard* terroristas would not have been able
to pull this off.  It proves that attacks on our freedoms are inherently
wrong, and that they make us vulnerable against those who wish to harm us.
One story I wish to add to my rant, when I was in elementry school,
another kid had stabbed me in the arm with a sharpened pencil.  No harm
was done, but if it had been a knife the other kid would have been in deep
shit.  Even if we were to ban knives on air planes, what's to stop other
terrorists from simply weilding sharpened pencils?  A man with a gun,
that's what!  And what would stop a man with a gun from attacking mere
unarmed citizens?  Armed citizens, that's what!
And what's to stop hacker terrorists from breaking into our banks?  Strong
well designed cryptographic protocols, that's what!
Making laws against these technologies will do what?  Weaken us and make
us defenseless against these terror mongers, that's what!
* It is hillarious to note that someone has actually bothered to email me
on my use of the word "Bastard" claiming that she is a good person though
her parents were out of wedlock at the time of her birth.  I'm glad that
the political correct police has the intestinal fortitude and brightness
to place their priorities in order when something of this nature takes
effect.  I'm sure it will be of great comfort to the thousands that have
died in these events that she has done her honorable act and attempted to
set me straight on my use of language.
Hopefully she has also done constructive things such as donating blood and
** I'm sure some other politically correct asshole will email me about how
much he is in love with his flock of sheep after diddling them and how it
would be wrong of me to blame sheep for those of us who act as cowardly

@_date: 2001-09-20 18:42:56
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Feds are talking out both sides of their asses  
As usual. See:
Feds complain Bin Laden not using hi-tech equipment
By Kieren McCarthy
Posted: 20/09/2001 at 16:57 GMT
Osama Bin Laden is evading detection by not using modern telecoms
equipment, the US intelligence services have told the press. "He switched
off a lot of communications technologies," a US intelligence spokesman
said. "Now it is other people talking for him. In an innocuous
conversation, you can't pick that out." Osama is so cunning, we are told, that he is now using human messengers
and family members to deliver instructions. "This isn't low-tech," a
former NSA consultant has been quoted as saying. "You'd have to really
call it no-tech."
... snip ...
Only last week, we were being told that increased surveillance - taps on
all ISPs and a backdoor in encryption systems - was the only way to stop
people like this. Now, seven days later, when hundreds of special forces
personnel are crawling around Afghanistan looking for the man, we're told
that all this technology and the billions spent on it are obsolete because
he's turned his phone off. That we are blind as a mole.
... snip ...
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-09-20 18:42:56
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Feds are talking out both sides of their asses  
As usual. See:
Feds complain Bin Laden not using hi-tech equipment
By Kieren McCarthy
Posted: 20/09/2001 at 16:57 GMT
Osama Bin Laden is evading detection by not using modern telecoms
equipment, the US intelligence services have told the press. "He switched
off a lot of communications technologies," a US intelligence spokesman
said. "Now it is other people talking for him. In an innocuous
conversation, you can't pick that out." Osama is so cunning, we are told, that he is now using human messengers
and family members to deliver instructions. "This isn't low-tech," a
former NSA consultant has been quoted as saying. "You'd have to really
call it no-tech."
... snip ...
Only last week, we were being told that increased surveillance - taps on
all ISPs and a backdoor in encryption systems - was the only way to stop
people like this. Now, seven days later, when hundreds of special forces
personnel are crawling around Afghanistan looking for the man, we're told
that all this technology and the billions spent on it are obsolete because
he's turned his phone off. That we are blind as a mole.
... snip ...
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2001-09-28 17:51:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Reason's C. Young: Encryption is "scary," put up with  
Declan, if you meet this bitch at some journalist's party or whatever, tell her "Even in the bill of rights, the rights of the people to be
secure in their homes and papers against illegal searches is preceded by
the right of free speech" (if you stretch illegible speech=encryption)
There are plenty of true libertarians, even more during terrorist attacks.
FYI: Our building is now taking to airport style x-ray machines to check
bags with.  ugh!
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-08-06 18:05:16
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium 
What kind of crack are you smoking?  This is cypherpunks.  Anonymous
posters are the norm here.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bill/year|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-08-07 10:07:44
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium - will the real anon shady please 
g>
"Waaa, he was vicious!  He used a remailer!" Oh my! Well that's just proof
that he's working for Microsoft!  (With a nudge, nudge, wink, wink, say no
more to Monty Python.)
You've called him on it several times.  Get over it.  I couldn't give a
fuck whether or not "it" (unless it has expressed a gender clue to the
contrary, I'll randomy assign "he" to it) is Bill Gate's personal buttboy.  If his arguement is BS it will stand on its own as BS.
Shame on you.  Bad dog!  All you're doing is weaking your own arguements.
IMNHO TCPA sucks balls.  But "anonymous" has the right to speak
anonymously as does anyone, and most of us here will defend that right,
regardless of accepting or rejecting TCPA/Palladium/MSFT.
You remember that old saw about "I may not agree with you, but I will
defend your right to say it to the death" -- just add anonymously in
there.  It's up to that "anon" or collection of anons to chose to disclose
it's/their affiliation/admiration for MSFT or not.  Besides, from what I've seen, those anon messages weren't signed.  So I
can claim "I am that anonymous" and so can Vulis, Choate, Lucky, Tim,
Declan, RAH, yourself, your mom, the horse she rode on, the FedZ, the NSA
spook Satelite dancers (like the Rockettes, but they wear stego-panty
stockings and have barcodes on their foreheads sent by Lotus Notes so the
DIRNSA has a copy), and the Man Show Juggies.  So what?
Would the real "anon shady please stand up?"  ROTFL!
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bill/year|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-08-07 12:08:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: dangers of TCPA/palladium - will the real anon shady please 
g>
I'm just deliberately trying to avoid donning a tin foil hat.  YPMV (Your
Paranoia May Vary.)  Somehow I think a lack of tin surrounding my head
makes it less dense though.
No, I'm do not have any investments or any relations with Microsoft -
other than I think all their software sucks.  Nor am I defending Anon's
arguements, nor TCPA, nor Palladium.  I'm only taking exception at your
silly and impossible to prove request that Anonymous decloak.
Not to detract from my own arguement, but to entertain you a bit further,
style can be forged.  There are even "Best of Bad Hemmingway" contests and
books for example.  Style means nothing.  It's as easy to copy as posting
mp3's on a p2p network.
Collusions happen, conspiracies happen.  Hey, I've got a suspicious
feeling that George Bush is Maxwell Smart, since they look alike.  Or
alternatively the chimp in Bedtime for Bonzo... But you don't see me
emailing george at whitehouse.gov and asking if their Cone of Silence is out
of order, or if he would like some bannanas.
And might I presume to ask, who are you referring to when you say "deep
paranoia cryptoanarchy freaks?"
After all, if that anon (or groups of anons) that you have a gripe with
happen to work for MSFT, I would hardly label it/them as cryptoanarchy
freaks.  More like greedy evil pro-microsoft buttmonkies.  If you're
referring to others such as me and yourself, who despise Palladium, TCPA,
and Microsoft, calling us paranoid cryptoanarchic freaks isn't going to
get you any free rounds of beers at the next meet... except maybe poured
on your head...
Look, if you want to keep it a useful and interesting conversation, by all
means refrain from conjecture and ad homeneims.  If you want to don the
tin foil hat, be my guest... procmail filters are standing by... act now,
don't delay, into the spam folder you shall go.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bill/year|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-08-07 13:15:39
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: anonymous text analysis - will the real anon shady please  
g>
Then, please, ferret out Mr. Anonymous and decloak him yourself.  It
would make for an interesting project in the least.  After you've
succeded, then you can dig up his connection to MSFT.  Cypherpunks write
code, yes?
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bill/year|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-08-08 10:14:24
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Challenge to TCPA/Palladium detractors 
You can only do this if you can trust the hardware.  As long as any
potential untrustworthy folks have access to that hardware, it cannot be
It is possible to do the rest of this if you manage to secure the machines
from any other kinds of access by disabling all services other than that
particular p2p (to prevent remote access overflows from insecure
applications).   If you see the network problem as a multi-ended VPN,
that's the next part.
But I do not see any way for any member of the network to certify that any
other node is running exactly the same software, unless all nodes restrict
access to the hardware and have an external certification process.  If
anyone anywhere can grab the software - binary or source and join the
network while still having hardware access, all bets are off.  The only thing the other nodes can certify is that the crypto signatures
are right, and that the protocol is the same.  But even if you sign the
binaries, you don't know that the thing at the other end has the signature
it just sent you.
You can try to make things complex such as pushing binaries to the other
node and having them run there, but you don't know if you're inside a
VMware box, or Bochs emulator, or a real machine.
Even if you can certify that the application does what you think it does,
you can't ceritfy that the operating system or the hardware isn't going to
do anything else.
End of story.  Can't be done so long as anyone other than you has root on
the machine, or has physical access.  Hence you need to buttplug the
hardware and make it difficult to modify.  Even so, you don't have any
idea of if that CPU really is what it says it is, or that the hardware
will do what you think it will do.  Hardware can be replaced or patched
with things that can look like the original, or things that at some
opportune moment interrupt and switch out that hardware, then get full
access to all the ram.
No, I couldn't afford such hardware mods.  But say someone that has enough
money to own a DVD pressing factory certainly can afford the R&D.  In the
end TCPA/Palladium will be broken.  Just the USG kept pushing single DES
until even a bit after the DES cracker got built.
I've no problem with that, nor the fact the RIAA/MPAA want to protect
their warez - if they get that oppresive, I won't be buying it, and I'm
positive that others won't either...  In the end, they'll just be burning
a lot of money and find out that they'll go broke.  Ironic? Yup.  As long
as it's a free market, they'll fry for pissing off their consumers.
I do have a problem with having spyware forced down my machines by John
Law.  Intel wants to put Pd compliant chips in their mobo's, fine, I won't
buy their hardware -- or if I do, I'll be sure to reflash the BIOS to a
slightly different enough version without signatures to force the Pd chip
to shut down... If it won't let me, their loss.  There's still AMD.  AMD
joins intel?  Fuck x86, there's still Sun, and Apple.  The only way that Pd will be successful is if every hardware manufacturer
is forced by law to include it.  And I've no problem with MSFT making
their software oppresive, they're just digging their own graves, I'll
applaud as they sink in to the bog.  Fuck'em.  They're extinct.
Long as the motherboard will let me boot whatever OS I want, long as
Kongress keeps their paws out of my machine and doesn't extract a tax to
pay the losers for their "losses", MSFT, Intel, MPAA, RIAA can do whatever
they want.
And no, I don't believe that making an open source, hardware free version
of what they're trying to do will prevent Jackoff Vallenti from pushing
dollars to kongress to close the PeeCee hole while sucking Bill Gates's
balls simultaneously.
In the end, the only guarantee you have is that the thing at the end is
talking the same language as you and that anyone else can't snoop the
traffic and see what's there - so long as your crypto-fu is good, and the
security on both machines is decent enough to prevent them from being
owned.  So why bother?
Just because the evil empire is running at full speed towards the
precipice doesn't mean we need open source versions of the same insanity
that drives'em.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bill/year|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-08-12 13:46:04
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
Ok Mr. Smarty Pants Aarg! Anonymous remailer user, you come up with such a
method.  Cypherpunsk write code, yes?  So write some code.
Meanwhile, this is why it can't be done:
If you have a client that sends a signature of it's binary back to it's
mommy, you can also have a rogue client that sends the same signature back
to it's mommy, but is a different binary.
So how does mommy know which is the real client, and which is the rogue
After all, the rogue could simply keep a copy of the real client's binary,
and send the checksum/hash for the real copy, but not run it.
If you embedd one half of a public key in the real client, what's to stop
the attacker from reverse engineering the real client and extracting the
key, then sign/encrypt things with that half of the key?  Or to patch the
client using a debugger so it does other things also?  Or runs inside an
emulator where every operation it does is logged - so that a new rogue can
be built that does the same?  Or runs under an OS whose kernel is patched
to allow another process to access your client's memory and
routines? Or has modded dynamic libraries which your client depends on to do the same, etc.
Show us the code instead of asking us to write it for you.  I say, you
can't do it.  Prove me wrong.  As long as you do not have full exclusive
control of the client hardware, you can't do what you ask with any degree
of confidence beyond what security through obscurity buys you.  In the
end, if someone cares enough, they will break it.
All this pointless bickering has already been discussed:  A long while
ago, Dennis Ritchie of K&R discussed how he introduced a backdoor into
login.c, then modified the C compiler to recognize when login.c was
compiled, and had it inject the back door, then removed the changes to
How do you propose to have a client run in a hostile environment and
securely authenticate itself without allowing rogues to take over it's
function or mimic it?
Either propose a way to do what you're asking us to do - which IMHO is
impossible without also having some sort of cop out such as having trusted
hardware, or go away and shut the fuck up.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bill/year|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-08-14 09:10:36
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Spam blocklists? 
None of those things work.  Most spammers don't give a shit if you don't
receive email.  I can attest to this by the slew of spam going to
hostmaster, webmaster, and the like on many networks.  What they're really
selling is "ten million addresses" and spam software.  Even if 9 million
of those are bullshit, they couldn't care less.  The more things with "
signs in'em the more money they make off clueless businesses.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bill/year|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-08-28 10:47:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: RIAA: Feeling Burn of Ripped CDs 
"Shipments of CDs dropped 7 percent in the first six months of this year,
a fact attributed to an increase in music downloads through file-trading
services, according to a report issued Monday by the Recording Industry
Association of America (RIAA). "
Hmmm, that's interesting, gee, we were having a really great economy the
first six months of this year.  What, with the aftermath of the terrorist
attacks, and the bursting of the dot com bubble, the fall of so many
telecoms, and all the thousands upon thousands of layoffs..
I really can't see why people wouldn't be buying CD's in droves with all
their disposable income...  Gee, it must be the mp3 pirates, yeah, that's
the ticket... yeah, it's that napster thing that did it... yeah, that's
why the buttstreet boys and the other cocksucking boy and girl bands have
had little cd sales, it's not because their music is overpromoted shit
that's far less useful than the billions of giveaway AOL coaster cd's, who
get less than a penny per sold album anyway and have such great incentive
to put-out (tee hee) more of the same...
No! It's because they're so popular that every gnutella poppin' teenage
fiend who gets thousands of dollars a day in allowance decided to priate
their precious unique, creative, and wonderful songs which never sound
anything like, and deprive the poor RIAA executives!
Oh, poor RIAA, their executives won't be able to support their cocaine
habbits anymore, waaa, they'll have to go back to smoking ganja again,
Oh, poor, poor bastards, no more personal jets and hookers^H^H^H^H^H^H^H
personal massage therapists.  Oh, the poor starving RIAA executives!
My heart just bleeds for their plight!  We must act now to stop the
pirates.  I know, I know, I'll call my congressman right now, and get all
my friends to do the same!  We must end this carnage right now!
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-01-03 15:22:03
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
Um, what's all this crap about?
You want to publish a newspaper, do so.  There's no special requirement
for anyone to publish papers.  All you have to do is simply print and
distribute.  You might need to comply with some post office regs about
printing ownership info.
Hell you can even type up "Letters to the editor" and post them
anonymously to cypherpunks at whichever_server_you_like. :)
Call it the Cypherpunks Weekly Journal if you'd like. :)
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-01-03 15:31:50
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: How do you sleep?,  
* (Cough) Bullshit (cough) *
 - type in punk, you get this:
Main Entry:	1punk Pronunciation:	'p&[ng]k
Function:	noun
Etymology:	origin unknown
1 archaic : PROSTITUTE
2 [probably partly from 3punk] : NONSENSE, FOOLISHNESS
3 a : a young inexperienced person : BEGINNER, NOVICE; especially : a
young man b : a usually petty gangster, hoodlum, or ruffian c : a youth
used as a homosexual partner
4 a : PUNK ROCK b : a punk rock musician c : one who affects punk styles
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-01-03 15:46:48
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Saudi Violence in the US 
Wait a fuck "ran crying" is in the same paragraph as "unable to walk?"
So either she was able to run, or she was unable to walk.  Which is it?

@_date: 2002-01-03 16:34:38
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: What is a 'right'? 
That don't work white boy.
According to you, while in "a state of nature" anyone has the right to
grab the nearest rock and smash it over your head repeatedly (in
That doesn't make it ethical or "right".  Right != ability.  That you possess the ability to grab a loaded machine gun and shoot the
nearest cop does not mean that you legally may do so -- you don't have the
right to do so, though you have the physical ability to do so.
Unless you are redefining what nature means. While you're at it, you
might want to redefine the meaning of "is."  Better put some ice on that.
Clues: (not that you'll listen, but at least it's amusing...)
1. Quit trying to define things.  Your name ain't Merriam Webster, and
your private redefinitions of words do not affect the common definitions
that everyone else uses.
2. Quit attempting to play a lawyer.  You aren't a member of that club,
and you don't play one on TV.
3. Your posts are and have been illogical.  Try to think before you post.
4. Your posts usually address what you wish reality were like instead of
what reality is.  This makes your arguements useless.  The sky isn't
bright orage, the air is not composed of 80% oxygen, the earth isn't
flat.  You may wish any of these to be so, but it just ain't so.  Argue
all you like, but the atmosphere does not contain 80% oxygen.
5. Get off this fictional CACL rantmachine.  There is no on here that
considers themselves to be a member of anything called "CACL."  Last time
you tried the "self appointed CACL leader" BS, I posted a simple request
asking anyone who considers themselves to be a "CACL" to reply.  No one
did.  You're barking up the wrong tree.  You may as well be bitching about
politics on Mars.  No one gives a flying fuck about your imaginary
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-01-09 11:57:39
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Hackers Targeting Home Computers (fwd) 
This is sooooo 1999...  I've seen port scans as soon as cable modems and
dsl lines started to be installed.  Of course soon as some dork didn't
have a firewall, you really had a "network neighborhood" to play with.
What pissed me off is that when I was using Concentric's DSL (XO
now) Windows boxes somehow did broadcasts that strangely enough made it
past the routers (not sure if they're multicasts or what) and advertised
themselves... At first I though these were the usual nmap/strobe attacks, but they
were just on port 139... so that got me curious enough to try and connect
to these boxes.  To my surprise they were full blown windows 9x and 2000
machines in homes where the owner had another machine and shared his/her
local drives with the world!  Anyone from anywhere on the planet could
mount their drives.  So I was nice enough to leave a note on their desktop
informing them of the consequences of their actions.
I doubt that I was the only one who noticed such open hosts, and I'd guess
a lot of these were "owned" pretty quickly...
Oy! Of course these days I refrain from even such cursive curiosities due
to the misinterpretation of these acts by our overzealous friends.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-01-11 16:10:09
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Dreamworks/Pixar/CIA does bin Laden right this time   
Um, what court of law?  Afghanistan isn't the 51's state of the union.  Al qaeda didn't sign any treaties with any organization, it's not part of
Nato or the UN... Why even bother with a "court?"  If bin Ladin is caught, he should be shot on sight, or at least
"interrogated" none of this bullshit kangaroo court crap.
I'm begining to think that bin Ladin is becoming the modern version of
Emmanuel Goldstein, afghanistan is "oceania", and iraq is "eursaia"... and
CNN provides the mandatory two minutes of hate...   + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-07-01 15:21:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Piracy is wrong 
Speaking of Scum, (not to pull a choate, but)
MS security patch EULA gives Billg admin privileges on your box
By Thomas C Greene in Washington
Posted: 06/30/2002 at 01:05 EST
You agree that in order to protect the integrity of content and software
protected by digital rights management ('Secure Content'), Microsoft may
provide security related updates to the OS Components that will be
automatically downloaded onto your computer. These security related
updates may disable your ability to copy and/or play Secure Content and
use other software on your computer. So there you have it.

@_date: 2002-07-09 15:17:52
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
The decompression function could be integrated into the videocard
relieving that CPU burden.   Playback is not problematic.
In fact, I recall seeing MPEG decoder cards back in the early days
of DVD ROM's.
Regardless of this ungreatful Choatism whereby we get off the topic of
just how useless or useful old computers are, while we can certainly use
the old fuckers, the question of upgrading has always been: Does it do
what you want?  If the answer is no, then you upgrade.
Sure, you can revive old hardware with Linux, but you'll find it runs KDE
3.0 or GNOME slower than windows 95 did on the same hardware.  So unless
you're willing to also go to older software (or at least less demanding
software) you've still got a useless machine.
OTOH, if it does work well enough, and you don't care for swapping memos
in Micro$loth Word V283.23 with cow-orkers or don't care about watching
the latest 3d movie on XVD disks, then by all means, if you don't mind the
huge power consumption, use that old iron.
Personally, I do have 8 and 9 year old hardware and find it glacially
slow.  While surfing the web with an old Sun Voyager running a whopping
40MHz SPARC V7 is a bit slow, it's fast enough to get the morning news and
weather report as I drink my coffee.  Sure, that old IBM Thinkpad 365x
with a flying fast Pentium 100 (no that's not P3 or P4, or even P2, plain
ol'e Pentium 1) and 48mb of ram running windblows 95 sucks for most
things, it makes a fine MP3 player for my living room, once nice speakers
are attached, and so on and so forth.
As for the Lisa, I haven't powered up that beastie in years.  But, yes, I
could run LisaWrite and print just fine on dot matrix paper off the lovely
ImageWriter II printer.  Uh huh... I'm sure that such a printout would
make a fine resume.  Care to wager on whether such a printed resume would
even render an interview?
No boys and girls, it's the boiling the frog scenario.  If you try to boil
a live frog in an pot at high heat, the frog will jump out.  If you cover
the pot, well the pot will boil over.  So instead, you don't turn the heat
on high.  Rather you keep the heat low, very low, and as the temperature
rises notch by notch, the frog doesn't notice.  By the time the water is
hot, the frog is already dead.  Guess who the frog is?
Same here.  Example:
Want to view DVD's, you gotta buy a DVD player or DVDROM for your PC.  But wait, now you can't watch DVD's you've legally purchased in England
because by contract all DVD players are region specific!  Worse yet, if
you happen to have an old TV that doesn't support RCA in and your DVD
player doesn't have a COAX connection... you can't connect your DVD player
through your VCR, because, guess what, DVD players are bound by contract
to scramble their output with Macrovision and your VCR of course honors
this, so you can't watch DVD's you've purchased in the USA if you have an
old TV!
Never mind that pirates don't even need DeCSS to clone DVD's.  Never mind
that there are plenty of MacroVision remover boxes out there sold as
picture enhancers.  Never mind that none of these things prevent pirates
from copying DVD's.  Never mind that there are "illegal" region free DVD
players out there without Macrovision protection, etc...  No, the whole
point is a legal one brought to you by our friends at the DMCA.  Where a
movie isn't a movie, but a "video device..." right...  So long to your
"Fair Use" right to make a backup copy.  Tough titties if your 3 year old
thought the DVD would be cleaner if washed with sand paper.  You're out
the $30 you've paid for "The Matrix III - Trinity Does Dallas"
So extrapolate, and you'll know what to expect when Palladium and it's ilk
show up.  Want to watch the next version of what will be DVD? You get a big brother
inside chip.  So it goes.  Want to run Micro$haft Orifice 3003 1/2?  Gotta have the TCPMA chip in your Pee Cee.. wait, scratch that, you won't
have admin rights on that PC, so it's really "our PC."  And that copy you
bought, nope, not yours either, you were only sold a "license" to use it.  Part of that license says they can install whatever they want on
your^H^H^H^H^H our PC?  Including back doors?  Including spyware?  Including marketing gathering information?  Yup.  You grabs your ankles
and you spreads your cheeks.
Or, you just vote with your wallet.  Do you really need Orifice 3003 1/2?
Does your current Pee Cee work just fine?  Great, keep using it.  Need to
print a 3d resume in color on holographic paper?  Cough up $80 at Harbucks
and pay for a crappachino grande and 30 minutes of MicroSoft time and type
up your new resume.  Or go the Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD route and raise that middle
finger up proudly.  Will you be able to do just as much?  Probably.  But,
oh wait, we forgot, Uncle Sam has padded his wallet from the likes of the
MPAA, RIAA and that new rule about how no Pee Cee without a big brother
chip inside cannot be sold...  Too bad, that.  I guess Jack Vallenti
wanted to close "The Open Source loophole."  Nevermind that there are
perfectly legal uses for linux enabled machines, but "we must close the
open source hole - or they'll compile their own software!"
But wait, what was I thinking, you can't even pay $80, because by now if
you don't have a Microsoft Passport, you don't have a Micro$haft Visa
Social Security Implant(tm).  You don't exist!
Yes, you're right; probably it will never get that far.
Then again, we also thought that only congress could declare war, that
people captured on a battle field carring weapons and shooting at our
soldiers were POW's.  We also thought that in the USA any person arrested
and suspected of a crime was entitled to a lawyer, and a trial, but
defining a new class of criminal called "terrorist" who have no right to
even talk to a lawyer of family and don't have to be charged with a crime,
and go before a military sham tribunal.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-07-10 10:30:13
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: OT: old hardware - was Re: "to outlaw general purpose 
You missed the entire forrest of course by concentrating on a single pine
needle from a single branch of a single pine tree.
Fine, have it your way:
Yeah? Which gnome? 1.0?  I wasn't concerned much about internet throughput
as much as display rendering of shit like rendering menus and such.  Oh, what, did you expect me to use Lynx maybe?
Let's also not forget that the older machines have limits on memory, which
also affect performance.  I don't know about your hardware, but most of my
old 100-200Mhz machines don't have motherboards that can handle much ram.  I'd be lucky to get 128mb in there -- if I were to bother hunting down ram
for them and paying a lot more per megabyte for it than for say a pair of
512M dimms for the newer boxes.  And no, I'm not going to be spending $200
on an accelerated 3d video card with 8mb for a piece of shit machine from
10 years ago either.  So yes, gnome is slow on old hardware.
Power consumption per MIPS.  Do the math.  That old 200Mhz box is costing
you as much more in MIPS/Watts than your 1GHz box.  Unless of course
you're comparing notebooks with fully loaded towers. :)  My old piece of
shit Pentium 1 box which has a 250Watt power supply.  Same as my newer
machines.  Which is more expensive to run, hmm?  Now lets say that you
take every machine you've ever had and run them all at the same time.
How much aggregate MIPS will you get out of them versus how many
Watts/hour would you be using?   Will those be servers of some sort?  Oh,
ok, that means you'll need more UPS's.  What?  You don't have
UPS's?  Silly man! I've got UPS's on practically everything. Yes, yes,
including the Tivo and my alarm clock.  Two 3+ hour blackouts was more
than enough to convince me.  Hell, I was pricing generators right after
that, but thought a few large UPS's would do the trick.
Certainly that old Pentium tower makes a fine firewall, DNS, mail, or
printer server, or low bandwith web server, but for how much longer?  At
what point does it become useless?  Certainly were I to bother encrypting
everything on it, disk, swap, and network connectivity, it would slow down
to Commodore 64 levels of usability.  And how many users do you have going
through it?  Just yourself perhaps?
Ever notice how much slower it is to ssh to that old 100Mhz PC of yours
than to the 1Ghz one?  the initial connection takes far longer to
complete?  Maybe you haven't, I have.
Perhaps you need more caffeine in your blood stream.  Seems to me your IQ
is faling.

@_date: 2002-07-15 15:38:55
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Virtuallizing Palladium 
Probably not worth emulating a Pentium4 in Java, however, there is bochs
to start from.  I don't think it does P4 emulation yet, but open source,
yadda, yadda, cypherpunks write code, yadda, yadda. :)
 + ^ + :NSAs budget is about|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :$20 Billion USD/year|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:and they didn't stop|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :9-11 from happening.|don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :I want a refund!    |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-07-27 12:06:11
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: misogyny is infectious: SOF wife wetwork 
Sounds to me like the CIA is at the experiments again...  Didn't they
expose lots of folks to LSD back in the 60's to see if they could make
people kill?
Oh, of course, this would never happen in our day and age.  Why, that was
in the 60's....  I'm sure they said that in the 60's too.
 + ^ + :NSA's gets $20B/year|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-06-14 16:19:20
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Theft Attempt or LEO Sting? 
I got one of these too.
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-06-14 16:24:09
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Theft Attempt or LEO Sting? 
The https cert for e-golb shows up as "snake oil" in all the fields.
Snake Oil, Ltd
Webserver Team
Snake Town
Snake Desert, XY
emailAddress: www at snakeoil.dom
Snake Oil CA
Snake Oil, Ltd
Certificate Authority
Snake Town
Nice scam...  Probably snorted cypherpunks for email addrs and spammed'em
All the top bar links point to the real e-gold site.... nice...
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-06-26 20:43:19
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
When was the last time you had to give your name when you bought a
newspaper, CD or a DVD in a non-online/non-mail order store?
That is your choice of course, as it is mine to refuse to disclose my
identity for a simple purchase such as a newspaper, CD, or DVD.
Then, you don't understand it at all.  The point of DRM is to prevent you,
the customer from making copies of CD's and DVD's available to others,
skipping over commercials, to limit you from purchasing the same titles
from outside your "region" for much less, or slightly different edits, or
before they're released in your region, or lend the same to your friends,
or transferring the data to other mediums (mp3 players, etc.)
Never mind that copyright laws allow such fair use such as making backups
and loaning to your friends, transfering CD tracks to your mp3 player, and
even selling used DVD's/CD's so long as you destroy all other copies of
the same title.
In order to enforce these ends, the only way to "protect" the rights of
the owner of the copyrighted work, the current proposals deem to remove
administrative rights to your own computer. i.e. MSFT Palladin et al.
At this point, the owner of the copyright has root on your computer.  (Be
that computer a DVD player, X-Box, or whatever.)  Should you have anything
else on that machine, it is accessible surreptitiously by them without
your knowledge so long as the device is online, and it would have to be in
order to be "registered" and "updated."  Hence the complaints of privacy
The number and quality of bits is irrelevant from the point of view of the
MPAA and RIA.  Street vendors of illegal VHS tapes and DVD's made of
movies from a camcorder while in a movie theater have had their asses
rightly hauled in.  I imagine the quality of their wares is also quite
low when compared to legal versions of the same.

@_date: 2002-05-28 07:39:20
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: NYT: Techies Now Respect Government 
Sounds like more of the same kinds of words inserted into Phil Zimmermann
mouth by Ariana Cha to me.  Hmmm, smells like bullshit, looks like
bullshit, there's a bull looking a bit relieved a few feet away, I wonder
what it could be?
 + ^ + :Surveillance cameras|Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :aren't security.  A |share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:camera won't stop a |monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :masked killer, but  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :will violate privacy|site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2002-11-08 15:33:03
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Did you *really* zeroize that key? 
Or you do something like using binary OR from both ends of the
memory chunk simultaneously, so when they finish, you're guaranteed to
have 0xff (all 1's) all over your memory.
This is off the top of my head, so bugs may exist, etc.
int zapmem(uint8 *mem, size_t size)
int i,j,a,b;
 for (a=0xaa,b=0x55,i=0, j=size-1; i<size, i++,j--)
  {
   a|=mem[i]; mem[i]=a;
   b|=mem[j]; mem[j]=b;
  }
return a|b;
At the end of the loop, mem will be 0xff.  Why?  Because we use OR, and
since one half is using 010101 and the other half is using 10101010, as
i,j pass each other and OR themselves, you're guaranteed to have 0xff
(11111111) as output.  You could also use 0xf0 and 0x0f or any other
complementary values for the initial a and b values.
There's a return value, the compiler has to return it, and thus can't
easily optimize it out.  I don't think there exist smart compilers that
will figure out what this does - if you can write such a compiler that can
figure out what you indend in all cases, you will be a very rich man.  Of
course if some compiler writer decides to make the above a special case
and optimize it out, all bets are off.

@_date: 2002-11-14 11:59:41
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Where's Osama? (Re: OPPOSE THE WAR! We are going to ruin Iraq 
Osama is wherever Bush wants him to be.  Once we're done with Iraq
(assuming that we'd win that Vietnam**2 war - Ha!), Osama will magically
produce yet another audio or video tape from North Korea or whatever
nation Bush wants to make his next bitch.
At this point, we do have the technology to alter both video and audio,
and to build fake clips at will.  I don't believe that the latest audio
bite has been forged by us, but rather that the technology exists.  Likely
Osama is either dead or has had cosmetic surgery enough for him to live
the rest of his days in the French riviera, and what sound bites and
videos we have seen and will see are pre-recorded ones.
While I'm opposed to us going to war since I believe that between
Afghanistan and Iraq, we're opening ourselves up for a far worse beating
than Vientam in the long term, I'm far more opposed to the outright lies
being presented as reasons for doing so, and the sheer bald faced freedom
and privacy grabs that this is an excuse for.
Even if we pull a victory like we did in Japan and both democratise and
capitalize Afghanistan and Iraq, in the long term, they'll become economic
competition.  If we "do" Afghanistan again, like we did them after Russia
fell and abadon them without further support, it'll turn out the same as
it did, like Somalia and other failed abandoned overthrown states.
In the end, that will produce far more terrorists than we have seen to
date, more of our freedoms will be taken away unil an equilibrium of
rights will exist between the USA and dictatorships like Iraq.
Luckily there's only two more years before the next election...

@_date: 2002-10-13 06:34:37
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: was: Echelon-like resources.. 
And how many of their citizens have or will die due to lack of those very
same pharamceuticals that the bombed factory can no longer produce? Or
suffer from disease due to the same?
Perhaps not tens of thousands, but more than just the single night
watchman, I'd say.
The point isn't how many deaths, but what collateral damage was done.  Not
just in the sense of civilian casualties, but also the damage inflicted on
those by the effect of not having said facility around.
Of course, for all you and I really know that could have been an Anthrax
factory cleverly disguised as as a pharmaceuticals factory, but we can put
up rethorical questions and answers such as these for the next millenia
and not get anywhere either.

@_date: 2003-04-09 13:54:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "Lone terrorist" bill 
It's just like with JFK - the CIA wanted Lee Harvey Oswald to be "the lone
gunman" so if you have a nutcase, you don't have a conspiracy. Too bad it
surfaced that Oswald had been to Mexico and had ties to the CIA and that
the bullets fired didn't match the location of the book repository, etc.
So, now we have a "Lone Terrorist" as a class of patsy to use at whim.  Usually will be the Arab immigrant unable to secure legal aid anyhow.  Once established, anyone can be the patsy.
When Uncle Sam wants to disappear someone, they become "The Lone
Terrorist."  Simple, sweet, clean.  The sheep will buy it.  "He was a lone
terrorist, kept to himself, valued his privacy..."
Funny how we went from the Declaration of Independence that says "We hold
these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created equal, that they
are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among
these are Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness" to enumerate such
rights in the Bill of Rights, to the USA PATRIOT act which removes all
Liberty and due process at the slightest whim of any burrowcrat in the
right agency.
There was some Asimov robot story about this world where the robots' laws
were bypassed by changing the definition of human to those from a specific
planet only, thus having the robots kill outsiders to defend them.  Eventually they tweaked it so deeply that the robots killed everyone.  This is a pretty standard sci-fi theme.  In this case, "citizen" goes
away, as do rights.  "He's not a citizen, he's a lone terrorist."  Ditto
"protected witness" and "illegal combattant" as a way to remove rights.
It's has not been 98'C for quite some time now, and the frog has long
been boiled.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-11 09:15:52
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: bomb recipie from household ingridients. 
Here you go:
Frozen Caramelized Banana and Chocolate Bombe
Recipe courtesy Emeril Lagasse, 2000
 Recipe Summary
Yield: 8 servings
For the Ice Cream:
4 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
3 ripe bananas, peeled, sliced lengthwise in half and cut crosswise into
1/4-inch thick slices
2 tablespoons banana liqueur
2 tablespoons dark rum
2 cups milk
2 cups heavy cream
6 egg yolks
2 cups chocolate mousse, recipe follows
For the Garnish:
2 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
2 large bananas, peeled and sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch slices
1 cup chocolate sauce, (in a squeeze bottle), recipe follows In a large
saute pan, over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the brown sugar and stir
until the sugar dissolves. Add the bananas and cook, stirring for 3
minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully add the liqueur and
rum. Return the pan to the stove and carefully ignite the alcohol and
shake the pan until the flames die down, about 30 seconds. Remove from the
heat and cool completely. In a medium saucepan, over medium heat, combine
the milk and cream. Bring the mixture to a scalding point. In a mixing
bowl, beat the egg yolks. Add the cream mixture about 1/4 cup at a time to
the beaten eggs, whisking well after each addition. Pour the mixture back
into the saucepan, and cook, stirring, over medium heat until the mixture
becomes thick enough to lightly coat the back of a spoon, 2 to 3
minutes. Remove from the heat and pour the mixture into a large glass
mixing bowl. Add the pureed bananas and stir to mix. Cover the top with
plastic wrap pressed against the surface and let cool. Place the mixture
in the refrigerator and chill completely. Pour the banana mixture into an
ice cream machine and follow the manufacturer's instructions for the
churning time. **If you leave the ice cream in the freezer for a while
before completing the pie, be sure to let it soften up a bit first.
To assemble: Line 1 cup molds with plastic wrap. Spread 3/4 cup of the ice
cream over the bottom and sides of the individual 1 cup molds. Spoon 1/4
cup of the chocolate mousse in the center of the mold. Fill the mold with
the remaining ice cream. Wrap the molds in plastic wrap and refrigerate
until firm. For the garnish: In a saute pan, over medium heat, melt the
butter. Add the sugar and stir to dissolve. Cook the sugar mixture for 1
minute. Add the bananas and continue to cook for 1 minute. Remove from the
heat. To serve, drizzle each plate with the chocolate sauce. Unmold the
bombes and place in the center of each plate. Spoon the banana mixture
over each bombe and serve immediately.
QUICK CHOCOLATE MOUSSE
Recipe courtesy Emeril Lagasse
8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped
1 1/2 cups heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Combine all of the ingredients in a saucepan, over medium heat, and bring
to a simmer. Cook until the chocolate melts completely, whisking
occasionally. Remove from the heat, pour into a glass bowl and cool
completely. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until well chilled. In
an electric mixer with a wire whip, beat until the cream forms firm peaks.
Yield: 2 1/2to 3 cups
CHOCOLATE SAUCE
Recipe courtesy Emeril Lagasse
3/4 cup half-and-half
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 pound semisweet chocolate chips
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Combine the half-and-half and butter in a small heavy-bottomed saucepan
over medium heat. Heat the mixture until a thin paper-like skin appears on
the top. Do not boil. Add the chocolate and vanilla and stir until the
chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth. Remove from the heat and let
cool. Yield: 1 1/2 cups
Episode EM1D03 Copyright ) 2003 Television Food Network, G.P., All
Rights Reserved
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-15 08:55:44
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: date formats (was Re: Single Point of Weakness is in the 
Guys, let's please change the subject from now on when we are no longer
talking about the original issues.
One marketing vp at an old little hole in the wall company used to date
things the european way on purpose, so as to look more sophisticated or
some nonsense.
Funny how that didn't save the company when the bubble burst.
I've always preferred YYYY.MM.DD, this way you can sort things very
easily.  If you write the names of the months, it doesn't translate well
to other languages, though it may be similar, *AND* more importantly from
a geek perspective, if you do a sort, April shows as the 1st month of the
year, before January - not good.  If you do the reverse DD.MM.YYYY you can't sort it either since the 1st
day of every month shows up 1st.  Dumb.  Friendly to non-geeks, but dumb.
The worst annoyance I've seen is using Unix time as a timestamp on log
dates.  It's the most unreadable of all formats.  Sorts nicely though, but
what a bitch to read.  (Unix time being the number of seconds in decimal
since 1/1/1970.)
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-21 10:02:34
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
And most people find farts offensive.  Should everyone be banned from
eating beans?  Or be forced to wear butt plugs to make you happy?
So put on an air filter if the air offends you.  If someone wishes to kill
themselves with either smoke, drink, or Mickey D's, that's their choice.  No one forces you to walk behind them, nor breathe their exhaled smoke, or
farts, or car exhaust, live over Radon emitting land, stick your head in a
microwave oven and disable the safety switches, etc.  You can chose to be
where those odors that offend you are not.
Just as you can chose to not engage in unprotected sex with VD/HIV
carriers, play Russian Roulette, etc. it's up to you to protect
yourself.  If others chose to endanger their lives and health it is their choice.  Either they will wind up killing themselves weeding themselves out of the
gene pool and winning a Darwin Award, or their bodies will build up
tolerance improving the gene pool.
Why should your standards and life choices be used to limit those of
others?  Who decides whose life choice should define the baseline of
everyone's?  And why that person?
Remember Farenheight 451.  Books were burned because not everyone, but
someone found something offensive, and since everyone put together pretty
much found everything offensive, all books were banned and everyone was
forced to be happy by artificial means.
That is the slippery slope you ask all humans to take with your stupidly
selfish demands.
And no, personally, I'm not a smoker.  But I take great exception to NYC
forcing everyone to quit smoking just because a few morons in power - much
like yourself - except that you have no political power (thank the gods
for that!), have decided to be the conscience of the public.
And personally, if someone wishes to clog their arteries or lungs or
destroy their liver with alcohol, or pancreas with sugar, brain cells with
aspertame, no one should have to pay for their condition.  Neither in
welfare, social security, health insurance, nor any other means.  And yes,
if a corporation decides to poison the environment and their actions make
everyone around them sick - without informing them of the dangers, they
should be held liable.
But things like second hand smoke and obesity are well known to be
dangerous, so if someone inhales smoke or fat burgers, that's their life
choice.  Fuck'em.
If someone is spreading SARS, the plague, or running around machine
gunning people, they should be dealt with accordingly.  But if all they're
doing affects only themselves, that's their choice.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-28 11:02:48
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Truth and Justice, Grapeshot and JDAMs, Money and Happiness 
Frankly my dear kook, I don't give a damn (about your opinions that is).
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 10:51:42
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
Ok fine, but what about the old saw that you can't lie to any law
enforcement types?  Are we to assume that no Law Enforcement Officer ever
watches Fox News?
By extension, does that mean any member of the media may lie to a Law
Enforcement Officer?
If so, why does does Fox get to lie, and Joe Spudweiser can't?  Ok, what if Joe Spudwiser has his own neighborhood newspaper?
Can't have it both ways.  Then again, in this "envrionment" nothing makes
sense other than to assume that everyone is lying.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-29 11:02:55
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
I guess Apple then is also stuck in the '90's and their pay $1/song or
$10/album is also pining for the golden 1990's.
Only time will tell.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 07:58:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Osama wins, but the patient dies 
More like the tumor has been removed, but the patient won't survive the
chemotherapy following surgery.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 08:10:03
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
While we're at it, there should be a law against noisy kids playing in
your neighbor's back yard, postmen who step on your lawn, people who water
their lawns, people who don't water their lawns, people who wear
unfashionable clothes, people who wear too fashionable clothes, people who
speak too loud, poeple who speak too low or in a language you can't
understand, people who play their stereo's too low or too loud, people who
drive over 90 miles per hour, people who drive under 89 miles per hour,
people who fart in public, people who wear fur, people who wear
polyester, people who wear a tie with short sleved shirts, Yenta's, people
who fart in public silently, etc....
Fuck that noise, you intolerant turd.  I've a better idea:  There should
be a law against people that say "there should be a law..." :)
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 08:41:38
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Anonglish (was: Re: Authenticating Meat) 
According to Schneier doing this is a bad idea - (or so I recall from the
A.P. book which I've not reread in quite a while - I may be wrong) if you
use the same (or similar) cypher.  i.e.:
blowfish(blowfish(plaintext,key1),key2) is bad, but rsa(blowfish(plaintext,key1),privatekey) is ok.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 09:03:43
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Then, by extension, I find that when people say "libertarians" in quotes
like you said, but not like I said, is no different than having them
assult me with their fists.  In fact, I find such behavior as direct threats against my life, and
instilling terror, so that makes you a terrorist, and possibly an Arab
because in my experience, people who put libertarians in menacing quotes
like you do were mostly Arabs who hate our freedoms, and that's why they
bombed the World Trade Center, and therefore must be harboring WMD's --
and they probably got a huge stash of oil we can grab too - I mean, are
torturing their subjects and are anti-freedom, and hate the American Way
of Life (Wave Flag Here!)
Should we really be able to make up our own definitions and turn things
which merely annoy us into crimes?  Think about it a bit longer before
you reply again.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 09:04:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Fake News for Big Brother 
Um, the guys holding the guns?
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 09:52:14
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Anonglish (was: Re: Authenticating Meat) 
I'm not sure, but in that case you can use some lame ass cypher like
rc4-40 (don't bother with DES as it's too slow) and then use twofish 128
interally, with two unrelated keys.
You can even set the key of the weaker one to be an MD5 hash of today's
date (at GMT+0) + whatever constants you'd like, since you don't care
about it.  You don't want to make the weak cypher too easy to brute, but
don't make the keys related.  (If you crack/brute the outside cypher and the keys are related, you gave
the oponents hints about your more important key.)
I'm unsure what the reasoning against superencryption (even if the keys
are unrelated) is, and weather different key sizes make a difference.  You can check Applied Crypto (don't have it infront of me now, sorry.)
Or you can try the Handbook of Applied Crypto (different book) - parts of
which are online here:  + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 12:11:02
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Aparently you didn't think a bit longer before replying.  Might I ask,
where have I ever professed to be a libertarian, or for that matter
affiliated with ANY political party?
You've missed the forest for the pine needles.  Congrats, you've joined
Choate in my filter list. :)  Enjoy your stay.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-04-30 12:24:30
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
What trail?  You think "Mike" will ever see the light of day?  If there's
going to be a trial it will be in secret - by a kangaroo shadow court, and
it will be classified.  If he's found innocent, then he'll probably be
thrown in jail as he was exposed to classified information which we
couldn't allow to leak out.  So he'll be a guest of Uncle Sam, oh, excuse
me, the Shadow Uncle Sam, for a long time.
On the other hand, if they do cave in and let him go, they'll have to
admit that they were wrong, and that would set precendence for future such
releases, and the whole disappearing program will be at risk, so they'll
have to stick to their guns and hang on to him.
It is not enough to fear Big Brother, you must learn to love him.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-01 18:40:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: CA Gov calls Shrub Shrub 
+ ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-03 12:12:58
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Secure IDE? 
So build an individual key for each cluster by some function that uses the
original key.  Same idea as using IV's, but with a few twists.  IMHO,
using CBC's for disk encryption sucks because you'll need to read previous
sectors, and that's slower...
I say cluster, not sector, as it's usually faster to work in 128k chunks
than in 512 byte chunks when reading/writing to disk.  YMMV, etc.
Here's the idea:
For example, use a very large random key preferably from a good
hrng... say a few megs in size... maybe something that would fit on a
flash fob... say 16-128mb.  Let's call this K.  (This can also be one of
those business card CD's, etc...)
Protect the actual key by encrypting it with a has from the user's
passphrase to prevent someone from grabbing the fob and just using it of
course.  Call this E(k).  Make sure that the user has backup copies of
this fob.
Perhaps this can be an N of M split for the backup, so the user will need
several of the backup fob's to generate the key...  This way an attack
that has temporary physical access won't be able to simply steal a backup
At boot up/mount time, you'll need both the flash fob and the key to
unlock it.
You can even put some sort of unique disk id on the physical disk and use
this as part of the key for that disk.  Call this D.  D might depend
on the physical parameters of the disk and the manufacturer - but this is probably not such a great idea -- if the disk fails, you can't just restore it's image over another for example...  So more random numbers are a good way to go.  D can be stored on the disk itself (in encrypted
form of course - say by a hash of the passphrase or something else.)
This way, you can securely encrypt multiple disks with the same
You can now build some function that grabs N bits from K based on the
value of D and the cluster number, where N is the size of the key for your
cypher.  This will serve instead of the IV.  You should also test this key
to see if it is a weak key for the particular cypher - and if so, switch
to an alternate function, etc.
In the case of cyphers such as blowfish where the cypher is relatively
fast, but the setup time is too slow to have as many keys as clusters,
you'll need to limit the above function so that it can only produce a
manageable number of keys (say 256, 1024, or whatever you think is
manageable) - that way you can intialize each decode key ahead of time and
keep them in non-swapable RAM.  You'll need to figure out what a good
balance is so you don't wind up exhausting RAM, and at the same time, have
enough keys available to give you protection.
Optionally, if you have access to the file system (i.e. you're running an
open source OS and have access to the file system structures), you might
want to add something that fills in deleted blocks with random garbage to
throw off attackers.  No need to encrypt them, but you'll need to make
sure that there's nothing statistically distinguishing them from encrypted
blocks.  This can help you speed things up if you have access to a
moderately fast rng.
Another thing to consider from the "I have OS source code" level is to
perhaps optionally also compress files stored to the disk, and use a file
system that can handle gappy files.  The worse thing you could do is to
actually store a long string of clusters of 00's in the plaintext... (Then
again, if your crypto cypher is good, this is much less of an issue.)
Another thing to worry about is how to not have known plaintext on the
encrypted disk - the majority of binaries for example are going to be well
known and can act as this plaintext for the attacker.  Compression
somewhat takes care of this.  Compiling your own software with
slightly different optimizations or compiler versions rather than using
the distributed binaries of your OS is a good thing.  i.e. use Linux from
Scratch as a distro and tweak your compiler to use different optimizations
or target processors than usual.
Having access to the OS adds another advantage in that you can reserve
access to the fob (or key cd) just for the disk encryption system and
prevent rogue software from just stealing the key.  (Assuming of course
that your kernel is secured, and can limit non-kernel access to devices,
etc, etc, etc.) A lot of this can be done in hardware if you have enough $$$ to build it
on a separate embedded computer -- I constantly see these advertised in
the usual Linux mags for several hundred dollars and they contain flash,
ethernet, serial ports, etc...  Some even have IDE ports... This would be
a perfect thing to sit between your disks and your main computer.  It
could add another layer of complexity for the attacker to have to deal
with...  In this case, the main computer wouldn't even have access to the
key fob at all.  This embedded computer can possibly do other things for
you, such as act as a hardware RAID controller - thus freeing up the host
machine from that task, etc, and even better, the host machine wouldn't
store any keys on it whatsoever.  You could also make the embedded machine
into a firewall with an application level http/smtp filter as well.
It would just access the embedded machine as if it were an IDE or SCSI
device without any way to attack it.  This way you could even run
Windblows on it (somewhat) securely.  If you added a firewall to the
embedded machine, it could also prevent trojans from sending back
information to their owners, installing spyware, whatever...
You can even go as far as using one of those happy gamer clear plastic
cases (very bad because of RF emissions, but it will let you see the
insides of your computer making it harder for someone to add their own
hardware to it.)
Now backups are going to be the next main thing to worry about.  Letting
the user make backups of plaintext data is a horrible idea.  It's better
to provide a backup facility ahead of time that would take chunks of the
disk 650MB/800MB/4.5GB (or tape sized) at a time so they can be burned to
CD.  You may optionally wish to not write the empty random clusters - but
that would aid an attacker in that they wouldn't have to deal with
figuring out what the ununsed sectors were as per the previous paragraph.
BTW: If you implement this idea commercially, all I ask in return is that
you give me a copy of the software/hardware -- or license it under the
GPL, or FreeBSD license. :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-03 13:36:05
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: I'm asking for more rights, not restrictions (was Re:  
While at the same time quoting from a book doesn't mean anything
either.  It shows that a) you can quote from a book, and b) you have no
ideas of your own.
If you have something valuable to say, say it.  Otherwise, let's not waste
time over who can read a book, who has read a specific book, or who can
quote from a book.
BTW: Incase you haven't been clued, arguing with Jim Choate is like
arguing with a broken clock.  It always returns 12:30, which twice a day
is the right time, but there's no real intelligence there.  Just an
automaton from a realm called Choate', where physics don't follow the same
laws as here, everyone uses Plan9, people earn money based on their needs,
not their ability, logic is based on whatever Choate says it is, and so
on.  Most people, myself included have set bits emminating from that realm to
find their way to the bit bucket.
As for your points of view, my take is this: There ought to be a law to
stop people who say "there ought to be a law."  Making laws is the job of
congress.  Cypherpunks (supposedly) write code.  Want to push laws?  Email, fax, mail, or otherwise spam (oh the irony!) your congresscritter,
not "us."  ("Us" is in quotes because cypherpunks have no official party line, "we"
don't speak for each other.  It's just a mailing list, and it's "members"
hold varying ideals, but a general trend of consensus is that more laws
are evil, and that freedom to use strong crypto is generally a good
thing.  This is only my view of what cypherpunks is about, YMMV.)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-04 10:45:26
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
What the fuck do you mean unfortunately?
Why is it forbidden by law?  Bob signed a contract with Mallory waiving
certain rights in exchange for the service provided by Mallory. Mallory
provided full disclosure of it's rights to Bob along with Bob's
responsabilities, etc.  Bob chose to accept those terms, how is this
illegal again?
If the service Mallory provides Bob is inadequate, that's between Mallory
and Bob, not between Alice and Bob.  Alice and Mallory have no contract
what-so-ever.  It's upto you, Alice, to convince Bob of this fact.  If you
can't, that's Bob's choice, not yours.  And you have no business to
interfere between Bob and Mallory.
Wrong.  Bob agreed to those terms of service, it's not a denial of
service, it's part of Bob's agreement with Mallory.
No.  Either you have agreed to live in said house by purchasing it, and
have therefore become a citizen of said city, and by such actions agreed
to abide by it's laws, or pre-existing laws allowed the city to run such
water services through your propery.  This too is by contract.
Where, Ms. Alice, is your contract with Mallory again?
No, it does not.  Please take this to
alt.dumb.law.questions.asked.by.clueless.morons.  This has nothing to do
with cypherpunks.
So, in that case if you need a red stapler, you should be able to break
into AOL's offices and steal one?????  Since fucking when?
That's the choice of your friends and family, not yours.  Take it up with
them, not AOL.
This is true - utpto the point where you place said packets on the
internet.  From that point on, while you may retain copyright (even that
is questionable), you have explicity caused an automated action that takes
said packets and puts them into the machine that is the internet, for it
to do what it does.  If some of the members of that machine do things
differently than you expect, it sucks to be you, but that's your problem,
not theirs.  You decided to place those packets on that network, not the
members of that network.
If you put a book you wrote into a shredder, well, who are you going to
sue?  The shredder company? Or yourself?
No, dumbass, you placed those packets on said network repeatedly after you
have discovered that they will be dropped in the bit bucket, that's too
bad for you.  You've vandalized your own packets.
And that is their right, as contractually agreed to by their customers -
your friends and family members included.  You have no stake in this, nor
any relationship with AOL.
No, you abused your own property knowing full well it would be dropped
into the bit bucket right after the 1st time you tried it.  And since
you've got no contractual agreement with AOL, you have no expected
reasonable expectation that AOL would forward your packets to your f&f,
especially if AOL deems your packets to be harmful to it's network for
whatever reason.
Your idiocy is showing.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-05 10:12:46
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
These are the terms to which Bob has agreed to.  It clearly states that
AOL may if it chooses to remove access to content it deems harmful for
whatever reason.  It does not list what those reasons are, therefore, they
are at its discretion - NOT AT YOURS.
There is no need for any law to change this.  Bob and AOL both voluntarily
agreed to these terms.  End of story.
Stop right there.  AOL's contract is with Bob. NOT WITH you, ALICE.  You
have no claims to make.  You have no contract with AOL, it is under no
obligation whatsoever to deal with you.  If you don't like that, sign up
with AOL, agree to their terms, and file a complaint - if those rules will
allow you to do so.  Otherwise, you have no way to interfere with the
agreement between Bob and AOL.
No.  There is no such legal entity as "The Internet."  AOL, like all other
ISP's (I'm stretching the term here) has contractual agreements with other
ISP's from which it obtains service.  Depending on what those rules allow,
AOL may or may not be playing by the rules.  That's up to whomever feeds
AOL to decide, not you.  You are not AOL's ISP.  You have no contract with
AOL on that level either.
AOL is not actively causing any denial of service to anyone other than
those who agreed to be subject to AOL's jurisdiction - by contract.  Says
so in their terms that they reserve the right to do this.
That is not upto you to decide.  That is upto Bob.  Since you haven't
entered any business agreement with AOL, you cannot make such claims
against them.
I am?  So, then you understand that you have no claims whatsoever against
AOL since you aren't using their service, nor have any contract whatsoever
with them?  Then why all the BS?
Of course, because they're providing you with water service.  Therefore,
you have agreed to those implict or explicit terms.  You have a contract
with the city, or the water company.  Either because that's what the laws
of the city state, or because you've signed a contract with the water
company agreeing to their terms.  Just like Bob signed a contract with
AOL.  So what's your beef???
Where's the crime again?
Hey, you're the one that claimed that the needs of humans outweigh those
of a corporation.  So by that logic, not that I agree with it, should you
need a stapler, you should be able to take one from AOL.  Of course it's
assinine.  That's what I'm trying to show you.  That your arguement is
full of shit.
The 1st ammended prevents >CONGRESS< from limiting the freedom of
speech. More precisely from creating laws that do so.  It does not limit
private or public companies from doing so.  The 1st has nothing to do with
this.  You're clueless.
And you have no contract with either AOL or that friend.  Like I said, you
have no right to interfere in AOL's business.  If you can convince their
subscribers that AOL sucks, and they chose to cancel their service, that's
fine, that's wonderful - though if AOL finds out, they may sue you for
loss of business.
Yes, you did.  As soon as you hit the send button in your mailer and had a
to be sent to AOL's mail servers, which - as you already expected since
you knew, caused them to be deleted.
Further, I would urge you read your ISP's terms of service.  There's no
place in there that they guarantee delivery of email to an end user of
another ISP.  Because they can't.  So you have no such expectation.
I'm done with this, you're too clueless to continue.  Come back when you
get some brains.

@_date: 2003-08-05 15:43:29
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Teen arrested at Logan for alleged sarcasm in his bag 
Socha was arrested by State Police and his mother, father, and sister,
were ordered off United Airlines Flight 171 to Honolulu via San Francisco,
which was set to depart at 7:07 a.m.
According to the police report, the note, which was placed on top of
clothes in a black gym bag read: ''[Expletive] you. Stay the [expletive]
out of my bag you [expletive] sucker. Have you found a [expletive] bomb
yet? No, just clothes. Am I right? Yea, so [expletive] you.''
I hope to see more and more of these until the public is outraged enough
to not put up with this horseshit.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-06 10:51:05
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Trouble at HavenCo? 
Then we switch back to one time pads.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-07 09:39:38
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: politically corrent terms of color 
Or you can flip that arguement on its head and say it's the politially
correct hidden racist honkey's way of saying non-white in the usual nasty
way, opressing the brothers.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-07 12:05:30
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Can't free "Mike" anymore.  He copped a plea 
7 years instead of over 20.  + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-08 10:20:29
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
No, no, no.  This is all planned.  After all, how can you have a war on
terrorism in order to clamp down on freedoms, if there is no terror?  How
can you incite patriotism and support of the government?  How else can you
bring about the police state?  And while you're at it, you can make most people far more maleable if it
happens during an economically shaky time.  And having a war that costs
nearly a trillion dollars plus another billion every two weeks or so might
just do the trick.
Of course the above is all hypothetical, nothing like this could happen in
real life.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-09 10:23:03
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
Add your own 2nd alarm system.  You can even use the sensors of your
existing one to interface with a computer (just the sensors, mind you, not
the actual controllers.)  Got a DSL line?  Got a modem?  Got a cell phone?  Got a pager?  Got network capable cameras?  Got access to another computer outside your house that can also watch when
your DSL line is down and notify you?
Got a small computer you could hide somewhere non obvious?  Like inside a
wall?  Maybe a still useable old laptop with a broken screen that you
could pick up off ebay for cheap?
Got an imagination and some wiring/programming skills?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-09 12:13:14
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: President Terminator 
Hey, don't knock it! Arnold is perfect as President.  As Reagan prooved,
actors are perfect as presidents.  They're maleable, they act their part
on demand, and do as their told, or the lone nut assasin will make a visit
if he doesn't listen to his ex-CIA VP's orders.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-10 10:41:24
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
sensors (continuity test) or it talks over a variant of rs422 -
unencrypted for things like keypads.  Not good, especially if these are
accessible on the outside.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-14 12:15:23
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: SCO to argue General Public Licence invalid (fwd) 
This is wonderful moronic lawyer behavior.  Perhaps if you work at SCO,
you have to eat out of lead bowls and drink hot coffee from unglazed lead
coffee mugs?  Either that or this is some weird, but less potential
version of Steve Job's reality distortion field gone bad - the way milk
left outside the fridge does.
Yes, Federal law allows you the EXTRA right to make one backup copy as per
fair use.  However, the GPL is not a copyright, it's a license agreement that gives
the user extra rights, by virtue of the author's good will.  So the author
maintains his copyright, but allows the user to do the copying and
distributing - the end user is almost acting as the copyright holder's
agent.  If the court rules that the GPL is invalid (i.e. clueless jury or judge)
then all shrink wrap licenses are null and void also, and I don't think
Billy Gates would like that very much, so in an odd turn of events, he'll
be on the side of GPL come time for appeals!  Wouldn't that be sweet
Indeed.  Like the article says: D'oh!   No wonder SCO's SCummy executives
dumped their stock....
I would have expected them to claim that the Caldera employee who let
Unix(tm) source out the door did so illegally, and therefore the GPL can't
apply to that source, and that they still own rights to it, but it's
doubtful they could prove such a thing.
I believe the right and proper course of action is to give SCO a taste of
their own shit, and have every linux user and every linux company file an
INDIVIDUAL court case against SCO and NOT turn it into a class action suit
(if it were possible).
That would stretch SCO's lawyers very think to the point where they
couldn't show up in court to defend themselves, and thus automatically
loose.  *
* But(!) I don't play a lawyer on TV, and I'm a very bad actor, so consult
a real lawyer, or a real actor, blah, blah, blah.
I think Stan Kelly-Bootle's Devil's DP Dictonary needs the word Darl added
to it, with the definition of: litigious asshole, who ironically couldn't
find his own asshole if it were on his forehead and he looked straight on
into a mirror during broad daylight.
But, that would be demeaning to assholes.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-17 13:50:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power   
As you probably know by now, there was no lightnight strike and the
failure did not start at Nigara.
As for our city's reptile of a Mayor he claimed power would be back on in
queens by 11pm.  It wasn't on until 6am Friday.  On Friday night there
were still areas that were down in lower Manhattan.
Certainly, I'd expect whatever FUD explanation to be most profitable to
the NeoCONS to be the eventual reason for the outage, so they can push
USPATRIOT V3.0.1 - the one where they add brown alert to the color scheme.
Of course CON-Ed would say "Blame Canada."  I expect nothing less.
Did anyone catch the Shrubbya interview? I think it was on CNNFN or MSNBC
or one of those neonews channels...  The one where he was busy sweating in
the sun's heat in his blue Armani dress shirt while, his face browned from
the sun, playing golf.  The one where he regurgitated what he had been
spoon fed by his PR guys?  At one instant he shrugged his shoulders as he
said it's an old grid, and it will need to be fixed, and then he went back
to golfing.  Showing how much he cares about the plight of the east coast.
More than likely I suspect the truth is that the grid is indeed outdated
and something simply couldn't handle the load.  Whenever politicians, and
bureaucrats are involved, the outcome is the same:
Chief Executive Asshole: "Why should we spend $X million to fix it?  It's
still running?"
Techie: "Because it's running at 95% capacity, and any small spike will
cause a big problem."
CEA: "But it's been fine for the last 20 years, I'd rather keep the cash
and give myself a bonus, and then lay off extraneous employees.  We can
outsource them to India."
Techie: "It's outdated, it will collapse."
CEA: "So what? When it does, if it does, we'll hit Uncle Sam for more
money, meanwhile I have another yacht to purchase.  In any case, it won't
likely collapse while I'm still here, and I'll retire soon enough, not my
problem... and don't let the door hit your ass on your way out.  I don't
want ass prints on my brand new gold plated door."
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-18 13:14:26
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Blackout in NYC 
Yup.  I got the fuck out of NYC as fast as I could.  Walked for about 3
hrs incl. over a bridge. :)  Made sure I got there before dark.  I
outwalked the busses!  That's how bad traffic was for cars.  The bars were already happy places at 5pm with lots of crowds in front of
them extending out into the streets... this is probably one of the major
reasons it was so civil.  The other was that the outage did not occur
while it was already dark, and the third likely due to the previous "Get
the fuck out of NYC" when the WTC turned to dust.
At work we are still experiencing outages as our ISP is down because their
ISP is down.  Even more fun, our phone system goes through the ISP, so that's down too.  This is what you get when you pay the lowest price you
can.  I expect this is the same reason this outtage occured in the first
place.  Everyone cutting corners, etc.  (See my previous rant.)  My fault
for working for a small .com rather than a big company, but no one is
hiring sysadmins these days unless they're wet behind the ears and are
willing to take $40K, or they're outsourcing to the likes of EDS.
I've got lots of fun exposure to EDS outsourcing quality of service -
those guys are total morons.  Asked them to reboot one machine, and got
back 30 emails saying "not my dept."  Took about 4-5 hours to get a
machine rebooted when it should have taken less than 5 mins.  On another
occasion they couldn't figure out how to get their internal and external
DNS to point to the same host...  and they actually have an entire DNS
dept! To quote Homer, D'Oh!
Hopefully IBM's outsourcing gig is better.  To anyone thinking they can
outsource IT and/or systems admins,  I wish you the best.  You'll need
it.  In the end, you get what you pay for.  Every fucking time.  No
exceptions.  Sure, Raj is cheaper than me.  But that's the level of
service you should expect too, 'cause you'll get it!
I won't comment on the previous NYC outage/riots as I wasn't in NYC at the
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-18 14:29:15
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles,  
Could you turn that into an mp3 and email a url to it?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-25 16:40:52
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
So what are the bets as to how soon they'll start calling democrats
terrorists? :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-26 10:25:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
Why the republicans of course. :)
--- BEGING Sarcastic Lunatic RANT and RAVE V3.2 ----
Me, I'm "afraid" of the oil companies, they're constantly raising the
price of gas, so I'm going to call them "price gouging terrorists."  I'd
happily switch to another brand, but it seems all them are raising their
prices equally.
Oh, and the milk terrorists are at it again, adding another $1 to the
price of a gallon of milk.
And those annoying terrorists that call us during dinner at at it again,
the telemarketers... well, actually, I've gotten less and less of these
calls recently, but why spoil a good rant (wink, wink) :)
Oh, yeah, and those CON-Ed guys are terrorists too, why they threated to
raise their prices, or they'll let us experience more black outs (well
they didn't, but Bush said so - so he's a terrorist too!)
Oh, yeah, and Mayor Bloomberg's a terrorist from the point of view of
smokers, and cell phone users who happen to drive.  And so is the
governor... fuck why isn't Arnold running for Governor of NYC???  Wait, he
was, The Terminator - so that means he's a SkyNet Cell Member, and
therefore, a terrorist too!
And, let's not forget the MTA who recently raised their prices by 30%
terrorized all New Yorkers, too...
And wait, wait!  The fucknuts that did the world trade center were
terrorists, and they wore underwear and socks!  So anyone who wears
underwear or socks is a terrorist!!!  Arrest'em all!
Fuck it, everyone's a terrorist.  Send'em all to GITMO....  :^)
---- END OF RANT --------------------------------
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-26 11:29:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Slashdot | Florida Proposes Taxing Local LANs (fwd) 
Yes, they'll tax 9% of the packets.  This means that out of 100 packets,
only 91 of them will go to other hosts, the other 9 packets must be routed
to the FL tax board in the form of ICMP ECHO requests.
However, be advised that if you have ever lived or thought about living in
Florida, this tax applies to you, so you should set your networking
devices to behave accordingly.  This tax applies to you, even if you live
OB DISCLAIMER: This is also known in some unsavory circles as a DDoS.  :^)  If you actually do this, expect a visit from the Men in Black, with
names such as Agent Smith, who unlike me, have no sense of humor.
(I think I've had a bit too much caffeine this morning... heh...)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-26 12:40:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
You're accusing me, of being a socialist, therefore you are not
with me, so you're against me, therefore you're on the side of
the terrorists, therefore, you are a terrorist. :^)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-26 17:20:33
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
I caught some of that... I think he means suck in the blowjob sense...
i.e. a good form of suck...  the same it's desirable to have an S.O that
does suck. :^)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-08-27 10:29:35
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [cta@hcsin.net: Re: CNN: 'Explores Possibility that Power   
+ ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-12-19 10:11:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
That all depends on your definition of sovereign.  After all, "we" put, or
at least helped, that monster into power.  No different an action than we
the many times before putting tyrants into control of small, but important
nations under the guise of "protecting democracy."  So, while he was our puppet, he was the good guy, and no matter how many
he murdered, he was a benevolent leader.
Once he turned on our interests, he was no longer useful and had to be
removed.  It just took Jr. to do it.
Now, we'll put a different "democratic" government in place.  Of course,
it won't be as free as the USA, nor have the same kind of constitution -
that would be a problem since we couldn't control it's oil.
Nothing new, nothing to be surprised about.  We couldn't give a fuck
less if Sadam was given an anal probe on TV, or if he was put in the
colliseum for donkeys to use as a sex toy, as in Roman times.  As
entertaining as it would be for some, it's utterly unimportant.
Pax Americana will march on.  We have their oil - we can throw some crumbs
to some other "friendly" countries of the COW, and lesser crumbs to those
who complained, but the rest is just meaningless green colored icing on
the cake.
The war on terror itself will go on for as long as the voters will
tolerate it, or until it's true goals succeede and it becomes impossible
for the voters to do anything but accept it - or be disappeared in the
middle of the night...  Not much different than in Stalin or Hitler's
Perhaps a democrat will make it back in power again, but that too is
meaningless, as the infrastructure for the super surveillance, terror
police state is already in place and won't likely go away.  It no longer
makes a difference, even if a few of the teeth of the DHS are
removed... people will still be disappeared in the middle of the night,
warantless searches, secret shadow trails, et al.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-12-19 13:37:45
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Sunny Guantanamo (Re: Speaking of the Geneva convention) 
Right, the Declaration of Independance starts off with "We hold these
truths to be self evident..." and lists that some rights are inalienable,
and granted to us just because we are human, so therefore they apply to
all humans everywhere...
Well, in practice between what was done to Native Americans, and African
Americans didn't exactly reflect that... but they got away with it by
changing the definition of what's a human being...
Just like now they're getting away with removing all of one's rights by
defining them as a "terrorist" or "illegal combattant" instead of as a
human being, etc.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-12-31 13:59:50
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
If those are your beliefs, then by all means, set the first example, and
go kill yourself.  Better yet, sacrifice yourself to your goddess...  By
doing so, you'll also earn yourself a Darwin Award... unless you've
already fathered kids...  But from your tone of voice, I'd say you've
probably castrated yourself years ago.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-12-31 15:48:21
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
Damn, and I was hoping to read about you in the next Darwin Awards... oh
well... Ok, so, you're not human, you're a lunatic.  Howl at the moon much lately?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-02-02 22:48:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "Touching shuttle debris may cause bad spirits to invade   
Think upgrading of circuit boards.  Remove old board, insert new board for
example.  Leaving the old board circling around may not be a good
thing.  Just for example.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-02-04 09:10:39
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Tiny whiskers make huge memory storage 
Tiny whiskers make huge memory storage
UPI Science News
Published 1/31/2003 4:07 PM
BUFFALO, N.Y., Jan. 31 (UPI) -- New, tiny magnetic sensors could help
break a technical barrier to ushering in the next generation of computer
disk storage capacity, researchers reported Friday.
The sensors, filaments of nickel thinner than a wavelength of visible
light, are capable of detecting extremely weak magnetic fields.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, lots of hype about storing terabytes and so on, not
worried about that at all.  The real question now is this: how effective
are these nickel whiskers are recovering erased data off existing
platters, or more precisely how many times do we need to overwrite a disk
now to wipe the data?
The Guttman technique is what, overwrite something 37x with various
patterns and random numbers, so how does this discovery change this
Yes, yes, we've all discussed to death that the best way to wipe a hard
disk is to melt it down in a furnace, scatter the ashes in the ocean,
etc... but what if you want to reuse it?  (The 2nd obvious parallel is to
encrypt everything ahead of time too... also discussed to death, see the
archives, yadda, yadda)
My question is what's a reasonable order of magnitude of overwriting data
now, assuming you're not trying to hide data from, say the NSA.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-02-09 09:55:49
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Forced Oaths to Pieces of Cloth 
And also freedom of religion.  Forcing someone to say "Under God" for
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-02-09 09:59:51
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: FC: DOJ quietly drafts USA Patriot II, includes anti-crypto 
Time to start a new ad campaign:
"You don't run around naked in public do you?  Neither should your
packets!  Encrypt your traffic - it's just common sense!"
"Your internet packets are naked! Clothe them with IPSEC" "Don't help the terrorists to your financial info - encrypt!"
"You wouldn't want Osama reading your email, would you?  Encrypt"
Then when everything's encrypted, such laws can be challenged.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-02-09 20:40:43
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: My favorite line from the DOJ's latest draft bill 
My new favorite is how Rumsfeld just said that the Europe Delay to give
the inspectors more time will INCREASE the chance of war....  Uh huh...
My, my, how the reptiles have evolved the ability to speak out both sides
of their mouth... or more aptly put out of another orifice better fitted
to the application of toilet paper.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-01-04 21:36:42
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Dossiers and Customer Courtesy Cards 
Not in any 1U system that I know of unless you mean multiple racks.
The biggest ATA drives I see on the market today are 200GB.  Most 1U
systems won't hold more than two of these.  That's nowhere near 1TB!
Also you're forgetting about doing backups; and I don't know about you,
but I get a fuckload more email than 1K/day.  Granted, averaged out over
the entire population of the earth - what over 99% of don't even have
email, it may well be 1k/day/person.
Further, you'd want more than one GigE port on these machines just so as
to deal with the traffic.
And you'll need lots of cage monkeys to run around replacing failed disks.
Do the math if the MTBF of one disk is 10,000 hours, what is the MTBF of
say 2 spindles (disks) per machines multiplied by 10000 machines? One
failure every 5 hours?   Hell, that's even assuming MTBF is that high!
Have you see:  ?
You're probably also discounting the sheer amount of bandwidth required to
copy all that data, route it to each of those thousands of 1U nodes, and
then analyze it near real time and provide the ability to search through
the results.  Oh, You'd need several such centers since the worlds data
flows aren't centralized.
I wonder what the specs are for those nice Echelon centers already in
existence....  Likely they're very different from what you propose.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-01-20 20:11:11
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Harbucks (was Re: Small taste of things to come if the war on Iraq 
Yeah, not that I frequent them much - as I don't think that spending $7 on
a greasy vendi Crappuchino* or whatever full of caffeine, corn syrup and
heavy cream is a wise way to spend $7 when the corner deli has damned good
coffee for $1.25, but Harbucks** reminds me of the beatnick coffee houses
of the days of lore, where men would gather and talk of revolution. :)
Strange that such a place is now connected with "Working for The Man" and
creeping consumerism, and evil corporations...
Of course, now, the local Harbucks, it's full of palm pilot bearing geeks
trying to nervously hook up with a prospective date, while sitting in
comfy cartoonish chairs and couches (think the more LSD like Tom & Jerry
episodes), getting wired on expensive caffeine and sugar and complaining
about not being able to take the pressure**1/2, while surfing wired.com or
slashdot.org wirlessly, or in need of passing time for the sake of just
passing time without getting nabbed by the gendarmes for loitering behding
the 7-11 and drinking non-alcoholic beer*.
That, and the current dive dot bomb that has hired me as a sysadmin and
working me 70 hours a week in this sinking market, has so little room for
private meetings that we've had to have some there - in public (irony!),
so on the flip side, I see it as a work related place - not conducive to
Bah, gimme the corner Irish Bar where nobody knows my name***, but has a
fresh Guinness on tap, and a damned good bacon mushroom cheeseburger with
a side of fries (and malt vinegar), no cat to ask for my slice of pecan
pie**** or 20+ year old single malt scotch (made in Scotland of course!)
and I'm a happy, damed, cyperpunk for fuck's sake!
* Sly Beavis and Butthead refrence
** Slyer still South Park refrence - at least it doesn't taste like
vomit. :)
**1/2 - Tweak character out of South Park referring to episode featuring
*** Obligatory anonimity refrence - to keep this on topic - not that
anyone cares anymore about not pissing in the pool like 2nd graders****
**** South Park again, what else.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-04 10:53:16
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A firewall problem? 
I'm not 100% sure what you're talking about, but from what I got, it
depends on the firewall type, and the location of the man in the middle.  Various firewall types:
Simple packet filters.
Slightly smarter packet filters that also do NAT and keep track of
connections - (this is needed for the NAT to work because it needs to
change the src/dest ports to differentiate between hosts behind the
NAT's.  i.e. ipf, iptables, etc...)
Application layer proxies (i.e. socks, etc.) but those that validate the
traffic is what's its supposed to be. (stateful inspection.)
Generally your attacker needs to own a router upstream from you to be
sucessful in replay attacks.  But if you use a secure encrypted transport,
it gets much, much harder.  (i.e. encrypt the payload, not just the
If the attacker is just somewhere else on the wild internet, he can send
you packets with forged src addresses, but he won't be able see the
replies, so at most it's a denial of service on your machine.
So your attacker needs to either use his real ip address (or one of a
machine he already cracked) or he needs to own the router directly
upstream from you (i.e. your ISP) so your packets don't have any path to
go through but through him.
If he's on your network, or directly upstream, he can do something called
tcp-hijacking.  There is some interesting related stuff here for you to
research to get you answers regarding this:
There are possible ways around this issue, but would likely require an
encrypted sessions (ipsec, ssl/tls, or ssh for example.)
If you just have a simple packet filter, it's possible to use such things.  If you have a hardened application layer proxy server that inspects
packets, you can be a bit more secure.
An important thing to implement is secure tcp sequence numbers.  They make
the sequence # predictions harder, so it's not so easy hijack the
But this depends on your OS and tcp/ip implementation:
The best paper on this I've seen so far:
And here's some security alerts regarding weak sequence  for example:
Again, if your attacker owns the router directly upstream from you, that
won't help very much because you can assume that they'd be able to
intercept and alter packets in real time.  This of course isn't trivial,
but it is doable with fast enough hardware if located directly upstream
from you.  But it won't allow the attacker to hijack encrypted connections to known
hosts, or hosts using properly signed (by a well known CA) SSL
certificates.  It will allow the attacker to do plenty of monkeying with
your email (both inbound and outbound), DNS, and unencrypted web traffic,
and possibly ssh sessions to machines you haven't logged into before
(where you have to say "Yes, this is the machine I want to login to.")
(He won't be able to do much against encrypted emails, but he can always
frustrate you by deleting them or slightly altering them so they fail to
decrypt, so if you're clueless, you'll go to plaintext believing that
this encryption stuff is too much of a headache and it's unreliable, and
he'll be able to monkey with the plaintext ones.)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-15 09:29:21
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: MRAM, persistence of memory 
You could get one of those power strips with a power button intented to be
operated by foot.  Provided you've encrypted everything on your system
including all network traffic and swap, pushing the big red switch should
do the trick. :)
Not exactly an open source solution, but it may well be effective.  In all likelyhood the flashbang armored ninjas with automatics, night
vision, "get the fuck on the floor and shut the fuck up bitch" entry will
happen while you're asleep, so you won't have time to hit the big red
button anyway.
So, the best way to avoid that situation and not being able to reach the
big red switch, is simply not to attract their attention in the first
place by not following the footsteps of Jim Bell.  :)
A more likely, and far more important, scenario to worry about is the
black bag job whereby a hardware keystroke recorder can get installed
without your knowledge...
There may be ways to prevent/detect this...  Software (open or closed
source) alone won't help very much.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-15 17:47:23
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Sealing wax, funny looking dogtags 
Um, then they would have gone with the hidden pinhole camera somewhere
that has a view of the keyboard.
Or you make nice layered cutouts so when they do xray the locker they can
see interesting things... :)  like "fuck off!" :)

@_date: 2003-07-16 13:15:06
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
And TEMPEST monitoring equipment (or again, a hidden pinhole camera behind
you, or a transmitter hidden in your monitor) won't see what's on your
screen because????
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-16 13:23:02
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
Geez!  You guys have the DUMBEST ideas ever!  For fuck's sake, go and
RTFA! (For the dumb: READ THE FUCKING ARCHIVES!)
Anything displayed on your screen is visible to the guy across the street
with a TEMPEST detector unless you work in a Faraday cage.  Failing that a
hidden pinhole camera, or an RF transmitter attached to your cable -- hell
these are available for hobbist use right now: x10.com has small devices
that you can use to broadcast video from one room to another.  Getting the
same done for VGA, XVGA, etc. shouldn't be any harder.
Using IR or RF is one of the stupidest things you could possibly
do.  Think!  IR and RF are detectable from a distance!
Ok, some IR auth is ok, provided it's in a sealed chamber and no photons
leak out.  i.e. think of a two cylinders, sealed at the ends where the
cables go, where one fits inside the other... sort of like fiber optic
cables and connectors.  No leaks.
Direct contact's obviously fine, so long as your alleged attacker can't
tap into it.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-16 15:01:22
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
Well, ok, it "all depends on your security model" is certainly the 1st
factor to consider with how much you're willing to spend on it being a
constraint to that.
If your threat model is simply to have generic good security incase
someone steals your machine, then so long as all your files are encrypted,
the theif just gets whatever the hardware is worth at "it fell of a
truck" prices, and no more.
If your threat model is the fully armed and armorded ninja attack at
3:00am -- which was what I gathered was what Sampo's originally presented
question, then you can assume your attacker would have enough resources to
pull off a TEMPEST van across the street, etc.
So do you want crypto to keep a rogue government out of your fiels, or
keep your kid sister from reading your email? etc...
An on screen virtual keyboard is much easier to see than a real keyboard
even by a shitty pinhole camera.  A real keyboard would have to be viewed
from above, otherwise, all you can do is infer the keystrokes - which
gives you a hint of what they are for a passphrase, but not much else.  On screen keyboard can be seen much easier and your mouse pointer gives
you away.
So it all depends on who "they" is.  Either way, if "they" believe you are
a nice jucy target, and their chances to net lots of data off your machine
are high, they will park the TEMPEST SUV outside your door.  Not much
question of that...
If "they" are watching everyone for patterns and you don't stick out like
a sore thumb, there's not much need for any of the above.
No, virtual keyboard won't save your ass.  Your ISP will had it over on a
plate along with trimmings (traffic logs, etc.)  If you're sharing MP3's
on Kazaa, you're easy to find, and logs are proof enough.  All the RIAA
troll has to do is download one song off your IP, prove it came from
your IP, and get the ISP to give them logs, and you're toast.  Doesn't
matter that your hard drive has since been wiped or encrypted or is
Using crypto to protect files you have already shared with the public is
neurotic as a security measure.
And if you do and are noticed, "they" will spend that money because you
will be an obvious and clear target.  If they can get away with "why don't
you just show us what you have - what do you have something to hide?" line
to cow sheeple into giving them access, in their mind, you'd be the one to
make their careers.
Again, what's your threat model, who is your attacker, how much are you
willing to spend on it?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-17 09:56:27
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
Absolutely.  Which is why people worried about security in this manner,
should move to LCD's. Not just for weakening TEMPEST signals, but also for
defeating optical TEMPEST... (and saving power.)  However I have to say
that from a purely user point of view, I like the way CRT's look much
better than LCD's.  CRT's tend to be richer and brighter than LCD's, and
their refresh rates are much better...
LCD's are still suceptible to TEMPEST monitoring, though there are far
less emissions since there isn't this great big nuclear particle
accelerator sitting infront of you :) (what? electrons are nuclear
particles. :)  But the signals from poorly shielded VGA cables can still
be picked up (as can those of keyboards, and other hardware.)
Other tricks include using more than one monitor (make sure they're all
the same brand/model, attached to video cards that are identical and
operating at the same resolution, depth, and refresh rate, and displaying
random junk, etc. + using tempest fonts on the non-decoy system.)
Better yet, use a notebook computer on battery power (so that power saving
mode comes intoplay) with several decoys as they'd (generally) dump much
less RF.  You could also add some shielding, but it's unlikely to help
very much...
I actually played with a fox & hound kit one day.  For those who never had
to run ethernet (CAT 3,5,5e,etc.) or phone cable, this consists of a pair
of tools: a tone injector that makes lots of noise, and a detector.  The
detector can pick up not just the signal from the tone injector, but also
lovely things such as 60Hz hum, phone conversations (in analog phones
anyhow), etc...  You can also learn to "hear" the different sounds various
things like 100BTx make and distinguish from - say, 10BT, or cable TV,
etc... with a cheap proble that doesn't filter...
I did find that when used on a keyboard, with some cheaper keyboards
anyway, you can "hear" the keystrokes and the key scanning pattern, and
that the individual keys are certainly distinctive enough - you could
probably hook this thing up to a sound card and figure out which keys send
what RF pattern...
So with the right recorder/relay/decoder hidden under someone's desk, you
could capture their keystrokes without disturbing epoxy or taking the
keyboard apart.  (As with all bugs, you'd need a power suply, some way to
intercept the data, and either some way to record the data, or relay it.  Relaying it, and hooking into existing power is better than just recording
it or using a battery as a source, because you don't need a 2nd blag bag
job to remove your bug and dump the data.)  Of course if the bug
transmits, it can be picked up in a sweep, but if the PC is on, the guy
doing the sweep might not realize that there's a bug since the PC is a
noise source... YMMV, etc.
So all this talk of expoying keyboards down is somewhat naive in light of
this.  Not to say that if you, hypothetically speaking, were in a position
to have a well funded, and determined set of enemies who were out to get
your data, that using expoxy to glue down your keyboard wouldn't frustrate
them, but rather to point out that there are other means and methods that
would more than ruin your day.  :)
The path of least resistance, again, is not to attract the attention of
such enemies in the first place.
But hey, if your threat model is your kid sister or RIAA, then much less
thought is perfectly fine.
[As with all my posts, "you" is always a fictional character, and in this
one, "you" switches from the guy trying to steal data to the guy trying to
protect data, YMMV,   ]

@_date: 2003-07-19 21:14:30
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Unsubtle Wetwork 
Yes supposedly, he went out to one of his regular walks and was found with
a slash wrist.  Something I'd imagine someone bent on offing themselves
would have a) a reason to do it (and be depressed or showing signs of
something being wrong), b) wouldn't go out on their normal walk which
they'd do every day, c) would do it in their home, or some place private,
and d) would have a note, e) would have left a will, f) be giving
away money and possessions to others ahead of time, etc...
Where was the knife, or razor or whatever "he used?"  Was
the cut done in a way that he could have done it himself?  I think I
remember it was on his left wrist, but am not sure, if so, was he a
righty, etc....
The normal walk is a very good indicator of just what "this" was.  Someone who wanted to kill him could easily use this as a predictable
pattern as to when and where to grab him and kill him.  Maybe he was
drugged so he wouldn't struggle and be able to get help before getting his
wrist slashed, etc.
This was extremely badly done, regardless of how many "independent
inquiries" Mr. Blair launches to cover it up^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H investigate
it, it's very blatant, and unbelieveable.  I'd tend to agree that this was
done to send a message out, and the suicide and "inquiry" B.S. will be
about as useful as the JFK assasination board, with far less of a media
eye on it.
Either way, Blair's credibility with the whole Iraq and Nukes is
fucked. This "suicide" adds a huge dark streak to his career...  Then
again, he might just be as Slick as Willie, and Mr. Kelly could become
another Vince Foster...  time will tell...
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-21 13:30:20
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: NYT: Report on USA Patriot Act Alleges Civil Rights Violations 
WASHINGTON, July 20 . A report by internal investigators at the Justice
Department has identified dozens of recent cases in which department
employees have been accused of serious civil rights and civil liberties
violations involving enforcement of the sweeping federal antiterrorism law
known as the USA Patriot Act.
The inspector general's report, which was presented to Congress last week
and is awaiting public release, is likely to raise new concern among
lawmakers about whether the Justice Department can police itself when its
employees are accused of violating the rights of Muslim and Arab
immigrants and others swept up in terrorism investigations under the 2001
The report said that in the six-month period that ended on June 15, the
inspector general's office had received 34 complaints of civil rights and
civil liberties violations by department employees that it considered
credible, including accusations that Muslim and Arab immigrants in federal
detention centers had been beaten.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-22 10:25:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
It's not going to be anonymous at all.  Remember, ATM's are always
protected by cameras.  If the digicash isn't anonymous, it's worthless.
Shit happens.  Just be happy you're not working at IBM.  It was leaked
that they're outsourcing to India, etc...
  see:  + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-22 14:52:58
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Fisk articles 
No, but googling around I found this gem:
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-22 15:25:35
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
I wonder if some sort of infrared LED laden bandana be made for the
benefit of the cameras. :)  Maybe something like those scrolling
blackboard things that say stuff...
It could say things like "I'm ANONYMOUS, Neener neener, nya, nya, nya"
I wonder what the guards would do then?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-23 11:42:06
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
You do have somewhat of a point, but consider this.  Real cash is
anonymous.  If you want to do electronic payments that are non-anonymous
you can simply use a credit card or debit card (or something like paypal,
egold), or for larger quanitities you can do wire transfers - so why would
we need yet another a non-anonymous "cash" that isn't cash?
Just because it's cool and we can call it electronic cash?  What's the
point?  Why would you bother building it?  Why would anyone bother using
Confusing the authorities is a dumb thing to consider as a reason.  They
will smarten up pretty quickly if they think you're doing something
illegal, and it won't make any difference what cool technical toys you
have used.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-23 12:42:35
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Dna samples of world leaders 
Bah! Saddam has become the new Eric Goldstien since Osama Bin Ladin is
quieter.  Perhaps the CIA's voice lab is better at cloning his
voice?  hence the poor quality audio tapes? I wonder how hard it is to capture a person's phoenems and feed it to
a good quality speech synth?  I wonder if recording it on a cheap tape
with a microphone will remove all traces of it being fake.  The hard part
will of course be getting the inflections right.
Perhaps if you tie a speech recognition system with a speech synth, the
recognition system might be able to detect inflection, tone, and rate, and
provide hints to the synth?  Wouldn't even have to work in real time.
Hey, if they were willing to push Hans Blix around until he called the
bastards and reported all the pressure to "find something" and offed David
Kelley, why not something like a Saddam Vactor? I'm sure they could even sprinkle the old DNA samples around some shack in
the woods of Iran or Saudi Arabia or something, along with some uranium or
anthrax samples and aluminu cylinders, as proof that they were harboring
him as a prelude to another invasion.  Why the fuck not?  50 states isn't
enough, and North America's getting too crowded, let's take over the
entire Middle East...
After that, let's take over France too and make them say "EMAIL" and eat
only McDonalds' cheeseburgers and drink only Budwiser.  But that can wait
until after we mine all of Liberia's diamonds... hey we can't afford
another war just yet, need to make money first...
The sky's the limit, just vote for Bush again, and after him Condoleeza
Rice can be our first female president with Ashcroft as VP.  We can be
very politically correct that way.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-23 17:17:08
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Dna samples of world leaders 
Right, just because Shrubb-ya and Blair lied to get congress to approve a
war on Iraq so he could steal the oil, it doesn't mean that Saddam was a
saint and that his human rights violations (read: torture, murder, rape,
pillage) could be dismissed, and he didn't deserve to be forced off the
The Hussein bunch got what they deserved.  Fuck'em.
What's disturbing is that "we" put that motherfucker in power, and
supplied him with the means to carry out his attrocies against his own
people, we fueld the fires of the Iran/Iraq war by feeding both sides with
weapons and intel, and so on.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-24 11:15:30
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Dna samples of world leaders 
Yes, brain fart. :)  s/b Emmanuel Goldstein.  Doh!  Need more coffee...
Yup, but you don't have to splice a tape, you can do it all digitally
these days, then create a signle low quality audiotape recorded so poorly
that your analyst won't be able to acurately say yes or not.
The real question is whether or not you can have a speech synth that can
put out convincing inflections, pauses, um's ah's, coughs, etc. to the
point that it sounds like a human with emotions, not a machine.  You can
get the samples from existing speeches/addresses and extract just the
phonemes.  Your speech synth's output shouldn't sound like a bunch of
clips of words of course. :)
I don't know how many phonemes would be required for a convinging Iraqi
leader...  For English there's like 30 something...  If you get them all
at the same tone from the same speech, you're set.
If you've ever played with MacOS's speech synth, they have some that are
somewhat realistic human voices, but they still speak with out human
sounding rythms - rather they sound like a human trying to imitate a
computer a la old Star Trek episodes. Add the inflections to get emotion
like sounds, and increase the quality of the synth so you don't hear
machine artifacts, and you're set.  It's not an easy problem, but neither
is it impossible.
As to DNA: Uh, I was talking about Sadam's palaces - lots of skin flakes,
clothes, hairs in combs, etc to be had there.  Ok, well that presumes that
sufficient samples were collected before the nice palace parties. :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-24 12:09:58
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Congresscritters want to be more... permanent 
Isn't that akin to when they vote themselves raises? :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-24 17:52:06
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
Nah, if you want sheer fuck you value photoshop them smoking crack pipes
while in an all out lezbo scene (make sure the other girls are of color -
preferably looking like they're from the middle east, some with
strap-ons)... include a gratiutous male donkey in there too.  Throw Jeb in
there for good measure - blowing the donkey.
If that doesn't shock his Xian-Fundie heart, I don't know what will.  :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-25 22:26:17
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
Hmmm, supposedly Saddam had previously issued a duel to the death
challenge to Dubbya, which he didn't take seriously... interesting
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-29 13:21:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the 
And to think they put Jim Bell in jail for doing the same exact thing!
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-29 15:38:06
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the  
Yeah, too bad, I would have liked to bet that Poindexter runs for
President or at least VP by 2020....   And that if he does make it, by
2024 we'll all be speaking fluent Mandarin...
Hey, after Nixon, Carter, Reagan, two Bushes and a Slick Willie, why the
hell not just vote for an outright criminal?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-07-31 10:34:51
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
Yes, but he's retired, so why would he be displeased. :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-01 12:23:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Nigerian Spammers Using TDD/TTY Telephone Relay Service 
I'm actually having fun with these fuckers.  Most of their spams contain a
request for a contact.  So I give them the phone number of the FBI, CIA,
WhiteHouse, and other agencies as a call back number with a note saying
"Yes, I'd love to help you, please call me back at _____ as soon as
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-03 10:03:04
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: web apps with large volumes of bidirectional http traffic 
Easy.  Setup an open http proxy and advertise it. :)  squid's your
friend. But your bandwidth will suffer so you may need some
bandwidth controls.  Then, watch the logs for statistics.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-03 11:00:07
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: The Streisand imagecriminal lives 2-3 parcels away from me 
That's all nice and good, but why should it be on cypherpunks?  Where's
the relevance to this list?  Why is Ken, or his addres or helipad an
interest to the cypherpunks?  Why is PG&E's monopolistic's actions against
him relevant to the topics of this list?
What's next?  The Cypherpunk Equirer?
IMHO, neither he, nor the Streisand creature have any relevance here -
there perhaps was some relevance in terms of that lawsuit the bitch
started, but, who gives a shit who your neighbors are?
Should I start spamming this list with details about my neighbors?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-04 11:07:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Depends on how it gets passed from the web servers to that computer.  If
it's encrypted with a public key on the web server that only the database
has the private half, you're safe from someone sniffing that "proprietary
one-way interface."
However, if somone's already broken into the web server, they can collect
the cc:'s before they get sent to the secure db.
So if you're an old Amazon customer and don't change your CC >BEFORE<
someone hacks into their web server, you're safe.
It's certainly better than storing all CC's on the web server.
Now if those CC's are in raw text on the DB end, Amazon is up shit's creek
if someone walks away with a db dump, backup tape, or whatever.
I don't claim to know what they're using, but long, long time ago, in
another galaxy, I used to work with a product from OpenMarket that worked
similarly, but they held all credit cards encrypted in the DB making it
much harder.  (Of course if you have the key it's as good as cleartext,
but it was at least another layer of protection.)
Ultimately they'll need either a cybercash interface or some interface to
a bank to charge your card.  If the bad guy intercepts at that level or
gets unencrypted access to the DB, or you change your CC while the web
server is compromised, you are in for some interesting CC statements.
However, this is in a lot of ways MORE secure than handing that waiter or
store clerk your CC.  Remember that nice yellow slip has your signature,
CC number and expiration date on it.  Very useful for an attacker.  Infact, they likely had physical access to the CC and have that extra 3
digit # on the back too. Some stores even ask for your driver's license to prove that you are you,
which at least in NY has your date of birth and address as well.  Even
more useful to the evildoer.  If they can also get your SSN on top of
that, you're at their mercy.  Think about any credit application type
transactions....  these days, buying (some) cell phones, or car, or
signing up for satelite TV requires these.
I feel safer with Amazon's use of my CC than the above, don't you?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-10 10:22:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
It's simple.  It solves the problem that Microsoft Salesmen have.  In
order to sell shit, you have to make it look like gold.  Cee Eee Ohs have
heard it said that Microsoft software is insecure crap.  Now the Microsoft
Salesmen can do fancy demos with pretty colors and slick Operators Are
standing By, Act Now, *New*, Don't Delay, Improved, Secure, Bells Whistles
and Coolness demos and sign the suckers up.
Just like the wonderful ads that peppered NYC when Ex-Pee came out saying
"Reliable, and Secure."
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-10 10:28:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
Yes, >NOW< if you can load yourself into kernel space, you can do anything
and everything - Thou Art God to quote Heinlein.  This is true of every
OS.  Except if you add that nice little TCPA bugger which can verify the
kernel image you're running is the right and approved one. Q.E.D.
Look at the XBox hacks for ideas as to why it's not a trival issue, but
even so, one James Bond like buffer overflow in something everyone will
have marked as trusted (say IE 8.0, or a specially crafted Word 2005
macro), and the 3v1l h4x0r party is back on and you iz ownz0red once more.
It's not enough to fear Microsoft, you must learn to love it.  Give us 2
minutes of hate for Linux now brother!
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-11 10:56:21
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: An attack on paypal 
The worst trouble I've had with https is that you have no way to use host
header names to differentiate between sites that require different SSL
i.e.    can't all live on the same IP and
have individual ssl certs for https. :(  This is because the cert is
exchanged before the http 1.1 layer can say "I want  So you need to waste IP's for this.  Since the browser standards are
already in place, it's unlikely to be to find a workaround.  i.e. be able
to switch to a different virtual host after you've established the ssl
session.  :(
Personally I find thawte certs to be much cheaper than verisign and they
work just as well.
In any case, anyone is free to do the same thing AlterNIC did - become
your own free CA.  You'll just have to convince everyone else to add your
CA's cert into their browser.  You might be able to get the Mozilla guys
to do this, good luck with the beast of Redmond though.
Either way, having a pop-up isn't that big deal so long as you're sure of
the site you're connecting to.
In either case, we wouldn't need to worry about paying Verisign or anyone
else if we had properly secured DNS.  Then you could trust those pop-up
self-signed SSL cert warnings.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-11 11:07:20
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: An attack on paypal 
The problem with these stop crackers and hackers by law is that it allows
software developers to get away with leaving huge gaping security holes
unfixed.  Anecodatal evidence: The classic well known Robin Hood and Friar
Tuck "hack".
These days, the bug wouldn't get fixed and the guys reporting it would
wind up in jail because they "convinced" the OS authors to fix the
bug.  IMHO, not the right way to go at all.
from scroll down a bit more than half way down the page (also available from most other GNU sources)
     Back in the mid-1970s, several of the system support staff at
     Motorola discovered a relatively simple way to crack system
     security on the Xerox CP-V timesharing system.  Through a simple
     programming strategy, it was possible for a user program to trick
     the system into running a portion of the program in `master mode'
     (supervisor state), in which memory protection does not apply.  The
     program could then poke a large value into its `privilege level'
     byte (normally write-protected) and could then proceed to bypass
     all levels of security within the file-management system, patch the
     system monitor, and do numerous other interesting things.  In
     short, the barn door was wide open.
     Motorola quite properly reported this problem to Xerox via an
     official `level 1 SIDR' (a bug report with an intended urgency of
     `needs to be fixed yesterday').  Because the text of each SIDR was
     entered into a database that could be viewed by quite a number of
     people, Motorola followed the approved procedure: they simply
     reported the problem as `Security SIDR', and attached all of the
     necessary documentation, ways-to-reproduce, etc.
     The CP-V people at Xerox sat on their thumbs; they either didn't
     realize the severity of the problem, or didn't assign the necessary
     operating-system-staff resources to develop and distribute an
     official patch.
     Months passed.  The Motorola guys pestered their Xerox
     field-support rep, to no avail.  Finally they decided to take
     direct action, to demonstrate to Xerox management just how easily
     the system could be cracked and just how thoroughly the security
     safeguards could be subverted.
     They dug around in the operating-system listings and devised a
     thoroughly devilish set of patches.  These patches were then
     incorporated into a pair of programs called `Robin Hood' and `Friar
     Tuck'.  Robin Hood and Friar Tuck were designed to run as `ghost
     jobs' (daemons, in UNIX terminology); they would use the existing
     loophole to subvert system security, install the necessary patches,
     and then keep an eye on one another's statuses in order to keep the
     system operator (in effect, the superuser) from aborting them.
     One fine day, the system operator on the main CP-V software
     development system in El Segundo was surprised by a number of
     unusual phenomena.  These included the following:
        * Tape drives would rewind and dismount their tapes in the
          middle of a job.
        * Disk drives would seek back and forth so rapidly that they
          would attempt to walk across the floor (see {walking drives}).
        * The card-punch output device would occasionally start up of
          itself and punch a {lace card}.  These would usually jam in
          the punch.
        * The console would print snide and insulting messages from
          Robin Hood to Friar Tuck, or vice versa.
        * The Xerox card reader had two output stackers; it could be
          instructed to stack into A, stack into B, or stack into A
          (unless a card was unreadable, in which case the bad card was
          placed into stacker B).  One of the patches installed by the
          ghosts added some code to the card-reader driver... after
          reading a card, it would flip over to the opposite stacker.
          As a result, card decks would divide themselves in half when
          they were read, leaving the operator to recollate them
          manually.
     Naturally, the operator called in the operating-system developers.
     They found the bandit ghost jobs running, and X'ed them... and were
     once again surprised.  When Robin Hood was X'ed, the following
     sequence of events took place:
          !X id1
          id1: Friar Tuck... I am under attack!  Pray save me!
          id1: Off (aborted)
          id2: Fear not, friend Robin!  I shall rout the Sheriff
               of Nottingham's men!
          id1: Thank you, my good fellow!
     Each ghost-job would detect the fact that the other had been
     killed, and would start a new copy of the recently slain program
     within a few milliseconds.  The only way to kill both ghosts was to
     kill them simultaneously (very difficult) or to deliberately crash
     the system.
     Finally, the system programmers did the latter --- only to find
     that the bandits appeared once again when the system rebooted!  It
     turned out that these two programs had patched the boot-time OS
     image (the kernel file, in UNIX terms) and had added themselves to
     the list of programs that were to be started at boot time.
     The Robin Hood and Friar Tuck ghosts were finally eradicated when
     the system staff rebooted the system from a clean boot-tape and
     reinstalled the monitor.  Not long thereafter, Xerox released a
     patch for this problem.
     It is alleged that Xerox filed a complaint with Motorola's management
     about the merry-prankster actions of the two employees in question.
     It is not recorded that any serious disciplinary action was taken
     against either of them.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-12 10:58:58
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: sic transit blix 
June 12, 2003
London - Chief United Nations weapons inspector Hans
Blix, in an interview published yesterday, accused U.S. officials of
mounting a smear campaign against him.
 "But toward the end, the [Bush] administration leaned on us."
and more of the same here:
Not that any of this is in any way unexpected.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-14 15:17:22
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Microsoft, TCPA, your wallet and the real ending of the story. 
Indeed.  If it's coming from Redmond, and as usual if it smells of evil, there is
an utterly simple solution in dealing with it:  don't buy it.  Don't buy
Microsoft software, don't buy motherboards that include TCPA capabilities.  When you're up for getting yourself a new PC, get a generic one without
such options, or if you insist, call the vendor and tell them you want a
box without evil-inside and without a Redmond OS pre-installed.
Buy a generic intel/amd machine without the "Secure" processor, or give
Steve Jobs some of your cash for a nice G4/G5 machine, or you can go to a
generic PowerPC motherboard and run Linux, or you can go to McNeally's
shop and buy an UltraSPARC, etc.  There are plenty to choose from.
If you find uses for TCPA, by all means, have fun.  If you think Microsoft's secured from you OS platforms are the way to go
for you, by all means, Ballmer and Gates surely could make better use of
more of your cash than you can.
Vote with your wallet.  The market will ultimately dictate what M$ will
and will not sell in regards to operating systems, digital rights
management, application suites, and so forth.  End of story.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-14 15:30:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
Um, how's that agin?  How does Ballmer and Gates force you, Adam Shostack
to run Microsoft Office?  Did they put a gun to your head?  Did they
manage to twist Congress's arms to put a gun to your head?
Compatibility you say?  Well, that's your choice.  You can decide if it's
important enough to you and act accordingly.  I personally think MSFT is
evil, and provides nothing but mediocre software.  So I vote with my
wallet by not paying them for their junk and I won't buy upgrades of their
software if the previous versions do what I needed, and install Linux and
OpenBSD on new machines.
Yes, some of the older shittier machines I have run Windows, but that's
because I'm either too lazy to track down drivers for Linux or want them
to continue running what they run.  Doesn't mean I have to go to XP or
Yes, my work machine runs win2k, but I didn't pay for it, and I didn't
have much choice in it - actually I could either quit and find a new job
(really lots of fun in this economy) or reinstall Linux over it and live
with Open Office and other open tools or have paid for Crossover office
out of my pocket, etc.  Wasn't worth the trouble and we already have a
site license for win2k + office 2k, so that's the path I went.   Not my
money, the company's money.  They chose to pay the Redmond Beast, so what
do I care?
But for home use, I have no real use for much more than OpenOffice and
Linux.  There's no need for me to pirate garbage from Microsoft.  I can
live without it.  These are some old pentium1- 100Mhz notebook machines I have that came
with Windows 95 and 98 - turd OS's really, but they serve a purpose - mp3
players and light web surfing in my living room and other places for
example.  And before you ask, no, I didn't pirate the mp3's.  They're all
ripped from CD's that I owned, and I still have the CD's as proof of
ownership.  Yes, I could go to linux on them, but why bother wasting half
a day tracking down drivers and tuning kernels for them when they're
already built and working the way I want them to?
So why do you feel it's required of you to either pay Microsoft for, or
pirate Office XP and Server 2003 and TCPA enabled junkware?  What's so
important that you can't live without them.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-14 15:52:25
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Microsoft, TCPA, your wallet and the real ending of the 
Right now, Intel, AMD, Transmeta, IBM+Motorola (PowerPC), Sun+Fuji+Tatung
(UltraSPARC + clones), whomever is left making MIPS Rx000 chip based
machines after SGI (Is sgi still making Irix boxes?) and so on.
If you want TCPA, by all means, go have fun buying a motherboard with it
and run whatever OS meets your needs, and if none do, feel free to write
your own extensions for Linux, *BSD, etc.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-14 16:29:23
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
Oh get over it.  There are other formats.  You ever heard of
XML?  HTML? RTF?
If the day comes where MS Office DRM only works with MS Office DRM, how
many people will switch to it?  If your company is willing to switch to
it, then they'll give you a PC with it on it.  If they don't, then they
can't expect you to interact with them via such formats and can't require
you to do so.
You sound like someone's holding a gun to your head and requiring you to
have MS Office.
Either way, you can ask them to export to other document formats which you
can read.  Even now Office will export to HTML for example which is
readable by Mozilla and other browsers.
Microsoft is not the DMV.  You don't need to use their software.
And no, I will never be part of your problem because the documents I will
create for non work use will be made with Open Office or will be plain
text, html, or xml files.
If I'm required to use a DRM'ed Office for work, then fine, my company
owns those documents anyway and they can do whatever the fuck they like
with them either way.   It doesn't matter to me at all -- it's their call,
it's their company, it's their documents.
But, for personal use, I won't buy any upgrades or new Microsoft
software.  End of story.
Either way, how much a revolt do you think there will be if Microsoft
decides to lock down their tools (such as word) to the point where they
can no longer export to HTML, plain text, RTF should the author wish it to do so and provides whatever passphrases or ID's needed to unlock
the document and export it out?
Who would buy such a dog of a product?  Do you think businesses are so
stupid that they'd put up with a product that jails them in?  Get real
son, you're howling at the moon!
On one hand you're bitching that you have to use Microsoft software on the
other you're complaining that I'm using it while I'm telling you I don't
want to and don't care to and won't upgrade to it.
You want to make a difference?  Go ahead, wipe every bit of Microsoft
wares off all your machines and burn the CD's you've installed them
from.  Go all open source and show others the right way.  I'd
have some respect for you for voting with your wallet and practicing what
you preach.
Right now all you're doing is bitching that you're forced to buy and use
Microsoft Office.  I say that's bullshit, and you know it.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-16 09:23:29
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: phreq? 
+ ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-18 16:36:14
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: 1st amend, thoughtcrime, schools as pipelines to jail 
Anyone got a "cypherpunks/cypherpunks" like login for the turd of a login?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-19 12:25:55
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Destroying government computers 
I think Herr Hatch has a wonderful idea.... no really, think about it, all
of a sudden people will start THINKING about the security implications of
the garbage scumware they run on their machines and they'll have to
install things like firewalls and harderned operating systems.  They'll also move out of Microsoft's paper-bag security of windblows in
droves.  Just to be able to run P2P clients and still remain secure, Linux
and *BSD's will become even more popular.
Even better think how wonderful the headline will be when some dork in the
army is running a P2P client on his work machine and the RIAA destroys
it.  Why that would be destroying and hacking into .mil property!  A
treasonous terrorist act against the government!
So RIAA will be in deep shit.  If some hospital drone does the same and
RIAA kills the machine, that's hacking and damaging a computer vital to
life support...  The effects of such a law aren't all that bad. RIAA gets to die a nice
horrible death, as does Microsoft.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-06-19 16:14:35
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [NTLK] OT: Dictatorial Powers (fwd) 
Nice (offtopic to that list) discussion over on the NewtonTalk mailing
list.... :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------
---------- Forwarded message ----------
We nearly got that in Texas last month when the Republicans tried to
Jerrymander out the Democrats. The Democrats actually had to go to Oklahoma
to squash the quorum on redistricting. The Republican Governor, Rick Perry,
sent the Texas Rangers to bring them back. Texas Rangers do not have
jursdiciton in OK.
It was also reported that Tom Delay, US house Republican, used the special
powers granted to fight terrorism to get the Democrats out of Oklahoma.
Land of the free!

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:49:25
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Ah, perhaps there is hope for you yet.  Perhaps you're starting to read an
entire message before just doing a knee-jerk reply.  Perhaps I should read
more of your posts again.  Too bad you replied to this before reading it
and realizing it... but there's hope...
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-01 09:58:01
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
Not that I've been there, but the last I heard, China was still an almost
totalitarian communist state and free travel in China is not possible.  In
all likelyhood the hotel he stayed at is one where all westerners
stay.  It's also possible that airline schedules being what they are
provided reasons for the same day arrival departure coincidences.
As for the hotel not having a record of him, it could be they misplaced
it, or more likely misspelled his name, etc, or he didn't want to be
tracked so he used Mike Smith...
Many things are possible, not all have to be true.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-01 10:05:22
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Why would Bob be unable to strip off all signatures, process the sound
file to whiten off any watermarking and re-sell it without authentication
signatures under another nym with it's own reputation?  What would stop Bob from turning the sound file into a plain .ogg or .mp3
with no signatures and reselling millions of copies for 1/1000th the cost,
or even for free.  Or have Bob be the front of a pool of purchasers who
couldn't pay Alice her fees on their own, so they each chip in 1/100th of
the cost?
Why would Bob's "clients" care if the cost was low enough, or just
casually traded?
Perhaps using music as a model isn't so wise.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-01 10:08:16
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: VANGUARD: May Day (fwd) 
ChoateReputationCapital-=100 (for positing pro communist spam.)
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-01 10:20:33
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
Really they are?  If Joe P2P User wants to hear a Metallica song, does he
really give a shit who signed it and said it was authentic?  Is it the
signature or the song what he's after?  Go find some P2P users and ask
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-01 11:47:49
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Fine, I'll take on your arguement.
Humans want private property because of the kind of creatures that we
are.  We want homes, not just for shelter but as an extension of our
identities.  This is why people decorate their homes.  Decorations don't serve as something to prevent exposure to extreme
weather.  Nor do they provide food, food storage, food preparation, or a
place to sleep.  They provide entertainment - which we own.
We own appliances not for their decorative abilities - though you could if
you wanted to - i.e. chrome retro toasters and such, but for their ability
to help us store/prepare our food, or keep our clothes clean.
We own radio's, TV's VCR's, DVD players, stereos, etc. because they
entertain us when we are bored.
These things are all property.  Few people in modern countries would give
these items up to live in a tent.
But say you do live in a tent, at that point, the tent is your property
and is of immense value as are clothes and tools - they help your
survival.  Would you give them up?  Only if you didn't need them (for
instance you might have had spares.)
Land also serves as a property - there are many other creatures who are
territorial and also view the places of their shelters as their property.
Birds build nests, etc... cats (large and small) as well as dogs and other
canines mark their territory.  This is something that is instinctual and
with it comes the concept of "This is mine, I will protect it to keep
it" and so on.  If you're going to try and argue against property ownership, try taking a
t-bone from the mouth of a big dog.  Also for example, my dad's dog likes
to play property games too.  If I shake a plastic bag or a piece of paper
around, he'll come over a grab it and hold on to it.  He won't let go of
it until I let go of it.  He let's it drop to the floor - if I try to take
it off the floor, he puts his paw on it, and if I continue, he'll bite to
protect it.  Dogs understand property.  So do cats.  Ever have a cat rub
it's head on you?  It's not showing affection, it's just marking you as
it's property.
All of this predates laws, governments and even modern humans.  Property
becomes an extension or a tool of the individual.  Birds nests for
example, and Bowers which don't serve as a shelter - but more as art
intended to attract female bower birds for mating, etc.
Once you start from there, private property makes sense, and is no longer
in question - except if you're a Marxist/communist which goes against this
ingrained relationship to property and therefore is doomed to fail.
Private ownership of land is no different.  Some peoples don't have this
concept, they are nomads, but like it or not, they too must live off the
land.  Afer all, their either hunt or plant vegetation or both.  For the
time, the land is under their care.  They may move on frequently and not
attach themselves to it, but there is always a camp, or a caravan or
something that is property.
Now, the original arguement was about smoking and being up or downwind
from someone's cigarette.  It was on the street - something which is
considered non-private property or the commons.   Being exposed forcibly to second hand smoke was the gripe, and banishment
of the act of exposing others to second hand smoke by the law in places
such as Pubs and restaurants was the core of the arguement.
At some point, Harmon chimed in with the idiotic idea that all smoking
should be banned on public streets because he hates walking behind someone
who is smoking.  But this is an issue of the commons.
One is free to simply be elsewhere. Another street, another side of the
street, another city, or even one's property.  One is not forced to
breathe another's exhaust.  While on the street, it's not your property,
and hence you can't declare that the guy infront of you must stop smoking
because he's violating your property rights so long as you can move out of
the way of that smoke.  You're also welcome to wear gas masks or whatever
(let's ignore the fact that the cops will think you a suspect for
something for the sake of the arguement.)
Point is that street, and that air is not your property, it's shared
property - and hence not subject to your whims, likes and distates, but
upto the community to decide its usage.  If a large enough population who
uses said street wishes to smoke there, then the whims of a small minority
of who are offended by second hand smoke should not force the rules to
be changed.
As to why some people get red faced when private property gets mentioned,
it's very simple: the ones mentioning it are usually the ones interested
in taking it away (read theft.)  For example: communists, socialists, fascists, dictators and totalitarians
in every form, cultists, and mobsters.  Some may believe in thir professed
(and flawed) ideals, but in the end, they are governed by greed or are
making the way for those who are governed by greed to steal said private
property.  Especially when they claim such gems as private ownership of imovable
items such as land or what's built on them is senseless.  Tell that to
countries, states, cities, neighborhoods and so forth.
It's after all, not just about trying to live a better life.  It's true
that trying to live a better life is a huge goal.  Hence, the grass is
always greener on the other side.  But it's mainly about property, not
everyone gets the concept - until they actually live in a commune (or
under a totalitarian regime) and find out first hand why it doesn't work.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-01 11:55:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: patriotism considered evil 
You should have asked them if they thought we should return The Statue of
Liberty back to France.
 + ^ + :NSA got $20Bil/year |Passwords are like underwear. You don't /|\
  \|/  :and didn't stop 9-11|share them, you don't hang them on your/\|/\
<--*-->:Instead of rewarding|monitor, or under your keyboard, you   \/|\/
  /|\  :their failures, we  |don't email them, or put them on a web  \|/
 + v + :should get refunds! |site, and you must change them very often.
--------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-01 13:43:31
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
No, not at all.  Trying to live a better life is a larger goal.  What I
said is that property and the idea of it is much larger and older than
humans and that even dogs and cats have it, and that it's not just
utilitarian in value.  I never claimed that by using property one is just
aiming to live a better life, but that the concept of property existed
before humans and is something we have in common with other creatures on
this land.
This isn't the same thing as wanting to live better, though it certainly
is one means to do so.  There is a distinction between the two.  Sure, you
would willing trade one property that was unnecessary for one that was
desired, and this is where trade and economics comes in, etc.  But do we
want property for the purpose of improving our lives or just owning
it?  Hard to tell.
Do dogs have goals to live better lives, or do they live day to day?  How
can we tell one way or another?
Back to smoker's rights: in terms of the commons, I'm not a lawyer, and
don't play one on TV, nor do I strive to be a poly-tick-ian.  What I do
know is that the community gets to set the standards of living and what is
acceptable, neither the 10-pack-per-day smoker, nor the hypersensitive
loon get to do that.  This is why we vote, etc.
Even those ascetics who give up their property aren't really doing
so.  They still have to eat - the food becomes property.  They have to
pray, their temple/church/mosque becomes their home and property, etc.
I do not buy the theory that humans as a race can do without the concept
of property.  Even in pure Marxist communism (which to me is pure
unworkable bullshit), the community owns property which is what
distinguishes it from the non-community, and punishes those who steal from
it.  You can't have theft unless you had property to begin with, right?  They share property, so they own it communally as partners.  But the
tendancy to own personal private property isn't necessarily extinguished,
and as soon as you have leaders or respected elders, etc., they tend to
own more of that shared property than the community by virtue of being
able to influence the others.  At which point, it falls apart in terms of
an egalitarian state.
We aren't saying exactly same things... similar perhaps.  I agree that
there are a lot of ways to secure a better life.  I disagree that giving
up some/all property is one of them for example, and see seeking and
defending of property as something inherent to humans and other creatures
as separate than (perhaps overlapping with) the hope of improving one's
Perhaps it may work for some, but I don't see how it would.  In the end,
all existence is property.  The food you eat becomes your property even if
it hadn't been yours initially.  The air you breathe is yours - you claim
it as soon as you breathe.  The clothes you wear are yours until you give
them to another (voluntarily or by force), the thoughts you have are yours
and so are your memories, your body is yours, etc.
To negate any of the above means that you are some other entity's slave -
not your own property but another's - either a slave to a community or a
dictator of whatever sort.  Even family is based on property - though we may not own people in the
sense of slavery.
But we say "My girlfriend, my wife, by husband, my boyfriend, my uncle, my
neice, my father, mother, etc."  There is a sense of property there as
well.  Even in 'my country, my king, my elected official, my street, my
neighborhood, my bus (i.e. I missed my bus because I was late by 3
minutes), my cold (as in "you caught my cold.")'
So we're back to property as a state of existance whichever way you twist
it.  Without the atoms, the bits can't exist.  Chosen atoms are property.  So
are the bits traveling from MY keyboard, to MY CPU, throught MY ethernet
card, through the router on MY network, etc.
And so we have yet another memme surface - one has existed for millenia.  But this one expression of it IS MINE. :)  And ok, partially yours because
your words and thoughts led to it's creation, and partially the property
of others here who participated in it...
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-02 11:21:05
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Capitalism and economic struggles 
What part of "Don't impose your ideals on others" do you not understand?
Yes, someone may chose to smoke at a time which is convenient for you, but
why should you be able to dictate that to someone else?  Mind your own
fucking business - even if it's just hypothetical.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-02 18:29:17
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this  
I find it marginally useful to have the trolls around, then you can build
better and better arguements against their supid ideas - it's a good, but
wasted excercise.  It's something like building better mouse traps - only
sadly, these mice don't learn, so the challenge just isn't there.
If you're bored, you can tweak them, otherwise in the .procmailrc they go.
But did you notice how all the spams about "How to build a pipe bomb with
stuff that came out from my ass" have vanished in the last few years?  I
do suspect some of those were morons from AOL (or other unthinking zones
on the net), but some of those AOL morons were FedZ.  Or so we gather from
the fun of the Jimmy B/otoT trials.
It wouldn't surprise me to find some of the current trolls are FedZ.  Wasn't there something in police tests, where if you're too smart you
can't be a cop - because you'd be bored?  I wonder if that applies to FedZ
too?  It would certainly explain the lack of intelligence these neo-trolls
Where are Dr. Denning and Sterndark when you need a good fight to pick,
eh? (Retheroical: I know Denning changed her tune a while ago...) 8^)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-05 15:18:25
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Capitalism and economic struggles 
I actually don't impose my ideals.
I do however urge others to accept and adopt them.  Point in case, you
have assumed that I smoke.  I actually don't, and never have (past the odd
one or two cigarettes that I've tried back when I was young, and found I
didn't like.)
That in and of itself should give you an inkling of why I believe my
ideals are correct.
Incase it's not, consider this:
I'm not imposing, I'm asking.  I don't have a law book to thump, nor a gun
to point at you, nor a cop waiting to arrest you if you disagree with what
I say.  Nor am I asking for such laws to prevent or limit others in
similar ways.
On the other hand, some trolls around here, wish to do just that, in order
to impose their ideals on all of us (in various cities.)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-06 13:32:38
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Capitalism and monopolism 
Unfortunately MSFT has enough clout with hardware manufacturers to
dictacte what future PC's will be and attempt to keep them closed.
i.e. MSFT's Athens:
And tablet PC's.
It's not as if they can fully push other designs out of the market, but if
there are few places that linux, *bsd, and other OS's can run, they have
vast control.  This design is closer and closer to the Mac - and for good
There is hope and precedent in that when IBM attempted to lock the market
into Microchannel they failed miserably - but only because the other hw
manufacturers decided to not pay the IBM tax.  If the few remaining PC
makers decide to go the MSFT way, the industry is Bill's.   IBM probably
won't, but who knows what HP, Dell, etc. will be willing to put up with.
There will probably always be generic x86, ppc boards, and possibly
Macintoshes and Sun workstations... but... :(
The thing that would allow MSFT to gain this sort of monopoly is the
DMCA.  It needs to be repealed.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-07 13:31:31
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
I've never met BillG, however, I do have an anecdote to share.  I was at
some MSFT bells and whistles demo a long while ago - before even WIn95
came out.
Bill came out on stage, did some short intro, and went off stage, some
mimes came on stage, did their dance.  Now, meanwhile I heard lots of
shouting from the right side of the stage (I was in the front rows on the
right) and after the mimes went away, out came BillG with now messed up
hair.  Apparently he took offense at his hair dressers.
Admitedly this has little to do with your message, on the surface, but to
me it does indicate that he's far less tolerant than most people of
whatever it is that pisses him off, and isn't opposed to show it.  Various
books on BillG take this view of him a well.  Perhaps BillG doesn't alow others to interrupt or disrupt his
concentration?  Or perhaps he's just plain old anti-social?
I don't see this as a disease that we'd need a new drug for.  If anything,
the public's being dumbed down and exposed to repeated bullshit in the
form of advertising every few minutes, cheap TV programming, etc. I'm not
saying that this causes a real disease, but it takes away from one's
ability to concentrate for long periods of time.
about an hour and a half to two hours of information when learning before
tuning out.  Some much less.  But things like commercial interruptions,
and the annoying pop-up mini-ads at the bottom of the TV screen are
hurting the ability of the viewer to concentrate.
Perhaps the long term effects of this is that people are being dumbed down
and losing their ability to concentrate - thus ADD like symptoms might be
appearing from this.  (I don't know - I don't play a neurosurgeon on TV
either.  It's just my guess of what I see.)
IMHO - things like video games enhance this ability - you have to
concentrate on the game to win - and if the game can go on for a long
time, I suspect the excercise in stretching the time spent will help you
be able to concentrate for longer periods of time.
Perhaps being intelligent or being able to focus on a topic for a long
time makes Joe Mediocre Psychoanalyst uncomfortable, so he invents
Asperger's Syndrome to cope?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-09 11:55:43
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
Who cares?  How fast did Ip6 proliferate again?  Right.  So why expect
that normal SMTP will be banished?  And even if it is, you can always run
your own alternate server without the PIT bulshit.
If we turn the problem on it's head, all servers should use TLS and
identify themselves to each other as well as encrypt the traffic.  This
way, you can weed our spammers by eliminating known spam servers and it
won't kill remailers.
Speaking of which, what's to stop a remailer from using a verisign
signed PIT anyway after removing the original?  Exit nodes of remailers
are traceable anyway.  Even so, there's always the opportunity for self signed or test PIT's,
If by "receiving email software" we're talking about your mail program, it
doesn't matter much at all.  If we mean an MTA (sendmail, postfix, qmail)
then it becomes an issue only when you don't control the MTA.  Which they
claim will not happen during the transition phase.
"The Tripoli Pit concept does not require that all senders' messages be
authenticated to the same level. It would be completely possible for a
sender to generate a message (and associated Pit) that was not fully
authenticated or that even was anonymous (within the bounds of associated
MTAs/relays and the underlying Internet or local operating system
environments to offer anonymous messages or transport parameters).
"It is recognized that there are important situations where it may be
highly desirable to receive e-mail from poorly- authenticated or
completely unauthenticated sources, for example, in the case of a
whistleblower submission address, government agencies, or a range of other
There certainly is the danger that everyone would opt to not accept
anonymous emails, but then alternate means of communication would stil
proliferate... say like usenet, but over p2p nets, or whatever.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-09 17:40:05
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
No, no, no.  Whales should be lightly roasted over a charcoal grill after
being properly marinated in olive oil, vinegar, salt and pepper.  Microwaved whale meat just tastes aweful.  There's nothing worse than
tasteless food. :)
As for dolphins, A1 is the way to go - or you can do chicken fried dolphin
steaks. :^)  Yumm!
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-12 13:52:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email?  
And what about people that use something underpowered like a Palm IV to
send email?  Does it really make sense to force their little dragonball
powered machines to do a whole lot of math?
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-13 13:15:23
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email?  
That's not the fucking point.  What about people sending emails from two
way pagers such as blackberries? cell phones? danger hiptop's? other such
devices?  handsprings with the cell phone plug in, cell phones that are
also pilots? something sitting in an embedded controller that has a tiny
tcp stack and sends status emails?
Not every object capable of sending email is going to be reprogrammable,
nor will it have the proper CPU power to sit there and crunch a problem.
Further, what about anonymous mail from remailers?  no return address
This is a lame way to get rid of spam and puts strain on the sender to
prove he's not a spammer.  Do you really think someone is going to sit
there and do a puzzle in her head just so she can send you an email from
her blackberry just because RIM or whatever network hasn't adopted your
pet anti-spam authentication project?  No, she'll give up and not send you
the email.
If something is a suspected spam, it's not necessarily correct to have it
prove itself by replying to a challenge.  It may not be possible to do so,
or may be a hassle to the sender.  It's upto you to set your filters
correctly or make sure that things that aren't spams aren't marked as
such. Either way, this is not going to work.  It sounds good in theory, sure,
but in real life, who's going to bother going through the hassles?  How
many millions of ISP's are you going to have to convince?  How many
thousands of SMTP servers and mail clients are going to need to change?
And even if you do succeede in making the above happen, which you won't,
what makes you think the spammers won't just pool their resources together
and buy clusters of machines to authenticate themselves past such schemes?  Intel hardware is very cheap these days and getting cheaper.
They'll just raise their costs and charge their clients more for "Super
duper guaranteed to be delivered past the spam filters spams."  $1 for a
million spams, $100 for a thousand guaranteed to be delivered past
the filter spams.  Think like they do.  Thinking like a geek is great.  But if you want real
people to use your stuff, the hassle factor is a huge thing to overcome.  And if the spammers simply get around the problem, then what?  Pass laws?
Ok, how are your CA or TX anti-spam laws going to apply to some shithole
ISP in Afghanistan?  So you find their IP's, so what?  Sue them?  Go
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-14 09:40:36
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Email send 
Yeah, and half of those are root@ postmaster@ webmaster@ hostmaster@ all@
info@ nobody@ bin@ sys@ daemon@ administrator and so on...
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-14 09:57:28
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
Yes, but how will you stop the spammer from double spending the same $0.25
micropayment on all of his 170,000 email addresses?  Depending on whether
you check that there is a payment attached or not, and also check it with
the bank before delivering it, you'd have already wasted your bandwith and
possibly have accepted a spam into your mail spool.
At that point you have: 1. already had a slice of your bandwidth eaten by the spammer, plus some
cpu cycles verifying that there exists a coin.  Spammer +1, you -1.
2. You now have to verify that the coin is a coin and not just some random
junk - you waste some cpu cycles here.   If you don't validate that the
coin hasn't been doubly spent, you haven't made that $0.25 and have
accepted a spam - not that you will personally read it, but your system
did (cpu, bandwith and some disk storage until it throws it to the hungry maw of /dev/null.)  spammer +1, you -2.
3. Presumably you'll want to validate/cash the coin.  If you do, you'll
need to talk to the bank in order to prevent the spammer from double
spending and to actually collect your quarter v-cash.  By doing that on a
spam, you're taking part of a DDoS against the bank as only the 1st guy on
the spammer's list to talk to the bank will get the coin - because
everyone presumably will chose to cash the coin.  If you don't cash nor
validate the coin with the bank, you haven't made your vquarted, spammer
+10 point, you -1, bank -10,000.
The spammer doesn't give a shit, he just wants to get as many emails out
there as possible.  In fact, he mostly doesn't care whether you filter or
not - he makes his money when he sends the spam, not when you read it.  Of course, he can charge more for "real, verified" email addresses, but
that's less important.
What's the score again?  Oh yeah, game over, insert quarter to play again.
A beautiful example of creating a cryptographic solution that doesn't
quite work in real life.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-14 10:02:42
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: what fields to hash with hashcash (Re: A Trial Balloon to 
And what happens when there's a network outage and a message gets stuck in
the queue for a day on another server?  You know a backup MX server when
yours is hosed?
Do you not accept the mail because the current day doesn't match what's in
the message?  Or do you accept mails from a day ago?  a week ago? a year
ago? 1922?
2nd, why wouldn't the spammer just adjust and send an email to each
recipient with a random, but properly hashed token to match the target
address + today's date?  More work for sure, but if enough targets start
adopting it, the spammer will adapt.  The token doesn't have to contain an
actual valid coin, and you'll only find out when you try to cash it.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-14 12:11:50
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
The current cost to the spammer is currently nearly zero.  To add hash
generation for each email might slow things down a bit, but throwing more
hardware at it gets around this.  Hardware is cheap, and old out of date
PC's are plentiful.  The bandwidth cost is the same, the CPU cost and time
is a bit higher, but not much.
170,000 email addresses is what one CD offered.  Assume that spammer bob
sends emails to that many from lots of servers, say it takes one or two
hours.  Most spams are small, some are over 20-30K (gif attachments, and
other crap.)
Each time this happens - (from my point of view I get about 50-60
spams/day that I filter) each of those recipients turns around and sends
some traffic attempting to auth the micropayments via the micropayment
bank.  That's a DDoS from the point of view of the bank.  Even if it can handle the traffic it has to do lots of CPU intensive work
and send the error back to each of those requests, which will result in
rejection of 169,999 requests and 1 acceptance (assuming the spammer is
using a valid coin in the 1st place.)  It becomes expensive to run the
The 1st time a significant number of users start using this scheme, the
spammers will adapt to get around to it.  Just like they've already
adapted against keyword searches by using text such as e'n'l'ar'g'e'
'y,o,u,r, `pe`n`i`s__n_o_w.
Again, from the spammer's point of view, they don't necessarily care that
you recieved the email.  They sell advertisements for a price.  Say you
have an ad, you go to the spammer, he spams 170,000 emails with it for
$10.  He doesn't give a shit if less than 1% of those will get the spam -
he charges his client the same.
Say, things get harder and he has to adapt, well, he'll just charge his
clients more for the trouble and advertise it as a value add that it's
garanteed that x% will be read (never mind that idiot client hasn't got a
way to prove it one way or another.)
You have to think about it from their point of view to find out what they
could do to get around it.  Then you have to think about it from the bank or mint's point of view, and
the traffic and CPU operations, it will have to deal with.
Does this solution make it exponentially harder for spammer to deliver the
spam?  Does this incur cost to the recipient?  Does it incur cost to the
mint? and so on.
Looking at this problem from the spam recipient's point of view isn't
already lost my bandwidth, and thus lost some value.  Doesn't matter that
I never see the spam.  Bandwidth was already wasted receiving bits that
wind up in /dev/null and cpu cycles to make the decision to drop said
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-15 12:42:25
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: about fucking time! - local communities refuse to enforce 
Local Communities Refuse to Enforce Patriot Act
Thursday, May 15, 2003
By Kelley Beaucar Vlahos
WASHINGTON . In a rare occurrence, conservative watchdogs are siding with
liberal groups who say that several provisions of the anti-terror USA
Patriot Act (search) are cause for concern by Americans seeking to protect
their basic rights.
"We must balance at all times the fact that national security is
important, but freedom is essential," said Phil Kent, president of the
conservative Southeastern Legal Foundation (search), which has taken issue
with expanded federal surveillance powers granted under the law.
Kent and others are applauding local efforts to try to ward off provisions
of the Patriot Act. As of this week, the state of Hawaii as well as 104
cities and counties across the country have passed resolutions protesting
federal law enforcement measures in the USA Patriot Act.
Responding to a anti-Patriot Act resolution passed by the Tucson, Ariz.,
city council on May 5, Republican U.S. Sen. John Kyl said none of the
invasiveness activists have warned about has come to pass.
"Despite what critics charge, law-abiding Americans have not seen their
rights infringed," he told Foxnews.com.
[[[My comments: yeah, I guess that depends on your definition of American
(said the same way W. J. Clinton commented on the definition of "is")]]]
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-05-21 16:35:15
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: TIA: Terrorist Information Awareness 
Trusting a renamed TIA to protect our privacy is like trusting a repeat
child molester to babysit your 6 year old girl after he changes his name
to Alice the Babysitter.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-11-10 13:23:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
Not scared, hungry.  They're looking for more "collars" they can throw in
jail so they meet their quotas.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-11-16 20:22:33
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Partition Encryptor 
Which only works on win9x, and no freeware updates exist for Win2k/XP/NT.
i.e. worthless...
There is this, but it too isn't free:  + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-11-25 12:56:51
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Um, last I checked, phone cameras have really shitty resolution, usually
less than 320x200.  Even so, you'd need MUCH higher resolution, say
3-5Mpixels to be able to read text on a printout in a picture.
Add focus and aiming issues, and this just won't work unless you carry a
good camera into the booth with you.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-11 15:07:57
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Software protection scheme may boost new game sales 
Yawn...  This is no different than any of the copy protection schemes
employed in the 1980's on then popular home computers such as the
commodore 64.  Hindsight is 20/20 and recalls, all of these were broken within weeks if
not months.  "Nibbler" copiers and other programs were quickly built that
allowed the breaking of all of these systems.  All sorts of "error"
sectors, duplicate tracks, half tracks, extra tracks, extra sectors,
non-standard sized sectors, tracks written at different speeds, erroneous
checksums, hidden data, and other sorts of weird bits were employed.  All
were broken.  None survived the ages.
In the end, the companies that employed copy protection only managed to
piss off customers who lost their only copy of the software, and created a
market for the copiers and crackers.  The crackers won, the software
companies lost.  Few of the companies of that era are still in business today.  CEO's,
Vulture Capitalists, and others who have an interest in such schemes would
do well to invest some time in learning about that time, and the results,
for their investments, and dollars will go the same way... the way of the
brontosaurus, the trilobite, and the dodo.
Let them try, if they wish to burn their money.  As far as I'm concerned,
I'll vote with my wallet as usual and only run open source, free software.  If the moronic kids at whom these titles are aimed have the $50-$70 per
title to waste on self destructing, flavor of the month games, they are
certainly free to spend that money to their heart's desire.
Not a dime from my wallet will wind up in their pockets - except perhaps
indirectly:  the next time I buy my next burger, "no, I don't want fries
with that, no, I don't want to supersize it," my $5 eventually makes a
small contribution to the salary of the burger flipper, which in turn is
applied to the purchase of said game.  :)
I've not read the said article just yet, but from that direct quote "as
the copy degrades..." I can already see the trouble with this scheme:
their copy protection already fails them.  They allow copies to be made
and rely on the fact that the CDR or whatever media, will eventually
degrade, because their "code looks like scratches..."  Riiiiggghtt.....
If you can make one copy, you can make many, and you can certainly store
the ISO in compressed form on a normal CD to make more copies
later.   CDR's are what? $0.20@ these days?
Hell, you can even get one of those virtual CDROM programs to mount the
CD's as if they were CD's, and store the ISO on a hard drive, or DVD-R
instead. Hard drives are already in the 250-500GB range these days.  So
their scheme is already flawed and doomed from the start.
It seems to me that people that engage in treating their customers like
theives to begin with lack a vital ingredient for making money: common
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-11 15:09:42
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Software protection scheme may boost new game sales (fwd) 
Yawn...  This is no different than any of the copy protection schemes
employed in the 1980's on then popular home computers such as the
commodore 64.  Hindsight is 20/20 and recalls, all of these were broken within weeks if
not months.  "Nibbler" copiers and other programs were quickly built that
allowed the breaking of all of these systems.  All sorts of "error"
sectors, duplicate tracks, half tracks, extra tracks, extra sectors,
non-standard sized sectors, tracks written at different speeds, erroneous
checksums, hidden data, and other sorts of weird bits were employed.  All
were broken.  None survived the ages.
In the end, the companies that employed copy protection only managed to
piss off customers who lost their only copy of the software, and created a
market for the copiers and crackers.  The crackers won, the software
companies lost.  Few of the companies of that era are still in business today.  CEO's,
Vulture Capitalists, and others who have an interest in such schemes would
do well to invest some time in learning about that time, and the results,
for their investments, and dollars will go the same way... the way of the
brontosaurus, the trilobite, and the dodo.
Let them try, if they wish to burn their money.  As far as I'm concerned,
I'll vote with my wallet as usual and only run open source, free software.  If the moronic kids at whom these titles are aimed have the $50-$70 per
title to waste on self destructing, flavor of the month games, they are
certainly free to spend that money to their heart's desire.
Not a dime from my wallet will wind up in their pockets - except perhaps
indirectly:  the next time I buy my next burger, "no, I don't want fries
with that, no, I don't want to supersize it," my $5 eventually makes a
small contribution to the salary of the burger flipper, which in turn is
applied to the purchase of said game.  :)
I've not read the said article just yet, but from that direct quote "as
the copy degrades..." I can already see the trouble with this scheme:
their copy protection already fails them.  They allow copies to be made
and rely on the fact that the CDR or whatever media, will eventually
degrade, because their "code looks like scratches..."  Riiiiggghtt.....
If you can make one copy, you can make many, and you can certainly store
the ISO in compressed form on a normal CD to make more copies
later.   CDR's are what? $0.20@ these days?
Hell, you can even get one of those virtual CDROM programs to mount the
CD's as if they were CD's, and store the ISO on a hard drive, or DVD-R
instead. Hard drives are already in the 250-500GB range these days.  So
their scheme is already flawed and doomed from the start.
It seems to me that people that engage in treating their customers like
theives to begin with lack a vital ingredient for making money: common
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-13 16:22:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Software protection scheme may boost new game sales 
Ok, so I finally bothered to read said article.  I assumed that they had
something interesting that made it look to the error correction code like
a scratch, etc... They don't.  No such weakness exists in error correction
used on CD's.
Their protection is no more than putting bad error correcting codes on
sectors, and when a CD copier is used, the "error" correction is
corrected, but the software can detect that this is a copy.  No different
than current game protection (no different than the commodore 64 days
The "new new thing" aspect of it is that the copied game continues to run,
making the guy doing the backup think he's got a good copy, but it slowly
degrades itself.  Degrade, but not in the sense of CD rot or scratches.
So for a few hours(?), it's playable, but then it starts to no longer
respond to user commands properly, and so it becomes a marketing tool.  The luser will think it's worth buying their own copy after getting
addicted to the game.
So the rub, is that copies are allowed to be made, but unless cracked, the
copies are nothing more than time limited demos.
The only way that this could work is if they put up some sort of splash
screen at some point to let the luser know that the program isn't buggy,
but that the copy protection noticed it's a backup.  After all, if you get
a copy of a game from a friend, and it crashes on you all the time, would
you think it's because the copy is bad, or because the software is as
buggy as a Microsoft product?
As usual, the real loser is the original purchaser, because if he
scratches his CD, he's out $50-$70 or whatever games cost today, and he
can't make backups.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-13 17:33:41
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Software protection scheme may boost new game sales 
API you can use to get at the error correction info somewhere -- or you
can use timing info... i.e. ask for a bad sector, and see how long it
takes to return the sector vs one that's supposed to be good...  You can't stray too far from published API's, since if you do, you'll
potentially break your game when future OS's, patches, service packs,
hotfixes, or devices come out...  I.E. if you don't support anything but
IDE CDROM's, will you fuck users that use SATA, scsi, FireWire, or USB
cdroms? etc...  What happens under Windblows 2005?  Does your business
model say that they can't play on future OS's/hardware?  You won't be in
business very long if you do that.
CDROM driver to the OS, and run the game.  It would act as a proxy to the
real CDROM, but also log any unusual activity (errors, odd timing,
etc...)  So then, the cracker can write a second virtual cdrom driver, one
that passes through the usual data off the CDR copy, but for those
"unusual" sectors that it captured earlier, replay the action.
Might even want to do this with two machines so you lessen the chance that
the game will find the original CD and ignore the virtual. :)
Of course the game could somehow figure out if a CD is virtual - by
getting driver information?  But if you're sneaky enough you can make your
virtual CDROM driver look like a second IDE controller, etc.. (see above
about SATA, USB, etc...)
Doing a search on google for "virtual cdrom" I see quite a few such
beasts...  It's possible one of these even has source code, but I don't
much care to bother searching further as I've no interested in this except
from the theoretical. :)
(In terms of things like Linux/*BSD you don't need no stinkin' driver, you
can directly mount an ISO file, but you could very easily write a block
device driver that added the errors/delays or whatever these things depend
That said, the scheme isn't without merit provided that it tells the luser
that he should purchase a real one.... maybe after it stops working pop up
an ad and say "Now that you've played your friend's copy, and saw the
demo, you can continue if you buy the full version..."
I seem to remember lots of old Macintosh software doing this.  You were
allowed and even encouraged to copy the floppy it came on and give it to
your friends.  When your friend installed the software, it would ask for
the serial  (which you weren't supposed to give out.)
At that point, it would go into demo mode and run for a week, or two, and
then refuse to run.  So if your friend wanted the cool program you
recommended, they'd buy their own copy.  I'm not sure how successful that
was, but I'm assuming it did quite well...
The difference between that and this, is that if you put the floppy on
your fridge door with a magnet, you could always get your backup (or ask
your friend for her copy.)  With this, even if you have a legally
purchased copy, one or two scratches and it's literraly "Game Over Man!"   + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-13 17:37:09
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [linux-elitists] LOCAL Mountain View, California, USA:  
Tell Intel simply: We don't want no "Scumware Inside"  We won't buy NGSCB
Want to sell motherboards?  Don't include this shit.  Keep it simple.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-24 12:36:44
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Support the Bush-Orwell '04 campaign! 
+ ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-25 07:01:08
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "If you didn't pay for it, you've stolen it!" 
To add to this:
There is no law stating that I cannot take my books and read them
backwards, skip every other word, read the odd chapters in reverse and the
even chapters forward, or try to "decode" the book by translating it to
another language, ask someone with better eyes than mine to read it to me,
or chose to wear green tinted lenses while reading it, read it to kids or
the elderly, lend it - or rent it to friends, use it as a paperweight,
drop it on the floor, et cetera.  I can take it with me to other countries
and read it there, as well etc.  Once I bought it, it's mine.
DVD's "protected" by CSS on the other hand cannot be read except by
approved DVD players, and you can't (legally) "read them with another pair
of eyes" by playing them with a DVD player that doesn't have the right
You're also not allowed - by policy - to fastforward past the annoying FBI
warning, or in some cases the evil commercials.  If you drop it on the
floor and scratch it, you're out $20 or whatever you paid for it.  You're
not allowed to use it in countries with regions different than what the
publisher approves, you're not allowed to decypher the contents of the DVD
by using DeCSS, you're not allowed to rent it to others, or charge
admission to others to see it.
If you bought an audio DVD and your car doesn't have a DVD player, or your
only portable stereo system can only play tapes, you're not allowed to
legally copy the music off the DVD onto other media to play in other
If you bought a copy protected audio CD, and you bypass it's protection
and somehow copy it to tape, so you can play it in your car, or to another
CD, so you have a backup incase it gets damaged in your car from extreme
temperatures, or gets scratched, or your car gets broken into or stolen,
you're now a criminal deserving the same kinds of jail times and fines as
would the theif who stole your car - if not more.
Some media are more equal than others.  This should not be the case - and
shouldn't even be possible -- except in a society where the media whores
and monguls are able to bribe those who are corrupt and write laws at the
same time.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-29 11:28:08
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "If you DON'T use encryption, you help the terrorists win" 
The biggest hurdle and the thing that will have the most effect is to have
every MTA out there turn on Start TLS.  It won't provide a big enhancement
in terms of security at the ISP level, but it will blind the global
content search engines everywhere.  Except, of course, at those ISP's
already infected by carnivore boxes - which at least aren't allowed by law
to capture all traffic, but I wouldn't put money that they'd follow it.
So the first course of action is to convince MTA authors everywhere to
enable and turn this on.  Later, they could drop support for non-TLS
traffic.  It could also help against spamming somehow, as it will cost the
spammer a few more CPU cycles. (But this will be a very weak deterrent
against spam.)
The next hurdle will be to get Microsoft Outlook to ship with PGP - it'll
be a very very cold day in hell for that to happen.  :)  So, we'll keep
dreaming and wishing.  Certainly, if it does, only fools will trust it as
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-10-29 13:50:37
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: "If you DON'T use encryption, you help the terrorists win" 
The push to do that should be aimed at the MTA authors and package
organizers.  If you can get it turned on by default, you're half way
there.  Last time I tried to fuck with this on qmail, I had to patch qmail
to support it.  Not something I'd like to do again - hopefully it's
changed a bit.  But if you can get the big projects to turn it on by default for all/most
of the MTA's, then you can push the bigger fish to do so as well.  I'd
start with OpenBSD - they're likely to be friendlier to the idea.  Then
you can push FreeBSD, NetBSD, RedHat Linux, Mandrake, and so on...  Then
the MTA authors, then Solaris (which seems to be bent on copying whatever
Linux does) and so on....
Strangely enough, I recall that of all the entitites, out there MSFT had
implemented some sort of secure SMTP in somne version of IIS.. like
4.0...  Not sure about Exchange and its ilk...
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-09-01 18:05:20
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
Indeed.  Despite all of Tim's rage, we're still just rats in a cage, and
despite Tim's urging of necklacing ISP owners, or other foam at the mouth
arm-chair solutions, Occam's razor still supplies the better, and cleaner
If your MTA has it, turn on the START TLS option.  If it doesn't, either
compile it in, or get a new MTA for your server.  Also add GPG/PGP, and
hard drive encryption, to both your client and the server.
(Since the discussion is about ISP's, we can assume that you own the
server either hosted by or fed by your ISP - if you don't - i.e. you're on
a dial-up PPP, you're at the ISP's mercy anyway, and the ISP can
read/forge your mail unless you PGP every piece of email.)
Don't have secure IMAP/POP capabilities?  Use ssh as a secure tunnel to
transport IMAP/POP/SMTP from the client into the server.  Even when your
client lives on the same network segment as the server.  If you don't
realize why this is useful, get clued in as quickly as you can.
Of course, as usual, this discussion will next focus on physical security
(hint for the above paragraph for those in need of a clue), then detecting
black bag operations, with the usual "Read the Fucking Archives" coming
from the usual source(s).
And you know what?  This indeed has already been dealt with, so yes, by
all means, "Read the fucking archives" does apply.  So go and read the
fucking archives - all of you.  That's your homework.  Do it!  There will
be a quiz tomorrow!  Be sure to bring your  pencils!  :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-09-01 18:20:43
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
In that case, I would suspect the ISP itself would have incoming/outgoing
feeds from other ISP's.  If that single moral objector ISP refuses to
allow carnivores, the other, not quite as moral ISP's might be persuaded
to allow it, in which case the fedZ get what they want, just one
traceroute hop further up the chain.  Perhaps not all of them, but perhaps
enough of them...  Duh!
That's the thing about the internet - your packets must travel through
other ISP's (unless you're communicating with other nodes hosted by that
single ISP which is unlikely).  From the fedZ point of view, you need not
tap each and every single ISP.  You can tap upstream, and still get the
data without tipping off the target, or his moral objector friends at her
At some point every ISP goes through MCI, Sprint, and AT&T, and don't
forget the local (phone company) loops.
Assuming that such a moral objector ISP would exist, it would be foolish
to assume that it would provide much of a measure of protection against
tapping cleartext transmissions.  Hence, encryption is important.  Want
privacy and security?  It's up to you to provide it: encrypt.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-09-22 17:19:09
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
They *ALL* promise freedom, democracy, and development.  It's voting for
someone who delivers thems instead of opression, fascism, and theft that's
the problem.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-09-24 11:23:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
And just how are you going to get the kongress-kritters to pass a bill
that would allow the public to push them and other poly-ticks out of
office if they don't perform?  That's like asking them to pass a bill that
would limit them from getting raises, soft money, etc...
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-09-24 11:59:17
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Drunken US Troops Kill Rare Tiger 
Bread and Circuses?  :)
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-09-26 17:30:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Critique of CyberInsecurity report 
Look, the answers are excruciatingly simple:  1. your email should not execute.
2. your web browser should not be able to run script that can access
anything other than contect that came from that server - or in the least
that domain -- especially not your hard drive.  Things like ActiveX are a
security nightmare.
3. your machine should not serve any services to the outside world that
it doesn't need to.
It doesn't matter what OS you run, the above are all still true.  Do that,
the 90% of insecurity goes away.  Add buffer overflow protections, and
another 5% goes away.  Add parameter checking to libraries, good security
permissions on file systems and other objects, and things like per process
capabilities limitations, and another 4% goes away.
If you run a network of unhardened Macs, Linux boxes, FreeBSD or even
OpenBSD boxes, you may as well hang up a sign that says "break in please."
All of this has been previously dealt with elsewhere, and it isn't that
hard to grok.  The only reason to cricize the redmond beast that should
not be is points 1-3.  The paragraph following it hasn't been implemented
anywhere that's widely in use.  Things like SE Linux and OBSD have attempted some of them and succeeded,
but they're not as widely used as they should be.
Worrying about what percentage of machines are hetro vs homogenous is a
waste of time.  Do you run Linux or MacOS X?  Did you bother to upgrade
OpenSSH last week?  No?  Is ssh open for anyone on the internet to access?  Well then, you're fucked, and you're not even running Windows!
If someone breaks into a windows 95 machine on your network whose owner
has access to files vital to your company's existance, the potential to
break into the server is already there.
Don't just harden SOME machines and your firewall, harden them all.  A
simple activeX component off some rogue web page is enough to take over a
lame little win9x machine. Ever seen WebX? - it's like PCAnywhere, or VNC or TimbukTu, only it works
over the web.  A user just goes to a web page, and a user at the other end
can take over their machine because IE allows such software to run!  Ok, at least WebX is a commercial product designed to provide tech
support, and asks if it's ok to allow it, but if it's technically possible
to do it for legitimate reasons, it's technically feasable to do it for
rogue reasons too.
Worms aren't the only problems out there.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-09-27 13:58:20
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Critique of CyberInsecurity report 
Yup, and also don't forget all the security holes in IE that would allow
even more enjoyable fun stuff... things that are(were?) exploited by
scumware sites such as Xupiter that installed themselves into IE and
allowed pop-up ads from hell.
[Sorry about the previous message, had lots of typos in there... should
have proofread it before sending. :)  ]
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2003-09-29 13:03:28
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [Politech] California elections official starts "verifiable 
Appropos voting: a very disturbing article is here:

@_date: 2003-09-30 11:30:51
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Johns Hopkins Physics Lab System Detects Digital Video  
And what stops an attacker from taking that digital video, stripping off
the RSA(?) signatures (I'll assume it's just signed), editing it, creating
another, random, one time private key, "destroying" that private key after
resigning it, and offering it up as unedited?!?!?!?!
They've either obviously not relesed all the details about this method,
since you have no way to validate that the presented public key was
created by their camcorder.  So how would you prove that something came
from a particular camera?  Do you cripple the private key somehow to be
able to identify it?  Do you sign it twice? If you do, then a more
permanent private key lives in the camcorder and can be extracted to also
produce fake keys, etc...
Either that, or this gets a nice wonderful SNAKE OIL INSIDE sticker
slapped on it. :)
Even more obvious: What stops an attacker from taking the camcorder apart,
disconnecting the CCD output, then hooking up an unsigned edited video
signal to it, and recording as a signed video?
IMHO, it has an aroma rich with viperidae lipids.
 + ^ + :25Kliters anthrax, 38K liters botulinum toxin, 500 tons of   /|\
  \|/  :sarin, mustard and VX gas, mobile bio-weapons labs, nukular /\|/\
<--*-->:weapons.. Reasons for war on Iraq - GWB 2003-01-28 speech.  \/|\/
  /|\  :Found to date: 0.  Cost of war: $800,000,000,000 USD.        \|/
 + v + :           The look on Sadam's face - priceless!       --------_sunder_ at _sunder_._net_-------  ------------

@_date: 2004-04-09 17:56:18
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: VPN VoIP 
I've not seen, nor played with any of these, *BUT*, heed this warning
which applies to all devices (and software?) that are 1) closed source and 2) offer some useful service which you'd be tempted to place inside your network, 3) are allowed to communicate with the outside world.
I would highly suggest that if you chose to use one of these that you do so from a DMZ in your firewall to be safe.  You don't know what OS/firmware lives there and whether it can be used via the VOIP network to spy on your internal network.
You might need to add another NIC to your firewall, and depending on what else this needs, you might also need to provide a DHCP server for it.  Set the firewall rules to make sure no packets from this device can go into your internal network.  EVER.
Don't just say, "Well this thing is its own router, it does VPN, it has a firewall (does it?) I can trust it."
There will likely be features which it provides (perhaps a voice mail->email gateway?) which will tempt you to place it on the inside network instead of a DMZ.  Don't!  Find a way to secure your network and still provide for such features.
[Or, if you use these boxes inside a corporate environment and actually care about this level of security and want several of these to talk to each other, build another network just for them.  Depending on your needs, I'd also say, don't let them talk to the outside world, but if you do that, only nodes inside your VPN's will be able to communicate over VOIP.]
If you trust this thing to do VOIP, enjoy, (Accepting possible spying on your phone calls by LEO/intel agencies, etc.) but don't trust it enough to put the ethernet end of it on your internal network.  You never know when some bright kid takes one of these apart, disassembles the firmware and finds a backdoor to use against you.
Why the tin-foil sounding rant?  See yesterday's slashdot regarding the recent "hardwired" backdoor account in a Cisco Wifi router which has been exposed resulting in a call for a firmware update.  You can bet that Cisco simply changed the backdoor password/hash instead of eliminating it.  If they're not too scummy, they only made it harder to find:

@_date: 2004-04-09 23:21:35
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Meshing costs (Re: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic  
Um, just to point out the absolute obvious, if you're >DRIVING< you already have a power source, even if you have to use an inverter to power your notebook.  At that point you're not worried about worrying about spending a few miliamps on transmission here and there.  It doesn't matter at all whether or not there's a string of other "you's" ahead of you.   Having already paid for the tank of gas, the juice is free, and so should transmission - even routing of other users' data.
If you're in the woods, or at the beach, that's a different story.  :)
Ok, well, if you're at the beach, you could get a solar cell and geek away.
Yup, can't have a network without nodes.
In which case, you won't be to willing to transmit either since receiving costs you far less battery than transmitting.  In this case you're far more likely to store whatever you want to transmit for later - same as working "offline" with a mail user agent.

@_date: 2004-04-10 19:53:49
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies - the 
It is a tree. I'll give you a hint.  Think of this:
"God is like an infinite sphere, whose center is everywhere and circumference nowhere."  Nicholas of Cusa.
It is a tree, but to see it, you'll need to find the root.  The quote above is a hint to where the root is.  Replace god with internet, sphere with tree, infinite with 2**32 (at least until it goes to ip6.)
So where's the root?  Scroll down for the answer.
\ /
  V
Did you see it?  No??? It's actually right infront of you.
Still don't know?  Ok then, keep scrolling down.
The root of the internet is your own internet connection.  Proof: If you were to iterate traceroutes over the entire ip4 space (good luck doing that by the way), and graph the results, you'd get a tree.  It's root is your default gateway.

@_date: 2004-04-10 20:01:12
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: VPN VoIP 
Hmm, I wonder if the VoIP standard is open enough that fully compatible linux implementations could be made and integrated with ALSA...  I'm sure a simple analog circuit could be used to get an rj11 phone jack attached to audio in/out once this is done...
Shouldn't be a problem if you go the Solaris route and use tmpfs/swapfs with no real swap.  (For those that don't know, Solaris mounts /tmp into virtual memor space, so if you've got tons of RAM, data written in /tmp is actually written in RAM.)
I've had very good luck with OBSD so far (knock on fake wood?)...  I'm very happy with pf... much nicer than iptables...  I haven't used SELinux as a firewall, but have experimented with it.  It's excellent in terms of security (if you don't mind the huge failure logs), but, it's a bitch to configure properly...
I'd go for something between UML (User Mode Linux) and SELinux.  Use SELINUX as the main host and UML to partition off untrusted applications in sandboxes (i.e. to run apache, etc.)

@_date: 2004-04-11 17:43:15
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies 
I believe the real issue here is one of being able to stretch your mind into seeing things from different points of view.  This is the reason I brought in the quasi-mystical quote about the sphere whose center is To see if you'd be able to go beyond your already rich knowledge and gain new benefit from another way of looking at it.  (IMHO, it's important to be able to change POV's at will, it keeps you flexible and able to learn new ways of dealing with data by conversion.)
In real life, the roots of a tree resemble it's branches buried underground, in an almost mirror image.  A tree that terminates where the trunk meets the ground would fall.  The only real tree resembling this, is one where logger's saw was applied. :)  So we're already not discussing a real tree.
The idealized mathematical definition of a tree doesn't quite a real tree any more than do B-Trees, B+/-Trees, nor red/black trees, or our debated friend, the internet.
Of course. It's called redundancy and its goal is to eliminate as many single points of failure as possible.  But from the point of view of one node talking to another, these aren't considered, I'll explain why.
Firstly, don't confuse cycles with redundancy for high availability.  These are two different things.
Let's explain why we have multiple connections and what types of these you can expect.  There are two common types of multiple connections:
A) Two links to the same ISP:  In terms of redundancy for the purposes of being fault tolerant, only one of the multiple links is ever used.  With most ISP's, when you negotiate a contract for a backup connection, it's with the understanding that you'll only use it when the main one goes down.
B) You have multiple connections to different ISP's (possibly with peering contracts, etc.)  In this case when a node at your location tries to contact some other node on the internet, it's traffic doesn't go over ALL of your connections - it takes only a single path.  [Ok, if your routers are correcting for an outage, then perhaps you'll see different paths being taken, but this is just the routing tables/routers settling or converging.]
If both case A and case B, a single node in your location will see the entire internet as a tree with the root of that tree being the default gateway.  (i.e. go back to doing traceroutes.)  In the case of a multi-homed machine, or machine that participates in routing, it itself becomes the root of the tree.
There are other cases but those are rare, and likely flawed.
Now on to cycles and the whole reason for this debate:
The whole point of many/most routing algorithms is to GET RID OF cycles. After you've done this, you're left with a tree.
Loops/cycles are so anathema to the workings of tcp/ip, that one of the fields in IP packets has been added to help eliminate: the TTL.  The only reason for a TTL value is to prevent packets that are going around in circles from congesting all the routers involved in the loop.  (Only later did traceroute exploit this into helping provide you with a map of where your packets went.)
This is why EIGRP, RIP, etc. use various mechanisms to explicitly prevent routing loops (and BGP to aggregate routes.)  Routing loops are damage, they are by definition not desirable.
At the data link layer (switches/hubs), this is why you want to use the Spanning Tree Protocol.  Notice that name: Spanning *TREE* Protocol.  After STP is done, you're left with a data link layer ->TREE< - not a cyclical graf.  STP is even more important for LAN's than on the internet since there's no TTL on ethernet frames:  a single broadcast, were it to be allowed to loop, could saturate your switches to the point of killing your LAN!
What all this says to me is that a cycle is a circle, and that failover/ parallel links should be collapsed (and are by routing protocols) to a single link.
Once you eliminate cycles, and you do so in real life, you go back to a tree.  You only see the alternate paths used when failover or routing errors occur.
Yes, I agree with you, if your POV is "The Big Picture" above from space, which includes all links, even the unused redundant ones, it's certainly not a tree.
At the same time, I also disagree with you.  If your POV is a single host, it sees the internet as a tree.  In fact, one of the properties of trees is that you "pick up" any leaf node and designate it as the root.  (Doesn't work too well on a B+Tree when you're trying to do searches,  but, the result is still a tree - not balanced any longer, but a tree.)

@_date: 2004-04-11 18:15:00
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: BBC: File-sharing to bypass censorship 
Even worse, I've once heard a coworker explain to me why Bush doesn't give a rats ass about the environment: just like the impromptu "pilots" who learned how to fly, but not land, Bush and Crew believe that this world is theirs to do with as they wish, and that pollution isn't important - so what if thousands die of cancer, so long as they earn a place in their idea Yes, between the flat-earther's, witch burners, jihadists, and other nuts, religion certain has had a wonderful influence on humanity.

@_date: 2004-04-13 18:26:56
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Fornicalia Lawmaker Moves to Block Gmail 
> Since when is there a guarantee of privacy in email??
 Since PhilZ wrote PGP?

@_date: 2004-04-26 11:18:52
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: BBC on all-electronic Indian elections 
What do you expect when the previous choice we've had was between Al "I Invented the Innnernet" Gore, and George "Nucular" Dubbya?

@_date: 2004-04-26 12:58:46
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: BBC on all-electronic Indian elections 
Yeah so what? I still wouldn't want to vote for him (except as a vote against Shrubbya)  Al's prise pig of a wife, Tipper, helped found the PMRC against lyrics in songs.  See Megadeth's Hook in Mouth for details on this censorious organization: and  for details about the PMRC.

@_date: 2004-04-26 13:30:07
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Fact checking 
THAT, ultimately is the meta-point.  You shouldn't have to vote for the lesser evil, but when your choice is so vastly limited, why even bother voting?
After the events involving Vince Foster, Lon "It was self defense, she threatened me with her baby" Hioruchi(sp?), Janet Reno, and Monicagate, Dubbya Jr. seemed the lesser of two evils.  Until 9.11.2001.  At that point, Gore clearly became the lesser of two evils, but by that time, it was far too late to see it.
How much of the public knew about the connections to Haliburton before election day?  How much of the public knew about the Project for a New American Century?  How much of the public knew about USA PATRIOT ACT and it's sequel?
What's missing is some sort of vote out of office mechanism, a big great "Undo" vote as it were.  There are no guarantees that if you vote for Scumbag  that s/he'll be less of a scumbag that Scumbag When more than half the country doesn't want to do something, it shouldn't be done just because congress and POTUS decides it's in their pocketbook's interest, but where's the mechanism to stop it?
Where's the recall vote?  Where's the oversight committee that says "When you ran for office you promised X,Y,Z and you're half in your term and haven't delivered."
Where's the "I want X% of my dollars to go to this issue, and 0% to go to that one" option?
Elections where you only chose between evil  and evil  are an ironic joke, and the ones laughing their way to the bank aren't those with your interests in mind.

@_date: 2004-04-26 14:41:13
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: What Should Freedom Lovers Do? 
I agree with everything you've said in your post, including >PRIVATE< DRM measures, but, I disagree that Microsoft should be admired.
I've seen far too much evil emminated from Redmond:
* from outright theft of smaller companies' IP (i.e. Stacker),
* dumping ("We'll help you migrate from Netware to NT 3.51 for free"),
* FUD (GNU is communism and Anti-American),
* evil contracts (if you sell blank machines without Windows, you have to pay $X more for our software)
* stealth funding of SCO's lawsuit against IBM and linux end users,
* to lots of needless security holes - some even by design, (i.e. security is a checkbox as a marketing feature, or an afterthought: i.e. this chant: "Active X! Active X! Format Hard drive? Just say 'YES!'")
For the final one, I used to work at Earthweb, which ran Gamelan (pronounced gah-meh-lohn, not game LAN), a Java repository.  At one point, EW decided to start an Active X repository.  Some guy wrote an Active X browser component that shut off your machine if you clicked yes.  The component did exactly what it said it did, but it was a good example that it could have done something else.  Hence the "Active X! Active X! Format Hard Drive? Just say YES!" chant.
Let me tell you, Microsoft tried very, very hard to get us to remove that bit of code from the repository.  We didn't, because it did exactly what it claimed to do.
More financial damage has been done to the planet by Microsoft than good. Far too many sysadmin/developer hours were lost because of Microsoft.  You can certainly count the hours in lost human lives...  Hell, just add up the cost of each virus/trojan/worm outbreak which targets Outlook, Office, and Internet Exploiter.
Now don't get me wrong.  I'm not some knee-jerk Linux Good, Windows bad clueless geek wannabee.  I started out as a Novell Netware sysadmin. (Well, I started out as a coder, but fell into sysadming over time.)
When NT starting taking over, I picked it up and thought it was cool.  It's design was certainly revolutionary, and the NTFS was one of the best designed file systems I've seen, even to this day.  NT's borrow a driver from the server printing was beautiful.  User management via domains? Sweet!  Ok, not too much better than NIS, but hey, very nice. Active Directory?  Much, much mo'e better.  DHCP?  Great wonderful idea.  Gateway for Netware Services and Migration from Netware?  A bit scummy, but hey it's free with the server, might as well use it*.  File and Printer sharing for Macintosh?  Cool! - well, except for that one bug with the dancing icons back a few years ago...
(* Gateway Service for Netware allowed a scummy sysadmin to bypass the license limitation of Netware servers.  A single "user" from the NT server would login to the Netware server and proxy hundreds if not thousands of user requests.  You suffered in performance, but one of it's uses was to bypass licensing.  If you read NT's license it says something along the lines that you can't use another proxy this way against an NT server.)
Registry?  Hey, wonderful idea.  No, really.  Storing all your machine's settings in a single place and having a single editor (ok two of them) to control them was beautiful.  Just make sure you (can and do) back it up.
No, I'm not being sarcastic, if you know how the registry works, how to back it up, how to restore it, and how to repair it, it's a great thing - much better than lots of .ini, .rc or .conf files everyfuckingwherethankyouverymuch.  Ok, in unixen everything lives in /etc.   But which /etc?  /etc? /usr/local/etc? /usr/local/samba/etc? and the dot files in home directories?  ouch!  (A regular thing that I do is to backup all of /etc /usr/local/etc just to make sure I can restore them.  With Windows, you just run rdisk /s- and copy %SYSTEMROOT%\system32\repair.)
At the last job, we had a dead Exchange 5.5 on NT 4.0 server.  Its hardware died.  I worked for a shitty little dot com.  The guy admining it couldn't restore it.  We didn't have another motherboard that mached the drivers on that box, so we couldn't just move the hard drive over.  Know what I did? I merged the hardware related registry files from the sacrificial machine on the OS of the dead one to get it to boot, then hand reinstalled the network driver and a few other minor things like the video driver.  It's not so hard if you know what you're doing, and a registry isn't a bad thing.
All of the above features more or less beat the shit out of all flavors of unix when NT 3.5x/4.0 came out.  By the time XP was on, Linux and FreeBSD had caught up and then some.  Solaris at this point was trying to get Linux compatibility with lxrun, SGI was already gonzo from the art market with Mac taking over.
NT was beautiful - in theory, and on paper.  Because a lot of it was VMS on Remote management tools weren't too horrible.  Ok, you couldn't ssh into a box, and the command line tools sucked - even after the resource kit, but MMC worked nicely and let you mostly manage boxes remotely if you knew what you were doing.  Sure, you couldn't easily launch a program on a remote server, but you could run the scheduler remotely and tell it to run something two minutes from now.
But, oh man, the bugs were murder.  So were the patches. Things like invisible, unkillable processes, hidden data forks in the file systems that you can't see to back up, worms didn't help my point of view.  Reboots after each of dozens of hotfixes, good luck getting your system to work after a service pack.  Hell, you had to reboot after changing IP addresses for fuck's sake!
Worse yet, with NT 4.0, it would constantly forget about licenses.  It allowed you to set the number to whatever you liked, but in a normal environment when you had only 20 users logging on and off, it easily filled up those 20 licenses.  Even if you lied and set it to several hundred, it would forget that some logged off and seize up with "Out of Licenses!"  At one point, I had set it to several thousand and had an AT job (cron for unix guys) restarting the license "service" twice a day just to prevent users from getting kicked off!
Have a software RAID 5 volume instead of a RAID 1 under NT?  Was your OS too hosed to get back up and running? Couldn't restore it with last known good or the registry repair?  Good luck restoring those RAID volumes after a reinstall!  Wasn't impossible, but wasn't easy either.  Exchange server?   Ouch! What a load of overpriced bloatware!  Have fun repairing it's db's or even backing it up without special software plugins.
Excel in a financial environment?  Have fun with the Bloomberg plug-in crashing several times a day.  Multiply by a few hundred guys on a trade floor and welcome to IT HELL!  Thanks, but I'd rather flip burgers than deal with that shit again.
Yeah, NT/2K/XP's gotten a lot better after Win2K, but no thanks, I won't go to XP.  Ever.  That NSA back door key didn't exactly win my friendship over either.  XP's creepy product activation isn't my cup of tea. Windows Media Player's reporting back to Mama what I play or what codecs I use is a no-no in my book too.  Service Packs where I "agree" that Microsoft has the right to stick anything on my machine?  Fuck that noise.
Microsoft is evil.  Cthulhu sized evil.  Ballmer and Butt-head aren't nice, warm, pro-liberty guys.  Neither are Scott McNealy and Larry Ellison who both attempted to profit from the World Trade Center/Pentagon bombings by offering their idea of a national ID.  All of these folks are far, far worse than Tim May with Microsoft being as slimy and evil as the Neo-CONS!
You know what?  I'm pro capitalism, pro-freedom, pro-making a buck, but I can see how Microsoft deserves far, far, worse than their anti-trust lawsuit.
My  fight against them?  I won't do windows, I won't use windows in any new machines I buy, I won't work in environments where I'm forced to babysit it.

@_date: 2004-04-26 19:25:07
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Paying for drinks with wave <br> of the hand 
"A new crime is sweeping the nation.  Criminals everywhere are now cloning implanted chips of passerby well to do rich.  Some have been caught hiding outside the bushes of the rich with a high powered RFID transponder, waiting for their victims to drive by.  Congress has been presented with a bill outlawing all RFID readers, except by store owners."
"In the news today, actress Jennifer Lopez has been found dead in a dumpster near a shady street with her hand severed.  Her American Express implant chip records show that unscrupulous fiends have ran up several million dollars in bar tabs all over downtown Los Angeles, and several large money wire transfers to Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, and Iran.  Ms. Lopez apparently instructed AMEX to remove all her daily spending limits on her credit chip after her chip refused her intended purchases at her local Porsche dealer.  A recorded conversation with AMEX customer support reveals she believe it cramped her style.
"The FBI is searching for her killers.  Special Agent Tom Jones said that no further information will be made available at this time, as that the FBI does not wish to comment on an ongoing investigation since it may aid the perpetrators, and that citizens should switch to cash immediately.
"Random J. Citizen on the street commented: 'Well, what do you expect? Congress Outlawed RFID readers, and now the thugs have resorted to chopping off hands.'
"Meanwhile thousands of implanted citizens are suing American Express for refusing to allow removal of their credit card chips, some demanding billions of dollars for their severed hands."
"In an unsurprising move today, CEO Jim Jones of American Express Corporation has stepped down after his company recently filed for Chapter 11 protection after Visa Corporation backed out of purchase negotiations."

@_date: 2004-04-28 22:14:49
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Id Cards 'Will Protect Youngsters from Paedophiles' 
Riiiigggh!  And posting your full name, address, phone number, date of birth, social security number, the account and expiration dates of all your credit cards + the 3 digit extra code on their backs, ATM card account # and the PIN, plus, several samples of your signature (optional) in JPEG format, and the code to your alarm system on your web page will prevent identity theft.
So, whaddayasay?  It's a fine bridge, lightly used, as you can see, it's got a lotta traffic between Manhattan and Brooklyn, I could sell it to you real cheap, 'cause you look like a nice guy and all, you know, you could make a fortune, setup a toll booth and all that.

@_date: 2004-08-01 12:58:46
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Al-Q targeting NY corporations? 
I've a better idea for the terrorists who may be paying attention, why not
just leave NYC alone and target something more useful to take out - like
Microsoft, for example.  IMHO, the planes that were targeted at the WTC would have been better
directed at various Redmond, WA buildings.  They're after all a very big
company with a lot of billions - that would have been far more spectacular
an attack than a couple of profitless eyesores blocking everyone's view of
the Statue of Liberty.  And what's with attacking the pentagon?  They're the biggest sink of Evil American Taxpayer funds after all. Don't you want your enemies wasting billions of dollars on shitty airplanes and helicopters that crash Besides, if you want to piss off the NY Cops, don't attack One Police
Plaza, take out Dunkin Donuts and Krispy Kreme joints... well, wait, I
kinda like Krispy Kreme once in a while, ok, just Dunkin Donuts...  Or
better yet, don't!  The artery clogging fat and the diabetes inducing
sugar+starch already do plenty.  Nah, if you're an Al Qaeda member, it's your duty to open up more donut shops and in fact, have a policy of free donuts to every cop.  Infact, you should send crates of donuts to every police precinct several times a day.  I'd suggest a 10:1 donut to officer ratio.  Ditto for McDonalds foods.  Add extra grease.  The hydrogenated soybean
And why bother taking out the bridge to NJ - after all, NJ is where all
the stench is (remember that old joke: Girlfriend "Kiss me where it
smells," Boyfriend: "Ok, let's drive to NJ!"  You're better off leaving
that bridge alone, so commuters can be terrorized by the industrial stench
as they drive through, and by all the delays.  Infact, if you're an Al
Qaeda engineer, you'll want to BUILD more bridges to NJ, so more Satan
Loving American Infidels will get sickened by it.
Oh yeah, and be sure to vote for Bush.  He'll be sure to fuck the economy even worse and put more draconian laws into effect.  You Al-Qaeda types hate us for having freedom, right?  So Dubbya's your perfect boy for that.
That's the real way to be a terrorist, not by wasting your time on some dumb ass fireworks by airplane.  Pshaw, only amateur terrorists do it that ------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-08-03 09:52:55
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Al-Q targeting NY corporations? 
Your sarcasm detector is down, please send it back to the manufacturer for repairs.  Let's hope it's still under warranty.
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-08-03 15:24:54
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Welcome to 1984 - almost. 
This speaks volumes as to where intentions lie.
 Justice Department attempting to remove public documents from libraries
American Library Association
July 30, 2004
CHICAGO -- The following statement has been issued by President-Elect Michael Gorman, representing President Carol Brey-Casiano, who is currently in Guatemala representing the Association:
By Anonymous in USA: Liberty Watch on Tue Aug 3rd, 2004 at 08:46:35 AM PDT
Last week, the American Library Association learned that the Department of Justice asked the Government Printing Office Superintendent of Documents to instruct depository libraries to destroy five publications the Department has deemed not "appropriate for external use." The Department of Justice has called for these five public documents, two of which are texts of federal statutes, to be removed from depository libraries and destroyed, making their content available only to those with access to a law office or law library.
The topics addressed in the named documents include information on how citizens can retrieve items that may have been confiscated by the government during an investigation. The documents to be removed and destroyed include: Civil and Criminal Forfeiture Procedure; Select Criminal Forfeiture Forms; Select Federal Asset Forfeiture Statutes; Asset forfeiture and money laundering resource directory; and Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act of 2000 (CAFRA).
ALA has submitted a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request for the withdrawn materials in order to obtain an official response from the Department of Justice regarding this unusual action, and why the Department has requested that documents that have been available to the public for as long as four years be removed from depository library collections. ALA is committed to ensuring that public documents remain available to the public and will do its best to bring about a satisfactory resolution of this matter.
Librarians should note that, according to policy 72, written authorization from the Superintendent of Documents is required to remove any documents. To this date no such written authorization in hard copy has been issued.
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-08-03 16:01:50
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: On how the NSA can be generations ahead 
Some interesting URL's on how this can be technologically achieved.  These are just from various news sources, nothing indicating one way or another that the boys in Ft. Meade are using any of this stuff - though DARPA is mentioned in the first link. :)
So this gets around some of the limits of chip to chip interconnects, etc.
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-08-05 11:35:26
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Ridge: "The Terrorists are comming! The Terrorists are coming!" 
US terror alert becomes political football
By Thomas C Greene (thomas.greene at theregister.co.uk)
Published Tuesday 3rd August 2004 15:15 GMT
Update As we reported recently ( the latest ratcheting up of the terror threat level in the United States was based on captured documents dating back some time. In that article, we observed that it was "not clear whether any of the information recently obtained relates to current or future schemes."
"much of the information that led the authorities to raise the terror alert at several large financial institutions in the New York City and Washington areas was three or four years old, intelligence and law enforcement officials said on Monday. They reported that they had not yet found concrete evidence that a terrorist plot or preparatory surveillance operations were still under way."
Why now?
If anyone is wondering why terrorism, and especially attacks at home, should have been so fully hyped on such thin evidence, it's useful to consider the news cycle.
Last week, John Kerry did a surprisingly good job of introducing himself to the nation as a plausible replacement for Bush. But this rain dance was not undertaken from a security point of view. It was concocted with a political motive, and its purpose was to distract the public from the additive disasters in Iraq, and the unexpectedly strong showing by the Democrats in Boston last week. It was designed to make Junior look like the "strong leader" that his cheerleaders insist, against all evidence, that he really is. (We note that the true Prince of Darkness, Dick Cheney, has been dutifully silent, and conspicuously absent, during the recent national security festivities, to vouchsafe the limelight to Junior.)
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-08-05 11:47:15
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Wired on Navy's new version of Onion Routing 
Onion Routing Averts Prying Eyes
By Ann Harrison
Story location: 02:00 AM Aug. 05, 2004 PT
Computer programmers are modifying a communications system, originally
developed by the U.S. Naval Research Lab, to help Internet users surf the
Web anonymously and shield their online activities from corporate or
government eyes.
The Navy is financing the development of a second-generation onion-routing
system called Tor, which addresses many of the flaws in the original
design and makes it easier to use. The Tor client behaves like a SOCKS
proxy (a common protocol for developing secure communication services),
allowing applications like Mozilla, SSH and FTP clients to talk directly
to Tor and route data streams through a network of onion routers, without
long delays.
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-08-06 09:17:07
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Bluetooth Security Cavities 
Security Cavities Ail Bluetooth By Kim Zetter
Story location: 02:00 AM Aug. 06, 2004 PT
Serious flaws discovered in Bluetooth technology used in mobile phones can let an attacker remotely download contact information from victims' address books, read their calendar appointments or peruse text messages on their phones to conduct corporate espionage.
An attacker could even plant phony text messages in a phone's memory, or turn the phone sitting in a victim's pocket or on a restaurant table top into a listening device to pick up private conversations in the phone's vicinity. Most types of attacks could be conducted without leaving a Security professionals Adam Laurie and Martin Herfurt demonstrated the attacks last week at the Black Hat and DefCon security and hacker conferences in Las Vegas. Phone companies say the risk of this kind of attack is small, since the amount of time a victim would be vulnerable is minimal, and the attacker would have to be in proximity to the victim. But experiments, one using a common laptop and another using a prototype Bluetooth "rifle" that captured data from a mobile phone a mile away, have demonstrated that such attacks aren't so far-fetched.  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-06 10:53:25
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Don't smile for UK Big Brother's passport pix 
Original URL: Home Office prohibits happy biometric passports
By Lucy Sherriff (lucy.sherriff at theregister.co.uk)
Published Friday 6th August 2004 10:08 GMT
The Home Office says all new passport photographs must be of an unsmiling face with its gob firmly shut because open mouths can confuse facial recognition systems.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-09 15:20:34
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: stealth tempest wallpaper 
or Stealth wallpaper keeps company secrets safe
10:00 08 August 04
Special Report from New Scientist Print Edition. Subscribe and get 4 free A type of wallpaper that prevents Wi-Fi signals escaping from a building without blocking mobile phone signals has been developed by a British defence contractor. The technology is designed to stop outsiders gaining access to a secure network by using Wi-Fi networks casually set up by workers at the office.  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-12 03:37:32
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: A Billion for Bin Laden 
Yeah, about as brilliant as a turd.  Didn't they recently call Al-Qaeda's network a hydra?  correct me if I don't recall my Ancient Greek myths, but when you cut off one head on the hydra, two more grow back, so are we to assume that future heads that grow back will carry such bounties?
A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon you're talking real I guess they do realize that these guys are idologists and the allmighty dollar is anathema to them, so they have to raise the bounty in order to get someone to betray him...   Never discount greed, no matter how ideological someone may be, at some ridiculous sum, someone somewhere will rat him out... perhaps just before the elections.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-12 16:27:00
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: maybe he would cash himself in? (Re: A Billion for Bin  
Nah, if Bush already had him in a hole somewhere to produce him just in time for the elections, he'd collect the billion for himself as his personal reward.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-12 16:38:22
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: 2+2=5 and mention of cryptome 
Original URL: Al-Qaeda computer geek nearly overthrew US
By Thomas C Greene (thomas.greene at theregister.co.uk)
Published Wednesday 11th August 2004 16:45 GMT
Update A White House with a clear determination to draw paranoid conclusions from ambiguous data has finally gone over the top. It has now implied that the al-Qaeda computer geek arrested last month in Pakistan was involved in a plot to destabilize the USA around election time.
Two and two is five
As we reported here ( and here ( so-called al-Qaeda "computer expert" Muhammad Naeem Noor Khan, a Pakistani, was arrested on 13 July in possession of detailed but rather old surveillance documents related to major financial institutions in New York, Newark, and Washington.
Since that time, other intelligence has led the US security apparatus to imagine that a plot to attack the USA might be in the works. (No doubt there are scores of plots in the works, but we digress.) Therefore, last week, the ever-paranoid Bush Administration decided that Khan's building surveillance documents, and the hints of imminent danger, had to be connected. Indeed, if al Qaeda is to strike at all, it is most likely to strike the targets mentioned in Khan's documents, as opposed to thousands of others, the Bushies reasoned.
New York, Newark and Washington were immediately put on high alert, at great expense, and to the inconvenience of millions of residents.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-13 14:11:36
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
How? Not if you get something like a Sharp Zaurus and compile your own
environment.  "Hey, I want to get as much performance out of this shitty
little ARM chip as I can."
What makes you think they'll have enough of a clue as to how to read the files off your PDA without booting it in the first place?  99% of these dorks use very expensive automated hardware tools that do nothing more than "dd" your data to their device, then run a scanner on it which looks for well known jpg's of kiddie porn.  If you're suspected of something really big, or you're middle eastern,
then you need to worry about PDA forensics.  Otherwise, you're just
another geek with a case of megalomania thinking you're important enough for the FedZ to give a shit about you.
And PGP won't stand out because.... ?
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-13 15:06:13
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Forensics on PDAs, notes from the field 
Right, in which case GPG (or any other decent crypto system) is just fine,
or you wouldn't be looking for stego'ing it inside of binaries in the
first place.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-16 13:37:51
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Gilmore VS Ashcroft opens today 
In this corner we have John Gilmore. He's a 49 year-old philanthropist who lives in San Francisco, California. Through a lot of hard work (and a little luck), John made his fortune as a programmer and entrepreneur in the software industry. Whereas most people in his position would have moved to a tropical island and lived a life of luxury, John chose to use his fortune to protect and defend the US Constitution. He's challenging the unconstitutionally evil stench of the Asscruftinator!
Who will win?  Place your bets, place your bets, the courtroom showdown
begins today:
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-19 09:37:35
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Excerpts from Rudy Rucker's new Book 
(The interesting bits to which Tim fantasizes to.)
As seen on:
Rant at Start of Chapter on Society
I write this book during a dark time. America.s government is in the hands of criminals and morons.
I.d like to break through to a radically different way of talking about society, to throw a bucket of ice-water in the face of the sleep-walking sheep who think that history is about presidents and kings.
A baby filling a diaper is infinitely more significant than a congress placing a movement on the floor.
Twin Towers
Facts: The twin towers fell. The terrorists were Saudis. Bush invaded .Ah,. someone might say, .if nobody wanted to fight, we.d be invaded. Look at the twin towers. The world.s not safe... And I would submit that the administration.s reaction to the twin towers was exactly the wrong one. Instead of jumping into the repetitive tit-for-tat class two Israelis-versus-Palestinians mode, the government should have gone class four. What would make men kill themselves while destroying a part of our lovely New York City? What system produced them? Isn.t there a way to get in and jolt it in some totally unexpected way, something more original than rocket fire vs. car bombs?
Before virtually every American presidential election, I.ve heard people say, .If so and so wins, I.m leaving the country.. But they never do. The only time my friends eve remigrated was during the Viet Nam war, a time when the hive mind was undertaking the wholesale slaughter of a generation. But most of the time, for most of us, things aren.t bad enough to make emigration seem reasonable.
If the election is stolen again in Fall, 2004, the answer could be armed revolution, not emigration. If the Bush faction tries to retain power, a significant number of people may feel compelled to go to D.C. and fight in the streets until the tyrant is deposed. However long it takes, however dearly it costs. Would it be worth it?
Hopefully he'll lose the election by too great a margin to fudge. But for that to happen, we have to vote. The popular vote margin matters, if not in the electoral college, then in the hearts and minds of our oppressed populace. If the margin were big enough, the house of cards could  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-20 09:54:03
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: T. Kennedy == Terrorist says TSA 
Washington -- Sen. Edward "Ted" Kennedy said Thursday that he was stopped and questioned at airports on the East Coast five times in March because his name appeared on the government's secret "no-fly" list.
"That a clerical error could lend one of the most powerful people in Washington to the list -- it makes one wonder just how many others who are not terrorists are on the list," said Reggie Shuford, a senior ACLU counsel. "Someone of Sen. Kennedy's stature can simply call a friend to have his name removed, but a regular American citizen does not have that ability. He had to call three times himself."
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-25 10:16:02
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Wired: Attacking the 4th Estate 
or, the HTML crap free version:
Attacking the Fourth Estate By Adam L. Penenberg  |   Also by this reporter Page 1 of 2 next 02:00 AM Aug. 25, 2004 PT
John Ashcroft and the Department of Justice must be stopped.
There, I've said it. Of course, now I half expect federal agents to drag me off to prison for violating the No One Dare Question the Government While We Are Engaged in the War Against Terror Act. (Duration: perhaps forever.) Sure, you say, no such act exists. But Ashcroft himself once testified that bellyaching over what he called "phantoms of lost liberty" only serves to "aid terrorists" and "give ammunition to America's enemies." And recently FBI agents attempted to intimidate political activists by visiting them at their homes to warn about causing trouble at the upcoming Republican convention.
More to the point, under Justice Department guidelines, Ashcroft must approve any subpoena of a journalist, so how do you explain the rash of subpoenas that Special Prosecutor Patrick J. Fitzgerald, the U.S. attorney from Chicago, has doled out to Time magazine, The New York Times, The Washington Post and NBC? Already one reporter -- Matthew Cooper from Time

@_date: 2004-08-25 10:28:34
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
All Hail Cthulhu!  Why worship the lesser evil?  Vote for Cthulhu!   Why vote for the lesser evil?
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-25 11:01:26
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Reason on Gilmore VS Ashcroft 
+ ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-25 14:50:23
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Digital camera fingerprinting... 
Yes, your holiness, but how much of that will survive jpeg compression,
photshop (or GIMP) cleanups, and shrinking down to lower resolutions, and insertion of stego?
Or what about those "disposable" digital cameras that are hackable?  Perhaps there should be a cypherpunks pool to swap "disposable" digital  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-29 10:03:57
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: JYA in NYT 
Let's dissect this mother.
So where's the beef then?
Yeah, those were pictures taken from public locations, I'd assume, right?  No different than taking a picture of the Statue of Liberty or of the Sounds like a lose lose situation to me.
So there, you go, Mr. Young has become an expert.  What's the problem?
Or perhaps flatulence?
There you go.  They've made their bed, now they can't complain when someone points at it and says "Uh, look at that!"
So, we're back to someone accidentally dropping anchor in the wrong place and boom...  can't have it both ways boys.
So John was simply helping the companies follow Federal Regulations.
Oops, too much publicity, couldn't handle the spin control.
And now the author of this article is feeding the terrorists vital intel - or following Federal regulations?  So is water, so is air, so is everything.  Hell, if the CIA thought they could implant a transmitter in a cat and set the cat loose in a park where Soviets, Commies, and Spies (Oh My!) might talk, what's to stop the terrorists from doing the same style of thing?
Sure, why didn't he also say that flying 747's into high buildings were a stroke of genious too?  Oh, but that would be telling.
Never mind that they ran something called The School of the Americas that trained Terrorists^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^HFreedom Fighters in South Americas torture^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hinterrogation techniques, and never mind that when the USSR wanted to take over Afghanistan, our valiant boys were teaching the Afghani Freedom fighters the fine art of asymetrical warfare, some of which I'm sure now belong to Al Qaeda...
Or did we sheeple forget about that incident there?
Yeah, and Napoleon intended to be Emperor of the world too.  Neither happened.  And sure, lots of asteroids out there intended to hit the earth, but that didn't happen either.
Waaaa, we outsourced and didn't plan for an emergency... Waaaa....  Oh wait, what about that electric grid?  IS that fixed yet?  Well is it? No, don't ask Niagra Power, don't ask Con Ed, don't as Ohio Power, dig and find out what caused it.  We still don't know.  Some say it was a Windows virus - if so Billy G should pay for that, some say it was a moron at the switch.  What did happen there?  Yeah, were talking gas in this article, but denial of service is denial of service.  Where's your research Ian? Aren't you just pining for that Pulitzer?  do your homework.  SPouting words like terrorists, fbi, and gas line ain't gonna get you that.  So is every other cub on the beat.
Sure, and if you asked American Airlines if they took security seriously
before 9/10, do you think they'd say "No?"  If you asked my previous immediate boss (at a very sleazy dot.com) if he
took security seriously, he said, and I quote from memory as he did say
this infront of me to a client on the phone "Sure, we do quarterly scans
of all the machines, and we're using a security company, which we're not
at liberty to name, that does scans for Fortune 500 companies and they say
we're secure."  (And no, not a single scan was done, and no security
company was hired, because they were cheap bastards.  The only scan that was done, was by me, only because I wanted to play with Nessus, and boy, it said the opposite of secure, which I then had to patch all them boxes, but this was later on.)
If you had asked the FBI if they cared about terrorists before 9/11, they would have said "Hell yeah, we're gonna get'em all." But if you worked at a Pilot school where a guy wanted to learn how to fly and not land, and you repeatedly called the FBI to look into it, what did the FBI do exactly?  Bubkus?
A-Yup.... so why do reporters bother talking to Spindocs from public
relations instead of doing some investigative reporting and figuring out
the truth instead of eating bullshit with a spoon and smiling for the
camera like it's Frosted Flakes?  they'rreee grrrreat!  Mmmmm, public relations spinbullshit... yummmm!
Um, didn't we read about backhoes and anchor drops a bit earlier in this article?  Is it red or is it blue?  Is the sky falling or not?
Oooh! Wait! I get it!  they'll wait for an accident with a backhoe, or
boat anchor - or when the wind blows out a pilot light so that they can
blame it on the terrorists! Why? so they can collect on the insurance
money and get some Federal Aid too!  Ok, I see it now!
Yup, it's always the guy that points out the Emperor's New Clothes ain't
that gets an extended visit at the dungeon, not the tailor, nor the Oooh, John is an evil, evil man, he posted information about that there
them Nucular thinggies too, ooh, ooh, like the same kind Saddam has, never
mind, we'z just loookin' for'em, a-yup....  we'll find'em some day, maybe
in 2009 or 20010 - but only if you elect me again...  a-yup... but never
minda dat, Saddam had to go, he was a very bad man, he didn't like our
daddy...  and John Young is just like Saddam...
Lesss go rustle up some more of dem Nooo Yawk yankee fuck terrorists...  vote for me, and I'll make you safe...

@_date: 2004-08-29 12:28:56
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: proof of censoring decisions they don't like under natsec 
headlines in the last year or more.has seen plenty of redactions (those portions that are blacked out or otherwise made unreadable). This, we're told, is for legitimate reasons, such as "national security" or "protecting intelligence sources and methods." But now we have absolute, incontrovertible proof that the government also censors completely innocuous material simply because they don't like it.
The Justice Department tipped its hand in its ongoing legal war with the ACLU over the Patriot Act. Because the matter is so sensitive, the Justice Dept is allowed to black out those passages in the ACLU's court filings that it feels should not be publicly released.
Ostensibly, they would use their powers of censorship only to remove material that truly could jeopardize US operations. But in reality, what did they do? They blacked out a quotation from a Supreme Court decision:
    "The danger to political dissent is acute where the Government attempts to act under so vague a concept as the power to protect 'domestic security.' Given the difficulty of defining the domestic security interest, the danger of abuse in acting to protect that interest becomes The mind reels at such a blatant abuse of power (and at the sheer chutzpah of using national security as an excuse to censor a quotation about using national security as an excuse to stifle dissent).
It's hard to imagine a more public, open document than a decision written by the Supreme Court. It is incontestably public property: widely reprinted online and on paper; poured over by generations of judges, attorneys, prosecutors, and law students; quoted for centuries to come in court cases and political essays.
Yet the Justice Department had the incomprehensible arrogance and gall to strip this quotation from a court document, as if it represented a grave threat to the republic. Luckily, the court slapped down this redaction and several others. If it hadn't, we would've been left with the impression that this was a legitimate redaction, that whatever was underneath the thick black ink was something so incredibly sensitive and damaging that it must be kept from our eyes.
Now we know the truth. Think about this the next time you see a black mark on a public document.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-29 12:35:01
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: OT: Any Questions? Read This! - Long Bush track record (fwd) 
I tried to find something wrong with this email... looks like facts to me.  If anyone can find where this is Anti-Bush, let me know.  Looks like
reality speaks for itself.
Dear Citizen: Just so you know: I attacked and took over 2 countries. I spent the U.S. surplus and bankrupted the US Treasury. I shattered the record for the biggest annual deficit in history (not easy!). I set an economic record for the most personal bankruptcies filed in any 12 month period. I set all-time record for the biggest drop in the history of the stock market. I am the first president in decades to execute a federal prisoner. In my first year in office I set the all-time record for most days on vacation by any president in US history (tough to beat my dad's, but I did). After taking the entire month of August off for vacation, I presided over the worst security failure in US history. I set the record for most campaign fund raising trips by any president in US history. In my first two years in office over 2 million Americans lost their jobs. I cut unemployment benefits for more out-of-work Americans than any other president in US history. I set the all-time record for most real estate foreclosures in a 12-month period. I appointed more convicted criminals to administration positions than any president in US history. I set the record for the fewest press conferences of any president, since the advent of TV. I signed more laws and executive orders amending the Constitution than any other US president in history. I presided over the biggest energy crises in US history and refused to intervene when corruption was revealed. I cut health care benefits for war veterans. I set the all-time record for most people worldwide to simultaneously take to the streets to protest me (15 million people), shattering the record for protest against any person in the history of mankind. I dissolved more international treaties than any president in US history. I've made my presidency the most secretive and unaccountable of any in US history. Members of my cabinet are the richest of any administration in US history. (The poorest multimillionaire, Condoleeza Rice, has a Chevron oil tanker named after her.) I am the first president in US history to have all 50 states of the Union simultaneously struggle against bankruptcy. I presided over the biggest corporate stock market fraud in any market in any country in the history of the world. I am the first president in US history to order a US attack AND military occupation of a sovereign nation, and I did so against the will of the United Nations and the vast majority of the international community. I have created the largest government department bureaucracy in the history of the United States, called the "Bureau of Homeland Security"(only one letter away from BS). I set the all-time record for biggest annual budget spending increases, more than any other president in US history (Ronnie was tough to beat, but I did it!!). I am the first president in US history to compel the United Nations remove the US from the Human Rights Commission. I am the first president in US history to have the United Nations remove the US from the Elections Monitoring Board. I removed more checks and balances, and have the least amount of congressional oversight than any presidential administration in US history I rendered the entire United Nations irrelevant. I withdrew from the World Court of Law. I refused to allow inspectors access to US prisoner! s of war and by default no longer abide by the Geneva Conventions. I am the first president in US history to refuse United Nations election inspectors access during the 2002 US elections. I am the all-time US (and world) record holder for most corporate campaign donations. The biggest lifetime contributor to my campaign, who is also one of my best friends, presided over one of the largest corporate bankruptcy frauds in world history (Kenneth Lay, former CEO of Enron Corporation). I spent more money on polls and focus groups than any president in US history. I am the first president to run and hide when the US came under attack (and then lied, saying the enemy had the code to Air Force 1) I am the first US president to establish a secret shadow government. I took the world's sympathy for the US after 9/11, and in less than a year made the US the most resented country in the world (possibly the biggest diplomatic failure in US and world history). I am the first US president in history to have a majority of the people of Europe (71%) view my presidency as the biggest threat to world peace and stability. I changed US policy to allow convicted criminals to be awarded government contracts. I set the all-time record for the number of administration appointees who violated US law by not selling their huge investments in corporations bidding for gov't contracts. I have removed more freedoms and civil liberties for Americans than any other president in US! history. I entered office with the strongest economy in US history and in less than two years turned every single economic category heading straight down. RECORDS AND REFERENCES: I have at least one conviction for drunk driving in Maine (Texas driving record has been erased and is not available). I was AWOL from the National Guard and deserted the military during time of war. I refuse to take a drug test or even answer any questions about drug use. (wink,wink) All records of my tenure as governor of Texas have been spirited away to my fathers library, sealed in secrecy and unavailable for public view. All records of any SEC investigations into my insider trading or bankrupt companies are sealed in secrecy and unavailable for public view. All minutes of meetings of any public corporation for which I served on the board are sealed in secrecy and unavailable for public view. Any records or minutes from meetings I (or my VP) attended regarding public energy policy are sealed in secrecy and unavailable for public review. With Love, GEORGE W. BUSH The White House, Washington, DC [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type IMAGE/JPEG]
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type IMAGE/JPEG]

@_date: 2004-08-31 11:30:35
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Backdoor found in Diebold Voting Tabulators 
Oops! Is that a cat exiting the bag?
Issue: Manipulation technique found in the Diebold central tabulator -- 1,000 of these systems are in place, and they count up to two million votes at a time.
By entering a 2-digit code in a hidden location, a second set of votes is created. This set of votes can be changed, so that it no longer matches the correct votes. The voting system will then read the totals from the bogus vote set. It takes only seconds to change the votes, and to date not a single location in the U.S. has implemented security measures to fully mitigate the risks.  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-08-31 15:49:28
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Backdoor found in Diebold Voting Tabulators 
"We're sorry, the server is currently experiencing load issues. We apologize for the inconvenience. Please try again later."
Got the above off this blog:
related links:
Here's the text of part 1:
Consumer Report Part 1: Look at this -- the Diebold GEMS central tabulator contains a stunning security hole
Submitted by Bev Harris on Thu, 08/26/2004 - 11:43. Investigations
Issue: Manipulation technique found in the Diebold central tabulator -- 1,000 of these systems are in place, and they count up to two million votes at a time.
By entering a 2-digit code in a hidden location, a second set of votes is created. This set of votes can be changed, so that it no longer matches the correct votes. The voting system will then read the totals from the bogus vote set. It takes only seconds to change the votes, and to date not a single location in the U.S. has implemented security measures to fully mitigate the risks.
This program is not "stupidity" or sloppiness. It was designed and tested over a series of a dozen version adjustments.
Public officials: If you are in a county that uses GEMS 1.18.18, GEMS 1.18.19, or GEMS 1.18.23, your secretary or state may not have told you about this. You're the one who'll be blamed if your election is tampered with. Find out for yourself if you have this problem: Black Box Voting will be happy to walk you through a diagnostic procedure over the phone. E-mail Bev Harris or Andy Stephenson to set up a time to do this.
For the media: Harris and Stephenson will be in New York City on Aug. 30, 31, Sep.1, to demonstrate this built-in election tampering technique.
Members of congress and Washington correspondents: Harris and Stephenson will be in Washington D.C. on Sept. 22 to demonstrate this problem for Whether you vote absentee, on touch-screens, or on paper ballot (fill in the bubble) optical scan machines, all votes are ultimately brought to the "mother ship," the central tabulator at the county which adds them all up and creates the results report.
These systems are used in over 30 states and each counts up to two million votes at once.
(Click "read more" for the rest of this section)
The central tabulator is far more vulnerable than the touch screen terminals. Think about it: If you were going to tamper with an election, would you rather tamper with 4,500 individual voting machines, or with just one machine, the central tabulator which receives votes from all the machines? Of course, the central tabulator is the most desirable target.
Findings: The GEMS central tabulator program is incorrectly designed and highly vulnerable to fraud. Election results can be changed in a matter of seconds. Part of the program we examined appears to be designed with election tampering in mind. We have also learned that election officials maintain inadequate controls over access to the central tabulator. We need to beef up procedures to mitigate risks.
Much of this information, originally published on July 8, 2003, has since been corroborated by formal studies (RABA) and by Diebold's own internal memos written by its programmers.
Not a single location has yet implemented the security measures needed to mitigate the risk. Yet, it is not too late. We need to tackle this one, folks, roll up our sleeves, and implement corrective measures.
In Nov. 2003, Black Box Voting founder Bev Harris, and director Jim March, filed a Qui Tam lawsuit in California citing fraudulent claims by Diebold, seeking restitution for the taxpayer. Diebold claimed its voting system was secure. It is, in fact, highly vulnerable to and appears to be designed for fraud.
The California Attorney General was made aware of this problem nearly a year ago. Harris and Black Box Voting Associate Director Andy Stephenson visited the Washington Attorney General's office in Feb. 2004 to inform them of the problem. Yet, nothing has been done to inform election officials who are using the system, nor have appropriate security safeguards been implemented. In fact, Gov. Arnold Swarzenegger recently froze the funds, allocated by Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, which would have paid for increased scrutiny of the voting system in California.
On April 21, 2004, Harris appeared before the California Voting Systems Panel, and presented the smoking gun document showing that Diebold had not corrected the GEMS flaws, even though it had updated and upgraded the GEMS On Aug. 8, 2004, Harris demonstrated to Howard Dean how easy it is to change votes in GEMS, on CNBC TV.
On Aug. 11, 2004, Jim March formally requested that the Calfornia Voting Systems Panel watch the demonstration of the double set of books in GEMS. They were already convened, and the time for Harris was already allotted. Though the demonstration takes only 3 minutes, the panel refused to allow it and would not look. They did, however, meet privately with Diebold afterwards, without informing the public or issuing any report of what On Aug. 18, 2004, Harris and Stephenson, together with computer security expert Dr. Hugh Thompson, and former King County Elections Supervisor Julie Anne Kempf, met with members of the California Voting Systems Panel and the California Secretary of State's office to demonstrate the double set of books. The officials declined to allow a camera crew from 60 Minutes to film or attend.
The Secretary of State's office halted the meeting, called in the general counsel for their office, and a defense attorney from the California Attorney General's office. They refused to allow Black Box Voting to videotape its own demonstration. They prohibited any audiotape and specified that no notes of the meeting could be requested in public records requests.
The undersecretary of state, Mark Kyle, left the meeting early, and one voting panel member, John Mott Smith, appeared to sleep through the On Aug. 23, 2004, CBC TV came to California and filmed the demonstration.
On Aug 30 and 31, Harris and Stephenson will be in New York City to demonstrate the double set of books for any public official and any TV crews who wish to see it.
On Sept. 1, another event is planned in New York City, and on Sept. 21, Harris and Stephenson intend to demonstrate the problem for members and congress and the press in Washington D.C.
Diebold has known of the problem, or should have known, because it did a cease and desist on the web site when Harris originally reported the problem in 2003. On Aug. 11, 2004, Harris also offered to show the problem to Marvin Singleton, Diebold's damage control expert, and to other Diebold execs. They refused to look.
Why don't people want to look? Suppose you are formally informed that the gas tank tends to explode on the car you are telling people to use. If you KNOW about it, but do nothing, you are liable.
LET US HOLD DIEBOLD, AND OUR PUBLIC OFFICIALS, ACCOUNTABLE.
1) Let there be no one who can say "I didn't know."
2) Let there be no election jurisdiction using GEMS that fails to implement all of the proper corrective procedures, this fall, to mitigate risk.  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-12-02 10:27:04
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Optical Tempest FAQ 
Along with tips and examples.
Enjoy, and don't use a CRT in the dark. :-)
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-12-02 17:52:26
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Optical Tempest FAQ 
IMHO, if you light up two or more other identical CRT's and have them display random junk it should throw enough noise to make it worthless - (and would put out enough similar RF to mess with RF tempest) there might be ways to filter the photons from the other monitors out, but, it would be difficult.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-12-13 13:04:11
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Acoustic Keyboard Eavesdropping 
Not new news, but interesting anyway.
(bugmenot's your uncle)
Acoustic Keyboard Eavesdropping
By STEPHEN MIHM
Published: December 12, 2004
When it comes to computer security, do you have faith in firewalls? Think passwords will protect you? Not so fast: it is now possible to eavesdrop on a typist's keystrokes and, by exploiting minute variations in the sounds made by different keys, distinguish and decipher what is being typed. This means that firewalls and passwords will amount to nothing if someone manages to bug a room and record the cacophony of keystrokes. Asonov managed to pull off this feat with readily available recording equipment at a short distance. Even as far away as 50 feet, and with significant background noise, he was able to replicate his success using a parabolic microphone. He also anticipated an obvious practical objection: how does a would-be eavesdropper get into a building and spend enough time to ''train'' a computer program to recognize the keystrokes of a particular keyboard? Not a problem: it seems that keyboards of the same make and model sound sufficiently alike -- regardless of who is typing -- that a computer trained on one keyboard can be unleashed on another.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-12-14 12:31:15
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Gait advances in emerging biometrics 
Original URL: Gait advances in emerging biometrics
By John Leyden (john.leyden at theregister.co.uk)
Published Tuesday 14th December 2004 15:07 GMT
"Great Juno comes; I know her by her gait."
William Shakespeare, The Tempest
Retinal scans, finger printing or facial recognition get most of the publicity but researchers across the world are quietly labouring away at alternative types of biometrics.
Recognition by the way someone walk (their gait), the shape of their ears, the rhythm they make when they tap and the involuntary response of ears to sounds all have the potential to raise the stock of biometric techniques. According to Professor Mark Nixon, of the Image Speech and Recognition Research Group at the University of Southampton, each has unique advantages which makes them worth exploring.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-02-02 18:22:01
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Cypherpunks response to viral stimuli 
That's got to be the dumbest thing I've ever heard of.  No TLA would do that.  They'd simply watch upstream of each node.  They can wait for outgoing messages and collect email addresses to their heart's content....
By definition, if you've subscribed to cypherpunks, you can expect all of the TLA's to at least know your email address.
If anything, you can blame the slew of anti-SCO and non-SCO related virii for the lack of messages...  If you were going to pull some half assed conspiracy theory, you might have come up with something more original - like "Maybe the TLA's are sending the virii so as to choke off the lists..."  But that's dumb as well for far more obvious reasons:
See, the cypherpunks is a gold mine for the TLA's.  All they have to do is subscribe, listen, and wait.  At some point, some poor dumb nutcase like Jim Bell will do something silly.  The polyester suited knights will hit the champale and have a nice party on his ass...
Man, the collective IQ's of the posters on this list has certainly been dropping lower and lower... sheesh!

@_date: 2004-02-03 13:28:47
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Cypherpunks response to viral stimuli 
Right, why should they do something passive that doesn't tip their hand and allows them to collect the information they need, when instead they can do something active and stupid that could possibly give away their position.
Think about it.  In fact, apply Occam's Razor to this, in fine, thin slices:
If you were a TLA and you'd want to send a "fake" virus, it would need to be something that would trip every anti-virus software that anyone could possibly run, but yet, not be a virus, and you'd need to do so without giving away your IP address - while making it look like it came from lots of sources.  If you'd only use a single IP address, the guy that runs the node would likely block you as a virus source.
Then, on top of it, you'd have to *HOPE* that none of your targets saw the real version of the virus, and then bothered to compare the two, or worse yet, dissect the decoy you've sent, and figure out that it isn't real.
How's would you do this and have it be successful?  Unless, of course, you wish to claim that the TLA's wrote the anti-SCO viruses?  In which case, there's a lovely bridge between Brooklyn and Manhattan that I would gladly sell you...  Real cheap...  it's a bit old, but it's in decent shape... No?  How about some nice foil hats?  Real cheap...  For you, only $100 each (plus tax of course)... guaranteed to be made of 100% aluminum foil.
Or would you instead, simply just stick a Carnivore machine at one hop above each CDR node that you're interested in, and gather the information you wanted with nearly zero risk of tipping your hand?  Or even simpler than that, get a hotmail or yahoomail account and just subscribe.  Which of the above scenarios makes the most sense in terms of Occam's?
P.S.: I stand by my original statement: the collective IQ of the posters on list is dropping.

@_date: 2004-02-25 11:29:50
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Microsoft Plans Biometric ID Cards 
No doubt such a card will automatically be linked to a Microsoft Passport account, Microsoft Wallet, etc. to make sure that the violation of your privacy can continue  unhindered.
No doubt, the 2nd step will be to either add an RFID chip inside it plus a reader on the PC... Or setting the next Microsoft PC spec to include a barcode/RFID reader on the PC.  (Or perhaps this is already in the spec, just not advertised?)
Then you'll need to login with the card, and activating Windows XP, etc. will require the card; all Office documents will be signed/stamped with a GID that matches said card, etc...  Hell, it might as well be your SSN... After all, continuing abuse of the social security numbers meets all Microsoft criteria for such a thing: it's a sensitive number, that when handled in an unsecure way (Microsoft's modus operandi, of course) it's guaranteed to open you up to ID, financial, and privacy theft...
That said, "Backdoor*" Billy Gee is about two and half years late to share the feed through at the scummy emperor of privacy invasion:
You see, both Larry "I wear a kimono" Ellison, and Scooter (formerly known as the "The Dot in dot com" CEO) both had immediate wet dreams of a national ID card right after 9.11.2001.  Of course, the former wanted it to involve Oracle, the latter wanted it to be on a Java smartcard...  uh huh...
Yes, we all know great government issued ID's worked to prevent the disposable terrorists of 9.11.  I'm sure that the Microsoft ID will work even better in making us just even more "secure."
* "Secure" is a newspeak marketing feechure checklist item which is to be translated the same way as the word love in Ministry of Love, the word peace in the Ministry of Peace, the word truth in the Ministry of Truth.
* Backdoor in this case refers not to Billy's preference of human interaction, but rather to the 'More "Secure" than before' feature of Windows XP which was made famous by various trojans, worms, and other self-replicating bits of code.

@_date: 2004-07-02 14:31:22
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [IP] more on  more on E-mail intercept ruling - good  
If VOIP gets no protection, then you'll see a lot of "digital" bugs in
various spy shops again - and they'll all of a sudden be legal.  I thought
the Feds busted lots of people for selling bugging equipment, etc. because
they're an invasion of privacy, etc.
Ditto for devices that intercept digital cellular phone conversations, spyware software that turns on the microphone in your computer and sends the bits out over the internet, ditto for tempest'ing equipment ("But your honor, it's stored for 1/60th of a second in the phosphor! It's a storage medium!"), etc.
Hey, they can't have their cake and eat it too.  It's either protected or
it isn't.

@_date: 2004-07-02 16:15:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [IP] more on  more on E-mail intercept ruling - good   
Actually there is optical tempest now that works by watching the flicker of a CRT.  Point is actually even more moot since most monitors are now LCD based, etc. so there's no raster line scanning the display, etc...

@_date: 2004-07-06 13:18:50
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: UBL is George Washington 
Right, WTC as a target doesn't make any strategic sense.  Either they were
very stupid at picking their targets, or their goals are not quite so
obvious - Unless the strategy was to short-sell the stock market the day
Did the FTC/FBI/NSA/CIA/etc find anything along these lines (yet)?  I've not been paying much attention to the news as of late.

@_date: 2004-07-07 14:03:00
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Privacy laws and social engineering 
Me too:
BSD fight buffer reign
Flowing blood in circuit vein
Quagmire, Hellfire, RAMhead Count
Puffy rip attacker out
Crackin' ze bathroom, Crackin' ze vault
Tale of the script, HEY! Secure by default
Can't fight the Systemagic
Uber tragic
Can't fight the Systemagic
Sexty second, black cat struck
Breeding worm of crypto-suck
Hot rod box unt hunting wake
Vampire omellete, kitten cake
Crackin' ze boardroom, Crackin' ze vault
Rippin' ze bat, HEY! Secure by default
Cybersluts vit undead guts
Transyl-viral coffin muck
Penguin lurking under bed
Puffy hoompa on your head
Crackin' ze bedroom, Crackin' ze vault
Crackin' ze whip, HEY! Secure by default
Crackin' ze bedroom, Crackin' ze vault
Crackin' ze whip, HEY! Secure by default

@_date: 2004-07-07 15:06:42
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto  
To channel Mr. May: "All of this of course can be put to rest by reading
some Bamford. (Body of Secrets, Puzzle Palace.)"

@_date: 2004-07-07 15:26:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Final stage 
Here we go again.  Get ready for more FUD from the LEO's, I can see Fox
news now.  "Cypherpunks a hotbed of crypto-anarchist scum is now being
used by Al Qaeda to setup new terrorist attacks..."  Expect to see a
sidebar about "rogue" or "evil" anonymous remailers and how they're
un-patriotic, etc.
Bah, some feeb had too one too many Crappachino's with lunch today and
pulled a Cornholio.... :(  A few years ago it was requests on how to make bombs, now it's this shit.

@_date: 2004-07-08 11:39:34
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Final stage 
Yup... but that's kind of standard around here.  Pull up a reasonable quote from some super hated person and make people think.  Nothing new.  I think there was something about gun control and making people safe attributed to Hitler, etc. a while back.
But as I said, here we go: Right on que too, though it doesn't mention Cypherpunks...
The Internet is the home of Terror
Servers of Mass destruction
By Nick Farrell: Thursday 08 July 2004, 07:50
THE INTERNET has become the place for terrorist training, recruitment, and fundraising, according to a leading Israeli academic.
Speaking to the Medill News Service, Gabriel Weimann, chair of the University of Haifa communications department claims that Terrorist groups are exploiting the accessibility, vast audience, and anonymity of the Internet to raise money and recruit new members.

@_date: 2004-07-08 13:08:52
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [IP] Hi-tech rays to aid terror fight (fwd from  
I recently visited the Canadian side of Niagra falls.  On the return entry to the US customs, etc. meant driving through penns that look like toll booths.  But I noticed little sensors in pairs and large square sensors as The entry gate was fairly large - I'd say about 2' deep by 2' wide by I'd
guess 10/12' high. Black on the outside car facing side, white on the
inner side.  On the side there were pairs of large rectangular boxes at an
angle pointing down toward the car.  Deeper into the stall there were
several pairs of sensors on vertical poles.  The first pair on the left
side - small rectangular ones which pointed at similar poles across the
way.  Something like this:
       |
      ]| mid - about 3-4' off the ground
       |
[      | low about 1ft off the ground
  Booth|---arm---|
         |
[        |
[        |
        ]|
        ]|
         |
                     |
       %%%%%%%%%%%
       %%%%%%%%%%%
         |
          ^^^^^ direction of driving
[ = small sensor
 large sensor
%%= entry gate 3'x3' thick
And there were two sets of these as I drove through.  Were these the (in)famous TZ sensors?
There were two guys in the booth, one obviously examining in LCD monitor, the other guy going "papers please" and "state the nature of your visit" etc.  He seemed only concerned with where we were born, lived, and whether we had purchased any alcohol or tabacco products in Canada.

@_date: 2004-07-09 09:47:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Faster than Moore's law 
Which is still perfectly fine for data that you collect but search/access very rarely which I'd guess is the type of data we're talking about here.  You collect the data, index it (or extract metadata from it in other ways) and you _almost_ never access it again.

@_date: 2004-07-09 10:05:47
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [IP] Hi-tech rays to aid terror fight 
Come to think of it, yes, the "road" within the tollbooth gate was a bit
raised, so there could well have been sensors underneath it.  Might as
well add all the sensors you can afford, after all any cars going through
the gate are a captive audience.
Natch.  I also did see the big red IR lamps behind, but that's old school in almost any toll booth.
Or you OCR license plates which is mostly trivial these days, or a combination of both.  Then again, for upstate NY, you actually get a card for NYS Throughway and
pay when you exit at another tollbooth.  Card has a magnetic stripe, and shows the entry point on the throughway.  So there are obviously other less expensive ways to do just that.  Add cameras with timestamps at each tollboth and a way to keep track of which card was where and you've got a verifiable robust tracking system.
:) Sort of like spammers calling their trade "targetted mails" or "opt-in"
Heh, would be funny if the 4am NINJA SWAT raid teams painted happy faces
on their helmets and say "Have a nice day" as they shoot.
What was that quote?... "tits or nukes, it's all just bits on the wire"
I also recall reading recently about those colored plastic/glass embedded
in the road bumps that reflect light (so you can see your lane better?)
are being retrofitted with cameras in them and set at an angle to read the
license plate and measure speed as you drive over them by some company.
Bah, wetware memory sucks. :(

@_date: 2004-07-10 12:39:27
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt (fwd from      
Better yet, you have the n sources provide pieces of a key which
auto-expires after X days, that key is used to access the database rather
than getting the data from n sources.  Authenticating at random with n sources, each with a different key is also required.
Store the data on some persistent, distributed stores... Bit Torrent comes to mind here.
See above method and add some sort of log to it that automatically and anonymously publishes logs of access to it.  So long as n>m/2 and at least n people are trustworthy it should work, right?
Then, you also need a watcher app to reveal that access occured.  This app
downloads the logs of the hashes you're interested in, plus other random
ones to prevent logging from revealing who is interested in what.
Would also be nice if the hash for the data you're trying to watch/access changes with the date.  That way if one user of the system is compromised, the compromisers can't figure out who the other parties accessing the same data are.  But I'm not sure how you'd make it happen without tweaking the Bit Torrent client a lot, or writing a new one from scratch (invoking Not-Invented Here Syndrome).
How else would you do it and still be able to know when something was ------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-07-14 10:01:07
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Mexico Atty. General gets microchipped (fwd) 
The about sounds like a great .signature file. :)
Huh? any implantable is removeable...  What, kidnappers, in Mexico don't
have access to alumium foil, faraday cages, frequency counters and
{hatchets,knives,scalpels,chain saws}, etc?
Which means it's transmitting, and to do so, it's not an RFID, it's a bug with a battery.  If if it doesn't transmit at all times, there's a scar somewhere which points where it is.
This ploy would have only worked if the kidnappers didn't know about it in
advance.  Now they do.  It will stop the lame ones.  The hardass criminals
know how to deal with it.
IMHO, this is a publicity op - not much else, designed to discourage potential kidnappers, and enourage the public to get chipped.
"What's the frequency Kenneth?" comes to mind.  ROTFL!

@_date: 2004-07-15 12:20:33
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: New trend: dropping trou at the TSA 
BoingBoing calls this "The Freedom Flash" Man Exposes Self During Airport Screening
Wed Jul 14, 9:07 AM ET
By The Associated Press
MINNEAPOLIS - Daryl Miller didn't make it through airport security because he couldn't keep his pants on.
Airport police said a security screener was waving a metal-detecting wand over Miller's pants area on Friday when Miller pulled his shorts down to his ankles. He wasn't wearing any underwear.
Miller then said, "There, how do you like your job," thus ending the screening, according to the police report. He was charged with indecent exposure and released on $300 bail.  "This person exposed themself in a public area, a clear violation of the law, and we needed to take some action on that, otherwise everybody would be dropping their pants," Christenson said.
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-07-19 13:43:14
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Reputation Capital Article - 1st Monday: Manifesto for the 
Here's a paper/article/screed on reputation capital.  A subject we discussed here a long while ago back when dinosaurs ruled the earth, etc... well, not quite that long ago.  This doesn't seem to mention anything about anonymous users, however.
Manifesto for the Reputation Society by Hassan Masum and Yi.Cheng Zhang
Information overload, challenges of evaluating quality, and the opportunity to benefit from experiences of others have spurred the development of reputation systems. Most Internet sites which mediate between large numbers of people use some form of reputation mechanism: Slashdot, eBay, ePinions, Amazon, and Google all make use of collaborative filtering, recommender systems, or shared judgements of quality.
But we suggest the potential utility of reputation services is far greater, touching nearly every aspect of society. By leveraging our limited and local human judgement power with collective networked filtering, it is possible to promote an interconnected ecology of socially beneficial reputation systems . to restrain the baser side of human nature, while unleashing positive social changes and enabling the realization of ever higher goals.
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-07-21 15:56:37
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Osama says "Vote for Bush!" 
Not that (m)any of us really expected Al-Qaeda to want Kerry.
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-07-29 14:12:16
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [OT] Apple calls Real "a hacker" 
Interesting non-cypherpunkish stuff.  So Real goes off and does some reverse engineering so it can use Apple's
DRM to publish its own stuff for iPod's.  Interestingly, Apple wants to
sue using the DMCA, *BUT* where it gets interesting is that IMHO, Real
didn't provide a crack to Apple's DRM, rather it used it for its own
benefit.  So will the DMCA even apply?
Even more interesting, Real used "publically available documents" so they didn't do the reverse engineering themselves, so they're not likely to be sued on that aspect - though quite likely this is based on the fair play stuff which was based on reverse engineering...
This might also have ramifications concerning things like X-Box and
modchips.  i.e. if Apple loses, then it will be legal for someone to build
a modchip to allow X-Box's to run Linux (but not play copied games.)
It will be an interesting fight, and if we, the consumers, are lucky, then perhaps some of the evil provisions in the DMCA will go away so we can get some more interoperability instead of vendor lock-in.
------------------------  ------------

@_date: 2004-06-14 18:12:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: [osint] Assassination Plans Found On Internet 
Or it could just be agitprop meant to raise the theat level back up a notch, or provide more funding to the surveillance kitty.

@_date: 2004-06-18 19:55:43
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Antipiracy bill targets technology 
What was that old saw that went "Well, you're equipped to be a whore, but
you're not?" again?  how about banning chainsaws, they can kill or main
people too and yes, cars, and trains, and airplanes, plastic shopping bags
without holes, belts, rope, wire, electricity, etc. they can all be used
to kill.  all of which is unlawful.
Um, remind me again, when exactly is it lawful to exploit children?  Oh, wait, that's right!  When they're in other countries, then, you can make them work in sweatshops producing Nike's, Levi's, GAP, etc. products... oh, sorry, I forgot.
so how soon before we ban paper and pencil? or keyboards, hands - because they can hold pencils or type, and eyeballs and ears, because they can see video and hear music?

@_date: 2004-06-23 10:25:05
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: my name is Doe, John Doe 
How about "rm -rf /"
First name is "rm" middle is "-rf" last is "/"

@_date: 2004-06-28 11:37:52
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
One phone I'd like to recommend against is the SideKick.  I've no idea if it's got a GPS receiver or not - likely it doesn't need one since it's GPRS and can use tower timing as discussed before.
I'm recommending against it, because while I love the phone and its features, it's too big brotherish.  Example: if you write an email while it's out of range of a cell tower, and hit send, it will store the email into the Send folder.  If you then try to delete that email from the Send folder it will give you an error saying "I can't do this right now because I need to first synchronize with the server."
Which means even emails you want to erase will be first sent to the It does have an ssh client, a web browser, and an AIM client, but I use
these with caution, especially the SSH client.
It's also got a USB 2.0 plug and an IR transceiver, but I've not been able to make any use of either, nor seen any options to enable/disable them.  For all I know the IRDA could always on and will talk to anyone, etc.
You don't "own" anything on this phone despite the appearance to the
I was also considering Palm phones, but Palm OS is piss poor at memory
protection so any application can clobber/read/spy on any other, so if there's spyware in the code that talks to cell towers, you're at its mercy, and it can read anything you've got in it.

@_date: 2004-03-01 08:48:55
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Gentlemen reading mail part II 
Indeed, he was supposed to represent the UN, not the USA, nor the UK.  It says quite a whole lot when someone who should have been "fair and balanced" (ribbing Fox) to all sides involved thought himself to be on the same side of only one part of the equation, then found himself bugged by that side.

@_date: 2004-03-01 10:42:03
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Gentlemen reading mail part II 
Sure there is.  Plenty.  You feed'em barium and see how they react - or if they somehow tip their hand by acting on the information fed to them.  In this case, that would have been unlikely useful as these are pros.
For example, one way to piss them off is to attempt to sing when you have zero singing skills, and do it for hours on end, purposely off key, abusing whatever instrument is available...  Or playing something very annoying/disturbing over and over again...
Large doses of Aphex Twin or Beavis and Butthead, dogs barking, etc.  Ditto on unimportant phone and cell conversations, especially while driving in your car, or for even more phone fun, call yourself from the cell phone and let the minutes add up and playing some of the above, or better yet, put the cell phone and phone handset together and let the sweet digital feedback built up.  Whatever you're paying in cellphone minutes is far less than what they're wasting on surveillance, that's for sure.
Or, instead of having fun with them, you go about your business pretending to be on the side of those bugging you, then do whatever it is you need to do anyway and surprise them at the last moment.  This involves typing one memo on your desk computer in the office, and delivering a totally different - perhaps handwritten at the last moment before it's actually needed, then make lots of public noise loudly about being hampered, etc.
(This is likely what he did to avoid being found in the woods with his wrists slashed...)
[Hmmm, I really should have substituted that "you" with the more English "one" in order to clarify that I don't mean the nym known as Tyler Durden, of course...  but that would be a bit too British for my taste.]  :)

@_date: 2004-03-01 21:58:54
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Gentlemen reading mail part II (opsec review) 
Coventry.  Story goes Churchill had info from Bletchley Enigma intercepts that Coventry was next to be bombed, but if he evacuated it, the Germans would have suspected that Enigma was cracked.  I've also heard references that this was an urban legend, not sure.
However, they did sink quite a lot of subs based on triangulation + Enigma decrypts by fortuitously sending an airplane in the area they knew the subs would be before hunting them down - as cover to say that the subs were spotted...  This way they could sink the subs and still let the Germans think that Enigma was safe.

@_date: 2004-03-03 13:12:08
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Virus with encrypted zip file - Important notify about your 
Interesting virus - anyone know what this one is called and what it's payload does?  Haven't seen this one before today...
It attaches a zip file with a password containing an executable.  (No worries, I've not run it, and only extracted it on a SPARC machine, so it can't use buffer overflows designed for intel in unzip -- if any exist.)
I've seen several of these from various cypherpunk nodes, and initially thought someone was attacking cypherpunks nodes again...
So what it is likely grabbing the domian name and capitalizing the first letter and inserting "The" and "team." around it to make it look like it's from the ISP...  It's also using various random reasons (mailbox is full, spamming, account about to expire, account abuse, can't go out with you tonight, have to wash hamster's hair, etc.)
Interesting that a virus would use an encrypted ZIP file.  Of course it does a dumb thing in terms of "security purposes" of sending the password with the attachment.  Certainly that isn't something a security wise person would do, *BUT* the true purpose of this ploy is likely an attempt for it to get past virus scanners which demime/unzip files through multiple layers, and would be able to detect the attachment is malware.
So this thing is probably carrying code to ZIP+encrypt files as well as MIME and possibly it's own SMTP client...  Pretty amazing for a 12K binary...  Well, not really. :)  I guess I'm used to seeing bloatware like Office 2000 - oh, yeah, forgot, MSFT products are virii..  :-D
Many, many, years ago, I recall there were polymorphic virii which encrypted their main body, but used various methods to build the extractor such that you (as an antivirus writer) couldn't easily get signatures from the extractor portion.  I believe they used permutations of opcodes which did the same thing under x86, but enough random combinations to prevent getting a useful virus signature.
It probably won't be long before we'll start seeing those again in modern Certainly email virus scanners shouldn't allow .EXE - even if inside of .ZIP archives anyway, but it's still interesting to see how the evil virus writers find new ways to push their crud on the  "If it's got dancing nude hippos, I'll click on it gladly, safety be damned" sheeple.  Now it's just exploiting the "I'll obey any instruction from any so called authority if you throw in the magic word 'reasons of security' in it."
What's really funny to me personally is that at my last job we were asked to send self decrypting PGP EXE's that contained the actual data to clients who didn't have PGP, and wouldn't know it from a hole in a wall.  We'd then tell them the (usually lame) password over the phone.  If any of those clients receive one of these, I can absolutely guarantee that they'll open it and spread this evil crap.

@_date: 2004-03-03 13:24:14
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Don't Panic - Not All Jobs Are Headed Overseas 
If you really think about CEO, CFO, CIO jobs can >ALL< be exported to India , and there won't be anything to stop the boards of major companies from doing that.
India's not even the end all of outsourcing - there's nothing special about India that some other third-world country couldn't do at lower prices once enough of their populous is trained to speak almost accent free English and to pretend their names are "Joan Sanchez from Ohio"...  Once there is cheap labor, cheap telepresence with enough bandwidth to do the job, even a boat parked 30 miles off the muddy shores of East Elbonia would work.  The occasional air trip would be needed to slap skin with a few people here and there, but  it's not always required...
After all, the CEO usually reports to the board and is working for the board's best interests, not necessarily for the company's best interests.
Most of the .com's I've worked at, the CEO was hired to do one single thing: pump up the image of the company to make it look like a big jucy steak when it was all crap internally, then sell the turd off to a sucker.   This of course results in the immediate job loss of 90% of the employees, (That of course isn't the case where the CEO is a founder and has reasons other than stock price to run the company.)
Ok, that's a wet dream I suppose... but there's very little reason why those jobs can't be outsourced.  Toward the end of the dot bomb era, there were a few companies offering part time temporary Cxx's for a fee because it was hard for the .com's to find brand name well known CEO's, etc.  So if they can be bought by the hour part time, (cultural, accent issues aside) no reason that they have to be physically in the US.

@_date: 2004-03-11 09:57:55
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: I'd recognise that ear, anywhere 
This is old news.
No, really, I'm not channeling Mr. May and telling you to hit the archives...  A few years ago, this was a topic here, and the outcome was that cypherpunks should wear their hair long so as to cover their ears. Kinda goes with the long hair - 10 gallon hat kinda look. :)
I believe the INS requires pictures at 45 degrees for green cards, but not passports(???), so that they can see one ear (or enough of it to use as ID) so it's quite likely that somewhere some black budget project likely already made leaps into this technology, and that this is possibly just another example of a university doing stuff that the spooks have already done 10 years ago - or whenever...

@_date: 2004-03-12 10:02:39
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: I'd recognise that ear, anywhere 
Not when it pretends to be a new and wonderful idea, and ignores its past.
Sort of like Apple announcing the world's first 64 bit desktop computer when many of us have had DEC Alpha's and UltraSPARC machines on our desks since the early/mid 90's -- for example.  (And then it turns out, they don't even have a 64 bit OS for it yet!)

@_date: 2004-03-15 13:08:22
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: 'Special skills draft' on drawing board 
So is this Uncle Sam's way of getting good workers for no pay?  You could expect the same kinds of skills to bring in several hundred dollars per hour in the .mil consulting sphere...
Huh... So working from January to April/May to pay one's tax burden isn't enough service to the republic anymore? (where tax burden = billions wasted on the Iraq/Afghanistani wars, overthrowing elections in Argentina, causing riots in Haiti and Africa, etc.)
Now they're resorting to what pretty much amounts to slavery?  How soon before .gov just absorbs Exxon, IBM, Sun, HP, Haliburton, Bechtel and all of interest directly? How soon before .gov comes out of the fascism closet already and announces itself for what it really is?
Bah! I may as well learn to flip burgers and ask if fries will be part of the order today...  being a sysadmin isn't getting me employed anymore anyway.  :(

@_date: 2004-03-17 09:02:17
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Saving Opportunistic Encryption 
I absolutely agree.  While it's possible to do things like MIM attacks if you don't know who the other guy is, look at how successful SSH is over any other kind of solution.  Its biggest competitor at the time it was introduced was kerberized telnet/ftp.  How many networks do you know that use Kerberos instead of ssh these days?
Look at how many folks use PGP - those who really know it and want it, or those who know enough about it and have some easily automated implementation that plugs in to their mail client. (i.e. commercial pgp with Eudora/Outlook plug in.  As an aside, I'm still pissed off that the Mozilla mail client doesn't support PGP/GPG in addition to S/MIME or whatever the hell..)
Adding another infrastructure requirement that requires ISP layer changes will exponentially raise resistance to its adoption.  While I do run my own server for mail/web, 99.9% of the internet luser population doesn't - and even so, I chose not to run my own DNS server.  (Allowing register.com to do so makes it safer for me: it's one less service that might be compromised due to possible bugs.)
Making it optional to add that infrastructure layer - whether it's via DNS, LDAP, signed public keys, web o' trust / pgp keyserver, finger, or even something entirely new, is probably the safer way to go, BUT don't require it.
There do exist transparent web caching proxies out there (usually advertised as web accelerators.)  I ran across such a few months ago when our satellite office couldn't connect to one of our servers.  We were using private dns virtual host names to access management web pages on our servers.  However the proxy intercepted those requests, and tried to resolve DNS, but obviously couldn't, so everyone in the office got a DNS error.  It took some pretty strong words to get the ISP to even admit that they were using such a beast, much less disable it just for us.
It's certainly possible to create a proxy to do MitM interception that would foil even SSH.  This wouldn't work so well against mobile devices which might fortuitously use a different route, but would work very well one hop above the server if that's the only pipe the server has.
There are ways to protect against this such as publishing a line for the known-hosts entry by other means, but no one does this (yet?)  (i.e: sneakernet, finger, web page, pgp signed/encrypted email, over the telephone, etc.)   (Another useful thing is to use public keys for SSH instead of passwords: this way the attacker won't be able to reuse your password - but you're still compromised the second you login.)
There are some rare cases where you absolutely want to know who you are talking to.  For example an https server that allows control of financial data.  Even in that case the server doesn't fully know who the client is, and doesn't need to (in order to establish the secure link) -- until a login (or CC info) is presented.  In the case of using OE to talk to a server, the client already has some idea of the server's identity, and the server will eventually have some idea of who the client is.
As an aside: Just doing the above to encapsulate emails won't help at all against spamming: the spammers will just randomly generate throw away public keys, etc.  They've already written trojan spammers with their own SMTP servers built in, it's only a few more (thousand?) lines of code to incrementally bypass that layer as well.
I've already seen a few years ago spam sites that return "yahoo.com" and "msn.com" in reverse DNS, but doing traceroutes reveals that they're actually in Korea or China, etc.  So you can't fully rely on (spoofable) DNS info anyway.
If any of you remember the recent virii attacks where the attachment is a password protected zip file with the password in the body of the email, guess what: the evil ones kicked it up a notch once more.
Just yesterday, I saw a new form of this on cpunx: instead of a ZIP attachment, the new malware uses a RAR archive, and instead of the password being in clear text, it's inside an a randomly named attached .GIF file! They've not obscured it, so it's possible to add OCR to the anti-virus code, but it's now it's that much harder for the anti-virus to block.
Just as the virus authors evolve their code to adapt their offenses to the defenses of virus scanners, so will the spammers evolve their code to bypass spam filters, and we've already seen that spammers use virii/worms to spread their code...
Distributed computing is already here.  Shame that it's biggest use is currently for evil.  Ugh! :(

@_date: 2004-03-30 16:18:29
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
Or more accurately - Neo CONfidence artist.  Would be nice to turn those into NEO convicts, but we may as well dream of a free country.
Many, many, thanks go to Richard Clarke for exposing the truth we all So, I'm not quite current about the Gilmore dismissal - is the subject line misspelled?  Is there some URL regarding news of this?  I take it from the gripes that John's lawsuit against Asscruft re: flying without ID was

@_date: 2004-05-13 09:32:40
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Shoulder surfing for passwords by ear 
Hmmm, sounds like we now need keystroke sound jammers.  Shouldn't be too hard to implement if you have a good random noise generator, but it could get annoying if you play white/pink noise while a password prompt pops up.
Of course, there's still the issue of the pinhole camera in the ceiling tiles aimed at your keyboard, but that's old hat. :)
I wonder if different users hit the keys in a different enough way to make any difference...
'Whispering keyboards' could be next attack trend
By Niall McKay, Contributing Writer
11 May 2004 | SearchSecurity.com
OAKLAND -- Listen to this: Eavesdroppers can decipher what is typed by simply listening to the sound of a keystroke, according to a scientist at this week's IEEE Symposium of Security and Privacy in Oakland, Calif.
Each key on computer keyboards, telephones and even ATM machines makes a unique sound as each key is depressed and released, according to a paper entitled "Keyboard Acoustic Emanations" presented Monday by IBM research scientist Dmitri Asonov.
All that is needed is about $200 worth of microphones and sound processing and PC neural networking software.
Today's keyboard, telephone keypads, ATM machines and even door locks have a rubber membrane underneath the keys.
"This membrane acts like a drum, and each key hits the drum in a different location and produces a unique frequency or sound that the neural networking software can decipher," said Asonov.

@_date: 2004-11-06 19:10:11
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Broward machines count backward 
It sounds suspiciously like an int16 issue.
32K is close enough to 32767 after which a 16 bit integer goes negative when incremented.  Which is odd because it should roll over, not count perhaps they did something like this:
note the use of abs on reporting.
int16 votes[MAX_CANDIDATES];
void add_a_vote(uint8 candidate)
 if (candidate>MAX_CANDIDATES) return;
 votes[candidate]++;
void report(void)
 int i;
 for (i=0; i:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-01 13:03:12
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Federal program to monitor everyone on the road 
Federal program to monitor everyone on the road
Interesting article about the Fed's plans to develop an all-knowing intelligent highway system.
    Most people have probably never heard of the agency, called the Intelligent Transportation Systems Joint Program Office. And they haven't heard of its plans to add another dimension to our national road system, one that uses tracking and sensor technology to erase the lines between cars, the road and the government transportation management centers from which every aspect of transportation will be observed and managed.
    For 13 years, a powerful group of car manufacturers, technology companies and government interests has fought to bring this system to life. They envision a future in which massive databases will track the comings and goings of everyone who travels by car or mass transit. The only way for people to evade the national transportation tracking system they're creating will be to travel on foot. Drive your car, and your every movement could be recorded and archived. The federal government will know the exact route you drove to work, how many times you braked along the way, the precise moment you arrived -- and that every other Tuesday you opt to ride the bus.
Link to actual story:  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-07 06:19:43
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Most Disturbing Yet - Senate Wants Database Dragnet  
Senate Wants Database Dragnet By Ryan Singel  02:00 AM Oct. 06, 2004 PT
The Senate could pass a bill as early as Wednesday evening that would let government counter-terrorist investigators instantly query a massive system of interconnected commercial and government databases that hold billions of records on Americans.
The proposed network is based on the Markle Foundation Task Force's December 2003 report, which envisioned a system that would allow FBI and CIA agents, as well as police officers and some companies, to quickly search intelligence, criminal and commercial databases. The proposal is so radical, the bill allocates $50 million just to fund the system's specifications and privacy policies. To prevent abuses of the system, the Markle task force recommended anonymized technology, graduated levels of permission-based access and automated auditing software constantly hunting for abuses.
{Huh?  How would anonimized access PREVENT abuses?}
An appendix to the report went so far as to suggest that the system should "identify known associates of the terrorist suspect, within 30 seconds, using shared addressees, records of phone calls to and from the suspect's phone, e-mails to and from the suspect's accounts, financial transactions, travel history and reservations, and common memberships in organizations, including (with appropriate safeguards) religious and expressive  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-07 14:14:17
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: RFID Driver's licenses for VA 
So the cops and RFID h4x0rZ can know your true name from a distance.  and since RFID tags, are what, $0.05 each, the terrorists and ID counterfitters will be able to make fake ones too... Whee!
RFID Driver's Licenses Debated By Mark Baard
Story location: 09:50 AM Oct. 06, 2004 PT
Some federal and state government officials want to make state driver's licenses harder to counterfeit or steal, by adding computer chips that emit a radio signal bearing a license holder's unique, personal In Virginia, where several of the 9/11 hijackers obtained driver's licenses, state legislators Wednesday will hear testimony about how radio frequency identification, or RFID, tags may prevent identity fraud and help thwart terrorists using falsified documents to move about the Privacy advocates will argue that the radio tags will also make it easy for the government to spy on its citizens and exacerbate identity theft, one of the problems the technology is meant to relieve.
Because information on RFID tags can be picked up from many feet away,  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-08 07:00:20
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Bush "wins" 
Thursday, October 7, 2004
TV station reports that Bush has been elected President
WBAY TV in Green Bay, Wisconsin is running an AP article reporting that Bush has won the election, weeks before the election is to take place. (Click image for enlargement."
    wbayAt this hour, President Bush has won re-election as president by a 47 percent to 43 percent margin in the popular vote nationwide. Ralph Nader has 1 percent of the vote nationwide. That's with 51 percent of the precincts reporting....
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-12 11:29:05
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Congress Close to Establishing Rules for Driver's Licenses 
Right, just because your Passport or driver's license expired, doesn't mean that you got any younger and therefore shouldn't drink.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-12 14:33:25
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: cryptome.org down? 
DNS seems to resolve, but never get to the web server.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-16 22:12:52
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
There is still of course the matter of the unexploded bombs in that building that were dug out, and that the ATF received a "Don't come in to work" page on their beepers, and the seize and classification of all surveilance video tapes from things like ATM's across the street.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-18 14:22:02
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
I think you need to read this remake of the "First they came for the commies" poem.  Short translation - whenever anyone's rights are being trampled upon, whether it affects you or not, you should protest.
Goes along with one of the unsaid credos about cypherpunks: "I absolutely disagree with what she said, but I'll defend to the death her right to say it." which along with "Cypherpunks write code" fell quite short of its Here I'll save you the trouble.
- - -
They came for the Muslims, and I didn't speak up...
By Stephen Rohde
(Author's Note:  The USA Patriot Act became law a little over one year First they came for the Muslims, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a  Then they came for the immigrants, detaining them indefinitely solely on the certification of the attorney general, and I didn't speak up because I  wasn't an immigrant.
Then they came to eavesdrop on suspects consulting with their attorneys, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a suspect.
Then they came to prosecute noncitizens before secret military commissions, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a noncitizen.
Then they came to enter homes and offices for unannounced "sneak and peak"  searches, and I didn't speak up because I had nothing to hide.
Then they came to reinstate Cointelpro and resume the infiltration and  surveillance of domestic religious and political groups, and I didn't speak up because I no longer participated in any groups.
Then they came to arrest American citizens and hold them indefinitely  without any charges and without access to lawyers, and I didn't speak up because I would never be arrested.
Then they came to institute TIPS (Terrorism Information and Prevention  System) recruiting citizens to spy on other citizens and I didn't speak up because I was afraid.
Then they came for anyone who objected to government policy because it only aided the terrorists and gave ammunition to America's enemies, and I didn't  speak up ... because I didn't speak up.
Then they came for me, and by that time, no one was left to speak up.
    Forum Column (from the Daily Journal, 11/20/02). Stephen Rohde is an attorney. He edited American Words of Freedom and was was president of the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California.
Does Rohde's text seem familiar? It should. He based it on one of the web's most widely-circulated texts about silence in the face of evil:
        In Germany, the Nazis first came for the communists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a communist. Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew. Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist. Then they came for the Catholics, but I didn't speak up because I was a protestant. Then they came for me, and by that time there was no one left to speak for me.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-18 21:43:31
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
Google revealed:
and so on.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-20 06:32:23
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
I see.  I'm sure that Dubbya has his own agenda filled with Shoulds, as
does Bin Ladin, as did Lenin, as did Hitler, as did Nero, as do you.  Each saw (or see) their views as the way to Utopia.  Trouble is, which one
of you megalomaniacs is/was right?
Further to the point, reality is, and what clearly "should" and makes
sense to to you, clearly "doesn't" to another.  The only difference
between you and the others above is that you lack the power to bend
reality to your whims, and IMHO, that is a very good thing.  It is sad the
the above list contained megalomaniacs who did possess that power and used
it to cause great misery to others, and had to be removed from inflicting
their whims on the world at great expense.  Perhaps in a couple of weeks,
US Citizens will vote one of those out the list as he's already done
plenty of damage in the last four years, and save us another miserable four years.
So yes, perhaps, in the fine tradition of what should be instead of what
is, you, sir, should go fuck yourself.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-20 13:05:01
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
Re: Gitmo
And you were there and kept an eye on each and every guard, interrogator, and prisoner to make sure that the POW's weren't tortured?
Wow, you are good...  or phrased another way, what brand of crack are you smokin' 'cause the rest of us thin it's some really good shit and would like to have some too...
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-20 21:27:41
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
I repeat:
And you were there and kept an eye on each and every guard, interrogator, and prisoner to make sure that the POW's weren't tortured?
And I add:
And you were there and witnessed the attrocities that said prisoners committed in order to be placed in Gitmo?
No? to both questions?  Then your comment is worthless.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-21 09:57:28
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Printers betray document secrets 
Simple way to test.  Get two printers of the same make and model.  Print identical documents on both printers, scan them, diff the scans.  Some will be noise, repeat several times, see which noise repeats and you get closer and closer to the serial  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-21 10:26:44
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
I made no claims, you did, rather I asked you sarcastically to validate
your claims, after which you further assumed on top of other mistaken
assumptions, that I made claims countering yours, which I did not.
Perhaps you should examine your own words.
IMHO, you are a misguided armchair general who sees yourself as equal to those scumbags that have risen in power to lead or enslave nations since you seem to constantly say "they should have done X, and not Y" and are constantly seeking to go against with reality with "W should be the case, not X" even though W cannot happen while X does.  Yes, that is my unprofessional opinion.  And yet, while impotent to achive your views of reality, you insist on sharing it, as if anyone gives a rats ass.
It was entertaining, but it's getting old.
I doubt that it would be long before you'll be sporting a tin foil hat.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-21 13:41:55
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
No you imbecile, I'm telling no one anything, other than you to get a clue.  Where did I tell people who are under attack to suck it up?
All I did was point out that you weren't there and therefore any comment you care to make about it is bound to be flawed.
Please find yourself a clue store and open your wallet - wide.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-22 13:06:28
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: James A. Donald's insanity 
Where did I write to you that it's horrible thing to lock people up in
Gitmo, or that "we" (whomever that is) deserve to be attacked?  Show me
the email, with headers that says such a thing.
Oh, wait, you can't, because I never wrote such.  Let's see, so you've got lots of people questioning your version of various events, and you've got claims that various people wrote things that they did not, and lots of people challenging the accuracy and indeed, truth of your statements.
Hmmm... So what is the obvious conclusion there?  The whole world must be
against you?  Nah, you're not important enough to be paranoid.  So, what is the obvious conclusion?  No, no, 2+2 is not 5, even for
extremely large values of 2...  Come on, come on, out with it, say it, say it...  That's right!  *Ding*
you're reality challenged.
Ah!  There, doesn't that feel better?  Now, please, go back and take your
meds before the nice men in the white coats come to take you to the funny
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-30 14:42:25
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: bin Laden gets a Promotion 
As usual, South Park is a great source of wisdom.  So, are you voting for the Giant Douche or the Turd Sandwich?
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-10-30 17:26:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: bin Laden gets a Promotion 
No! You must vote for the Giant Douche!  Or the Terrorists Win!
But won't someone think of the chiiiildren!  If you vote for the Douche, the ChiiiillLdren will die!
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-09-01 16:38:59
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: The cages on the Hudson, AKA Little Guantanamo (fwd) 
Wheee!  NYC==Police State for the last week for those of you living under
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-09-01 21:02:18
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: The cages on the Hudson, AKA Little Guantanamo (fwd) 
Um, don't know what you've been smoking but:
a. there is no "we", except individuals with the freedom to chose their
own actions. b. cops have guns. c. some cops have armor and semi (or full?) automatics along with the
"non-lethal" weaponry. d. non-cops don't and aren't allowed to carry the same weaponry. (Unless
your version of "we" includes some arsenal and has been watching lots of
A-Team reruns, I doubt that there's not much the cops can't do and mostly
get away with it.)
Yeah, "Not totally." Just like Red China isn't a total totalitarian state,
and it allowed the students at Tienamen Sq to demonstrate.  We're not too
far away from that, except these cops don't (yet?) have tanks and as far
as has been reported in the media, haven't murdered anyone in the
protests, and that the arrested have been let out a few days later rather
than tortured.
It's certainly inching towards totalitarianism and away from "the right of
the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a
redress" (not, there's nothing in that text about protest pens, open your
bag searches, show me your ID, or protest permits.)
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-09-07 05:53:08
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: stegedetect - looks like "we" need better mice 
Steganography Detection with Stegdetect
Stegdetect is an automated tool for detecting steganographic content in images. It is capable of detecting several different steganographic methods to embed hidden information in JPEG images. Currently, the detectable schemes are
    * jsteg,
    * jphide (unix and windows),
    * invisible secrets,
    * outguess 01.3b,
    * F5 (header analysis),
    * appendX and camouflage.
Stegbreak is used to launch dictionary attacks against JSteg-Shell, JPHide and OutGuess 0.13b.
Stegdetect and Stegbreak have been developed by Niels Provos.  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-09-07 10:41:53
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: Maths holy grail could bring disaster for internet 
Forgive my ignorance, but would other PK schemes that don't rely on prime
numbers such as Elliptic Curve be affected?
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-09-07 11:57:44
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: stegedetect & Variola's Suitcase 
The answer to that question depends on some leg work which involves converting the source code to stegetect into hardware and seeing how fast that hardware runs, then multiplying by X where X is how many of the chips you can afford to build.
I'd image that it's a lot faster to have some hw that gives you a yea/nay on each JPG, than to say, attempt to crack DES.
 + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2004-09-28 14:00:04
@_author: Sunder 
@_subject: How to fuck with airports - a 1 step guide for (Redmond) 
Q: How do you cause an 800-plane pile-up at a major airport?
A: Replace working Unix systems with Microsoft Windows 2000!
Details:  + ^ + :"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.  /|\
  \|/  :They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country /\|/\
<--*-->:and our people, and neither do we." -G. W. Bush, 2004.08.05 \/|\/
  /|\  :                                                             \|/
 + v + :    War is Peace, freedom is slavery, Bush is President.

@_date: 2005-02-18 11:47:19
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Theory of Secure Computation - Joe Killian, NEC Labs 
A bit sparse on details, but a good overview of all sorts of secure protocols.  Our friends Alice and Bob are of course present in various orgies of secure protocols.  :)

@_date: 2005-01-21 13:23:36
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: new egold phisher - this time it's a malware executable 
So, the e-gold phishers are at it again... received a very nice email this morning with an attachment.  The Received-From header showed this beauty: "from 195.56.214.184 (dwwsaviej at cable-214-184.hszob.fibernet.bacs-net.hu [195.56.214.184] (may be forged))"
Don't know if it's a trojan, spyware, virus, or worm, and I couldn't care less since I don't use egold, but would be interesting (just for curiosity's sake) if someone were to disassemble it to see what it does.   It's probably a password grabber of some kind, so falls under spyware, but who knows what other evil payloads were in the attachment.

@_date: 2005-01-22 12:10:59
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: new egold phisher - this time it's a malware executable 
Got another one today with a RAR attachment claiming it was a screen shot.  Text is:
Dear Sir
Yesterday you have arrived the amount of $1000 into my account. Of course, I do not object, but you probably were mistaken number of the account when transferred, and it happens not first time. Please look an attached screenshot of all your transfers into my account. I have no idea why you transfer money to me, as I do not know you, and I need no money. If you were mistaken, I'll return this money to you!
Nice... what's next?  an egold transfer from a lawyer claiming a long lost uncle kicked the bucket and left me a fortune? :-D

@_date: 2005-07-24 19:31:57
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Well, they got what they want... 
I wouldn't say "we've given up" at all - after all, we've had no choice in the matter. We weren't asked if we wanted to be searched, we weren't asked if we were willing to give up liberty for the appearance of security, we weren't asked if we were ok with atrocities such as the unpatriot act, or the national ID disguised as a standardized driver's license, we weren't asked if we were willing to pay lots of tax dollars to finance more police on every corner and all the toys that they have purchased for these tasks, or the various hollow cement "flower" pots, and other barricades.
It's not exactly a liberty that we have sacrificed, when it was taken away without consent.  There is another word for this: theft.

@_date: 2005-07-28 06:52:59
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Well, they got what they want... 
True, but I think the goal was FUD and it worked. On Tuesday (I think) both the Metro and AMNY free rags reported that all of a sudden there was a rash of suspicious packages being reported.  Ya think?  Another incident was of a homeless guy putting his luggage on a ticket counter and claiming it had a bomb in it.  Think someone yanked his chain to the point where he'd sarcasm himself into jail?  Of course the bright bulbs in charge evacuated all of Penn Station supposedly.
In another article, one that stated NYCLU was against the searches, but claimed most people were happy to open their bags and some even walked up to the cops, opened their bags and said "here, look at mine", another gave a quote from a supposed police officer saying that July had a ~23% drop in crime.  Well, that's nice and all, but the bag searches started only 3 days before, so WTF does the crime rate for July (which hasn't yet ended) have anything to do with bag searches that just started? The funniest part are the letters to the editors thanking the police and saying how wonderful it is to be living in a country where you're safe.  Of course, if you were to tell these folks 10 years ago, that you'll be subject to search when entering the subway, or that you couldn't bring a nail clipper with you when boarding an airplane, they'd go "Shucks, no way that would happen in my country!"
I love the smell of propaganda in the morning.  It smells like FUD.

@_date: 2005-06-06 17:46:05
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: /. [Intel Adds DRM to New Chips] 
In theory the above is absolutely correct.  In practice, it's extremely difficult to properly implement an accurate enough emulator, however as an emulator writer you have far more advantages than disadvantages despite the 10-100x in slowdown.  (Speaking from personal experience - no, nothing on the kind of scale we're talking about here.)  You can always have your virtual CPU decide that when it sees a certain instruction, to disobey it.  For example, when it sees a checksum check, to decide to jump around it and so forth.
Gotta love it when you can fool a program into thinking that 2+2=5 and that everything is still A-OK with that!  ;-)
If you can interface with real (protected) hardware, you might even be able to get around public key schemes with the emulator.  HP/Agilent made some wonderful logic analyzers, which are very useful against ancient hardware (think Motorola 68K chips at around 5MHz) too bad nothing in the GHz range is (cheaply?) available out there, but there's lots that can be done.
What can be done?  For example, if you have something like Palladium or whatever it's called these days, you an always build a machine that has custom RAM that can change at the flip of a switch - sort of like the old EEPROM emulators, but with RAM chips that can be flipped to a ROM instead.  You flip a switch after the DRM core has validated your BIOS and operating system, and at some point once the CPU cache gets drained, it winds up running code that it did not boot, code which you've written to do *OTHER* things for example - simply change the IRQ vectors to point to your code and you've taken over...  Mind you, all this is easier said that done, but it is possible to implement.
Remember, security is a chain, and each (media?) player out there is a link in that chain.  It only takes one broken player to wipe out your entire investment in that DRM pipe dream. Any employee with access can leak the master keys and the game is over.  Any wily hardware hacker with plenty of time on his hands can take a shot at reverse engineering any (media) player to the point of cracking it, etc.  In the end, it's a waste of time and money for the makers of DRM as there's enough interest that someone somewhere will break it at some point in the near future. You can play cat and mouse games by watermarking the output with the serial # of the player in order to lock out cracked players, but the attacker only has to break more than one player (perhaps two different models so they get both serial # and model  and compare the resulting outputs from the same movie to figure out which bits contain the watermarks.  XOR is very nice for figuring this out. :-)
None of this worries me, because I don't give a rats ass about copying movies or what not.  Couldn't care less about it.  I'll wait for the shit to make it to HBO, it's usually not worth watching the waste of Hollywood plotless overhyped crud anyway, so why worry about copying it?  The few titles that are worth watching, are also well worth buying, and after a few months they can be had for under $20, so why bother?
What is cause for worry is that it's quite _possible_ for Intel or other chip manufacturers to insert backdoors in their hardware which someone will go through the trouble of discovering, which does put everyone at risk.  No matter how good your operating system and firewall rules, if your network card (and drivers) decide to bend over upon receiving a specially crafted packet, you're owned just the same. Mind you, I've never run across anything close to this, except perhaps the old F00FC7C8 bug in the original pentium (which really was a DOS, not a back door) and the old UltraSparc I in 64 bit mode multiuser hole.  The Pentium IV hyperthreading bug is something recent to worry about along the same line of thought.
Sadly, you haven't got much choice in this matter, you have to assume that you can trust the hardware that you run on (unless you're willing to make your own and have the resources to do so, etc.)

@_date: 2005-03-07 11:10:46
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: NSA specifies elliptic-curve crypto for security applications 
NSA specifies elliptic-curve crypto for security applications
By Loring Wirbel , EE Times March 03, 2005 (10:22 AM EST)
URL:  Last October, the agency referred to ECC as one of the few public-key systems that could meet equivalent security standards to the private-key NSA (Fort Meade, Md.) is recommending a series of algorithms called "Suite B" for securing sensitive and unclassified data. Suite B includes Elliptic-Curve Menezes-Qu-Vanstone and Elliptic-Curve Diffie-Hellman for key agreement, along with the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm for digital signatures.
AES and Secure Hashing Algorithm also are included in Suite B.

@_date: 2005-05-02 15:09:45
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Email Certification? 
Suggestion - you can do what advertisers do - encode a web bug image as part of some jucy html emails on a web server that you own and check your logs.  (not sure if hotmail or whatever allows this, as I don't use their cruft.)
Make sure that unlike a web bug you don't set the name so it looks like a web bug (i.e. don't call it 1x1.gif) and don't set the image size attributes on the IMG SRC tag to say 1x1.  Instead make the file name into something that looks like it came from a digital camera and put it in a path that matches that cover story.
ie: No guarantee that someone won't read the email as source and thus not grab the image too, but you can make it look like the content of the image is important to the message's content and jucy enough to make whomever you believe is spying on you want to fetch it.  i.e. "Here's a picture of the party, you can clearly see he's got a crack pipe in his hand and his eyes are dialated.  I'm thinkin' of reporting him to deh fedz, what do u think?"    (I'm assuming that the feds are your threat model here, but you can vary this up with whatever threat model you think is appropriate.  i.e. if you think your woman is spying on you, make it a fake email from your supposed mistress, something she'd want to open - i.e. subject "I'm gonna tell ur wife about us if you don't do X".)
I'd also make sure that nothing on the webserver itself points to the directory where this lives so it can't be picked up by the search spiders/bots accidentally, and make sure that you don't allow the directory it lives in to have an auto-index.
Then, watch the server logs like a paranoid hawk with a caffeine addiction problem and hope they bite, when they do, you know they've read the other emails.  You also have to make sure that you don't accidentally open these emails yourself, or leave an open web browser with your account where someone can randomly snoop.)
But of course, since you are using hotmail and you're about to receive this email, if your account is watched, guess what, you can no longer use this method.  Oh well.
boundary conditions) that some has read it? This is a different problem from merely trying to retain secrecy.
themselves from more run-of-the-mill operations might be exploited in an interesting way. Or at least force them to "commit" to officially surveiling you, thereby (one hopes) subjecting them to whatever frail tatters of the law still exist.
tempest you, I'd bet they'd prefer not to inform your local security company. They'd rather just shut down your alarm system and I bet this is easy for them.
intrusion, and about this I shall say no more...

@_date: 2005-05-02 15:26:18
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Secure erasing Info (fwd from richard@SCL.UTAH.EDU) 
Yeah, but these days, I'd go with the largest flash drive I could afford.  USB2 or otherwise.  I don't believe you can recover data from these once you actually overwrite the bits (anyone out there know any They're either 1 or 0, there's no extra ferrite molecules to the left or the right of the track to pick up a signal from  ;-)  As always encrypt the data you write to the device. I wouldn't overwrite flash repeatedly (i.e. the Guttman method of 35 writes) though, there's a limit on the number of writes, after which it goes bad.  I'd overwrite it once with random data.

@_date: 2005-05-03 13:10:07
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Secure erasing Info (fwd from richard@SCL.UTAH.EDU) 
Incase anyone's too lazy to google it, Peter Gutmann's paper can be found here: Good point.  So, modify that with - create a block-level encrypted file system on the flash drive, so long as you key and passphrase are good, you should be safe enough...  I've also seen this little toy:    a bit pricey, but depending on your threat model, might add another layer of protection.  Not something I'd personally bother with - esp with the recent stuff about how to make fake fingerprints, etc (funny thing is that your fingerprints will be on the case of this thing, so not much security there), but YMMV based on your threat model, right?    But, as always, encrypt early and often.  :-D
Would make an interesting side conversation about how fingerprints are passwords, but passwords that can (now?) be easily stolen and replayed.  IMHO, it casts doubt on a lot of biometric methods.  Wonder if it would be possible to create an image of an iris that would pass an iris scan, if so, both fingerprints and irises become much like permanent credit cards, but worse, which once duplicated, cannot be revoked.  One can imagine in the future once ATM's have iris scanners, that some evil group will set up a fake ATM with a very good CCD camera setup to capture irises as well as ATM cards and pin  and, why not, also finger prints if future ATM's use such scanners.

@_date: 2005-05-12 13:59:42
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: Terrorist-controlled cessna nearly attacks washington 
Yeah, but they both start with the same four letters and sound alike, which seems to be the attention span of those who are afraid of the boogie man and consequentially imagine they see him under every rock, or

@_date: 2005-09-28 21:43:44
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] Request: Check your cell phone to  
I've been ignoring this list for a while, so sorry for the late posting.
I remember sometime in late 99, I had one of the early blackberry pagers, the small ones that ate a single AA battery which lasted about a week or so, and had email + a small web browser inside of it.  It wasn't the blackberry phone.  Anyway, long story short, one day, said pager crashed (it is a computer after all) and I was trying to figure out how to reboot it, so I thought, fuck it, and removed the battery, the fucker stayed ON!  For over 15 minutes!
Gee, I wonder why anyone would design a cell phone or pager to be able to stay on after its battery is pulled out.  Yeah, yeah, it's just a capacitor or an internal rechargeable battery, but why would you want such a feature?
Fast forward to 2005.  Most cell phones are after all small computers with a transceiver, microphone, and speaker, and recently GPS receivers.  And now we have reports of the GPS info being transmitted all the time, "oops! it's a bug, we meant to turn it off." uh huh.  Just how much work would it be to reprogram the soft power off key, so it shuts off all the lights, and display, but still transmits GPS info, just less often?  Or also transmit audio?  What are the odds that the code on the phone already comes with this feature built in?
Of course, if it was legal to scan on cell phone frequencies, you might be able to confirm what it's sending and when, but of course, it's not legal to do that.  Even to your own phone.
Of course some phones are more equal than others.  For example, T-Mobile SideKick, which if you write an email and decide to cancel it, but you're out of range, exposes its evil self with "Sorry, we can't let you delete the email you're composing, because it hasn't been sent to the server yet!"  Gee, I wonder what that means?  Nah, it's just a bug.  (Of course, this is a totally owned platform, where T-Mobile owns your data, not you, oops, make that the hackers of a few months ago..)
Oh and if said phone is running out of batteries, it starts to complain loudly until you recharge it.  Um, yeah, it likes being on at all times.  You can "hear" it transmit occasionally when it's near amplified computer speakers or your car radio. Fun that, but could be useful.  Especially if you "heard" it transmit while it's supposedly "off." (I've honestly not heard it transmit while it's off)
Are we just too paranoid?  Nah, that's just a bug in human firmware, we'll fix that in the next brainwashing session.
(BTW: what the fuck's up with all the weirdo subject lines?  There's a perfectly good "From: " line in all SMTP headers, we don't need this shit in the subject line for fuck's sake!  What's this, the return of Jim Choate?)

@_date: 2006-12-24 11:15:11
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: A Cost Analysis of Windows Vista Content Protection 
Actually there is an escape.  Manufacturers can opt out and explicitly
support things like Linux.   They can build machines specifically
designed to run open source operating systems with open source drivers. This will catch a large portion of the newly disgruntled ex-Microsoft
crowd.  If you are a graphics card manufacturer, your display will look
sharp when not running Vista, and will be much cheaper, and outperform
those running with Vista specifically because it won't require the extra
baggage, and will be much cheaper. Being cheaper will attract the thrifty consumer, and allow higher profit
margins for the manufacturers.  Right now there are companies that build
Linux computers out of various notebooks from IBM, Sony, and Acer. These can be even cheaper if they're not first bought off the shelf and
reinstalled, but rather built for Linux from the start.
Remember how Lenovo originally said they'd only support Windows?  They
backtracked pretty quickly and supported Linux on the T60P.  Gee, I
wonder what made them do that?  But I do note that they only support one
distro of Linux, which probably means that their drivers are locked down
and closed source which is bad.
What's to stop a device manufacturer from building two sets of devices?
One set unencumbered, one set for Microsoft?  Oh, right, secret
agreements.  I'm sure that those will evaporate.  Last years card won't
meet the Vista criteria any longer, or will be cracked, so perhaps the
manufacturer will at that point open up the drivers or the specs, or
someone will reverse engineer the driver.
If you were a graphics card maker, how would you prevent your card from
going obsolete or being cracked?  Firmware upgrades you say?  Wonderful!
You've just aided reverse engineers!  They'll figure out how your
firmware process works, and once that's done, how to build their own
firmware to reflash your cards with, one that isn't encumbered.  Sure
you want to play that game?
There is already a push from the open source community to require
manufacturers to open source their drivers.  Its mainly from the OpenBSD
group, and it's certainly not a large enough push, but it will gain
momentum over time.  There were grumblings from the Linux kernel side,
but Linus was opposed.  So there are plenty who wish this to come to
pass and will lobby for it.
There already exists a project to create an open source graphics card. One where the specs and the drivers are open:
At first such things will be hobbyist projects driven by FPGA's and be
more expensive.  As momentum grows, this will change.  Besides, FPGA's
offer something far more interesting: the ability to upgrade your
hardware with just a file upload.  Throw in some off the shelf DSP's and
CPU's, fast memory (perhaps with DIMM slots for upgradeability) and
you've go the makings of a killer graphics card that could compete with
the big dogs.  In fact, why not throw in some great audio hardware too?
Just think of it, about to play back a DVD? Don't waste CPU cycles on
it, upload your mpeg1 decoder to the video card and let it's CPU do the
work.  Want to output in 3D, upload code directly to the video card and
let it's CPU do the red-blue mixing.
Want to play games, the game can upload its own code to the card so it
can be optimized for that specific game.
Want to play MP3's, OGG's?  upload the codec to the video card, and just
stream the file to the card.
Want to render a web page?  Push the HTML and its graphics directly to
the card!  And so on!
I for one, would rather pay $1500 for such a card than $500 for the
latest and greatest from nVidia or ATI.
Over time such projects will grow, and they will be fueled by
Microsoft's idiotic plans.
There is already a very nicely designed Linux computer on the market
designed to be a PVR, DVD player and fit in your living room that you
can buy for about $800 that is a better Tivo than Tivo, and doesn't
kowtow to the MPAA.  There's no reason you can't build your own of those
if you wanted to for about half the price, but it's good that there's a
consumer version of it.
It's a perfect analog for the anti-vista machine of the future.
I have a better offer to Microsoft: go fuck yourselves. Personally I haven't bought a Microsoft operating system since Windows
2000, and have no plans on upgrading to anything other than Linux,
FreeBSD, OpenSolaris, or OS X.  The XP activation dance convinced me to
not do so.  Nor will I buy any computer with Windows installed on it,
nor will I support Microsoft servers at work, despite having over 11
years of experience with it (the more you know about Windows, the more
you realize how crappy it is!)
I'm sure that whatever artificial needs for windows software I might
have will be addressed by the fact that my employer will have a windows
machine available for me to convert Office documents to whatever format
I'll need, even if they're just postscript or PDF.  In the end, even
these will evaporate, especially if Microsoft starts locking down their
data formats too.  Sure, sure, a lot of corporations will still insist
on Office and such, but slowly they will switch, and those that will
require it will have machines to allow access to them, thus allow
conversion from them.
Likely they'll realize that this will be a poison pill to them, and
loosen the restrictions, but I hope they go full steam ahead with this
plan instead.

@_date: 2006-12-30 17:09:17
@_author: sunder 
@_subject: CP Sighting: Vista security spec 'longest suicide note in   
No, actually, it doesn't.  Sun tried this with java terminals and the
like.  Not too many bought into them.  WebTV tried this, not too many
bought into it.  (Yes, I know the beast of redmond bought them.)   Many
other companies got behind the various thin clients, it didn't take off.
Odds are it won't as it's the same rehashed idea.  In the end people
vote with their wallets, and very very few showed any interest in just
another terminal.
