
@_date: 1998-07-16 13:21:25
@_author: Support Online Staff 
@_subject: Windows and Internet Explorer Support News Watch - July 13, 1998 
Windows and Internet Explorer Support News Watch
As a subscriber to the Windows and Internet Explorer Support News Watch, you receive e-mail twice each month that highlights some of the new articles recently published on Support Online, Microsoft's award-winning technical support web site. The following are new Support Online articles that answer frequently asked questions about using Windows and Internet Explorer:
 - Microsoft Windows 98
 - Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 for Windows 95 and Windows NT 4.0
 - Microsoft Windows CE
Microsoft Windows 98
WinCE: Cannot Connect Handheld PC Using Dial-Up Networking (Q189122)
WinCE 2.0: Terminal Connection Settings Spontaneously Change (Q189097)
WinCE: Infrared Connection Disconnects During Synchronization (Q189058)
WinCE: System Tool in Control Panel Lists Only One PC Card (Q188980)
WinCE: Remote Networking Connection Preferences Are Not Saved (Q188894)
Summary of Known Issues in Pocket Word on a Handheld PC (Q188782)
Summary of Issues in Note Taker on a Palm-Size PC (Q188505)
InstallShield Hangs When You Install Windows CE Services (Q188485)
Get Support Online Articles by E-mail
We also encourage you to visit Support Online at  to see our complete selection of helpful articles designed to answer questions about using Microsoft products.
New Features Make Finding Your Answers on Support Online Even Easier
Support Online recently released a number of new features to make it even easier to find the answers you need. The following highlights some of the enhancements you'll see on Support Online at  For information about how to use these new Support Online features, see - Specify an article ID number. If you know the ID number of the   Knowledge Base article you want, you can enter the ID number   to find that specific article.
- Search for troubleshooting tools. Now you can customize your   search to include troubleshooting tools only.
- Search for specific drivers and other downloadable files. If you
  know the name of the driver or download file you want, enter the
  full file name to find the file on Support Online. - See what's new. If you want to see the latest information about   a product and/or a topic, use the What's New option and select   the number of days you want to review. You can select 1, 3, 7,   14, or 30 days.  - Toggle between Advanced View and Basic View. Advanced View   offers additional search options and other features. Now you   can easily toggle between Advanced View and Basic View.
Need help using these features? See Microsoft-sponsored events:
For information on all Microsoft-sponsored events, please visit:
How to use this mailing list:
You received this e-mail newsletter as a result of your registration on the Microsoft.com Personal Information Center. You may unsubscribe from this e-mail newsletter, or subscribe to a variety of other informative e-mail newsletters, by returning to the Personal Information Center at
and changing your subscription preferences.
Alternatively, please send a reply to this e-mail with the word "unsubscribe" as the first line in the body of the message.
THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.  The information contained in this document represents the current view of Microsoft Corporation on the issues discussed as of the date of publication.  Because Microsoft must respond to change in market conditions, it should not be interpreted to be a commitment on the part of Microsoft and Microsoft cannot guarantee the accuracy of any information presented after the date of publication.
INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND FREEDOM FROM INFRINGEMENT.
The user assumes the entire risk as to the accuracy and the use of this document. This  document may be copied and distributed subject to the following conditions:
1.   All text must be copied without modification and all pages must be included
2.   All copies must contain Microsoft's copyright notice and any other notices provided therein
3.   This document may not be distributed for profit
