
@_date: 2004-05-14 13:34:54
@_author: Stephen Wolfram 
@_subject: NKS: Two Years Later 
Today marks the second anniversary of the release of A NEW KIND
OF SCIENCE. And I'm very happy to be able to report that NKS is
continuing to develop extremely well.
A wonderful community is forming around the ideas of NKS.  The
pace of research and applications is steadily building--with an
average of about one new paper now appearing every day
( NKS
classes and courses are being taught. And several times each week
we hear about an ambitious new initiative based on NKS--in
technology, or art, or business or somewhere else.
We're trying to do our part to help. Earlier this year we
released the online version of the complete book
( We launched the NKS
Forum ( We just sponsored the
second annual conference: NKS 2004
( And we're
working hard to make  the best
possible reference source and meeting place for the NKS
At the end of June, I'm looking forward to our second NKS Summer
School (
I hope we'll educate another outstanding group of NKS pioneers.  (We're still accepting applications this week at
  And later this year we'll be starting an R&D fellowship program
at our new facility near Boston.
It's been exciting to see everything that's been happening with
NKS over the past year. But it's now clearer than ever that this
is just the beginning.
Much of what's being done so far on NKS has focused on specific
models, and specific conceptual conclusions. But ultimately the
real power of NKS comes from its core: the basic science of "pure
NKS"--and its methodology of systematically exploring and
understanding what's out there in the computational universe.
New methodologies generally spread slowly. But pure NKS is
definitely gaining momentum. And this year we'll be announcing a
major initiative that I think will be an important step in moving
it forward.
Years from now, pure NKS will no doubt be a mature field like
physics or mathematics--with its own complete infrastructure for
research, education and applications. But for now it is still
wide open, and full of terrific opportunities for professionals,
students and amateurs alike.
I hope you've been able to spend time on NKS. It's always great
to hear what people are doing with NKS, and I hope you'll let us
know if you have something to share.

@_date: 2005-05-14 09:28:14
@_author: Stephen Wolfram 
@_subject: Three Years of A New Kind of Science 
Today it is three years since I published my book A New Kind of
Science. It seems like a lot longer than that--so much has
happened in the intervening time. What started as a book is
steadily emerging as a major intellectual movement with its own
structure and community.
The first year after the book came out was dominated by a
certain amount of "paradigm shift turbulence." But by the second
year, many serious projects were starting, and indicators like
the publication rate of NKS-based papers began to climb.
Now, in the third year, a recurring theme has been the emergence
of a growing group of exceptional individuals who are planning
to base their careers on NKS. There are scores of NKS-based
Ph.D. theses underway, and all sorts of NKS-based corporate
ventures--as well as our own growing NKS R&D operation in
Later this year, the first full-length independent book based on
NKS will be published, and the first independent NKS conference
will be held. In late June, we will be holding our third annual
NKS Summer School--for which there were a record number of
exceptional applicants. We are planning to have our next major
NKS conference in spring 2006; we'll be announcing the details
shortly. There will also be an NKS mini-course at our Wolfram
Technology Conference this October.
This year I myself have mostly been in a tool-building phase,
working on major new Mathematica technology that, among other
things, will be very important for NKS research--and which I
can't wait to use.
There's a lot more in the pipeline too. We're developing plans
for a new kind of publishing medium for NKS (partly based on the
Complex Systems journal that I've been publishing since 1986).
We're also planning later this year to start regular "live
experiments," in which I'll be leading public web-conferenced
explorations into the computational universe.
Also in the next few months we're planning to release a rather
unexpected consumer-oriented application of NKS, which I expect
we'll all be hearing quite a bit about.
As we begin the fourth year of NKS, I feel more optimistic than
ever before about its promise--and its significance in science,
technology, the arts, and beyond. It will be fascinating to see
where the most important NKS-based breakthroughs come from, and
what they will be.
I hope you'll have the opportunity to take part in the
excitement of the upcoming years of early NKS growth.
