
@_date: 1993-11-08 17:03:08
@_author: System Operator 
@_subject: LAW: Wireless interception 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
Here's a couple excerpts from this month's _Search and Seizure Bulletin_,
relating to interception of telephone calls.  The first reiterates
that ECPA covers interception of cellular telephone calls, whether
intentional or not, even by the authorities.  The second repeats that
there is no expectation of privacy with cordless telephones.
Interesting reasoning here: "the reasonableness of a cordless telephone
user's expectation of privacy depends on the specific technology
By that reasoning, does the use of the new 900 MHz digital telephones
(i.e. the VTech Tropez, etc.) infer a greater expectation of privacy,
even though they are still cordless telephones?
Anyway, here they are:
Interception of Call to Seized Cellular Telephone-- Language Barrier
United States v. Kim, 803 F.Supp. 352 (1992)
Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) agents questioned
two men who had bought one-way plane tickets with
cash. One of the men was Kim, a man agents had caught
with more than eight grams of methamphetamine a month
earlier. During the first encounter Kim had cooperated with
the police and signed a statement containing a "boiler plate"
paragraph. The paragraph stated Kim had read and initialed
the statement and agreed all corrections had been made and
the statement was true and correct.
During the second incident, Kim gave officers permission to a search him.
Police found a cellular telephone and
a large amount of cash. At this point, Kim was transferred
to federal custody. Kim again gave a statement and a written
summary, containing the same boiler plate paragraph, and
was released.
The DEA seized the cellular telephone under a statute
which allowed forfeiture of equipment used to carry out drug
deals. Two days after the telephone had been seized, an agent
activated it to learn the number. Within the space of a few
hours, two calls came in. The agent learned from the second
caller a "deliveryman'' was arriving that day and needed
to know which hotel to go to.
The agents knew Kim was staying at the Outrigger Phoenix
Hotel. Agents went to the hotel room, knocked on the door,
identified themselves, and threatened to "bust it down."
Kim was ill and sleeping inside. Menchavez was staying
with him. She tried to wake Kim when the police knocked,
but was barely able to rouse him. She opened the door and,
confronted by four agents with guns drawn, stepped back
to allow them in.
The agents lifted the naked Kim out of bed, slapped him,
slammed him against the wall, and shouted at him. A search
of the immediate area revealed $85,000 in cash. After the
cash was discovered, Kim was given a consent to search form,
which he signed. A further search uncovered 348 grams of
methamphetamine. Kim was arrested and signed a third state-
ment the following day.
Kim asked the court to suppress his written statements,
evidence seized during his initial encounter with the DEA
and from his car, and all evidence seized as a result of the
intercepted cellular telephone call.
DECISION: The three statements and all evidence obtained
as a result of the telephone call interception were suppressed.
Drugs seized during first encounter were admissible.
The court said cellular telephone calls are protected under
the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, just as
standard telephone calls are, and cannot be intercepted with-
out a warrant. Accordingly, the DEA agent's interception of
the call to Kim -- although unplanned-- was illegal and
all evidence seized as a result of the interception remained
Even if the interception had been legal, the evidence would
have been suppressed because 1) Menchavez did not give
the agents permission to enter the hotel room--she stepped
back from the door because agents had threaten to push it
down and had weapons drawn; and 2) Kim, being sick, naked,
and abused, did not voluntarily consent to a search of the
hotel room. Because the entry and search were illegal, Kim's
statement made the following day was inadmissible against
Kim's first two written statements were suppressed. Given
Kim's first language was Korean and evidence showed he
had a limited understanding of the boiler plate paragraph,
it could not be proved the statements were accurate.
The methamphetamine taken from Kim during the DEA's
first encounter with Kim was admissible. Kim consented to
the search of his pockets.
United States v. Gallo, 659 F.2d 110 (1981).
Expectation of Privacy
Cordless Telephone Conversations Monitored Without Warrant
United States v. Smith, 978 F.2d 171 (1992)
Varing believed his next door neighbor, Smith, had burglarized
his house. Varing used a scanner to monitor Smith's
cordless telephone conversations. When Varing overheard
Smith discussing drug deals, Varing contacted police. The
police asked Varing to tape the conversations, provided cas-
sette tapes, and were present during some of the monitoring.
No warrant was obtained.
As a result of the monitoring, Smith was arrested and
charged with narcotics offenses. Smith argued the warrantless
monitoring and recording of his telephone conversations vio-
lated his Fourth Amendment rights and the Omnibus Crime
and Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (Wire Statute). He
was convicted and appealed.
DECISION: Affirmed.
Smith failed to produce evidence he reasonably expected
his cordless telephone conversations would remain private.
A violation of the Fourth Amendment occurs when government
activity significantly intrudes on a person's reasonable
expectation of privacy. Depending on the particular
technology involved, it may or may not be reasonable for
a cordless telephone user to expect his or her conversation
will remain private. Early cordless telephones transmitted to
commercial radio frequencies and conversations could be
overheard inadvertently; some new cordless telephones cannot
be monitored without very sophisticated equipment. Accordingly,
the reasonableness of a cordless telephone user's expectation
of privacy depends on the specific technology involved.
Smith failed to offer any evidence that his belief his conversations
would remain private was reasonable.
The Wire Statute explicitly excludes cordless telephones
from its scope.
_Search and Seizure Bulletin_ is published monthly by Quinlan Publishing
Company, 23 Drydock Avenue, Boston, MA, 02210-2387.  ISSN 0037-0193.
I am operating under the assumption that relating these excerpts
is covered under the fair use doctrine.  Also, I have no connection
with Quinlan Publishing Company other than as a satisfied customer.
system at decode.UUCP (System Operator)
Cryptography, Security, Privacy BBS  +1 410 730 6734   Data/FAX

@_date: 1993-10-12 18:59:55
@_author: System Operator 
@_subject: Internet Security Scanner available 
For those of you without FTP access who would like to take
a look at the Internet Security Scanner, it is available on
my BBS in /public/crypto.  Call +1 410 730 6734, 12/24/96,
login "cypher" password "punk".
system at decode.UUCP (System Operator)
Cryptography, Security, Privacy BBS  +1 410 730 6734   Data/FAX

@_date: 1993-10-20 09:22:34
@_author: System Operator 
@_subject: PRIVACY: Shredded trash doesn't cut it 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
As if there was any doubt, the following will show that even
shredded trash is not safe:
Shredded Documents - No Privacy Interest in Public Trash
United States v. Scott, 975 F.2d 927 (1992)
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) suspected Scott of filing false
income tax returns.  IRS agent's searched Scott's garbage bags which
were left in front of his house for collection and found shredded
The agents pieced the papers together and were able to establish
probable cause to request search warrants based on the evidence
revealed in the whole documents.  The IRS presented a 47-count
indictment against Scott.
Scott moved to suppress the evidence, claiming the search of his
garbage violated his privacy interests.  His motion was granted and
the United States appealed.
DECISION: Reversed and sent back to the lower court.
The Constitution does not prohibit the warrantless seizure of shredded
documents found in public trash.
Scott relinquished his reasonable expectation of privacy in the garbage
once he abandoned it outside his house to be collected or destroyed by
a third party.  That he may have desired secrecy by shredding the documents
does not change the fact he left the garbage in the public domain,
and the police were free to use their resources to collect the evidence.
A legitimate expectation of privacy is measured not by the individual's
desire to maintain secrecy, but by whether the government's action
violates constitutionally recognized privacy rights.  Because Scott
had no constitutionally protected privacy interest in this trash, the
appeals court decided his motion to suppress should have been denied.
California v. Greenwood, 486 U.S. 35, 108 S.Ct. 1625, 100 L.Ed.2d 30 (1988)
United States v. Mustone, 469 F.2d 970 (1972)
system at decode.UUCP (System Operator)
Cryptography, Security, Privacy BBS  +1 410 730 6734   Data/FAX

@_date: 1994-03-15 05:42:09
@_author: System Operator 
@_subject: spyproofing your house/work building 
Make sure the drapes block IR.  There are instances of even local
police forces flooding the front of a house with IR light, and
viewing the activities inside with IR viewers -- all of this
through closed drapes.
system at decode.UUCP (System Operator)
Cryptography, Security, Privacy BBS  +1 410 730 6734   Data/FAX

@_date: 1994-03-15 14:43:55
@_author: System Operator 
@_subject: spyproofing your house/work building 
This is getting rather far afield, but I'll answer:
Light sources to generate usable IR aren't any larger than visible
systems, and do not generate the amounts of heat you're imagining.
These aren't Kentucky Fried Chicken food warmers.  Pick any of several
security industry magazines and you'll find many advertisements for
"undetectable" (in the sense of being visible to the naked eye) IR
surveillance systems.  Even the FLIR systems mounted on police observation
helicopters (Ft. Worth being the most notable user) are easily mounted
inside a van or delivery truck.
observation method immediately prior to initiating hostage rescue.
It will be interesting to see if any "peeping tom" cases come out of
the large amount of Soviet night vision gear now available,
relatively cheaply, to civilians.  Due to it's low price, it has
also become popular with local police departments.  Even the town
I went to high school in, population 10,000, has some night vision gear.
system at decode.UUCP (System Operator)
Cryptography, Security, Privacy BBS  +1 410 730 6734   Data/FAX

@_date: 1994-03-30 11:40:07
@_author: System Operator 
@_subject: Anti-Clipper leaflet at government expo 
This is a few days late, but in a going through the stack of items
I picked up at the FOSE show in Washington, DC, last week,
I found a 3 inch by 5 inch yellow flyer with the following message:
