
@_date: 1993-08-11 17:37:28
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Privacy-friendly auditing 
Tony Hamilton:
Sounds like another use for the hypothetical Auditing Protocol recently mentioned on the cypherpunks list.  The problem is to figure out a way to audit the accounts of a bank, to determine if there are sufficient reserves,
without divulging information on the accounts
therein, or having to trust an outside auditing agency with the
accounts' privacy.  If such a protocol could be discovered it might also apply to this problem (or vice versa), how to audit the returns of an investment fund or strategy, without revealing information on the participants in such a fund, or revealing the specific strategy.  One approach might be to express the strategy as a unique string which
hashes to a unique digital signature, which can then be published
along with the returns.   Has anybody thought of a more formal way to express this
problem?  Ways to audit a bank without divulging customer
privacy were also discussed at that July Bay Area
cypherpunks meeting, and I'll bring up the question again this
Governments are quite biased by political concerns, eg the desire
to raise taxes and spending, to make themselves look good for
elections, etc.  Schools have to worry about their government
and corporate sponsors, and both worry about political popularity & correctness, which is hardly unbiased.  For
example the Luddite reaction against program trading after the '87 crash, the reaction against corporate takeovers by "uppity Jews"
like Milken in the 80s, etc. along with the biased statistics
used to make cases for arguments against "junk" bonds, program
trading, etc.  Most importantly, these government and university
people have no incentive to get it right, while S&P et. al.
make their business on their reputation of getting it right.
If it was discovered somebody was bribing S&P to cook the
books you could be sure their competitors would make a Big Deal
about it.  In cases where there is no long-standing reputation
on the line (and no trustworthy auditors, whether agencies or
algorithms) I join you in being dubious about investment
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-11 18:07:34
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Anonymous code name allocated. (fwd) 
Looks like everybody who sent mail to cypherpunks
lately (T=?) got signed up by anon.penent.fi.
Forwarded message:
But "nick" is already my name!  (insert Marx Bros. routine here)
szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-12 18:02:55
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Spooking of neural nets and image recognition... 
Are the pictures taken by ATMs good enough for automated
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-12 19:08:26
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: On The Inherent Evil of Electronic Democracy 
Some aspects of Electronic Democracy (like Communism, Catholicism,
etc. a religion, and thus the capital letters):
*  We have quite a lot of it now.  The mass media (CNN, newspapers,
call-in radio, etc.) is "the fourth branch of government".  We
can send billions of pieces of junk e-mail, faxes, or voice
messages to the White House and Congresscritters if we like,
and they can send junk mail back.
* As long as we have it, it's a good idea to at least try
to provide information to the voter, so I support this bill.
Cypherpunks might find some of this information useful.
However, I am under no illusions that a significant fraction of voters will bother to access or read the information to any significant degree.
* A basic problem with E.D. is that nobody has an
incentive to vote correctly.  People's political opinions
can be as stupid and wrong as can be and it won't have any
negative impact on their own lives, or at least none that is disproportionate or easily recognized to be a result decisions
based on that opinion.  Other people might have great opinions, which if implemented would solve world hunger, clean up the environment, grow the economy, etc. etc.  but there is no special benefit to these people for having done their altruistic homework and arrived at effective solutions to these problems.
This is not only reflected in the fact that less than half the people vote in many elections, but also in the fact that only a miniscule fraction of those who do vote know what the hell they are voting on.  Including me, BTW: this isn't an elitist issue of "the masses are asses", but the fact that most of the important problems and decisions require in-depth knowledge based on years of experience, not the flipping
of levers based on a few minutes per week of video clips.  Contrast to the much more effective tools we have to make social decisions in a free market: what to make, what to use, what to buy, what to sell, how to be of service to other people
what services to choose, etc.  Good decisionmaking processes have negative feedback loops so that good opinions or decisions tend to clearly and quickly reward the decisionaker, and vice versa, and tend to benefit or harm the decisionmaker disproportionately to
innocent bystanders (people making decisions about other aspects
of society).
The market's feedback is by no means perfect!  That is why I
am hyped about systems to make the feedback more effective,
like the recently discussed auditing protocol, and the
cypherpunks movement which I hope will free some people and
markets from abusive, coercive control by those who (a)
do not have our best interests at heart, and (b) have no
incentive to do the homework needed to make good decisions.
Regardless of how cypherpunks feel about this issue, E.D. is one
of the most powerful memes making its way thru current society, and we have to deal with it.
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-12 21:58:18
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Spooking of neural nets and image recognition... 
Here are some general ideas for "encrypting" one's image:
Ear muffs, long hair, etc. Makeup variety
Beard variety (mustache, full beard, beatnik, sideburns, etc.)
False scars, moles, etc.
Variety of hats & eyeglasses
Realistic looking masks Gloves (if they start looking at hands, unique jewelry, etc.)
Anything too obvious (ski mask, sunglasses at night, the masks
used for the "Wired" cover, etc.) might trigger smart algorithms to red-flag the image.  As usual these techniques are popularly reputed to be the special province of criminals.  Only a criminal would want to avoid giving the world a dossier on where they shop, travel, withdraw money, etc. right?
Alas, that may be right: I suspect only smart criminals and
secret agents will go to the expense of doing this stuff; innocent trusting citizens will be the ones building their dossiers for
the Security of the State.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-13 00:58:20
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Electracy: Evil Revisited 
While I'm dubious about the trend towards E.D. with our current
physically-bounded, coercive governments, I'm quite interested in this proposal which seems to (embedded within the hoopla :-) be for starting an E.D. system outside the boundaries of normal government, a virtual area of what Extropians call "Privately Practiced
Law" (PPL) within the anarchy of the Internet.  The Extropian list (extropians-request at gnu.ai.mit.edu)
has been experimenting with a kind of mini-totalitarian justice system for a while, and we are now experimenting with
the Hawthorne Exchange reputation market.  Both experiments
have revealed much room for improvement, but they are
valuable as tentative first steps towards virtual
PPLs, an important part of the cypherpunks vision.
It would be quite interesting to set up an E.D.-based PPL,
with both public reputation-based and anonymous voting.
Especially interesting, but seemingly difficult, would be mechanisms for evauluating the consequences of specific laws being enacted, so those benefits or penalties could be fed back and added/deducted from accounts of those who voted for for/against
the law.  Quite interesting!  I look forward to more specifics, perhaps I'll think of some myself.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-13 01:08:20
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: [uk.transport] Speed Camera with OCR 
They tried robot-photo speeding tickets in Pasadena, California a few years ago, but I understand the judge threw out all the challenged tickets and they discontinued the practice.  We might
see automatic tickets reincarnated a few years hence when the highway starts reading bar codes on our cars.  Then you'll get a ticket
if you arrive at your destination sooner than is deemed
proper!  Bar code forgery might become popular (and necessary
for those of us who don't want government dossiers of every trip
we make).
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-14 01:58:47
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Preempting net.archive.blacklist 
Tim May: Did you forward her a copy of your excellent ariticle?  That would
be a start.  More generally,  we can explain how Usenet can be
archived and used for these kinds of purposes, posting to newsgroups far & wide (esp. alt.drugs, *.activists, soc.motss,
support newsgroups, flame-prone political newsgroups, etc.) until net.users have been made aware of the consequences of their posting.
Alas, mere explanation and exhortation might indeed take five years.
Illustration could be far more effective.  Perhaps we should do some
dossier accumulation ourselves, blatantly.  Interesting replies could be sent via anon remailer to people who post on controversial political topics.   For example, a hit on '/black/ && /welfare queen/' might trigger the following:
A more sophisticated version would respond to intercepted private
e-mail in addition to grepping netnews.  Such "Tracking Projects" might, if net.users continue scrawling their private thoughts on
the public archives, accumulate detailed blacklists on homophobes, homosexuals, satan-worshipers, Aryan Nationalists, Communists, anarchists, Scientologists, atheists, pagans, promoters of illegal drug use and tax evasion, etc.  Preemptive, blatant Net.Blacklists may be the only way
to effectively raise awareness of the issue before the real blacklists
start up -- if they haven't already.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-15 01:56:49
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Cypherpunk trends & visions 
At today's Silly Valley cypherpunks meeting (Tim May, John
Gilmore, Eric Hughes, Sandy Sandfort, Whit Diffie,
Romana "Cypherella" Machado, etc. etc.) there was a lot of hand-wringing about the cypherpunks movement "stalling".  Ever the pessimist, Tim May drew a chart showing cypherpunks starting out with a bang (publicizing PGP, starting up anon remailers, etc.) and seeming to stall out (even as we've gotten major publicity in Mondo, Wired, Village Voice, etc.).
Much of the rancor and pessimism may reflect the fact that
cypherpunks are more distributed now.  For example, the stuff
on this list is very disconnected from the Bay Area meetings.  Do any non-Californians know or care about Digital Silk Road, electronic credit unions, Twain, etc?  How hip are Bay Area cypherpunks to the various projects re: user-friendly PGP, CryptoStacker, securely private BBS's, secure phones, etc?  (The main motivation
for me typing in this message is to try to open up the lines
of communication more, let people know what Bay Area cypherpunks
are doing, and encourage replies from folks in other regions
who are holding meetings & doing projects).
Besides, we haven't stalled; we're just on a more mature part
of the learning curve.  Much of the "low hanging fruit" has been picked (as Tim May pointed out: PGP was already here,
remailers were ripe, etc. when cypherpunks crystallized).
We seem to have played a major role in delaying Clipper just with our big mouths (and fat fingers :-).  More concretely, just today Romana and Geoff Dale unveiled a slick steganography tool for the Mac that, if distributed widely and ported to the PC, would make it practically impossible to outlaw strong crypto.
We also have a variety of goals.  We all share
a commitment to spreading crypto beyond the elites, but for a wide variety of reasons.   Some of us (Tim May, myself, etc.)
are libertarians who want government out of our lives, others are liberals fighting the NSA, others
find it great fun to ding people in power with cool hacks,
and still others are in it for the variety of opportunities
crypto-anarchy opens up for making "filthy lucre".  I don't think it's productive to do too much breastbeating over this, to try to define "cypherpunk correct" politics, or insist that everybody work towards the same goals.  The only stuff we really need to agree on is
the practical stuff: the general "web of trust" model of
cryptography, and the development of common tools and standards on that
basis.  Beyond that I hope there's room for a wide variety of
opinions and projects.
My own vision of cypherpunks evolution runs along the following
lines.  Some of these may be commercial opportunities, but
so far cypherpunks have been most effective with freeware like
anon remailers, PGP add-ons, etc.:
* Digital coupons: S&H greenstamps for online services (netcom/Well/Compuserve net connection services, AMIX, NEXIS/LEXIS, Dow Jones, commercial MUDs, metered e-mail, anon services, network and computing resources, reputation ratings, etc.)  Greenstamps are like frequent-flyer miles, you accumulate
them with heavy patronage of some service.  But greenstamps
can be used to purchase a wide variety of services, not just more of the same service.  Service providers and coupon vendor(s) work out arrangements for awarding and honoring
greenstamps.  Implemented with Chaum-style protocol to prevent
forgery and assure privacy.
* Digital cash: accumulating credits/debits for use of on-line
services (including travel services, concert tickets, etc. purchased on-line), eventually paid for by some "real" currency: FRNs, yen, etc.  Implemented with Chaum-style protocol to prevent
forgery and assure privacy.
* On-line markets: Internet video poker, election outcome
markets, satellite track betting, etc.  Investments[1] can be made & paid out by greenstamps, natch.  On-line advertising.
* Securely private BBS's
* etc.
[1] Hey, if Clinton can call government spending "investment"
I can do the same for wagers on his reelection!
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-16 10:32:12
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Electronic Democracy 
This is a great example of a issue we don't need to agree on.
The underlying cryptographic tools needed for private voting and digital cash are practically the same.  Once the common tools are written, each side can go finish off their own user interfaces, one labelled "cash market" and the other "voting booth".
So let's quit bickering and write those tools!
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-18 19:06:10
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Crypto Protocols are Hard to Analyze 
Tim May: Agreed, alas.
Whoa nelly!  "S&H greenstamps" and another recent idea I've bounced
off Tim refer to a LEGAL "protocol".  S&H greenstamps are
"coupons" that can be used to "win" a wide variety of items from
several participating companies; they are not just coupons good for discount on a specific item or the products & services of a specific company ("Disney Dollars").  S&H greenstamps got into some legal hot water for being too close to a privately issued currency, but nevertheless they are still around.  S&H greenstamps make a good legal "edge case".
digital cash and add legal structure.  Here I am assuming that E-greenstamps or other business/legal manifestations of digital cash can be implemented with Chaum's protocol, providing "Pretty Good Digital Cash" in the cryptographic sense.   The "Chaum off the shelf" assumption.  If there are holes in Chaum's scheme, or major problems with implementing it in software, I'd like to hear more, but "S&H greenstamps" concept doesn't address software security issues.
I think it's good to discuss business and legal issues -- cf.
the excellent thread on methods of converting physical to/from digital
cash.  If we think the work ends with implementing a good cryptographic protocol, we are sadly mistaken.  Perhaps that's where the work of "cypherpunks" ends, but I have a broader vision of
crypto-anarchy that covers the legal, business, and in general
social issues as well.  Any group that wants to seriously
deploy cryptography in the real world has to discuss these as well.
And indeed we do -- does PGP infringe on patents, is it proper
for a remailer operater to read or record what goes through his system, etc.  Crypto-anarchy will really take off when the (real, spendable) money
starts flowing.   Thus we should examine a wide variety of business
concepts.  The "speculative business plan" is a great way to do this.
Of course cypherpunks are mostly hackers, and we will concentrate on the hacking -- but before crypto-anarchy emerges,
the legal and business problems (eg not driving off customers with
complex or "shady" operations) also have to be solved.  We do need to be more clear on when we are talking about cryptographic protocols ("digital cash"), legal structures ("S&H greenstamps"), and business concepts ("commercial remailer"). I'd love to see some digicash papers on soda.  I also agree on the
need for standardizing terminology in the field of cryptography
and related protocols for remailers, digital cash, etc.  Your
concept of a "Protocol Compiler" to enable testing of new
concepts for anon remailers, digicash, etc. is intriguing. We have already started a "tricks database" with the Word Perfect
crypto-cracker on soda; we need to expand that.
Alas, there may be strong incentive for businesses to put hype
before strong crypto substance.  In response, we need to pursue the following two activities -- eventually, perhaps creating a separate organization for each:
* A "cracker's guild" to break weak cryptography and publicize
the cryptanalysis algorithms (cf. the Word Perfect crypto cracker),
forcing the weak crypto off the market.  For example, if NetCash was deployed this organization would crack it.  This
organization might be funded anonymously by those selling strong crypto (who have an incentive to debunk their competitor's hype).
* A formal Crypto Auditing Agency that would verify the algorithms
and protocols were secure, without revealing trade secrets.
My next statement may cause hisses & boos, but I think the recent
Crypto-Auditing of Clipper by Denning and other eminent cryptologists will be a model widely applied in the commercial
computer security business.   The auditors should be able to examine the source and run the programs without revealing
trade secrets.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-20 15:11:17
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: genetic algorithms for crypto analysis 
HAHN at lds.loral.com:
Sexual reproduction (aka string crossover) is the fundamental attribute of GAs that distinguish them from hill-climbing algorithms; it has been in all GAs from their invention.  One of original works on the subject is now out in reprint: John Holland's _Adaptation in Natural and Artificial Systems_, MIT Press.  Crossover doesn't allow magic teleportation directly to the
needle in the search space haystack.  GA leaps over gaps where the "crossover Hamming distance" is small, but the space need not be continuous.
Cryptanalysis where one can gain clues, partial solutions, etc. and
compose these into better solutions, might be amenable to GA.
If you can say "solution A is better than solution B" with an algorithm, it's a good candidate for solving with GA or GP (genetic programming, which works on trees instead of strings).
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-20 17:11:52
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: genetic algorithms for crypto analysis 
Scott Collins discusses the contraint of crossover with the male/
female partition and dominance.  This is theoretically interesting, especially to biology.  I know of no theoretical
proof that such constraints improve the search of choppy search spaces, and there is little empirical evidence -- this is a cutting-edge research topic. The poster who first brought up sexual reproduction was discussing it in
terms of its cutting and pasting of strings: crossover.  Crossover
itself provides a far more general solution than simple mutating, hill-climbing algorithms; specifically GAs are better in choppy, non-continuous spaces.  The empirical evidence for this is quite substantial (the literature on GAs) and there is theoretical substantiation (Holland, Goldberg, et. al.).  Perhaps constraining with male/female and dominance provides even further improvement for some kinds of choppiness, as might (more generally) demes,
but those are open research questions in the GA community, not immediately germane to the general question of whether GA might be useful for cryptanalysis.
I'd like to hear more about the male/female partition and dominance

@_date: 1993-08-22 23:05:17
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Digicash 
Paul Moses:
It is a big deal.  Many people like carrying ID-based
cards (ATM w/PIN, credit cards, etc.) so they aren't easy targets for violent thieves.  Although this reaches equlilibrium -- as long as most people use credit cards instead of cash, a few of us can still carry around cash as long as we don't wave it around too much.  Targets of opportunity these days include late-night ATM customers.
Query: what will be the last businesses to install ATM terminals?
A couple that come to mind right away:
* rural businesses (poor net access)
* pawn shops (desire for privacy -- though I continue to be
amazed how many people create dossiers on themselves by calling 1-900 phone sex numbers, renting X-rated vids with
credit card, etc.)
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-25 17:52:15
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: "more money than brains?" 
M. Stirner: There are several business proposals floating around the cypherpunks
community that would require commercial licenses.  I encourage the
various crypto-entrepreneurs elaborate if they wish.  Some of the proposals are quite interesting and illuminating.
There's a strong habit of keeping business ideas "trade secret", which can be a bad idea, since (a) many of the ideas
are obvious; trade secrets only work for subtle but important
technological bottlenecks known to a small group of mutually
trustworthy people, and (b) many of the ideas need to
debugged by a wide variety of crackers and experts before they will
provid good privacy.  Trade secrets also inhibit the progress
of the cypherpunks agenda, but that's a judgement call; I myself
dont' feel morally bound to Reveal All for the sake of the Movement.  But, "I'll post mine if you post yours".
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-08-27 20:42:58
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Practical security, Internet commercialization, etc. 
Paul Ferguson:
I'd like to strongly second this, and add my own twist.
The problems of making & breaking ciphers are being hashed out, both in open literature and closed quarters (eg NSA), by many highly specialized minds far more focused on these problems than almost all of us on this list. The most important
cypherpunks issues are being almost completely ignored by these academics: practical implementation of remailers, most issues dealing with software-
based digital cash, reliable key handling, trustworhy key distribution,
construction of "webs of trust", implementation of these schemes with all of their pitfalls (legal, social, etc.), commercialization, etc.
In most of these cases, the protocols (ciphers, remailing mixes, digital cash, etc.) can theoretically be "broken" by a powerful
agent, but the real question is what practical, cheap steps can we take to make things more expensive for those with little respect for our
privacy or liberty.  Our design criterion should not be max(their expense) but min(our expense/their expense), where "our expense" includes the time needed to hack, test, deploy, and integrate these systems into the social net.fabric.  Furthermore, the antagonistic agent in almost all cases will have far less than the full computing power or crypto expertise
of the NSA at their disposal, and it's merely speculative fun to try to cover every possible attack at this time.  Romana Machado's "Stego" is a great example of useful steganography that address the simple practical issue of hiding data in Mac PICT files without worrying about the many
theoretical, statistical ways to detect encryption hidden in pattern-
containing pictures.  Even if PGP could be broken by the NSA that's no reason not to use it, unless something significantly better comes along.  Real crypto-anarchy is quite imperfect, but vastly superior to no privacy at all,
the panoptic world to which the Internet sans cypherpunks seems to be heading.
Internet commercialization in itself is a _huge_ issue full of pitfall and  opportunity: Mom & Pop BBS's, commercial MUDs, data banks, for-profit pirate and porn boards, etc. are springing up everywhere like weeds, opening a vast array of both needs
of privacy and ways to abuse privacy.  Remailers, digital cash, etc. won't become part of this Internet commerce way of life unless they are
deployed soon, theoretical flaws and all, instead of waiting until The Perfect System comes along.  Crypto-anarchy in the real world
will be messy, "nature red in tooth and claw", not all nice
and clean like it says in the math books.  Most of the
debugging will be done not in any ivory tower, but by the bankruptcy of businesses who violate their customer's privacy, the confiscation of BBS operators who stray outside the laws of some jurisdication and screw up their privacy arrangements, etc.
Anybody who thinks they can flesh out a protocol in
secret and then deploy it, full-blown and working, is in for
a world of hurt.  For those who get their Pretty Good systems
out there and used, there is vast potential for business
growth -- think of the $trillions confiscated every year by governments around the world, for example.
At the last Bay Area meeting Tim May asked "what is the low-hanging fruit"?  A few pieces I see involve implementing _some_ of the discussed remailer function.  The non-SMTP socket solution looks attractive, even
if limited to TCP (which most if not all current remailers run
over anyway).  Non-SMTP sockets cut through the Gordion Knot of the
many attacks Hal Finney listed, making them far more expensive,
but not attempting to make them "theoretically impossible".  A
sockets solution seems much easier to implement, thus much
more likely to be implemented, than the huge piece of software needed to address address each of the 15-odd attacks in a theoretically strong way.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-12-03 01:32:39
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Graynet 
Forwarded from comp.infosystems:
Reply-To: an53728 at anon.penet.fi
     INFORMATIONAL REPORTS
- How to trick pay phones into thinking you deposited money
- How to clone cellular phones
- How to make traffic lights turn green by remote control
- How to build and use a bugging device
- How to make your electric meter go backwards
- How to get cable TV for free
- How to create your own pirate TV or radio station
$10 each, or all for $40.  For informational purposes only.  Send self-
addressed, stamped envelope.  Make checks or money orders out to Kardos.
P.O. Box 2310
Darien, CT  06820

@_date: 1993-12-03 19:22:54
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Graynet 
That's why I called it "Graynet" instead of "Blacknet"... not
exactly Stealth bomber plans or protected witness True Names
for sale here.  The interesting part is how (s)he structured the advertising (anon ID server) and payment (check or money order by P.O. Box).  All sorts of controversial services (porn, gambling,
mail order contraband, etc.) might be structured this way, as long as they are legal or at least widely tolerated in the jurisdiction of the mail drop.  I wonder how many folks will trust new anon services.  If they don't, is it easy to go from a traceable business to an anon business, taking the business's reputation with it?   If so, we may see controversial net-based services such as pirate software and porn BBS's "activate the cloaking device" upon being threatened, or
when desiring to advertise blatantly and in volume on the Internet.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-12-06 16:35:10
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: VOTE: Proposition desist: no 
I have a problem with people skipping Detweiler posts, and
then assuming they have the knowledge needed to vote on this
issue.   A glaring example of the failings of democracy.
Ignorance of what Detweiler has posted is about the only reason one
would justify the presence of somebody whose posts are intended to harass and disrupt the list, by slandering and threatening its members.  The Extropians list with its filtering which keeps out net stalkers and
harassers, has become superior to this highly disrupted
list, and unfortuneately I've had to move much of my cypherpunks-related
posting over there (eg an excellent thread we've had on "Graynet").
This doesn't stop Detweiler from attacking me via anon.penet.fi
in front of the entire world on Usenet and RISKS, but filtering
would keep at least this formerly high quality list sane.
My thanks go out to Doug Barnes, Derek Upham, Eli Brandt, Eric
Hughes, others who've helped out in the efforts to defend ourselves
against this threat, and to Hal Finney et. al. for continuing to
post high-quality material to cypherpunks among the flames.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-12-14 12:10:29
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Signing pictures -- how hard, how long? 
Peter Wayner:
Is a one-way hash function or digital signature possible with the
following property: signature verification doesn't just determine
the boolean altered vs. pristine, but also shows the picture
distance between the altered and original?  Forgery may often
require an editing distance much greater than the error rate
from media noise or lossy compression.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-12-16 18:06:07
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Digital Cash Session as Worldwide Electrnoic Commerce Conference (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
 From: BAUM at HULAW1.HARVARD.EDU
 Date: Thu, 16 Dec 1993 08:44:21 -0500 (EST)
 Subject: Digital Cash Session as Worldwide Electrnoic Commerce Conference
 FYI, a Digital Cash session has been added to the Jan 17-18  Worldwide Electrnoic Commerce Conference: Law, Policy and Controls
 Conference in NYC at the Waldorf Astoria. Because a number of people on
 this list might have obtained a copy of the program on some other list,
 I will only reprint the press release below.
                                   PRESS RELEASE
 Worldwide Electronic Commerce:  Law, Policy and Controls Conference
 announced for January 1994 in NYC
 Dallas - June 11, 1993:  MultiCorp, Inc. today announced  Worldwide Electronic Commerce: Law, Policy and Controls  Conference, a conference addressing the Legal, Audit and  Security aspects of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), Electronic  Commerce and Electronic Messaging. The event is offered in  affiliation with the American Bar Association's Section of Science  and Technology, Harvard Law School, The Computer Law  Association, the EDI Association of the United Kingdom,  Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of  Government, the U.S. Council for International Business,  National Institute for Standards and Technology, and the  University of London's Centre for Commercial Law  Studies. This unique event Brings together leading academic
 and business experts from around the globe on  the control issues facing EDI and messaging. Additionally,  various industry associations will participate including HEDIC,  the Healthcare EDI Corporation.
 A comprehensive program is planned revolving around over 40  sessions designed to address the issues,  opportunities,  strategies, status, and future of Electronic Data Interchange  (EDI), Electronic Commerce  and Electronic Messaging from  Legal, Audit and Security perspectives. This program is  designed to  address the real-world issues and emerging  questions encountered by legal professionals, auditors,   information managers, EDI professionals, security managers,  purchasing managers, sales and marketing executives and others  engaged in the developing global information infrastructure.  Worldwide Electronic Commerce: Law, Policy and Controls  Conference will be held January 17 - 18, 1994 in New York City  at the Waldorf=Astoria Hotel. The price of registration is $550.00  per attendee. Parties interested in attending, acquiring  sponsorships, or speaking should contact the conference  coordinator at (214) 516-4900 or by fax at (214) 475-5917.
 The conference group can also be reached at: 76520.3713 at compuserve.com.
 ***

@_date: 1993-11-01 02:43:49
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Increasing subscriber base (fwd) 
Enclosed below is a call for help.  imp-interest deals with
Internet commercial protocols, with special interest in secure
billing.  The future of cypherpunks' goals, most obviously digital
cash but also much of the rest of our varied agenda, ranging from
privacy to freedom on the net, is deeply tied in with what direction the emerging world of Internet commerce chooses to pursue.  Will these businesses move us towards a world of freedom and privacy on the net, or a world in which our credit card numbers and IDs will be tracked to "ensure accountability", and our every purchase and data access on the commercial Net tied to our True Names to build lucrative marketing databases and fodder for future snoops?  Contrariwise, what
insights can those pursuing the everyday practicum of net.business
contribute to the cypherpunks vision?
It would be a tremendous advance, I daresay more important than
stopping Clipper (important as that task is), to get Internet commerce on board with the commercial privacy-enhancing protocols of Chaum et. al. -- digital cash, DC-nets, per-organization pseudonyms with transferable
credentials, etc.  And contrariwise, to invigorate those protocols
with doses of practical, real-world business considerations.
Those of us with an interest in promoting free and private Internet commerce, and motivation to pursue this, I urge you to get deeply involved in the "imp" movement.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com
Forwarded message:
No offence meant to anyone subscribed to this mailing list, but this
mailing list does not seem to have enough of a critcal mass of
interested people to ensure a good level of dicussion and the ability
for collaborative work.  I am suggesting that we advertise the
existence of this list to a selected few other mailing lists and
newsgroups to increase awareness and participation.  If there are no
violent objections I can send out a short note to cypherpunks,
com-priv, the Internet List of Lists.
Phil Trubey                   | Internet: ptrubey at shl.com
Systemhouse Inc.              | Voice:    310-809-5491
 Fax:      310-860-9668

@_date: 1993-11-02 13:13:54
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Commerce Models (fwd) 
Addendum my to previous post: the Internet commerce list is
at imp-interest at thumper.bellcore.com, presumably you can
subscribe via imp-interest-request at thumper.bellcore.com.
Great articles on electronic cash, "digital pennies",
Internet Billing Service, etc. from people intending to implement and use this stuff, soon.
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-05 01:52:28
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Commerce models 
Here's a copy of a post I made to imp-interest at thumper.bellcore.com
(among other reasons to refute Detweiler, who is on imp now promoting his "tag the criminals" agenda).  I hope I've given a fair overview of some of the things we're interested in, but from a "pro-commerce" rather than "pro-cypherpunks" point of view.  (I find the ends and
means to be very similar, but the point of view is different.  imp-interest is interested in pushing Internet commerce,
not ideological agendas).
You mentioned one of the original digital cash shemes.
There are wide variety of offline (2-party transactions) and online (realtime connection of buyer & seller with bank) digital cash proposals,
many by David Chaum, his students, and colleagues (cf. Eurocrypt and Crypto proceedings).  Some of these can be implemented securely in
software, without the need for smart cards or other kinds of
physical security.  (For example, one's own digital cash can
be encrypted with one's own private key & passphrase, making
it as difficult to rip off as any other form of electronic
money).  Also, Chaum has an interesting per-organization pseudonym/transferrable credentials system that could allow checking credit ratings without revealing identity.  Another, much simpler concept, is "digital postage", where
tokens would be sold per service provider, perhaps from physical
stores or vending machines, or online in exhange for other
tokens, or by a non-private means like credit card as long as there is
a fluid market for such tokens.  These would be much like the token cards used now in subways, copy machines, etc.  Although this is not as general as digital cash, client software might allow a wide variety of tokens to be maintained and used automatically, and the basic
software would be less complicated (the underlying security
protocols easier to understand and implement purely in
(Forgive me if I'm misunderstanding the nature of Internet
Billing Service; I'm basing my comments on your comparison of it to credit card billing).
I'm very concerned that IBS and on-line checks would, like credit cards,
lack privacy, allowing dossiers to be easily collected on customer buying patterns.  Under such systems there would be incentive for those seeking privacy to spoof (eg by creating false credentials and/or
credentialling agencies), as well as for those seeking to defraud
to spoof.  A good net commerce model should be able to deal with the fact that many Internet users can easily create
pseudonyms, and credentials (digital signatures, etc.) for those
pseudonyms, without demanding expensive, privacy-endangering
"true ID" enforcement.  Given the extremely messy legal environment with thousands of jurisdictions criss-crossed by the Internet, a basic principle of Internet commerce should be to minimize the need for legal
Also I'm concerned about the vulnerabity of the IBS organization(s) themselves to corruption, which could sap or destroy an economy centered on such an agency.  A good commercial model
should be decentralized so that any such corruption can be quickly routed around, much like the Internet is built to route around node failures.  With the efficiency of on-line software customers can "ping" banks, billing services, etc. by depositing money in a very
fine-grained manner at a wide variety of such service providers,
to determine which services are the most trustworthy.  Extensive
reputation records for these services can be accumulated,
searchable on-line Consumer Reports.
Thus I hope a wide variety of decentralized means of Internet commerce
can be tolerated.  Of the possible means, digital cash and/or pseudonyms with transferrable credentials seem the most attractive.  They are complicated in raw protocol and software, but could present a simple conceptual interface for most users, and they don't demand that third
parties, ie net culture, net user's software, and world politics be changed in in fundamental ways.  Some sorts of changes might happen, but the goal of Internet commerce is not to predict them or bring them about or prevent them (we can't do those things any better than anybody else), but to set up Internet commerce without having to rely on major help or change on the part of third parties.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-07 02:03:05
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Mostly Offline Digicash 
Mike Ingle:
Nevertheless, millions use ATM cards, with substantially less loss to
fraud than with credit cards.  Improvement in privacy and reduction
of incidence of fraud over credit cards are sufficient goals for a digital cash system.
For Pretty Good Digicash, which would probably far exceed those
goals, how about a "mostly offline" system as follows:
* Modify offline cash to be "stochastically online", so that
1 out of every N coin transactions are checked for double spending online, and the remainder of the coins are kept offline.  The chances of getting away with K+1-spending a coin are (1-1/N)^K.  The chances of getting away with K+1-spending each of M different coins are (1-1/N)^MK.
In general, with a fixed upper limit on coin denominations, the chances of
getting caught at the scene of double-spending increase exponentially
with the amount double-spent.  This means penny-ante fraud will
be easy to get away with (at the scene), but large scale fraud
quickly becomes impractical.  This also means that most low-value transactions will be offline and most high-value
transactions online.   Note that above formulae are the odds
of getting the goods before being caught.  Even if by chance all
coins are kept offline during the fraudulent transactions, the odds
of two making it back to the bank increase exponentially
with the number of times they change hands.  Thus even penny-ante
double-spenders will soon be caught, with odds quickly approaching certainty, after the fact.  The double-spender's 'nym is then revealed, and its reputation damaged or destroyed.
* N is the credit rating of the customer. 'Nyms with good,
solid credentials and/or long-standing reputations can be trusted to spend large amounts of digital cash per online check.
New 'nyms, 'nyms with bad credit ratings, and anonymous spenders have lower N and are thus checked more often.  Attempting
to defraud via rapid turnover of penny-ante double-spending
'nyms won't pay, because the odds of a new 'nym getting caught
online can be placed as high as needed to make this strategy a loser.
At the first sign of double-spending, or if other signs of
bad credit accumulate, credit rating N is lowered for the customer.  N should be set by credit rating agencies so that
(Max coin denomination)*MK*(1-1/N)^MK is less than the 'nym's
accumulated "reputation capital", so that it does not pay to build a reputation and then "cash in the reputation chips" with a spectacular act of digicash fraud.  Since the reputation capital of most customers
will dwarf the average size of their purchases, in practice
the vast majority of purchases will be offline, with only
a few (mostly large) purchases held up for online verification
(which need not take any longer than online verification of
credit cards today).
I envision a decentralized credit-rating system, so that the
integrity of ratings cannot be jeopardized by corrupting one or a related few credit rating agencies with false information.  (The IP paradigm: an economy should be able to route around node failures).
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com
HEx symbol: N  :-)

@_date: 1993-11-07 13:38:12
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Commercial aspects of digital cash 
Here's my attempt to explain the practical commercial aspects of digital cash on imp-interest at thumper.bellcore.com:
Rob Raisch questions digital cash by pointing out the many problems
with issuing credit over the net.  What's missing is that digital cash is not credit.  It is cash, unforgeable, signed by a reputable
bank.  The customer cannot obtain such cash without presenting
whatever credentials are necessary to join the bank, and the bank takes any risk involved in trusting those credentials.  Cf. Chaum & colleague papers for the protocols.  Thus, no physical identity is needed by the vendor, just as none is needed for physical cash
Thus, True for credit transactions, untrue for cash.  For customers
without physical identity, the the cash's integrity is verified with real-time connection to the issuing bank before the goods are delivered (much like credit cards are verified today, except that we're checking the signature of the bank that issued the cash,
not the ID of the customer).
The risk of digital cash fraud is much lower than for credit cards, ATMs, and even physical cash (which can be forged and stolen much more easily than digital cash).
Quite true, and it is also quite impractical to insist, as Mr.
Detweiler does, that the Internet be radically changed to facilitate it.  It is possible to build up a system of reputation for "soft" identities,
so that digital signatures with unforgeable credentials and/or well
developed credit ratings can be extended limited amounts of
credit, but such a system will take time to develop and get used
to.  I've described a combination offline cash/reputation system which gives extremely low rates of fraud, which I can post if there's interest, but it's probably better to start off with the online digital cash system which also gives very low rates of fraud, is simpler and doesn't require any credit ratings for digital signatures.
Not at all true.  Encryption, digital signatures, and variations
of these can be used to protect data in a wide variety of ways,
typically superior to protecting the integrity of physical objects
(photo IDs, cash, etc.).  The difference is that on the net, the signature itself becomes an identity with its own reputation.
This requires a change in the way we view commercial credit risk
as we become more at home in the net,  but it is not inherently less trustworthy or "subversive" (love ya, Mr. Detweiler) than physical
identity (which is also just based on information, the imperfect
information of our senses, which can be spoofed in various ways).
Keeping mind it is not necessary to trust such signatures
for online digital cash: the customer's identity doesn't matter,
and the bank's signature can be checked online.
Conclusion: Issuing credit over the net is, for the near future, a can of worms.  Even just verifying credit entails the high fraud, lack of ubiquity, and lack of privacy of credit cards.  Lack of hard identitity, thousands of legal jurisdictions criss-crossed by the net, etc. make net credit very risky.  Take the trouble to implement digital cash.  With
significant volume it will soon pay for itself in much lower, even very
close to zero, rates of fraud.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-07 20:58:14
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Mostly offline digicash 
Mike Ingle:
For both the online and the mostly-offline system, only one
one or a small number of fraudulent coins can be spent without online detection.  Furthermore, digicash is much easier to lock up than cash; encrypt it with your secret key, following the normal procedure of keeping the secret key on a closely held floppy or smart card. Why haven't people backed away from credit cards despite
$10's of billions in fraud?  Digital cash, implemented
reasonably well, is probably going to lose orders of
magnitude less to fraud per transaction than credit
cards.  The transaction costs may be much less than
the 3-7% cut taken by credit card companies.  One practical
task will be thorough debugging before implemented on large
scale, as there are plenty of people with  (a) an ideological
prejudice against cash that or (b) uncomfortable with their
lack of understanding of the protocols, who will jump on the opportunity to flame it.  (cf. current discussion on imp-interest with Detweiler & Co., for example).
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-09 01:48:33
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: (fwd) Clipper and Tipper on Route 666 
Tim May suggests we called the "Data Superhighway"
In Unix file permissions 666 means the file is readable by world.  Apropos for a panoptic net where encryption is banned
or "Clipped".
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-09 23:54:12
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Welcome to the Data Highway 
Welcome to the Information Highway.  Please obey the posted
opinion limits.  Our Internet Fairness Doctrine ensures that
both sides of an argument will be heard.  Our poster's licensing
system ensures that the undemocratic practice of "pseudospoofing" is
eliminated from the data highways, just as driver's licensing
ensures maximimum safety and minimum pollution of our vehicular
highways.  Remember, posting on the Highway is a privilege, not a Gore/Detweiler in '00,

@_date: 1993-11-12 12:59:36
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: CPSR Alert 2.05 
In the latest CPSR update:
Isn't this a violation of the Hatch Act?  Either on the part
of the agents, or on the part of the "key" officials directly
"sensitizing" Congress, or both.
Does the IRS conduct wiretaps?  Does it need to obtain court
order to do so?
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-15 04:24:01
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: some pseudopool FUN 
Given the many idiotic things already claimed by Detweiler, (including at one time or another, hotly accusing most list-active Bay Area cypherpunks of being "pseudospoofs" of each other, when all he had to
do to verify our True Names was call), I don't know if it's necessary to point out Detweiler's own "pseudospoofing" and the forged quotations he is now throwing around.  But despite his voluminous whoppers and
mad slanders I've seen some folks actually taking some of his stuff seriously.  So I just want to make sure everybody understands there's a head full of hypocrisy to go along with the head full of otherwise
misfiring neurons:
Hi, Detweiler.  I see here you're discounting your own voluminous
posts on the matter.  Typing in lower case doesn't hide your unique word choices, tone of voice, and opinions, and even the occasional slip by both of your 'nyms into UPPER CASE RANTS.  Sorry to spoil
your mad fun, but "CRIMINAL, TREACHEROUS PSEUDOSPOOFING" for
rhetorical leverage just ain't as easy as you make it out
to be.  The practicum of always having to keep in mind the
many ways you can screw up and reveal identity makes the practice
severely self-limiting.
For readers not familiar with the parties involved, I will point out some of the more obvious (to me) "pseudospooling", Detweiler's
seemingly purposeful mixing up of quote attributions:
It's highly improbable that Tim May would go anywhere near Perl, and it's also quite improbable Eric Hughes would have made such a gaffe.  (Which just goes to show I _am_ Hughes and May, otherwise how could
I know, eh Detweiler?)
Jamie is quite talented in the business world, but
again it's unlikely in the extreme that he has time
and interest left over for administering key servers.
And what's wrong with this is the most obvious to me, since I
didn't say it.
My own memory, recognition of my own style, and
if all else fails my own archives are sufficient to quickly
dispatch "pseudospooling" attacks against myself.  On
Usenet there are commonly disputes over false quotations
(usually non-malicious misattribution due to the nesting
mess, but not always).  The reputation of the "pseudospooler" is *plonked* when they are found out, especially if they
are malicious.  In public it's practically impossible
to get away with severely malicious misquoting, unless
the victim is both quite isolated and of such bad repute
that readers don't believe the archive he produces.
It might be feasible to defame people behind their backs, by sending false quotations in mail to small numbers of third parties.
There must be quite a bit of accumulated BBS, FidoNet,
and Usenet lore on the matter; anybody have good war
By extrapolation the quotes attributed to Arther Chandler,
Hal Finney, and Perry Metzger were also likely "pseudospools",
many of which will be obvious to those falsely quoted or their
freinds, or those who keep good archives.  And alas for
Detweiler, any attributions he makes in the future will be
highly suspect, as will the appearance of newbies on the
net who just happen to agree with him and sound like him
in somewhat improbable ways.
The only remaining paranoia I have on this matter is that
Detweiler is really Tim May's most elaborate "Stealth Bomber" gimmick to date.  If so, either AI (Artificial Insanity?) is vastly more
advanced than I had thought, or ... (Detweiler, take over
for me here!)
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-15 06:05:29
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: The Contortions of Cypherpunks 
L. Detweiler:
Uncle!  I retract my claim!  I'm not me!  My abject apologies for being a traitorous criminal pseudospoof, deluding even myself in the process!
(Very good VR tech they've got here!)
Detweiler, I don't know what is wrong with you, but there are
quite a few cypherpunks nearby in Colorado; many of them know
know many of us.  Several of us whom you have explicitly or strongly
implicitly accused of being "pseudospoofs" have violated their
own desire for privacy and sent you their phone numbers.  Some
post them publicly as a matter of course.  (Have you returned
the favor?  Does anybody know Detweiler's phone number?).  You
seem to lack all conception of how completely silly your accusations
look from the perspective of a Bay Area cypherpunks meeting, with
all us "tentacles of Medusa" overfilling a largish meeting room,
jokingly speculating about who will be detweiled next.
With less altruism than some fellow "tentacles", I have decided I don't trust you with anything more than I already give out by posting my True Name to the net.  In hindsight, even my True Name is probably too much trust with people like you in the world, who would subject cultural practices they do not understand to the extreme violent retribution consequent of something being
a crime or treason.  If I may engage in some detweiling myself, a long overdue return of volleys:  The damage that can be caused by the demogaugic stalkers of the world is vastly greater than can be caused by swaying a few peer pressure prone readers here and there with "pseudospoofing".  As
if a centralized news media, politic polls, etc. don't already sway follow-the-crowd types to a degree vastly surpassing anybody's capabilities on the net.  The desire to keep track of identity may sound innocent enough, but behind the rhetoric of "accountability" looms
the bloody claws of violent politics, the quest to create a centralized identity enforcement agency, a net-based panoptic extortion racket with a potential for tyrrany surpassing anything the world has has yet seen.  Do you doubt Detweiler favors such an outcome over the dreaded "pseudospoofing"?  I'll be happy to forward Detweiler's posts in imp-interest on the matter, assuming everybody's not grown long since tired of these rants.  And with that bit of my own detweiling I will myself retire from the field, lest detweilosis be contagious.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-16 02:20:46
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Nonviolence in cyberspace 
Arthur Chandler:
This raises an interesting meta-point.  What fundamentally important
reason is there beyond the threat of physical persecution
(often as retribution or preemption against a wrong real or perceived), to actively seek a net user's physical identity on the net against that user's will?  Should "accountability" for offenses committed on the net include a threat of physical violence, or should the scope of the punishment be limited to the scope of the offense, namely "plonking" of the offender's reputation on the net?  I contend that in a sufficiently mature net culture (ie with "kill" files, reputation
ratings, and digital cash) there is no possible offense evil enough
to require violent retribution.  My ideal is to see a day when threats of violence on the net, including the nasty, implicit threat of violence lying behind many calls for "accountability", are rendered moot by voluntary self-disclosure and tolerance for a wide variety of
pseudonymity and anonymity.  Cyberspace with pseudonymity allows
us for the first time to create a rich subculture that is nonviolent in a way Gandhi could only dream of.
On the specific case of info on Detweiler: this net stalker has explicitly made violent threats against several list members while at the same time attempting to track down their identities, and
implicitly made threats against most of us by branding cypherpunks "criminals", "traitors", etc. in a wide variety of forums, implying that the normal violent retribution for such states of infamy is in order.
In an ideal net culture, Doug Barnes' action would be reprehensible. But the world is far from ideal, and while we still must put our physical
identities at risk we need some defense against demogogic stalkers of the world, and thus I applaud Doug Barnes' efforts in providing us information about Detweiler, just as Detweiler is seeking information about us.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-17 23:51:21
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: /dev/null for e-mail; remailer diffusion structures 
Like zero in arithmetic, the "device" /dev/null serves a useful purpose as a kind of "syntatic glue" for Unix shell programs.  I wonder if
such a "bit bucket" for mail might also be useful for anonymous remailers.
A couple examples:
* To provide multiple endpoints for a mail message, so that
the remailer list becomes a tree (or at least one branch
with a bunch of leaves).  This might be done with syntax
Request-Remailing-To: remail at tamsun.tamu.edu
Request-Remailing-To: next at destination.com
Cc-Bit-Bucket: hfinney at shell.portal.com
Cc-Bit-Bucket: remailer at utter.dis.org
where "Cc-Bit-Bucket" causes the tamsun remailer to randomly
generate a message of identical size, paste a "Bit-Bucket:"
header, encrypt it with the hfinney remailer's public key,
and send it to hfinney.  When the hfinney remailer decrypts the
message and sees the "Bit-Bucket:" header it deletes the
message.  remail at tamsun repeats this process with remailer at utter.dis.org, and sends the real mail message
on to next at destination.com.   To the traffic
analyzer, bit bucket messages are indistinguishable from
real ones (as long as the sender properly encrypted
the next message layer with next at destination.com's public
Remailer bit bucket branching might be useful for adding confusion
when it's impractical to delay the mail to mix it with other
traffic (either because it's time sensitive or due to
lack of other traffic).
Bit bucket accounts could be useful if the destination receives a regular, identifying pattern of traffic (eg a unique number or size of encrypted messages).  To foil traffic analysis, set up a bunch of
pseudonymous accounts at various sites that serve no other purpose than sending and receving bit bucket messages.  It then looks like many sites are receiving that pattern of traffic.
* To provide endpoints for confusion & diffusion loops.
For example:
Request-Remailing-To: remail at tamsun.tamu.edu
Cc-Loop: 7 iterations: hfinney at shell.portal.com, remail at tamaix.tamu.edu
Request-Remailing-To: next at destination.com
Does the same as above, except the randomized carbon copy is
put in a loop between remail and hfinney (in real life we'll want more than two remailers in the loop).  After 7 iterations
remail dumps the message, terminating the loop.  Instead of
"Bit Bucket:" the remailers might paste a loop counter, where
0 causes the message to be terminated.
Remailers might set limits on the number of
loops and destination sites, charge postage, or both,
to make sure these techniques don't soak up the available
bandwidth.  With sufficient bandwidth and software tools
we might get fancy and be able to choose routing
patterns from trees, acyclic and cyclic graphs, randomized branching, fractal branching, etc.  if we find any such patterns better at thwarting traffic Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-18 00:02:00
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Online Shopping and Banking? (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
FYI: there is a mailing list in place where developers/designers
are developing an Internet Mercantile Protocol.  This protocol
will enable buy/sell transactions to be conducted over an unsecure network, such as most of the Internet.  You can subscribe to the list by sending a request to imp-interest-request at thumper.bellcore.com - archives are accessable
via FTP on thumper.bellcore.com in /pub/devetzis/imp.  Minutes
of the last BOF meeting are archived there as well as slides
for one proposed IMP implementation.  While there has not been
a ton of activity on this list recently, there are at least
two groups hard at work putting finishing touches on some
new proposals for the list to consider.
Phil Trubey                   | Internet: ptrubey at shl.com
Systemhouse Inc.              | Voice:    310-809-5491
 Fax:      310-860-9668

@_date: 1993-11-22 15:03:44
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: anonymous postings and trust 
Richard Kenneway raises some interesting points about reputation,
asks why we should believe nyms (or otherwise relatively unknown new
posters), and even to what extent we should believe people we have
more experience with.  Indeed, the world is filled with strangers who want to sell me things, who threaten me with violence unless I follow
often obscure or completely unknown laws they have generated, etc. In a typical election, the difference between the candidates and total strangers is typically the narrow bottleneck of a few TV reports and ads, and an entry in the Voter's Guide.  Yet we trust these people
to be our leaders!  Based on Black Unicorn's posts to cypherpunks, I'd say our level of knowledge about him is slightly better than the
typical voter's knowledge of a typical political candidate.
I call this the Voter Test.
The good news is that Black Unicorn isn't threatening violence (as
contrasted with the implicit violence threatened by politicians,
and the both implicit and explicit violence threatened by
our own voluminous contributor, Detweiler/S.Boxx/Zen Master), nor even trying to sell something.  B.U.'s simply arguing that numbered accounts exist in Liechtenstein.  I agree that the mere statement of a nym doesn't satisfy the case.  The nym can greatly bolster the case by giving us "mutual information" that could be cross-referenced with what he says to resolve the issue.  This does _not_ have to be personal
info, and I urge B.U. to avoid the tempatation of posting where he
went to college, etc. in the future.  One good piece of info would
be to post phone number(s) in Liectenstein, unrelated to B.U.'s own
employer, that we could call to verify his claim.  (For example,
the number of a librarian who would know, or best of all the phone
numbers of the bank(s) who offer these accounts).  The side claim,
that B.U. once worked in Liechtenstein, could be strengenthed by
telling a trustworthy list member who has lived in Liechtenstein,
info that would probably be known only by somebody who his lived for a while in Liechtenstein.  (Finding such a person might be unlikely, but who knows).  Perhaps there is are easier ways B.U. can demonstrate his case along these lines, if the above are too inonvenient for what may be to B.U. a fairly unimportant argument.  There must be an entire artform already developed o n this kind of credentialling, selective revelation of information, etc., I'd love to hear more comments from people with insight, epxerience, etc. in the matter.
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-22 16:37:43
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: BlackNet Investigations Needs More Detail (fwd) 
On the Extropians list Tim May has reminded us in his trademark
dramatic style about the ability of various unknown malevolent
agents to accumulate dossiers based on posts to mailing lists,
Usenet news, and contents of "privte" directories on public providers
like Netcom, Delphi, etc.  Since Stanton McClandish asked about the "NSA can bust PGP rumors" I'll forward my post to Extropians on that thread (slightly edited to elide quoted comment), since a
similar concern had been expressed about the trustworthiness
of encryption:
I find it extremely improbable that the NSA or anybody else can
break long RSA keys (eg, those in PGP) as long as the keys are secure (eg on the private machines of trustworthy people).  Even if they could break the public keys or gain access to the secret keys, they're quite unlikely to spend TM cycles and engineer time on the outside
possibility of gaining evidence for a relatively minor drug violation.  Furthermore, there's so much such minor crypto traffic going around now that they would require other good information (eg traffic analysis)
prior to attempting to break the codes, to discriminate the potentially important messages from the gigabytes of variously
encoded trivia.
On the other hand, the local gendarmes in net-heavy areas like
Silicon Valley could easily hire a net-savvy investigator to monitor
unscrambled groups like extropians, cypherpunks, etc. and even
more trivially search back archives of Usenet, to track down
networks of drug users, and the like.  (For example, the
apparent True Name who regularly posts a market report listing
street drug prices around the world to alt.drugs!)  In the future
this will be even easier, and the archives will still be around.
The main problem is that many net users aren't using PGP and other powerful privacy tools like anon remailers, because (a) they have
"nothing to hide" from the millions of total strangers, many with
violent intent, who read the net, (b) the tools are too inconvenient,
and (c) lack of cultural development of pseudonymity (this is quite
well developed on several BBS nets, though).  These problems are
being tackled on several fronts.  I'm writing a user-freindly Windows GUI for PGP and anon remailers.  There's also work going on to integreate PGP into traditional mailers (elm, Eudora, etc.) and the MIME standard.  A culture of pseudonymity is starting to spread to the Internet
(with glacial slowness, and driving control freaks like Dick Depew and
L.Detweiler insane in the process).  There's no reason you shouldn't be able to post about your LSD experiences and the like, but make sure you're protecting your privacy with the right tools, for goodness Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-24 13:15:24
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Give me your password- OR ELSE! 
Philippe Nave:
Distributed pass phrases have been mentioned, as have distress codes and dead-man switches.  Along with distributed pass phrases I'd add
distributed keys with M-out-of-N voting, for valuable shared data
(eg corporate data, family bank account).  Other options include:
The ability to choose high-entropy but easy to rememember pass
phrases is an interesting art.  One strategy  is to pick
short pass phrases with high entropy (eg by requiring mixed cases, letters+numbers, etc.)  PGP allows one to pick a long phrase, easier to remember, with less entropy per character but more total entropy.
I despise the current situation where I have to choose a bunch of
difficult to remember alphanumeric codes for different kinds of
accounts, ATM access, etc.
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-11-27 03:34:06
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: response to Detweiler/Boxx/ad nauseum 
I'm really at a loss how to respond to this lunatic.  I hope
the following doesn't just stoke his boilers more, but on
a worldwide public forum I don't think I can let something
like that go unanswered.  Anybody out there with good advice
(legal, tactical, or otherwise), I'd greatly appreciate it.
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,alt.privacy,alt.privacy.anon-server,
Why Mr. Detweiler, that's mighty flattering of you!
I'd be even more flattered by Detweiler's singling
me out, if he wasn't also making death threats and accusations of criminal violations against several people who have recently disagreed with him, trying to track down our
physical locations, and otherwise doing his best to scare the
shit out of net users with his digital stalking.  No, Mr. Detweiler, I'm not "pseudospoofing", but with
nutcases like you on the net I sure as hell wish I was.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-10-09 23:20:58
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: PHONE PRIVACY: real-time billing with digital postage 
We take for granted that long distance companies must record who called whom, and when, in order to tally the bill.  The 900 redialer doesn't obviate this; it simply adds an expensive level of
indirection.  Could not the need for such records be eliminated by real-time payment of digital postage?  Debit cards for phone calls
already exist along these lines, but they are restricted to
public phones; I envision home use to eliminate the need for
monthly bills and the accompanying recordkeeping.
Scenario: long distance company receives a call from one of its
customer phones.  It doesn't know which phone, only that the phone's
local service area provider is requesting a connection.  It notes the area code/country to and from to determine the rate, and receives
the proper digital postage payment from the calling phone.  It notes the destination phone number only in order to pass it on and complete the circuit.  The long distance provider doesn't know the caller's phone number and doesn't keep a permanent record of the other information.
The incoming d-stamp serial numbers are checked to make sure they have not already been used, added to the used list, and a corresponding amount of time is added to the call.  A simple LED on the customer's phone displays the duration and amount of billing as the call progresses.  When the phone runs out of d-stamps it could be refreshed from magnetic strips on cards bought at the local drugstore.
In addition to new-found privacy, real-time billing would be more customer-friendly, providing the real-time feedback on charges that is expected for most other transactions (eg retail purchase of a good).  No more phone bill surprises!
(But please, let's not replace bills with rude robot operators: "deposit fifty cents, please").
Alas, there might be regulations requiring some kind of traffic recording
to be dealt with in some jurisdictions.  But then again maybe not,
since such recording has been taken for granted.
During the Ma Bell breakup here in the U.S. there sprung up a bunch of Mom & Pop long distance companies.  Some of these, providing specialized services, still exist.  Assuming no deadly flaws in this real-time postage scheme, if none of the major long-distance companies are willing to implement it, a small startup might rent bulk long-distance time from the majors and concentrate on the anonymous real-time billing
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-10-10 20:56:23
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Virtual City (tm) and Virtual Capitalism (fwd) 
Arthur Chandler:
Great!  One of the main strengths of Virtual City seems
to be to that its gets rid of the fascist heirarchy of "wizards",
the virtual equivalent of factory managers in the old Soviet
Union.  (Caveat: these are just my impressions of the V.C. project,
I'm not personally involved in it).  Also the quote is "information _wants to_ be free", not "should be".  Alas, it is easy to bottle up information by restricting it to small cliques of wizards.  On the other hand, many of the world-wiser wizards may be able
to use their MUD building skills to become Virtual City tycoons.  There
are probably plenty of wizards pissed off by politically-dominated MUDs,
where access to resources has increasingly become a function of
sharing beers with the "god" and less a function of contribution
to the MUD.  Wizards who are better MUD builders than beer buddies
have incentive to jump ship and carve themselves out nice niches in a free-enterprise MUD.
I suspect Virtual City, and net commerce in general,
will evolve to where people buy and sell some information as
services, and exchange other information freely.  The distinguishing feature between valuable services and free information will likely be
that services will be hard to copy, the end result of obscure, logically deep computations, providing information unique to each customer order or dependent on hard-to-duplicate phyiscal hardware.  Freely copyable information typically will be sellable only a few times, and even then the sale price will depend on it being hot/unique news, uniquely valuable to a specific customer or temporary situation, or conveniently located.
Old news, educational material, etc. will be free, barring fascist
patent/copyright enforcement, but the customers will often pay for more
convenient methods of distribution (eg smart filter services).
Content _per se_ will want to be free, so one will not be able
to generate revenue simply based on popularity of content.
Content generation will not pay and will not dominate the economy.  A good example is the distinction between the freely copyable GNU and X-Windows, and the for-pay consultation, customization, porting, help desks, etc. that have sprung up around them.   Most of the effort goes into the latter: since people like to make a living, most of the
economic effort will go into services rather than the exchange of free information.  As bandwidth becomes cheaper the free info exchange will expand, but
the incentive for creation is limited to self-sacrificing efforts or side-effects of government or consulting businesses or corporate charity (eg GNU, X, PGP).  I look forward to
something like Virtual City providing a free-market alternative to the heirarchical control of information (crypto key authorities, Unix file permissions model, MUD Wizard model, ad nauseum); I do not see
it replacing the GNU free software model.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-10-13 23:26:52
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Pseudonymous & anonymous billing & credit 
[Attribution lost, sorry] Stuart Card:
A pseudonymous customer has the opportunity to either file a
tort under their pseudonymous ID or to publicize the fraud,
either under their pseudonymous ID or anonymously.  Either
way the service provider's reputation is damaged if it
cannot disprove the allegation.
In general, the difficulty of anonymous credit is a good argument
for making the payments as fine-grained as possible (eg digital postage), instead of tallying up bills.  A trusted bank that knows the customer's True Name, long term reputation, or co-signers can handle extensions of credit to that customer for various purposes.  With such streamlined
credit and postage there's no reason for most service providers to be concerned about a customer's credit.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-10-18 03:32:13
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: on anonymity, identity, reputation, and spoofing 
It is suggested we can gather this information per pseudonym:
Jamie Dinkalecker responds: Nevertheless, there is nothing to prevent such information being gathered by list subscribers, with the minor change that (1) would be time since first posting.  The NSA, BlackNet, Internet junk mailers,
or Extortions R Us might be gathering it now if they liked, and for many of us with our True Names to boot.  In my limited experience creating Internet pseudonyms, I've been quite distracted by the continual need to avoid leaving pointers to my
True Name lying around -- excess mail to/from my True Name, shared files, common peculiarities (eg misspellings in written text), traceable logins, etc.   The penet.fi site explicitly maintains a list of pointers to the original address.  All kinds of security controls -- crypto, access, information, inference -- have to be continually on my mind when using pseudonymous accounts.  The hazards are everywhere.  With our current tools it's practically impossible to maintain an active pseudonym for a long period of time against a sufficiently determined opponent, and
quite a hassle to maintain even a modicum of decent security.  Pointers
to info and/or tools to enable the establishment and maintenance of a net.nym, beyond the standard cypherpunks PGP/remailer fare with which I'm now familiar, greatly appreciated.  Especially nice would be a list of commercial net providers that allow pseudonymous accounts.
Another big problem I see with pseudonymous reputations
is entry.  If most people are blocking posts from new pseudonyms, how does one get a new reputation established?   I've had several years
to establish a net.reputation for "Nick Szabo", and it
might take a long time for any of my pseudonyms to catch up.   Altruistic sponsorship requires trusted friends knowing
the True Name, but that public sponsorship itself provides
important clues pointing to that Name.  Sponsorship by the True Name via an anonymous reputation market (like HEx, but securely anonymous and
perhaps tied to futures on the pseudonym's declared income), might be quite useful.  (For information on the HEx market, send
mail to hex at sea.east.sun.com with the subject line "commands").
I hope that we stick to experimenting with pure anonymity
in many venues.  I suggest we'll find out that purely anonymous
posts are not so bad, overall.  Some of the recent stuff has been weird
or rude, but so have been a lot of True Name flames that have passed thru this list.  We find True Name posts easier to deal with
because it's what we're used to.  Many are comforted by the thought
that as a last resort, if a flame is just too evil, the poster
can be tracked down and made to pay for his sins.   The WELL
was so threatened by the thought of anonymity that they required
all pseudonyms to be traceable to the True Name, as an explicit
policy right from the start of the system.  Pure anonymity in all its manifestations is a strange, threatening, fascinating beast
in our panoptic social-welfare world.  Even those of us at
the forefront of harnessing this monster shrink back in fear
when it whinnies.
Many of the recent anon posts have been quite productive, eg "Wonderer's" embarrassing newbie questions which motivated Hal Finney to first write a nice explanation of digital cash, then think of an interesting simplification of Chaum's scheme.  Under
any system falling short of truly intelligent filters,
Hal would not have filtered S. Boxx's first posts
without also filtering Wonderer's first posts.
Pure anonymity provide voice for a wide variety of new kinds
of expression that up until now have been suppressed.
Some kinds are good (whistleblowing), some bad
(slander).  Most are good or bad depending on the situation (asking embarrassing newbie questions, expressing politically incorrect opinions, discussing illegal activities, etc.)  I hope we continue experimenting with pure anonymity for a while longer, as well as experimenting with reputation-based pseudonymous systems.  Some of what comes out might look very strange, something like tapping into previously concealed areas of our social psyche.  I suspect the
result will be a more honest dialog, a more productive conversation
freed from posturing and, ironically, from the concealment of threatening truth.  I hope we will observe the resulting new forms of good and evil
with Zen patience and allow this quite interesting experiment to Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-10-18 05:27:14
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: SILLY FLAMES: pseudospoofing 
L. Detweiler -- shocked, simply shocked, at the realization that
multiple pseudonyms are possible on the net -- explodes:
Perhaps there are differences between a forum and a voting booth?
Perhaps "support" is better measured by how many people are motivated
enough to go to the effort to make multiple but individually unique,
reputable posts in favor of a proposition, rather than by simple numerical polls that abstract away knowledge and
motivation, or by how many True Names position themselves with I'm-on-your-side posts. On cypherpunks' better days, "support" is measured by what kind of code gets written, not by who flames whom how often under
how many names.  Of course we all know that writing code
does not constitute *true* support, since only Democracy is The One True Way.
Welcome to the Internet, Detweiler.  Perhaps you might get
together some physical meetings in Colorado, talk to more cypherpunks on the phone, look at the pictures in Wired magazine (perhaps also
faked?), etc. if you are so concerned about being ganged up on by unknown numbers of strangers.  (Is it better to be ganged up
on by known numbers of strangers?  Why of course, that's called
Hallelujah!  Praise the Lord & pass the card punch!  Let's
vote ourselves bigger paychecks & unlimited medical care.
Let's take a vote on which cypherpunks tools we will implement.
Those who vote with the minority get to do the programming
work, those in the majority get to tell the minority what to write.
I nominate L. Detweiler President of the Cypherpunks.  All in favor say "aye" and bow down to His Holiness of the Veiled Booth!
God forbid!  Quick, Detweiler, get out your garlic, raise
up your cross and abjure these crypto-anarchists before we spread any further!  Next thing you know
we'll get some elitist, anti-democratic development like
untraceable digital cash.  Some people will accumulate
more digicash than others, and Detweiler won't even know
who they are.  Horrors!  Quick Detweiler,
write your electronic leveling tax protocols before its too late.  Better yet, get the majority to vote on
making us evil crypto-anarchists -- only a small cypherpunk
minority once our pseudonyms are unmasked, of course -- make us write them for you.  After all, egalitarian software
is a basic human right!
Isn't it just dreadful?
Detweiler to be axed by untraceable crypto-moderator.  Can't figure out how to make a pseudonym or use a remailer to avoid his fate in Oblivion.  Graphic pictures at 11, may be unsuitable for children!
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-10-25 04:24:49
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: A favor re Detweiler (ha ha ha) 
Jamie Dinkelacker:
Harsh, but insightful.  Detweiler seems to have a world-view in which people are and should be marching morons who make up their minds via peer pressure, perceived majority, consensus, etc. rather than by listening or reading for content, thinking, or taking action for
themselves.  A phenomenon which disrupts this cherished "democratic" state of affairs is "utterly perverted" and "evil".  S(he) who promotes such a change, either specifically or as a side effect of trying to return a modicum of privacy to the panoptic, permanently recorded net, is a "traitor" who should be "thrown in jail", no less.  Detweiler's emotional vision of making every poster "accountable" to mob rule is the most convincing argument I've heard yet for privacy on the net, the stronger the better, the sooner the better.  I wonder how long it will take Detweiler's rhetoric of "perversion" to spread and color other cypherpunks
activities.  If maintaining 'nyms indicates a multiple personality
disorder, then perhaps posting anonymously suggests an inferiority
complex, having something to hide is the sign of a sociopath, etc.
If it's a new and different cultural phenomenon with nuances
that take time to learn, it might well be easier to defame it
as a psychological abnormality, and brand its practioners as "criminals", than to learn about it, adapt to it, and/or convert it locally to better suit one's own tastes. BTW, "Medusa" probably won't last very long after doubling up
with her other 'nym to flame people, having her 'nyms praise
each other, etc.  This isn't theoretical stuff -- a wide variety
of these kinds of things have been tried on BBS's for years. There's a big track record out there we can look at.  Making a mistake that unmasks your 'nym is very easy: between leaving these pointers lying around, the extreme difficulty of maintaining a distinct style or personality for an extensive amount of quality posted material, and the "treachery" of aquaintences (who can use anon remailers if need be
to umask the 'nym).
Thus, I find Detweiler's speculation of massive political
manipulation by net "pseudo-spoofers" (isn't that redundant)?
to be paranoid and fantastic.  I wonder if Detweiler is as worried about the small "clique" of newswrire writers,  quoted almost verbatim by most print media, and without much more than stylistic changes by TV and radio news, a few dozen people
communicating anonymously and via mouthpieces like Dan Rather
to hundreds of millions of people in the English-speaking world?   This "manipulation" of perceived consensus and majority opinion is something a few dozen net "pseudospoofers" on smart drugs posting under a thousand 'nyms could never hope to match.
The closest the net comes to political spoofing is
probably voting for Usenet newsgroups -- completely
insecure, there may have been some close votes swayed by
spoofers, but the world doesn't revolve around the results.
Mostly folks don't care enough about newsgroup voting to bother to spoof it.
We have two options for electronic voting -- we can make it more
secure, and we can make it less important by changing majority-driven
insitutions with market-driven institutions.   I'm all in favor
of making e-voting more secure, but I don't think it's worth
sacrificing our privacy or civil rights to do so.  I don't
find majority rule to be the only, "SACRED"
way to get important things done in cyberspace.  Right now voting
plays practically no role in cyberspace, and that's also what
the forseeable future looks like.
I've seen 'nym unmasking happen extensively both on BBS's and Usenet.
For example, there was a "Holocaust Revisionist" spoofer
who posted under a series of nyms to Usenenet, the old silly argument about only 1 million Jews were killed not 6 million,
the Nazis really intended to facilitate emigration of Jews to
Palestine and instead the Allied bombing trapped them en route
in the camps, ad nauseum.  Professing such opinions can make you "accountable" really quick, in many lasting ways.  In this case, the spoofer was booted off of techbook.com, the BanishedCPU BBS newsfeed was cut off when he signed up there, etc.  None of this spoofer's 'nyms lasted long; the style was too similar
(consistent differences via purposeful mispelling, different usage of capital letters, etc., overdone regional jargon, etc. are easily recognized for what they are).  Perhaps it's selection effect, but I've never seen a 'nym actively maintained for more than a year without unmasking or changing over to another name to avoid that 'nym.  In
anon posts of significant length I've recognized many style pointers right off the bat.  Eg, many of us independtly made the L.Detweiler/S.Boxx link, I've readily recognized the origin of several of Tim May's anon posts, etc.  If we can recognize
links from just one or two posts, how much more difficult to
maintain the ongoing politically persuasive rhetoric suggested by Detweiler.  Not saying it's not possible, just that it would take an extreme amount of careful effort.  This isn't evidence of "criminality"
or "perversion", it's evidence that the "spoofer" cares enough
to go to those lengths, much as Detweiler cares enough to go
to great lengths to fill up my mailbox with name-calling and
elaborate scenarios.
Anybody know what the world record is for 'nym maintence?
Really important votes, market interactions, etc. should be
made quite a bit more secure than Usenet voting, but at least in the case of markets, does not require physical identity to be tied to 'nym.  (Cf. for example Chaum's work and per-organziation pseudonyms
and credentials that can be transferred between these 'nyms, the ongoing discussion of reputation-building, etc.)
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1993-09-09 07:12:18
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Crypto Visions 
In the spirit of the Second Annual Cypherpunks Conference in the
Bay Area this Saturday, here are a variety of visions for future * GUIs for X, Mac, & Windows that make PGP mail encryption & key handling,
anon remailer envelope-stuffing, etc. seamless
* mobile.com: pirate crypto ham and shortwave on the Internet
* How much computing power and radio gear can be crammed into a
van?  An RV?  A yacht?
* Fiber or hi-bandwidth satellite hookup for RV parks and yacht berths
* Itinerant hackers, indigent anarchists, and perpetual
tourists.  Physical crypto-raves for cyberspace biz & social partners
* Discovering, debugging, and implementing true software digicash
(upon which the following visions depend!)
* Distributed digicash banking, offshore, virtually & physically mobile
* International digicash telecommuter contracting: programming,
publishing, typing pools, etc.  Crypto-anarchy for the middle
class; pirate CD-ROM libraries for the 3rd World masses.
* Internet Casino: why travel to Las Vegas or Monte Carlo when you can play the finest games in the privacy of your own home?
* Integration of BBS businesses (already >$1 billion per
year) into the digicash economy
* Effective law enforcement approaches terrorism: random hits
against fixed, centralized physical targets to generate intimidating * Millions of jobs for college grads and military-industrial complex workers: future digicash-related markets in the $trillions per year
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-02-18 00:10:56
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Mimicry 
Specific comment:
Sergey Goldgaber suggests hiding files amongst the disk blocks
marked "deleted" by the filesystem.  This sounds practically equivalent to implementing an alternative file system with its own FAT, etc.  In addition to the problems and solutions
Sergey mentioned, the true/surface/original filesystem must be slightly
modified so that it doesn't bash the hidden filesystem in the
process of making new files.  Of course, it will look rather funny
when the disk runs out of space several tens of megabytes below
the manufacturer's specs.  This hidden file system feature might fit in naturally with
SecureDrive which implements an encrypted file system.
General comments:
Encryption and mimicry are both a matter of economics.
Unfortuneately, as with most mimicry, the effort needed to
find the hidden filesystem is easier than the effort needed
to implement and maintain the hidden filesystem.  ("Effort"
here is primarily programmer and user effort, not computer
It also costs to hide encrypted data in noise; in this case
the cost is mostly bandwidth.  This must be traded off with the
fact that nobody is going to be either (a) banning compression or
noise-containing data or (b) sampling significant fractions of compressed and noisy files that cross the net to see if they're actually encrypted.  Both passage and enforcement of anti-cryptography laws will be greatly discouraged by widespread use of mimicry
(including steganography).
This is also a good opportunity to put in my plug _in favor_
of "security through obscurity" as a good practical solution to
some problems.  For example, the task of scanning the net gets super-linearly more expensive with the number of data formats used (since the cost of implementing software is super-linear with its raw complexity).  Simply having a wide variety of fax, compression, sound, video, encryption, etc. formats will quickly make the cost of
automated scanning efforts prohibitive.  Interoperability
favors standardization, but security and privacy favor
incompatability with the popular formats used by the snoopers.  Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-01-10 13:56:36
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Internet billing scam? 
DNS indicated that this organization does in fact
have one site, mary.iia.org.  Even so, this is not
enough for me to trust them with my credit line.
This conclusion may apply to many other, more legitimate-looking operations that spring up in the near future. This demonstrates that privacy is only one reason to go
to digital cash; the biggest reason may be the massive
fraud commonplace in the current electronic system.
Online billing is moving towards this incredibly insecure system where our $multi-thousand credit lines
are exposed by giving out their short "keys" to numerous
unknown entities.
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com
 Forwarded from COMMUNET:
 Date: Tue, 4 Jan 1994 16:18:44 -0500
 >From: wards at AMOMEGA.ACQ.OSD.MIL (Scott A. Ward 703-614-4719)
 To: Multiple recipients of list COMMUNET
 Subject: Warning: International Internet Association
A company calling itself the International Internet Association, and billing
itself as "the largest non-profit provider of free Internet access in the
world" has started advertizing in the Washington, D.C. area, and offering free
Internet accounts to individuals who will FAX them, among other things, a
credit card number.  As an active member of the Member Council of the National
Capital Area Public Access Network (CapAccess), I wanted to find more about
this organization that supposedly has offices NOT THREE BLOCKS FROM CAPACCESS.
Here's the result of my search for the IIA.
1.  Their address, listed as "Suite 852 - 202 Pennsylvania Ave, N.W. Washington
D.C. 20006", is actually a post office box at Mailboxes, Etc.
2.  The company lists no incorporation, trademark or service-mark licenses.
3.  They claim your E-mail address would be   However:
      a.  No iia.org is listed in the hq.af.mil hosts table
      b.  No iia.org is listed in the acq.osd.mil hosts table
      c.  No iia.org is listed is the INTERNIC 'whois' database
      d.  No iia.org is listed using the INTERNIC 'netfind' Internet lookup
In other words, IIA.ORG does NOT, at this time, exist.
4.  Although they apologize profusely in the application, they state that
"Without receiving a credit card number, the IIA _cannot_ process an account."
5.  Although I have left a message on their voice-mail system, I have received
no response from them.  (they also apologize in the voice mail that, due to
demand, they are operating at a 3-week backlog for applications.)
I cannot judge an organization in advance.  However, I do think it highly
suspicious that, to use their propaganda, "The International Internet
Association is able to make this service available through generous private
donations, and the extraordinary dedication of its membership."  I can say that
I am not convinced this organization exists, and highly discourage any Internet
user from sending information until you make certain that the IIA is real.

@_date: 1994-01-10 15:01:37
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: IIA, more info 
This just in:
The message below was written by a friend who works at UUNET:
--- begin included message ---
Actually, we set them up.  They appear to be real.  Note, this is not an
endorsement!!!  I have no dealings with iia.org directly.  I know only
what I've heard around the office.  They dropped big bucks for a router
just for this service.  The guy who sent that message appears to have
been looking in all the wrong places.  Military hosts tables are
for their incompleteness and for their tremendous lag time.  Whois does
indeed have this site's info, and has since December!  The sender
probably looked in the DDN whois DB which is only for MILITARY SITES.
The correct site to check for everything else is rs.internic.net.
[ken at rodan(tcsh):107] whois iia.org
International Internet Association (IIA2-DOM)
30 South First Avenue
Highland Park, NJ 08904
Domain Name: IIA.ORG
Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
Bochicchio, Charleen  (CB45)  char at JOY.ICM.COM
+1 202 387 5445 (FAX) +1 202 387 5446
Record last updated on 01-Dec-93.
Domain servers in listed order:
MARY.IIA.ORG                 198.4.75.9
NS.UU.NET                    137.39.1.3
The InterNIC Registration Services Host ONLY contains Internet
(Networks, ASN's, Domains, and POC's).
Please use the whois server at nic.ddn.mil for MILNET Information.
Someone in our office did send for info and did receive it, though I do
not know how long it took for them to reply.
Ken Dahl
ken at uunet.uu.net
UUNET Technologies, Inc.                                 ...!uunet!ken
--- end included message ---
BTW, I faxed the company an account request back in October (and again
in November) but have yet to hear anything from them.
Peter Johansson
peter at cs.umbc.edu
Your guess is as good as mine!
d3 `-{>

@_date: 1994-01-10 15:05:11
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: IIA 
30 South First is a blue two story residence complete with Volvo
in the driveway and Winnebago (or some such similar beast) in the
back yard.  There are no signs or markings for IIA (or
Intellicom/icm.com, which shares this same address according to
whois).  There is a single mailbox which has no name on it,
personal or company.
-Steve "with obviously not enough to do."

@_date: 1994-01-11 04:15:13
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Credit cards vs. digital cash 
Steve Bellovin raises some good points about the function
of credit cards.  A couple responses:
Vendors should be able to get the equivalent protection by buying insurance against customers skipping town, for a similar price.
That, and collection enforcement, via local jurisdictions which have been lobbied to pass credit card fraud laws, are two of the main
functions served by credit card companies.  A third is collection
of dossiers on customers, which we would like to put under
customer control.
For online services, where the customer can be billed in near
real-time, the case where a large bill approaches the credit limit
is at least exceptional, and might be eliminated entirely.
Where the largest bill is much smaller than the credit limit,
the customer is put at much smaller risk by putting up a deposit then by exposing their entire credit rating
to both the vendor and snoopers who intercept the number.
Furthermore, the deposit can be made with a neutral third
party which serves the arbitrator function for disputes.
In this particular case, phone billing could be done
in very small increments, in near real-time, with digital
This company was operating internationally; one of their customers
who posted lives in Kuwait.  Do all Internet jurisdictions have
laws protecting credit card customers?  How are these laws
enforced?  On whom lies the burden of evidence, legal costs, etc.?
I agree that the issue of customer vs. vendor assumption of risk
deserves much more attention than we have given it.  A major
goal is to minimize dependence on the maze of Internet
jurisdictions to resolve conflicts.  One interesting idea is an online escrow services that holds a customer deposit equal to the amount of the largest possible bill, and uses the escrow to resolve disputed billings.  The challenge is minimizing leakage of private information, via the escrow.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-01-11 04:21:42
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Welcome to IIA (fwd) 
Here's the IIA info message that has caused all the furor:
Forwarded message:
The text in this document is how we envision our host machine to
look in the very near future.  Please be patient if some things
are not currently available.  We are working on this system daily
to improve it.
Welcome to the International Internet Association  - the largest
non-profit provider of free Internet access in the world.  We are
a Washington based association dedicated to the free flow of
information without regard to position or affiliation. We look
forward to serving you.
In response to your request we need a little more information to
set up an account and get you on-line.  Please complete the
attached form and return to our offices in Washington. You will
advance in line quicker if you simply fax back the attached
registration form at the end of this document.
When received we will provision accounts in the order received. We have responded to over fifteen thousand requests in the last
several weeks, and we greatly appreciate your continued patience. WHO AM I ON THE INTERNET?
We will assign a USERID (User Identification) which combines your
first and last name in accordance with international standards
governing E-mail.  All accounts will be eight characters or less
beginning with the last name and ending with the first initial. For example John Smith will become SMITHJ.  If your last name is
over seven characters only the first seven characters will be
used.  If you would like a specific ID, this can be arranged as
well as other custom services upon your first login.  You need
only follow the menu items to custom services and make the
electronic request.  Since you will gain access to the Internet
through the IIA your address to the rest of the internet
community will be USERID at IIA.ORG  where USERID is the name we
generated using your last name first initial.
WHAT DO I GET?
     You get an Internet account providing 14,400 BPS capability
     and lower (9600,2400,1200).        256K of storage allowing you to download files and messages
     (more can be made available).       Kermit, X-MODEM, Y-Modem, and Z-MODEM download protocols to
     transfer information to your home computer.       Menu driven options will allow easy access to GOPHER, World-
     Wide-Web, Archie, Prospect, Telnet, FTP and a host of others
     (no pun intended)
In short you can do what anyone else anywhere can do on the net
and more (we have built in capabilities beyond the general
capabilities of the Internet).
The International Internet Association is able to make this
service available through generous private donations, and
extraordinary dedication of its membership.  We will invite users
to join, but will in no way restrict access based on membership.
WHAT TO EXPECT
You will receive two numbers with your welcome aboard package.  One is a direct dial number to either our master node in
Washington D.C., or our research facility in New Jersey.  If you
choose to direct dial it is your responsibility to pay your long
distance carrier for the time spent on-line.  Your bill will be
identical to the cost of calling and speaking to someone.  The
cost of a phone call.
The second option is to receive an 800 number provided by the
IIA.  The IIA has made arrangements for this service to be
provided universally across the U.S. 24 hours a day at the rate
of 20 cents per minute.  (The 20 cents is billed exactly at cost
through the generous contribution of our supporting provider).
You need to look at your long distance rate from your current
provider and decide the most economical way to reach our nodes.
The IIA plans to install local calling points across the U.S. to
support our users, as soon as we obtain the funds.
WHAT WE NEED FROM YOU:
Please complete the enclosed form in its entirety.  Pay careful
attention to the accuracy of your name and address.  We need a
Master Card, Visa, Or American Express.  When we provision your
account you will have access to both the direct dial, and the
U.S. 800 number.  If you do not use the 800 number you will never receive a charge. If you find the 800 number more economical than direct dial than
you will be billed in 10 dollar increments.  A charge will be
rolled over until all time has been exhausted.  Without receiving
a Credit Card Number, the IIA cannot provision an account.  (We apologize for this inconvenience to our users planning on
direct dial.  Shortly we plan to rectify this through programming,
but until that time we must adhere to the policy of our
long-distance provider.)
WELCOME ABOARD PACKAGE
Your welcome aboard package will contain additional information
about the IIA including your USERID and Password (required for
login) and instructions on how to login.  We will also provide
information on the Internet services available.  However the
majority of the useful information can be found on-line by
following the menus to the help section.
OUR THANKS
The IIA would like to thank-you for your interest in becoming
part of the electronic community, and we look forward to serving
in the capacity of your host.  We trust it will change you life.
                   INTERNATIONAL INTERNET ASSOCIATION
                  APPLICATION FOR FREE INTERNET ACCESS
Name      ________________________________________
Address   ________________________________________
          ________________________________________
Fax Line(___)______________   Voice Line (___)____________
Modem Speed (1200)  (2400)  (9600)  (14.4)  (Whats a modem?)
Credit Account: Required (See attached statement)
               Visa _______________________Exp-date_____
               MC   _______________________Exp-date_____
               AMEX _______________________Exp-date_____
Signature ____________________     Date _____________________
1.   I understand that the use of this account will be for lawful               purpose and accept responsibility for my actions while on-line.  I
     will not hold the IIA responsible for any activities occuring, or
     initiated by any user who makes knowing use of the ID IIA assigns on
     my behalf.
2.   I agree that any use of the 800 number made available to me by the
     IIA will be billed to my credit card.  I authorize use of this
     account with regard to voluntary on-line services to which I approve.
When completed please fax this document to the following.
                            (202) 387 - 5446
PLEASE NOTE - FAX THIS DOCUMENT DIRECTLY - WE CAN NOT ENSURE PRIVACY IF
YOU SEND IT THROUGH THE NETWORK!
      This form may be copied for the purposes of adding additional
                              Internet users.
If you are having difficulties making a clean connection try changing
your modem parameters to 7 bits, even parity and 1 stop bit.

@_date: 1994-01-18 10:18:45
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Barriers to offshore banking 
The middle class avoids current offshore banking because it
is user-hostile and puts their life savings at high risk.
An offshore bank often takes a week or more to service requests for statements sent by snail-mail.  Offshore banks are notorious for obsconding with customers' money.  Reputation information on these banks is hard to find to nonexistant.  The typical offshore bank customer spends $1,000's on legal fees to obtain information on reputable banks, the legality of what they are doing in both the local and
offshore jurisdictions, and to set up obscure, sophisticated legal entities.  There aren't any good statistics, but I'd guess that most of the money saved by going offshore is lost to legal fees and fraud.
A good on-line bank will tackle user friendliness by providing rapid,
detailed feedback, either instant (IP connection) or slightly
delayed (e-mail).  This also indirectly tackles trust.  You sleep
better when you can instantly obtain the status of your account, withdraw your funds in case of emergency, distribute
funds across several different banks with low overhead, and
easily get detailed information about the variety of banks and accounts available.
Trust could be more directly tackled by the following:
* Private deposit insurance, with risk spread across several
offshore banks
* Offshore bank rating service, also available online
* Sponsorship by major banks, with a longer-term reputation
and larger capital base
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-01-20 09:04:18
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: alternative to Fair Cryptosystems 
Carl Ellison:
Would the "boys and girls" with this choice be the users or the comm
equipment manufacturers?  If the users, the system would become that
much more user hostile (already a big barrier to common use of crypto).
If the manufacturers, the system would not be practically different from today's, where manufacturers are free to choose their encryption method but get leaned on by the government in various ways to use weak methods.
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-01-21 09:56:55
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: A Detweiler Lesson 
Arthur Chandler:
So, this is only supposed to work one way?   If someone uses remailers
to dig into my personal life, accuse me of criminality, and threaten
me with violence, I'm supposed to just meekly take it?!!!!!!!!
I have the feeling Arthur Chandler's another one of the "Detweiler's
in my kill file" folks who needs a clue about what has been going on.
I'll send him my Detweiler archive forthwith so he can do his homework.
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1994-01-24 17:06:41
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: REMAIL: Cover traffic 
Hal Finney on sending noise messages:
This is still a big win, since it expands the traffic analyst's task from
determining what goes in and out of a single remailer to what goes in
and out of the entire network.  The per-remailer traffic, for now
and in the forseeable future, is too small to effectively mix traffic
at that level; but traffic across the entire network may soon be
sufficient for that.  We get a reasonable digital mix with over
an order of magnitude less real traffic by using noise messages.
My biggest current concern as an individual, or potential business remailer user, is not some super-duper
netwide traffic analysis by giga-bureaucracies that
have much bigger fish to worry about than myself; it is rather
is the _manual_ tracking of message via hacking of remailer sites or collusion by remailers, who seem to all
log their messages.  If I was to send out a message I really wanted hidden right now, I would generate quite a bit of noise to go along
with it, so that the easy _manual_ tracking of messages that can
practically occur now would be foiled.
Sure they will.  Every bit bucket address adds another node that
the opponent must monitor; most opponents will quickly be overwhelmed
by the task of sniffing out just a few bit-bucket PCs on private "Little Garden" style networks.  Most folks who make serious use of remailers (with
nested-encryption scripts, etc.) can also easily set themselves up
as bit-bucket addresses.  Realistic-looking accounts can be set up
at many sites and used as nothing but bit buckets.   (Remailer users
can of course use real addresses at bit buckets right now, but this
is rather rude!)
Noise messages and bit-bucket addresses may not be theoretically
interesting, but the provide major practical improvements.
I challenge cypherpunks to come up with designs for actual software
to distinguish quantized noise messages from real messages that can realistically be implemented on the Internet, not just scenarios that an extremely strong organization could theoretically implement,
by expending vastly much more effort than remailer users and operators.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-11-07 03:52:48
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Recovering lost coins in ecash 
These users need to learn the features of the software.  Backups of spent coins are retained in the payment history ledger.  Select the payment from
the ledger, and hit _Cancel_ to cancel the payment.   This credits the
lost coins to your account.
The story behind this (which is, alas, not so apparent to the user) is that
this essentially spends the coins at the bank, so that if they were lost, the amount will be credited to your account.  If the coins were already cleared and credited to the payee then you ask the payee for your money back (or to properly deliver the purchased service), relying on their business reputation (ie, complain loud and publically if you don't get satisfaction).  For the latter case an escrow service would be a useful
third-party add-on to the basic ecash system, to allow exchanges in
larger amounts without incurring this risk from the payee.
This bit of electronic magic is one place where ecash is superior to physical cash -- but at the expense of not being obvious from the metaphor.  It also illustrates the superior flexibility of
online clearing -- double spending is used as an error recovery tool,
to find out whether the payment was in fact lost, rather than as an indication of fraud.
Nick Szabo                              szabo at netcom.com  Internet commerce consultant

@_date: 1995-11-17 12:51:37
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Security via Sounding Impressive 
I've notice an interesting pattern in how security mechanisms are named.
On the one hand, we have some security features with very impressive sounding
Certification *Authority*
*Trusted* Server
*Master* Key
These words fill most people (many on this list are exceptions)
with awe and good will towards the feature so named. They also make good channel markers, pointing out the _insecure_ parts of the system.  The effect is to cover up the lack or inadequecy of a mechanism with invocations that put your brain to sleep. This is quite lucrative for marketing purposes, but it works on
many designers of security features as well!
On the other hand, when we isolate the actual mechanisms of a system
are in fact  mathematically secure, we get names like:
Message Digest
These are just plain, boring words, with no connotation that we should
trust them like we trust our big brother.  They just work.
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com
Internet Commerce & Security consulting -- e-mail for details

@_date: 1995-10-25 18:15:15
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: DigiCash 
Darren New:
This is a bad-case scenario, since it involves long delay and
delivery of goods that, unlike information, have a nontrivial
marginal cost to the merchant.  These both give the merchant
incentive to skip the delivery step.  For this kind of business, there are several possibilities, none of which  is mature enough
to have actually been deployed yet (which is why ecash is currently aimed at small, immediately delivered goods and services).
* Escrow services, which take responsibility for delivery each
way (and develop a public reputation for reliably doing this).
This has the value that it still allows the parties to be mutually
anonymous (although additional tools are needed to actually
have strongly anonymous connections, the payment/delivery protocol doesn't preclude it).
* Ripped bill protocols might be able to substitute for escrows.
(these are quite esoteric, but can again be hidden behind a nice
* Deal only with a jurisdictionally reachable merchant and hope the
law is on your side (often not an available solution on the global Internet, but usually assumed by identified payment schemes, so
it's a reasonable fallback from that point of view).
For smaller transactions with rapid delivery times, complaining loudly and publicly on Usenet will soon put the business out of it.
Receipts will give such complaints more credibility, and will also
allow the clearing agent to credibly get involved.  (Obviously
in these cases anonymity is lost for a particular transaction,
but unlinkability with one's unchallenged transactions remains).
Finally, in a few markets the value add of confidentiality is enough to outweigh the risks for even large transactions.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-10-25 18:31:43
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Privacy Marketing 
Most Internet businesses, especially the Web software and
payment systems providers, are severely underestimating the market
for privacy features that is out there.  Consider: * A recent general survey showed that 83% of Americans are very concerned about their privacy on the "Information Superhighway".
One can expect even stronger figures from European customers, which
have more first-hand experience with private data, much of it
originally compiled for innocuous reasons, being used for
political repression.  The vast majority of our customers are
concerned about privacy.
* Marketing surveys on privacy that are both detailed and accurate
are hard to come by, because customers who care more about their privacy tend to dislike filling out detailed forms (even if they claim to be * Over half the BBS, and potentially the Internet, online service market
is in controversial services, where customers are even more concerned
about privacy than average.
* Privacy, once considered merely a political issue, is now being recognized for its more important aspect, as a market differentiator and value-add.
Marketers correctly recognize that government "privacy regulations" mean much less privacy for businesses if it is to be enforced, and the voters no
longer expect such laws to have any teeth in the face of modern
technology.  That hardly means that customers are not concerned about it, as
the numbers show.  The alternative to regulation is market solutions.
Recognize that many customers do want privacy, give them what they want, and contrast yourself to your competitor. Making visible the ways your competitor is violating their customers' privacy will become a powerful marketing strategy.  This strategy was used rather timidly, and inaccurately,
by AT&T against MCI, where it nevertheless had great success.  (Inaccurate
because all major phone companies compile lists of who calls whom,
and use them for marketing as well as billing -- MCI was simply being more honest about it).  Used boldly and accurately, privacy marketing has vast potential to upset competitors who rely too much on marketing data and not enough on empathy with the human customer.  For an idea
of what such a marketing campaign might be like, imagine combining
Apple "1984" Mac ads, one of the most effective campaigns in history,
with the AT&T vs. MCI campaign, to sell products and services that in fact do protect customer privacy where the competition does not.  * Most Americans do _not_ participate in frequent flier and similar
customer tracking programs.  Many who do participate don't realize
the extent to which their lifestyle is tracked, since these actions
are performed on remote databases, well hidden from the customer.
If customers aren't concerned about their privacy, then why the need for all the distracting gimmicks and giveaways?  Why not just promote these programs straightforwardly to the customer as "Customer Tracking Programs"?  A competitor who can provide a privacy protecting solution
can do just that, damaging these tracking programs severely.
* It is ludicrous to argue that cash transactions, which leave no
identified paper trail, provide no practical privacy.  In fact they
prevent detailed compilation of lifestyle habits, by (a) not
depending on identity to settle the transaction, (b) making
identity tracking, where it occurs, a visible, separate process, and (c) making it too expensive to track identity via the payment system itself,
except in extreme, very rare cases.  In practice, this means that cash customers don't get their lifestyles described in detail in remote databases, while non-confidential electronic payers increasingly do.  Eventually this sharp difference in outcome will feed back to the customer, greatly increasing the demand for cash over non-confidential
electronic payment.
* A big challenge for vendors value-adding privacy is to accurately communicate these privacy features, through both the user interface and their
marketing, while debunking fraudulent claims (such as calling non-confidential payment systems "cash") and exposing the privacy
violating actions of their competitors.
I conclude that privacy marketing will be an important value-add for
Internet commerce.  It will be a terrific way to gain market share at the expense of the competition  -- or to lose much of your market share, if you find yourself on the wrong end of a privacy campaign.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-09-15 16:10:40
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: why ecash is traceable 
Hal & Tim have made some interesting comments about payee untraceability.
I suspect it will clarify things to point out the orthogonality in two of the major design choices:
* Clearing: Offline vs. online
* Settlement: Deposit to payee's account vs. sending new cash to payee
Because DigiCash wants their product to have payer, but not payee, privacy,
the current ecash(tm) software from DigiCash uses online clearing
and deposit to payee's account, but the three other combinations are also quite doable if somebody wanted to implement them.  The design that allows symmetric untraceability combines online clearing with sending new cash.  This way the bank need not ID the payee Bob in order to credit him with the value of the transaction; Bob and the bank can complete the clearing and settlement via anonymous channel.  (The bank will also want to receive an anonymous payment from Bob for the service,
and Chaum has described a second blinding step the payee must
perform for the symmetric case, complications which I won't go into Offline clearing requires the potential to ID the payer in order to punish double-spending after the fact.
Online systems without observers (such as ecash(tm)) don't
need to worry about trying to find multiple spenders, because this is
prevented by the online clearing.  In fact, purposeful second-spending
is used to recover from some error conditions, specifically to determine whether the payee in fact received the "coin" or not when there has been a
network error in the middle of a transaction.   Distinguishing between
mistaken  and fraudulent double spending is a very complex, not completely tractable problem, so the current ecash(tm) punts it, which is reasonable
because it is online.  An offline system would need an elaborate
blacklisting system as well as active support of law enforcement in
all jurisdictions using the ecash, would need to come up with reasonable ways to distinguish between fraudulent and mistaken double-spending, and would need more elaborate and specialized error-recovery protocols.  If hardware "observers", based on "tamper-proof" hardware instead of mathematical protocol, and which
prevent double-spending at the source, can be made harder to crack than
the maximum a cracked card is allowed to spend, then such small-value transactions might be feasible offline.  (This is the major avenue being pursued commercially, because online transactions are perceived to
be too expensive, which is false in the case of the Internet IMHO).
Nick Szabo					szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1995-09-19 17:11:55
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Crypto + Economics + AI = Digital Money Economies 
I wholeheartedly agree with Tim that economics should play an important
role in analyzing cryptographic protocols.  It lets us step back and
ask what features are important, and in general what we are trying to
accomplish: usually something very different than the military uses of
cryptography that have given rise to the current methodologies.
To economics, especially game theory, I add a vast body of knowledge about human relationships, especially those involving commerce, that civilization has accumulated over the years: law, especially business law.
If we step back and look at what many cypherpunks are trying to achieve,
a major idealistic theme is a Ghandian cyberspace where violence can only be make-believe, whether in Mortal Komat or "flame wars".  Cypherpunks want our telephone networks, Internet businesses,
etc. to be both protected from force, and not dependent on force for
their existence. Our 20th century information commerce systems, from publishing to credit cards, have often been very dependent on the threat of violence, usually law enforcement, to protect intellectual property rights, deter fraud, collect debts, etc.  There is no utopia in sight where such threats can be completely eliminated, but we can recognize that they exist and carefully work to reduce our dependence on them.
In a far more practical vein, the dawn of international commercial
networks that criss-cross hundreds of jurisdictions with complex, obscure,
and often contradictory regulations, gives rise to a vast market
opportunity for substituting, where possible, network security mechanisms for law enforcement dependencies. The recent discoveries in cryptographic protocols provide us with a rich toolbox for
solving these problems.
Perhaps the most fundamental building block of business law is the
contract.   Strongly related to Tim's ontology of money is an area I have developed quite extensively called _smart contracts_.
The terms of contractual relationships can often be formalized
and standardized, and then performed via network-based protocols.  These protocols, along with economic incentives, protect the performance of the contract from both fraud by the principals and attack from third parties.  This is also the basic task of law enforcement in commercial law;
thus smart contracts when successful reduce dependence on law enforcement
as well as losses to fraud and cracking.  Of special interest to cryptologists is that the principles of contract provide us with a methodology for the use of cryptography that is very different from,
and potentially far more lucrative than, the traditional military paradigm.
I have much more to say about these things in my essays under
 and in a forthcoming article
for _Extropy_.
Nick Szabo				szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1996-08-17 08:24:44
@_author: szabo@netcom.com 
@_subject: Credit enforcement 
Steve Omohundro writes on alt-inst:
I have been intrigued by this possibility as well.  See my essay at
"   Steve has
put his finger on one of the basic outstanding problems
in this area, namely the enforcement of credit.  Currently
there are several partially effective processes:
* Reputation (especially credit reports): often effective, but
only to a point, as it is often hard for the debtor to accurately judge the future reputational effects of an action (eg failure to pay a bill,
taking out too large a loan, etc.) that has clear, local,
beneficial effects today.   This is more imbalance in knowledge
between current and distant consequences among individual consumers, but even among large organizations with high credit
ratings it is not an irrelevant factor.
* Secured transactions: liens, etc.
* Garnishment of future income
* Law enforcement, especially to enforce transfer of control over liened assets, garnishment, etc.
These processes have a fundamental property in common --
they violate the privity of credit transactions -- they bring
in third parties to track reputations or enforce repayment.
Credit transactions seem to entail a fundamental imbalance in incentives that can only be redressed by bringing in third parties.
Secured credit need not violate privity if the physical control
over the securing property can be shared.  So that, for
example, automobile credit can be secured as long as reposession is
possible.  The trick is to make repossession by the creditor
easy but theft by third parties difficult.  I have proposed "smart liens" along these lines, electronic security measures
strong against third parties but with a "back door" for
creditors.  This well-specified, shared control over "smart property"
more accurately reflects the agreement involving that property, so that there is less need for third parties.  To even more accurately reflect the contract, we need a mechanism to eliminate the creditor control once the auto loan has been payed off.
Alas, there is less incentive to provide these kinds
of contractual process improvements in a market where
government subsidizes the enforcement of contracts.
Similar mechanisms might be possible for other kinds of
security (houses, escrow accounts, etc.), but many valuable
kinds of credit are unsecured, and we run into privity problems when it comes to garnishment of future income.  Here, we are invoking third parties, namely the debtor's future contract counterparties.
Any mechanism seemingly needs to involve them, but both principals
have an incentive to enter a private, ungarnished contract in preference to one involving the creditor.
(ie, the amount of garnishment is a surplus to be divided
between principals who can route around it).
A way to a solution, if it were feasible, would be to give the creditor shared control over the entire scope of of the debtor's income
capabilities - or, a bit closer to practicality, over the entire scope of his digital income capabilities.  A secondary solution is some combination
of wide scope and limited compromise of privity.  After all, money itself is a compromise of privity, since the contract parties rely on third parties to clear and maintain the value of the currency.  Money's compromise of privity is well-defined, however, not an open-ended release of information
and physical control, even over one's own person, as often occurs with credit reports and law enforcement respectively.  Our challenge is to find
privity compromises with such well-defined limits to enforce
credit transactions.  One possibility here is a "garnishable currency".  All banks have an interest in enforcing credit, so they can
make deals with each other to enforce credit via the garnishment
of debtor bank account deposits at any participating bank.  However, substantial amounts of garnishment (and if it provides a lower cost way of enforcing credit the amounts will be substantial) gives rise to an incentive for banks to fail to participate.  Here the need to commonly clear a currency between banks can be used as a barrier to entry for such defectors.
The currency is simply declared garnishable, and any banks who
wish to deal in the currency must participate in the garnishing
process.  This currency wins against competitor currencies
in a free-banking market because it provides a better means
to enforce credit, allowing greater credit expansion at lower
On the other hand, traditional coin and currency transfers, and some kinds of digital cash transfers, need not involve deposits to bank accounts linked (usually by True
Name, but a "debtor nym" could also work) to one's unsecured debts,
and given that there is a market for these kinds of transfers for other reasons, its existence allows banks to defeat auditing of garnishment by other banks participating in that currency.   Abuses of financial auditing for the purposes of extortion, inside information, etc.
will likely maintain a major market for the non-deposit payment methods.
Steve proposes "interval money" that would expire.   A similar idea
has been proposed by Tim May, a "time release" form of money that becomes good only after a certain date.  These can
probably be implemented by a digital mint expiring or activating
special issues of digital cash, or by a third party issuing
escrowed keys at specific times (since these keys are encrypted
against the escrow agent, and that agent doesn't know what they
will be used for, the escrow agent has no incentive to cheat).
A technical issue here is whether the digital signature space is large enough to encompass one unique signature per unique credit transaction
deadline into the indefinite future.  While these protocols are
intriguing, and potential building blocks for a solution,
the institutions using them proposed so far seem to still rely on
a solution to the deposit garnishment problem as discussed above, that is the problem of sufficiently disincentivizing the debtor from using non-garnishable alternatives while maintaining the privity of
payments to those who are not unsecured debtors (the ability for these people to use non-deposit payment methods).
Nick Szabo
szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1996-06-06 17:12:13
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Micropayments: myth? 
Some electronic commerce projects promise dramatically lower transaction
costs, so that we can achieve "micropayments", "microintermediation",
and so forth.  Is this achievable?  Consider a feature fairly independent of the particular payment system: the statement of charges.  Here lies a tradeoff here between completeness and complexity.   On the one hand, merely summarizing charges creates the opportunity for salami frauds, allowing widely distributed false or exaggerated microcharges to go undetected.  Furthermore, parties reading only the summaries get no feedback by which they can adjust their behavior
to minimize costs.  On the other hand, a statement too complex to
be easily read also allows fraud, error, and inefficient usage to go unrecognized, because one or both parties cannot understand the rationale for the charges in relation to the presumed agreement on
terms of service and payment. There seems to lie here a fundamental cognitive bottleneck, creating a
limit to the granularity of billable transaction size whether electronic
or physical.  One proposed solution to this has been "intelligent agents".  But since these agents are programmed remotely, not by the consumer, it is difficult for the consumer to determine whether the agent
is acting the consumers' best interests, or in the best interests
of the counterparty -- perhaps, necessarily, at least as difficult as reading the corresponding full statement of charges.   By
sleight of hand we may have merely transformed the language of the transaction as it needs to be understood by the party, without
reducing the complexity to be understood.  Furthermore, the user interface to enable consumers to simply express their sophisticated preferences to an agent is lacking, and may represent another fundamental cognitive bottleneck.
Telephone companies have found billing to be a major bottleneck.
By some estimates, up to 50% of the costs of a long distance call
are for billing, and this is on the order of a $100 billion per year
market worldwide.  Internet providers have been moving to a flat fee in order to minimize these costs, even though this creates the incentive for network resource overusage.  A micropayments system assumes a solution to the billing problem.
If somebody could actually solve the this problem, rather than merely claiming to have solved it via some mysterious
means ("intelligent agents", et. al.), the savings would be enormous even in existing businesses such as long distance and
Internet service -- never mind all the new opportunities made
possible by micropayments.  Nick Szabo
szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1996-06-23 11:53:05
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Accounting costs: the need for better metaphors 
To assess the desirability of a transaction, and to avoid being mischarged,
the parties to a transaction have to count up, ie account for, the money paid for particular products and services --  whether making sure that cash payments ar made as promised (eg looking at the display as products are scanned at the store, or the receipt afterwards), or making sure the phone bill is proper.  Herein I use "accounting" in
this broad sense.
I may be paying in cash, but I'd still like to keep track of how and why my cash is going in and out, for many of the same reasons that accountants reconcile and analyze book entries.  Right now a transaction log (whether ecash(tm)'s or a credit card's) is the most useful way to do this.  There may be other metaphors more appropriate for some circumstances (eg, eg absolute level gauges, rate gauges with high and low water marks, etc.); this is a potentially fertile new field to explore.  There may be agents that can do some
of the accounting (eg comparing payments made to terms promised, payment limits, etc.), but for the vast majority of products and
services software cannot judge the quality or personal desire for the product or service, and thus the net desirability of the transaction.  The user must undertake this comparison with whatever information the computer can provide via the display.  The user interface and the cognition of the user thus remain the bottleneck to transaction granularity.
A big task is to use the power of GUI to come up with new metaphors to make this easier.  It is the intuitive yet accurate metaphor that will lower
accounting costs.  Cryptographic protocols potentially lower only security-related transaction costs such as forgery and extortion.
For the normal accounting transaction costs, which are currently too high for micropayments, we need better interactive visual
For transactions free of records, we need transactions
that can be fairly transacted once, immediately accounted for
by the parties via a nice visual metaphor, then forgotten.  The potential for unresolvable disputes in record-free systems is vast for transactions where this is not possible (probably most
of desired commerce: where quality of a product or service cannot be well determined until after the purchase transaction is complete, or where credit is involved).
Price is one kind of contractual term; we also need nice metaphors
to keep track of other kinds of contractual terms.  Lack of observability of the protocol on the part of the user leads to the ability of the counterparty to engage in hidden actions.  See " for further discussion of this and other computerized contracting One of the barriers to creating good contracts is determining
what the parties want in the first place.   People tend to think
in terms of standard or stereotyped conditions: payment in dollars,
investing in stocks, etc. when there exist a far wider variety of
alternative contractual structures that, combined properly, could better meet the parties' needs.  I'd like to see tools which allow parties to explore their desires interactively with the computer.  In finance this might include interactive personal yield curves, determining the partial order of desires (as in decision theory) for particular alternate securities, derivatives, and synthetics; and so on.  Software would then analyze this input, make recommendations, and even undertake
automated contracting(*).  Metaphors should be developed so that make it easy for lay users to express such desires without extensive knowledge of finance or decision theory.  Such metaphors would provide a friendly
front end to automated exchanges, auctions, and other online contracting mechanisms.
Currently budget programs (like Quicken) provide some of the
metaphors, and financial analysis programs provide extensive
feedback on the cash flow properties of particular contracts,
but a potentially large untapped market lies between in a combination of these two technologies.
(*) contracting-like transactions done by automated agents raise
interesting questions about what constitutes a "meeting of the
Nick Szabo
szabo at netcom.com

@_date: 1996-06-23 12:23:12
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Micropayments: myth? 
A general limitation of level and rate gauges is that they apply
only to fungible commodities.  One gallon of gas is roughly as
good as any other, and one dollar is as good as any other(*),
so that the a gas pump gauge reflects the information important to the gas buyer.  Where variety in quality or features is important, or different products and services need to be purchased, the graphical
display of levels and rates does not reflect that information.
For this reason, most Internet commerce purchases are made by filling
out forms, the user selecting various features to be included in the
shipped product.  Such information cannot be reflected in a gauge,
and interaction by filling out forms is far too expensive for
micropayment transactions.  Incomparable transactions lumped
into a summary lose important information, while mathematically
comparable transactions so summarized do not (as long as the
summary display properly reflects the mathematical relationship).
Incomparable purchases must be looked at separately to
determine whether one was charged a fair rate, or whether the
transaction will be or was desirable.
There are some potentially fungible Internet commodities: bandwidth,
disk space, CPU time, memory, etc.  Such transactions can be summarized
losslessly, and comparability also facilitates agents automation,
so these areas provide a potential niche for micropayments.  However,
before such commodities can be traded they must be somehow be unbundled
from each other and related factors which may (availability, response time) or may not (human support) themselves be fungible.
Keeping track of a wide variety of unbundled services is itself
a big transaction cost.
Nick Szabo
szabo at netcom.com
(*) In general, currencies are linearly comparable via exchange
rates, so that currency exchange can be accurately summarized via gauges.  More sophisticated financial transactions require more
sophisticated interfaces.  Many of these relationships can in principal still be graphed continuously and even monotonically, but there are a wide variety of such relationships, so our work is cut out for us here.
