
@_date: 2010-03-09 05:54:46
@_author: Tanja Lange 
@_subject: Workshop on Elliptic Curves 
The study of Elliptic Curves has been closely connected with Machine
computation almost since the invention of computers -- in 1952 Emil
Artin had John von Neumann perform an extensive calculation relating
to elliptic curves on the IAS MANIAC computer.  The fundamental papers
of Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer in 1965, which gave rise to the
Birch-Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture were buttressed with extensive
machine computation.  There has been extensive interplay between
theory and computation relating to ranks of elliptic curves, Heegner
points, Galois representations, Sato-Tate distributions, and many
other areas.
The year 2010 marks the beginning of a 25 year period in which a
number of influential papers initiated a fundamental connection
between elliptic curves, cryptology and the theory of computation.
. Rene Schoof about fast algorithms for counting points on elliptic
 curves over finite fields
. Hendrik Lenstra about integer factorization using elliptic curves
. Victor Miller and Neal Koblitz about the security of using elliptic
 Curves over finite fields in a Diffie-Hellman key exchange.
. Shafi Goldwasser and Joe Kilian about primality proving using elliptic
 curves
. Len Adleman and Ming-Deh Huang about primality proving using abelian
 varieties
. Oliver Atkin and Francois Morain about primality proving using elliptic
 curves.
Since 1997 there has been an annual workshop on Elliptic Curve
Cryptography.  To celebrate the 25th anniversary of the above papers
we will hold a full week meeting intermixing talks which are concerned
with the applications of elliptic curves in cryptography and other
fundamental results concerning elliptic curves and computation.
The meeting will be held from Oct 18-22, 2010 at Microsoft Research in
Redmond, Washington, USA.
The organizers are Victor Miller (Center for Communications Research),
William Stein and Neal Koblitz (University of Washington), and Kristin
Lauter (Microsoft Research)
