
@_date: 2001-10-08 18:06:45
@_author: Tabla bin Rasa 
@_subject: freezing Osama; burning down the house 
Stormin' Norman (tm) leaked the following: the US
can ID humans in the *cold* desert.  And its getting *buttcold*
in certain parts of the world.  If we can't find him, we can starve
and freeze him.
One nice bit of karma: the Mullah's house burned down.
Probably without warning, and only his house.  Nice
hand of god fireworks, general.

@_date: 2001-10-08 18:24:28
@_author: Tabla bin Rasa 
@_subject: Let's Attack The Irish White Christian Terroroists... 
It is an interesting question, as yet unexplored, whether the
2nd WTC plane/manned-cruise-missile (made by Boeing in either case)
was intended as an "emergency
personnel bomb" (following the christian anti-abortionist bombing,
et alia model)
or whether they were just going for redundancy/extra effect.  After all,
the lameass parking lot WTC bomb a few years ago didn't do a hundredth
of the effect of
10 guys and two planes..  Orderz of Magnitude, DOOD..
-No Foxes in Aholes...

@_date: 2001-10-09 18:45:00
@_author: Tabla bin Rasa 
@_subject: Anthrax Case Number Three 
They still have to try out their chemistry skills.
No bathrooms in BART stations, now.  Terrorists won.

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:26:53
@_author: Tabla bin Rasa 
@_subject: Freedoms Curtailed In Defense Of Liberty 
Jesus Jim, this is good enough to infringe its copyright:
      WASHINGTON, DCResponding to the threats facing America's free
democratic system, White House officials called
upon Americans to stop exercising their democratic freedoms Monday.
      "In this time of national crisis, a time when our most cherished
freedoms are threatened, all Americansnot just outspoken talk-show
hosts like Bill Mahermust watch what they say," White House press
secretary Ari Fleischer told reporters. "Now more than ever, if we want
protect democracy for future generations, it is vital that nobody speak
about the issues of the day."
      "We must all do our patriotic duty to protect our country's great
ideals," Fleischer continued, "and we have to be careful about what
opinions we express if we are to defend our Constitution, a sacred
document behind which all Americans must stand united as one."
      Fleischer's sentiments echoed those of many executive-branch
officials, who, in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks, have called for
broad-based limitations on civil libertiesand urged all patriotic,
freedom-loving citizens to support those restrictionsin defense of the
American way of life.
      "We live in a land governed by plurality of opinion in an open
electorate, but we are now under siege by adherents of a
fundamentalist, totalitarian belief system that tolerates no dissent,"
Attorney General John Ashcroft said. "Our most basic
American values are threatened by an enemy opposed to everything for
which our flag stands. That is why I call upon all
Americans to submit to wiretaps, e-mail monitoring, and racial
profiling. Now is not the time to allow simplistic, romantic
notions of 'civil liberties' and 'equal protection under the law' to get
in the way of our battle with the enemies of freedom."
      In the past, Ashcroft said, efforts by federal agencies to
restrict personal freedoms were "severely hampered" by such
factors as the judicial system, the Bill Of Rights, and "government by
the people." Since the attacks, however, some such
limitations have been waived, finally giving the CIA, FBI, Pentagon, and
White House the greater powers they need to defend
      U.S. Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), who advocated permitting the CIA to
engage in various illegal activities during a recent
Tonight Show With Jay Leno appearance, stressed the importance of not
merely submitting to freedom-curtailment policies,
but also blindly agreeing with them.
      "Now is not the time for such divisive, destructive things as
dialogue and debate," McCain said. "Now is not the time for,
'My opinion is just as valid as yours,' and 'What are my country's
leaders doing and why?' and 'I have a question, Mr.
President.' Now is the time for one thing and one thing only: The
defense of the American democratic ideal. Any and all who
disagree with this directive, or who have different ideas about how it
should be accomplished, should learn to shut their
      As the U.S. prepares to mobilize forces against Afghanistan, the
military is seeking strong limitations on the press.
According to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, such a
Constitution-flouting move would not be unprecedented, citing the
suspension of habeas corpus in the Civil War and the order to round up
110,000 Japanese-Americans in detention camps
after the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
      "Remember, under the oppressive Taliban regime, people live in
constant fear of an oppressive order to which all must
submit," Rumsfeld said. "Under their system, it is illegal to practice a
different religion or support a different political system. It is
against the law for women to work or leave their homes without their
faces covered. There is no freedom of speech, press, or
assembly, as dissent of any kind is not tolerated. It is even forbidden
to smile or laugh in public, and all who fail to
unquestioningly obey are punished with reprisals of brutal violence. We
must not allow such a regime to threaten our great
democracy. We must stand for something better than that."
      "It is therefore urgent," Rumsfeld continued, "that all Americans
be quiet, stop asking questions, accept the orders of
authorities, and let us get on with the important work of defending
liberty, so that America can continue to be a beacon of
freedom to all the world."

@_date: 2001-10-10 19:32:28
@_author: Tabla bin Rasa 
@_subject: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
That you think he is not part of the con. merely indicates what a good
agent he is.
Reporter is such a perfect cover.
-His Handler In Choate Prime

@_date: 2001-10-11 18:29:35
@_author: Tabla bin Rasa 
@_subject: self medication; Why go to fliight school? 
CBS news: alcohol consumption up 30% in NY bars.
Observation: The latest in patented sleep aids (Ambien, a C-IV ie
is advertising heavily about getting back to getting enough sleep.
Complete with images of puppies sleeping in baskets.
And Pres Bush is shaking down US children for a buck.
Good thing those golden triangle opiates are getting cheaper.
                 Heard of a van that is loaded with weapons
                         packed up and ready to go
               Heard of some gravesites, out by the highway
                         a place where nobody knows
                  The sound of gunfire, off in the distance
                         I'm getting used to it now
                  Lived in a brownstone, lived in the ghetto
                         I've lived all over this town
                   This ain't no party, this ain't no disco
                         this ain't no fooling around
                     No time for dancing, or lovey dovey
                        I ain't got time for that now
                   Transmit the message, to the receiver
                        hope for an answer some day
                    I got three passports, couple of visas
                        don't even know my real name
                    High on a hillside, trucks are loading
                          everything's ready to roll
                I sleep in the daytime, I work in the nightime
                         I might not ever get home
                   This ain't no party, this ain't no disco
                         this ain't no fooling around
                   This ain't no mudd club, or C. B. G. B.
                        I ain't got time for that now
                 Heard about Houston? Heard about Detroit?
                       Heard about Pittsburgh, P. A.?
                 You oughta know not to stand by the window
                      somebody might see you up there
                  I got some groceries, some peanut butter
                           to last a couple of days
                         But I ain't got no speakers
                           ain't got no headphones
                         ain't got no records to play
                Why stay in college? Why go to fliight school?
                        Gonna be different this time?
                 Can't write a letter, can't send a postcard
                         I can't write nothing at all
                   This ain't no party, this ain't no disco
                         this ain't no fooling around
                  I'd love you hold you, I'd like to kiss you
                       I ain't got no time for that now
                Trouble in transit, got through the roadblock
                        we blended in with the crowd
                We got computers, we're tapping phone lines
                          I know that ain't allowed
              We dress like students, we dress like housewives
                            or in a suit and a tie
                  I changed my hairstyle so many times now
                         don't know what I look like!
                    You make me shiver, I feel so tender
                        we make a pretty good team
                  Don't get exhausted, I'll do some driving
                       you ought to get you some sleep
                    Get you instructions, follow directions
                    then you should change your address
                    Maybe tomorrow, maybe the next day
                         whatever you think is best
             Burned all my notebooks, what good are notebooks?
                         They won't help me survive
                   My chest is aching, burns like a furnace
                         the burning keeps me alive
                    Try to stay healthy, physical fitness
                       don't want to catch no disease
                  Try to be careful, don't take no chances
                       you better watch what you say
