
@_date: 1992-12-02 12:32:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: FAQ in sci.crypt 
Cypherpunks of Cypherspace,
I just found a new FAQ and bibliography in sci.crypt. It's by Larry
Loen and is intended as a stopgap FAQ, as sci.crypt hasn't had a good
FAQ in a while. It doesn't cover the digital cash, anonymous
remailers, crypto anarchy, etc. kinds of stuff, but it answers FAQs
about one-time pads, ciphers, RSA, etc.
Since this is a mailing list, I will not forward it. (It's 26 or so
screenfuls of VT-100 screens, which is fairly long.)
Also, I still have the "Crypto Glossary" available for forwarding to
any newcomers to this list.

@_date: 1992-12-02 21:28:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Suggest splitting things up 
Peter Shipley is one of several people suggesting this list be split
into parts. His specific idea is:
Splitting the list into "pgp development" and "digital cash" would
take care of the topics being discussed in the _last few days_, but
would do little for the various other "threads du jour" that have
occupied us: one-time pads, dongles, legal issues, key registration,
special purpose chips, etc.
Are we to form a new list each time something fails to fit into one
of the groups suggested?
I think there's a simpler split, should one be needed:
* cypherpunks-technical...writing software, details of dongles, math,
PERL, details of algorithms, PGP development, etc.
*cypherpunks-political...laws, debate, public policy, ethics of
encryption, spread of digital cash, etc.
*cypherpunks-announce....just the announcements of meetings, upcoming
events, important developments, etc.
Now splitting the list means more duplicate messages for those who
subscribe to both (when messages are cross-posted, as some will be),
more "missed" messages when one of the groups is not subscribed to
(resulting in "Can you send me the article....?" thrashing), and some
amount of additional work by the list administrator (Eric Hughes).
Given that a list bifurcation will only buy a savings of 2x in volume
for most people (and many will automatically take both lists), and
given that we all know factors of 2 don't count (:-}), I recommend
against splitting the list.
Besides, you never know what useful stuff will get posted in the group
you don't get. Anybody who chooses to stay ignorant of what the other
group is doing probably won't be able to contribute much to the group
he subscribes to.

@_date: 1992-12-04 13:23:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Sources of Crypto Information 
Cypherspace Residents,
Several people have asked about what PGP is, how RSA works, what
digital cash is all about, etc. I'll recap where and how these
questions can be answered.
1. Long term, there will be a FAQ, to be coordinated by Hugh Daniel,
who recently posted about this.
2. I posted or mentioned the following items to this list very recently:
- Crypto Glossary (which explains, albeit briefly, RSA, digital cash,
DC-Nets, PGP, etc.). This has been also been submitted for the
anonymous ftp site (at soda.berkeley.edu in pub/cypherpunks).
- Larry Loen's crypto FAQ he posted to sci.crypt recently. This was
also submitted for the  ftp site.
3. The documentation for PGP has a good discussion of the issues, how
the IDEA cipher works, etc. Read this, please, before asking the
entire list how RSA works.
4. "Cypherpunks read crypto books" is my variant of Eric's
"Cypherpunks write code." (No point in trying to write code if you
don't have any idea what you're doing.) I've described many excellent
books and articles. Almost any recent book will give you an excellent
list of other books.
5. Hal Finney and Karl Barrus have both written excellent summaries
of how digital cash works. Work through their examples! (A personal
note: I'm blissfully PERL-illiterate, but I use Mathematica on my Mac,
so Karl's examples in Mathematica overjoyed me!)
6. Several weeks ago I posted some articles on the dining
cryptographers protocol, as Hal also did. I can send these to anyone
who wasn't on the list then. (Ditto for the Crypto Glossary.)
7. Sci.crypt is worth reading, especially if you have a good
newsreader like "tin" which allows interesting threads to be quickly
identified. Hope this helps.

@_date: 1992-12-10 12:59:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tapes of Cypherpunks meeting? 
I doubt this will ever happen. Videotaping is a hassle, is even more
of a hassle when it comes to distributing the tapes, and is very
disruptive. People start mugging for the camera, or avoid speaking at
all. All in all, a bad idea.

@_date: 1992-12-12 09:50:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) EFFector Online 4.00 
Organization: Netcom - Online Communication Services  (408 241-9760 guest) Here's the latest EFFector Online, which happens to have stuff about two of
us, John Gilmore and me, and which mentions Tom Jennings! No
mention of our little group, yet, but I expect we can't hide for long.
--Tim May
Originator: rita at eff.org
Keywords: crypto, nsa, pioneer wards
Organization: Electronic Frontier Foundation
   |
   |         GILMORE VS. THE NSA
                     |
         |
         |   THE CRYPTO ANARCHIST MANIFESTO
                     |
               |  2nd PIONEER AWARDS DEADLINE LOOMS
               |
EFFector Online           December 11, 1992               Issue  4.00
           A Publication of the Electronic Frontier Foundation
                            ISSN 1062-9424
                      ACCESSING THE NSA
 JOHN GILMORE FILES SUIT WITH THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
At the beginning of July 1992, John Gilmore filed a FOIA request
with NSA asking for access to parts of cryptologic treatises
written by NSA personnel:  Military Cryptanalysis, Parts III
and IV, by William Friedman (WF-3/4); and Military
Cryptanalytics, Parts III-VI, by William Friedman and
Lambros Callimahos (LC3-6).
Parts I and II of each of these treatises had already been
declassified and published.  At the time of the request, it
was not definitely known whether the parts requested by
Gilmore had been re-classified.    Under the FOIA, agencies are required to communicate
responses to requesters within statutorily prescribed time
periods.  Failure to comply with the time limits for response
constitutes a denial of the request, giving the requester the
right to appeal.
When NSA violated the first applicable time period,
Gilmore filed an administrative appeal with the NSA's FOIA
appeals authority.  There is also a time limit for response
to such appeals.  After this time limit passed without a
response from the NSA's appeals authority, Gilmore filed
a complaint in federal court in the Northern District of
California on Sept. 4, 1992, as permitted by the FOIA.
Gilmore's complaint alleged three claims:  First, that the
NSA improperly withheld these documents from him, and
had no legal basis for withholding; second, that the NSA's
failure to comply with the FOIA time limits constituted a
form of improper withholding; and third, that the NSA in
general engages in an illegal pattern or practice of routinely
violating the FOIA time limits, which should be declared
illegal and enjoined.
In the period between the initial FOIA request to NSA, and
the filing of the complaint in federal court, Gilmore obtained
copies of two of the withheld documents:  Military
Cryptanalysis Parts III and IV, by Friedman.  These copies
were discovered in libraries accessible to the general
public and were provided by these libraries without any
kind of restriction.  Gilmore intended to get expert opinion
on the national security risk posed by disclosure of these
documents.  He also reasoned that their very availability
in such libraries demonstrated that there could be no legal
basis for withholding them from a FOIA requester.
At the time the documents were obtained, Gilmore had not
received any indication from NSA that the documents were
classified.  It was therefore possible that the documents
were not, in fact, classified.  In addition, FOIA requests for
documents generally trigger agency declassification review.
Thus, even if the documents were in fact classified at the
time of the request, it was possible that NSA would decide
that they should no longer be classified, and release them
to Gilmore.
After the complaint was filed, Gilmore not only served the
complaint upon NSA, he also served a number of discovery
requests upon NSA, seeking to discover information about
both the history of these documents and about NSA's FOIA
processing procedures.
In early October, after NSA had received the complaint and
the discovery requests, NSA finally sent its responses to
the FOIA request.  NSA informed Gilmore that the documents
were not going to be released to him.  NSA said that it had
located WF-3/4 and LC-3, but that LC-4/5/6 had never been
completed because of the death of Lambros Callimahos.
First, NSA asserted that the three documents which did
exist were classified.  WF-3/4 were classified CONFIDENTIAL,
the lowest level of classification under Executive Order
12,356 governing classified information.  LC-3 was
classified SECRET, the middle level of classification.
Under the FOIA, an agency may withhold documents if they
are properly classified for reasons of national security.
Second, NSA asserted that the documents could also be
withheld under a different exemption in the FOIA.  Under the
(b)(3) exemption, documents may be withheld if there exists
a statute which authorizes an agency to withhold them.  NSA
pointed to several statutes which arguably covered this
material.  One of these statutes, 18 U.S.C. Section 798,
makes it a federal crime knowingly to disclose classified cryptologic or communications intelligence information to
unauthorized persons.
At this point, it became clear to Gilmore that there was a
problem.  He now knew for a fact that the documents he had
were classified (WF-3/4) and that it would be a crime for
him to disseminate them.  He could no longer continue with
his plan of showing them to other persons for fear of
criminal prosecution.  He also feared that should NSA ever
discover that he possessed them, he would be subjected to
search and seizure and the copies confiscated.  (Note that
although the First Amendment Privacy Protection Act
generally protects the press against search and seizure
for materials intended for publication where the crime
involves mere possession or dissemination of information,
it does not apply to any materials covered by the espionage
statutes, of which 18 U.S.C. Section 798 is one.)
NSA did not, however, know that he had them.  Gilmore
decided that the best course of action was to submit copies
of WF-3/4 to the federal district court under seal.  By so
doing, he would ensure that at least these copies would be
kept out of the NSA's hands, since it was unlikely that a federal
judge would relinquish possession of documents material to
pending litigation.  Thus, on November 12, Gilmore made an
ex parte application to file these documents under seal with
Judge Thelton Henderson, the federal judge hearing his case.
Gilmore also concurrently filed a motion for leave to amend
his original complaint in order to address the constitutional
and other issues arising from his possession of the documents
and the criminality of disseminating documents found in
libraries open to the general public.
It is important to realize that the criminal statute at issue
here does not recognize improper classification as a defense.
Under existing law, the government need only show that the
documents were classified by the government, and that they
are cryptologic- or communications-intelligence-related.  It
remains unclear precisely what the specific requirement
under the statute is, i.e., whether "knowingly" means actual
knowledge of classification, or merely some reason to know.
(That same day, NSA filed two motions of its own:
a motion for a protective order blocking Gilmore's discovery requests, and a motion for summary judgment asking the
court to dispose of the case on the ground that NSA was
entitled to judgment as a matter of law.  In support of its
summary judgment motion, NSA filed a sworn declaration
by Michael Smith, Chief of Policy, explaining why the
documents should be withheld, and why NSA's FOIA
processing procedures were not illegal.)
NSA was served with papers indicating that WF-3/4 had been
received by the district court.  This was the first time that
NSA knew that Gilmore possessed the documents.  They
reacted strongly.  John Martin, the Justice Department lawyer
representing NSA, asked that Gilmore surrender his copies to
NSA, saying that NSA was very upset and might send its own
agents or FBI agents to get the copies from Gilmore.  He also
wanted to know where Gilmore got them.  Martin also suggested
that Gilmore might be criminally liable under the espionage
statutes relating to possession of national defense information.
NSA regained its composure the next day, realizing that it
did not know exactly what Gilmore had.  Although NSA had
been served with papers indicating what Gilmore had done,
Gilmore had not sent them copies of the documents.  Thus
they could not know for sure whether the documents he had
were the ones they considered classified.  Gilmore agreed to
send copies of his copies to NSA for their review, after
which NSA would decide what to do.
During this period, tension was high.  Gilmore considered
filing an ex parte motion for a temporary restraining order
against NSA and the U.S. Attorney General to prevent them
from both moving against him personally and against any
copies of the documents presently on library shelves.  This
motion was drafted but never filed.
On the day before Thanksgiving, NSA announced that WF-3/4
would be declassified, and effectively renounced any claim
that it could withhold them from the public.  NSA gave no
official reason for its action.
NSA is currently reviewing the third document, LC-3, to
see how much of it can be released now that WF-3/4 have
been declassified.  (NSA had asserted in its summary judgment
papers that LC-3 was based on WF-3/4.)  NSA's review is to
be completed by January 15, 1993, at which time it will
release an edited version of LC-3 to Gilmore.
It is anticipated that this edited version of LC-3 will be
analyzed by Gilmore and his experts, and that Gilmore and
NSA will engage in settlement negotiations to determine
whether NSA has satisfied Gilmore's request.  The
settlement discussions will also include Gilmore's claims
regarding NSA's FOIA processing procedures.
The parties have stipulated that if no settlement is reached
the litigation will proceed.  A status conference has been
set for February 9.  NSA will, if necessary, file an amended
motion for summary judgment by February 12.  Following
opposition and reply briefs, the hearing on all motions will
take place on March 22.
[John Gilmore is a member of the EFF Board of Directors. He can
reached as gnu at cygnus.com.  Gilmore's lawyer, Lee Tien, can
be reached as tien at toad.com.]
                  -==--==--==-<>-==--==--==-
                THE CRYPTO ANARCHIST MANIFESTO
                              by
                        Timothy C. May
                      (tcmay at netcom.com)
A specter is haunting the modern world, the specter of crypto anarchy. Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for individuals and groups to communicate and interact with each other in a totally anonymous manner. Two persons may exchange messages, conduct business, and negotiate electronic contracts without ever knowing the True Name, or legal identity, of the other. Interactions over networks will be untraceable, via extensive re-
routing of encrypted packets and tamper-proof boxes which implement cryptographic protocols with nearly perfect assurance against any tampering. Reputations will be of central importance, far more important in dealings than even the credit ratings of today. These developments will alter completely the nature of government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic interactions, the ability to keep information secret, and will even alter the nature of trust and reputation.
The technology for this revolution--and it surely will be both a social and economic revolution--has existed in theory for the past decade. The methods are based upon public-key encryption, zero-knowledge interactive proof systems, and various software protocols for interaction, authentication, and verification. The focus has until now been on academic conferences in Europe and the U.S., conferences monitored closely by the National Security Agency. But only recently have computer networks and  personal computers attained sufficient speed to make the ideas practically realizable. And the next ten years will bring enough additional speed to make the ideas economically feasible and essentially unstoppable. High-speed networks, ISDN, tamper-proof boxes, smart cards, satellites,  Ku-band transmitters, multi-MIPS personal computers, and encryption chips now under development will be some of the enabling technologies. The State will of course try to slow or halt the spread of this technology, citing national security concerns, use of the technology by drug dealers and tax evaders, and fears of societal disintegration. Many of these concerns will be valid; crypto anarchy will allow national secrets to be traded freely and will allow illicit and stolen materials to be traded. An anonymous computerized market will even make possible abhorrent markets for assassinations and extortion. Various criminal and foreign elements will be active users of CryptoNet. But this will not halt the spread of crypto anarchy.
Just as the technology of printing altered and reduced the power of medieval guilds and the social power structure, so too will cryptologic methods fundamentally alter the nature of corporations and of government interference in economic transactions. Combined with emerging information markets, crypto anarchy will create a liquid market for any and all material which can be put into words and pictures. And just as a seemingly minor invention like barbed wire made possible the fencing-off of vast ranches and farms, thus altering forever the concepts of land and property rights in the frontier West, so too will the seemingly minor discovery out of an arcane branch of mathematics come to be the wire clippers which dismantle the barbed wire around intellectual property.
Arise, you have nothing to lose but your barbed wire fences!
                   -==--==--==-<>-==--==--==-
Newsgroups: comp.dcom.telecom
Apropos of all the talk on FBI wiretapping, cellular eavesdropping,
etc., I found this passage in "Old Wires and New Waves"; Alvin F.
Harlow; 1936.  He's writing about unscrupulous telegraph operators in
the early days.  They would use information in telegrams for personal
gain, or delay messages or news for personal gain, or sell news
reports to non-subscribers of the press association.
    "Pennsylvania passed a law in 1851, making telegrams secret,
    to prevent betrayal of private affairs by operators.  When,
    therefore, an operator was called into court in Philadelphia
    a little later, and ordered to produce certain telegrams which
    would prove an act of fraud, he refused to do so, saying that
    the state law forbade it.  The circuit court, shocked at this
    development, proceeded to override the law, saying:
       It must be apparent that, if we adopt this construction
       of the law, the telegraph may be used with the most
       absolute security for purposes destructive to the
       well-being of society - a state of things rendering
       its absolute usefulness at least questionable.  The
       correspondence of the traitor, the murderer, the robber
       and the swindler, by means of which their crimes and
       frauds could be the more readily accomplished and
       their detection and punishment avoided, would become
       things so sacred that they never could be accessible to
       the public justice, however deep might be the public interest
       involved in their production.
    The judge therefore ordered the operator to produce the telegrams."
                   -==--==--==-<>-==--==--==-
         THE SECOND ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL EFF PIONEER AWARDS:
                       CALL FOR NOMINATIONS
                     Deadline: December 31,1992
In every field of human endeavor,there are those dedicated to expanding
knowledge,freedom,efficiency and utility. Along the electronic frontier,
this is especially true. To recognize this,the Electronic Frontier
Foundation has established the Pioneer Awards for deserving individuals
and organizations.
The Pioneer Awards are international and nominations are open to all.
In March of 1992, the first EFF Pioneer Awards were given in Washington
D.C. The winners were: Douglas C. Engelbart of Fremont, California;
Robert Kahn of Reston, Virginia; Jim Warren of Woodside, California; Tom
Jennings of San Francisco, California; and Andrzej Smereczynski of
Warsaw, Poland.
The Second Annual Pioneer Awards will be given in San Francisco,
California at the 3rd Conference on Computers, Freedom, and Privacy
in March of 1993.
All valid nominations will be reviewed by a panel of impartial judges
chosen for their knowledge of computer-based communications and the
technical, legal, and social issues involved in networking.
There are no specific categories for the Pioneer Awards, but the
following guidelines apply:
   1) The nominees must have made a substantial contribution to the
      health, growth, accessibility, or freedom of computer-based
      communications.
   2) The contribution may be technical, social, economic or cultural.
   3) Nominations may be of individuals, systems, or organizations in
      the private or public sectors.
   4) Nominations are open to all, and you may nominate more than one
      recipient. You may nominate yourself or your organization.
   5) All nominations, to be valid, must contain your reasons, however
      brief, on why you are nominating the individual or organization,
      along with a means of contacting the nominee, and your own contact
      number. No anonymous nominations will be allowed.
   6) Every person or organization, with the single exception of EFF
      staff members, are eligible for Pioneer Awards.
   7) Persons or representatives of organizations receiving a Pioneer
      Award will be invited to attend the ceremony at the Foundation's
      expense.
You may nominate as many as you wish, but please use one form per
nomination. You may return the forms to us via email to
             pioneer at eff.org
You may mail them to us at:
             Pioneer Awards, EFF,
             155 Second Street
             Cambridge MA 02141.
You may FAX them to us at:
             +1 617 864 0866
Just tell us the name of the nominee, the phone number or email address
at which the nominee can be reached, and, most important, why you feel
the nominee deserves the award.  You may attach supporting
documentation.  Please include your own name, address, and phone number.
We're looking for the Pioneers of the Electronic Frontier that have made
and are making a difference. Thanks for helping us find them,
The Electronic Frontier Foundation
        -------EFF Pioneer Awards Nomination Form------
Please return to the Electronic Frontier Foundation
via email to:       pioneer at eff.org
via surface mail to EFF 155 Second Street, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA;
via FAX to +1 617 864 0866
Contact number or email address:
Reason for nomination:
Your name and contact information:
Extra documentation attached:
DEADLINE: ALL NOMINATIONS MUST BE RECEIVE BY THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER
FOUNDATION BY MIDNIGHT, EASTERN STANDARD TIME U.S., DECEMBER 31,1992.
                   -==--==--==-<>-==--==--==-
         MEMBERSHIP IN THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
If you support our goals and our work, you can show that support by
becoming a member now. Members receive our bi-weekly electronic
newsletter, EFFector Online, the  newsletter
and special releases and other notices on our activities.  But because
we believe that support should be freely given, you can receive these
things even if you do not elect to become a member.
Our memberships are $20.00 per year for students, $40.00 per year for
regular members.  You may, of course, donate more if you wish.
Our privacy policy: The Electronic Frontier Foundation will never, under
any circumstances, sell any part of its membership list.  We will, from
time to time, share this list with other non-profit organizations whose
work we determine to be in line with our goals. If you do not grant
explicit permission, we assume that you do not wish your membership
disclosed to any group for any reason.
---------------- EFF MEMBERSHIP FORM ---------------
Mail to: The Electronic Frontier Foundation, Inc.
    155 Second St.     Cambridge, MA 02141
I wish to become a member of the EFF  I enclose:$__________
    $20.00 (student or low income membership)
    $40.00 (regular membership)
    $100.00(Corporate or company membership.
    This allows any organization to
    become a member of EFF. It allows
    such an organization, if it wishes
    to designate up to five individuals
    within the organization as members.)
    I enclose an additional donation of $
City or Town:
State:     Zip:    Phone:(    )     (optional)
FAX:(    )    (optional)
Email address:
I enclose a check [  ]   .
Please charge my membership in the amount of $
to my Mastercard [  ]     Visa [  ]    American Express [ ]
Expiration date:
I hereby grant permission to the EFF to share my name with
other non-profit groups from time to time as it deems
appropriate   [  ]  .
      Initials:
Your membership/donation is fully tax deductible.
     EFFector Online is published by
     The Electronic Frontier Foundation
     155 Second Street, Cambridge MA 02141
     Phone: +1 617 864 0665 FAX: +1 617 864 0866
     Internet Address: eff at eff.org
 Reproduction of this publication in electronic media is encouraged.
 Signed articles do not necessarily represent the view of the EFF.
 To reproduce signed articles individually, please contact the authors
 for their express permission.
     This newsletter is printed on 100% recycled electrons.

@_date: 1992-12-13 18:29:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Random numbers (and big primes, too!) 
Announcing a New Service: "Primes 'r Us"
Your full-service crypto dealer.
-specializing in selling large primes to those gullible enough to use
-discounts for really big primes!
-we can sell you random numbers, too...and we promise not to tell what
you bought!
Now you can be spared the hassle of generating primes for your RSA
algorithms. Now you can let "someone else do the driving."
Better yet, Primes 'r Us can handle all your cryptographic
needs...we'll generate your primes, computer your keys, and supply
your random numbers!

@_date: 1992-12-13 22:51:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A minor experimental result 
One of the purposes of setting up remailers is to experiment with
them, see what kind of emergent behavior appears, see what kind of
flaws and obstacles arise, see how they break, etc.
Here's one: the compromise of my "anonymity" by one of the folks
running a remailer. (Who and where don't matter, just the phenomenon
I used a single bounce without any encryption to send a message and
got a query from the owner of the remailer saying "I couldn't help
looking through my remailer archives and noticing...." and requesting
more information from me!!
Hoist by my own petard!
Several lessons:
* Multiple bounces help, even without encryption, as then the remailer
sysop can't be sure who originated the message.
* Encryption is of course even more desirable, though a hassle
(especially for Mac users).
* Remailer sysops should make a point to _not_ look at their remailer
archives. In fact, they should discard them immediately (for their own
legal protection, and for slightly greater trust amongst users, though
this is a hazy area...).
(Recall that the "mix" on which our software-based remailers are
loosely patterned are "memoryless," i.e., the tamper-resistant modules
that implement the receive-decrypt-store-forward protocol have no
memory of the mapping between incoming and outgoing messages. In
fact, the outside world cannot possibly compromise the protocols to get
at this information.)  So, my laziness in using only a single bounce, combined with the
curiosity of a remailer sysop, breaks the anonymity.
Neither surprising nor profound, but I thought you folks would like to know.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409 | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP Public Key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1992-12-17 11:04:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TEMPEST not restricted 
Yanek Martinson makes some very good points about the legality of
Thanks, Yanek!
And could I suggest to all of us that we be very careful in the
language we use when disagreeing with others? "Treason's" demand that
Perry now "SHUT UP" is intemperate and counterproductive.
Our list is not moderated, that is, there is no censor or moderator
holding people back when they feel the temptation to spew bile all
over the list. With hundred of folks now on this list, great care must
be taken.
Sorry to waste list bandwidth on this point of list etiquette.

@_date: 1992-12-17 16:23:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Faraday Cages 
The usual, and cheaper, approach is to shield a computer or
workstation. This is the approach discussed in the last several days
Shielding a room is common is certain applications, such as at NSA
(where the entire windowless building is so shielded), in component
testing labs, and so on. Such rooms are called Faraday cages.
It so happens that in 1972 I worked inside such a Faraday cage (in the
labs at UCSB of then-young Paul Hansma, now famous in the nanotech
community for his AFM imaging of cells and other biological
materials). The shield consisted of copper screen mesh
(fine-pitch...perhaps .5 mm gaps) mounted on a wooden frame, with 2
layers and an air gap between them. Attenuation depends on frequency, of course, and a wire mesh screen
lets through some frequencies (light, for example!). How many dbs of
attenuation at "frequencies of interest" depends on a lot of factors.
Extremely high frequency signals, becoming more common in computers as
processor speeds exceed 50 MHz, are very hard to shield, due to the
short wavelengths.
I suspect if the boys in the antenna-equipped vans are parked outside
your home, nearly any leakage is too much. But there are cheaper ways
for your secrets to be learned. In other words, there are more
pressing concerns.
I would estimate that shielding an entire room would be expensive,
perhaps costing $5K or more ot do a good job. Building a smaller
room-within-a-room might cost a little less.
Listening to a radio is one very crude way of monitoring your own
RF emissions, if you don't have access to specialized gear.
Using a laptop helps. (I have an old GRiD Compass, with plasma
display, bubble memory, and a black magnesium case...it is definitely
less RF-noisy than my PowerBook, and a lot less noisy than my IIci.)
(Perhaps Phil Karn can comment on strategies)
BTW, we've talked about setting up our own "van Eyck radiation"
systems to see just how easy it is to monitor computers. There is a
legend, possibly urban, that the NSA did indeed try to block
publication of papers on the "van Eyck" effect. This fits part of what
"Treason" was saying, though not all of it. (And there is no law
saying you can't try to shield your computers, or speak in a low
voice, for that matter.)

@_date: 1992-12-17 16:36:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Need for Positive Repuations 
Tai (UFLTAI at MEMSTVX1.bitnet) asks about how best to stop people from
generating many, many digital pseuodonyms, thus evading filtering by
"Kill" files. Lots of issues here.
The longterm solution is to use "positive reputations" and not just
"negative reputations" (as in Kill files). This is something Dean
Tribble just talked about at our last physical meeting of the
Cypherpunks ("Bay Area Branch" :-} ).
Think of like a credit rating. People _earn_ trust, they don't just
get assigned a credit rating until they do something bad. Positive reputation filtering will still allow digital pseudonyms, but
a reputation will be attached and will be important. Read Vinge's
"True Names" for some insights on this.

@_date: 1992-12-18 15:55:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Need for Positive Repuations 
Exactly! "Ender's Game," by Orson Scott Card, and "True Names," by
Vernor Vinge, are the two books I've been recommending since I coined
the term "crypto anarchy" in 1987. I held these books up in a couple
of talks I gave at BayCon (SF convention) and the Hackers Conference
and said "Read these books!"
A couple of folks have said that newcomers will never be listened to,
will never "get in" to positive reputation systems. This simply isn't
true, even with today's "manual" reputation management systems. On the
two main lists I subscribe to, this list and the Extropians list (send
request to Extropians-request at gnu.ai,mit.edu if interested in future
stuff, anarchocapitalism, nanotech, cryonics, etc....about a dozen
folks on this list are also on Extropians, I would guess), newcomers
start making posts and gradually the list gets to know their name,
what to expect of them, etc. This is their "rep." Serious flamers or
abusers see their rep torn down.
(A list I just joined is the Pynchon list...actually, one of them saw
my "W.A.S.T.E. line in my .sig and _invited_ me to join. As a newcomer
to that list, I have no reputation. What I say and how reasonably I
say it will establish my rep. This is as it should be.)
If people want to see the posts and comments of newcomers, even those
without extensive history on the list or glowing reps, then they will
likely set their "agents" to allow the new stuff through. Lots of
variations are possible and will be tried.
Think about positive reputations and you'll see them in action all
around you...where you shop, what you read, who you associate with,
etc. The Net will ultimately be no different.
--Tim May

@_date: 1992-11-03 11:16:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Update on Crypto Session at Hackers 
Here's the semi-final information on the Crypto Session at Hackers
this coming weekend:
(Note: These inputs and volunteered talks came in over the past
several days. There may be some changes of course. I'd like to see us
get together---anybody who is reading this message---on FRIDAY NIGHT,
in the refreshment room at MIDNIGHT, so we can plan, make any schedule
changes, etc. This is of course up to you folks. I'll post a message
somewhere prominent reminding you and listing time and location, if
different from above.)
* Time: Saturday afternoon, probably 3:00--4:30 (check the schedule!)
        (in an earlier update I mistakenly said we had only an hour)
* Format: 7-10 minute talks by 4-5 people, followed by open
discussion, questions, debate, etc.
* Schedule: - Opening comments, groundrules, settling down, etc. (5-10 min), Tim
May  (I'll point people to a glossary posted on the wall and ask them
not to interrupt the speakers with questions about the basics of
crypto, such as whether DES has a trapdoor, etc.)
- PGP, Fidonet, and Mail....Tom Jennings
- Diffie-Hellman key exchange for rlogin, etc....John Gilmore
- Anonymous remailers and DC-Nets....Eric Hughes
- Digital time-stamping....either Stu Haber or W. Scott Stornetta
- Open discussion, debate, etc. (45 minutes)
I'll be the moderator, to keep folks to their time allotment.
* If you have "poster" material, please bring it
* We can also suggest that the discussion be continued later that
evening, in one of the ad hoc sessions around midnight. Maybe some new
topics can be be planned for a late night session.
* Eric Hughes has suggested we stamp our badges with my red "CRYPTO"
stamp, so that we can know ourselves (sort of a crypto oxymoron, eh?).
See me and I'll stamp you, if you wish.
Thanks for all of your excellent suggestions. I think this could be
one of the best sessions at Hackers.
--Tim May,  408-688-5409

@_date: 1992-11-11 00:58:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Hackers Conference Report 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
Here's a trip report I just sent to another mailing list I'm active
on, the "Extropians" list. That's why I "introduce" Tom Jennings, John
Gilmore, and Eric Hughes...clearly they need no introduction to
readers of _this_ list (although a lot of new folks have signed up
recently, I hear).
By the way, I just picked up the latest "Mondo 2000." Our own Jude
Milhon's article, "The Cypherpunk Movement," is on pp. 36-37 (Issue
 The address "cypherpunks at toad.com" is mentioned, so we may get
even more new folks. Also some good stuff on MindVOX, phreaking, etc.
HACKERS CONFERENCE REPORT
I just returned from Hackers 8.0, held 6-8 November in Lake Tahoe,
California. Approximately 170 attendees this year.
Some Highlights:
* Our crypto session went extremely well. The talks were on PGP and
FidoNet, Diffie-Hellman key exchange for rlogin, digital
time-stamping, and anonymous remailers. More comments later.
* Mike Godwin of the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) spoke on the
developing conflict between personal privacy and law enforcement,
including comments on the "key registration" trial balloon I posted
about earlier. (Godwin told me he believes the Denning proposal is
deadly serious, that the Department of Justice has put a high priority
on limiting the use of cryptography.)
* Hacking was well represented. Besides our crypto panel, sessions on
cellular phone phreaking and illegal mods to telecom equipment drew
large crowds (a "how to" talk on reprogramming the 8051 micro in the
Oki 900 cellphone was especially useful).
* Eric Drexler gave a talk on nanotechnology (surprise!), with an
emphasis on needed work in the next couple of years. Drexler argued
that proto-assemblers could be built in as short as 16 years, though
there was some skepticism expressed. He also presented a calculation
that the "cost" of delaying nanotech is $25 billion a _day_. (I
suggested we all skip dinner that night and instead put in another
hour in the labs!)
* Marvin Minsky answered questions, saying he rarely prepares in
advance. AI, robotics, gene expression in embryos, and software were
all covered.
* Allan Huang of AT&T gave an energetic 90 minute talk on optical
computing, going from optical deconvolvers to "computer origami" to
optical switches to Sagnac fibers that can store light pulses 6
femtoseconds long! Definitely the most stimulating talk.
* Demos in the machine room were better than ever. The "Reality
Engine" from Silicon Graphics displayed photorealistic simulations.
Lots of Suns, NeXTs, and Macs. Films of SIGGRAPH papers, chaos and
fractals, and artificial life were shown at night. Rudy Rucker's
session on cellular automata went well.
MORE ON CRYPTO
Since cryptology and the activities of the "cypherpunks" mailing list
are of central concern to me, I'll concentrate on those topics.
Our panel was in "prime time," mid-Saturday afternoon, with about 100
in attendance, including a couple of journalists (notably John Markoff
of the "New York Times"...if anybody sees an article on this by him,
please send me a note about it, OK?). The audience had been prepped
for crypto by the comments Friday night by Mike Godwin of the EFF and
by a 3 hour rump session on "Digital Cash" from 1 a.m. to 4 a.m on
Saturday (remember "hacker hours").
Tom Jennings, one of the chief forces behind FidoNet, an "anarchic"
net made up of PCs talking to other PCs, spoke on efforts to spread
PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) to as many FidoNet users as possible. It
looks like its happening and this will be another avenue to ensure
that the "crypto genie" gets safely out of the bottle.
John Gilmore, an early UNIX/Sun pioneer and current principal at
Cygnus Support, amongst other things, spoke on increasing security
against Internet eavesdroppers by using the Diffie-Hellman key
exchange protocol for rlogin (for example). This is something we can
do fairly soon.
Stu Haber and Scott Stornetta of Bellcore (formerly part of Bell Labs)
reported on their digital time-stamping system. Some document to be
"notarized" is hashed to produce a fairly short number which is hard
to forge (i.e., it is very hard to find another document which hashes
to the same value). This hash value is then published in, say, a
widely read newspaper. If a dispute arises about the time a document
was written, the published has value is persuasive. Bellcore actually
operates such a service (check the legal notices in the Sunday "New
York Times").
Eric Hughes, a mathematician who worked briefly for David Chaum's
"DigiCash" outfit, described anonymous remailers implemented in Perl
and now running. He also mentioned Hal Finney's version which embeds
PGP in the remailer, allowing more security. This generated a lot of
excitement, as the ideas of "crypto anarchy" became apparent to all.
(John Little, owner and operator of the "Portal Communications
Company," a Bay Area-based Internet access service, got excited and
offered to run the remailers on his system! The genie is further out
of the bottle. Now if we can only get GEnie to do the same!)
The spirit of contributing to the larger cause of using crypto to
_directly_ protect privacy was exhilarating. More people spoke of
actual code they plan to write (as with Russell Whittaker's offer a
few weeks ago to help with ProComm mods). There was a real sense that Things Had Changed. With PGP 2.0 arriving
a few months ago (and still spreading), with the onset of the
"Cypherpunks" group (which got a somehat cryptic write-up by Jude
Milhon in the just-published Issue  of "Mondo 2000"...but since she
coined the term "cypherpunks" to describe us, her article can afford
to be cryptic, no?), and with the "Hacker Crackdown" all around us
(Sun Devil, Legion of Doom, S.266 attempt to ban encryption, FBI's
"Digital Telephony Bill," and the latest "trial balloon" to register
keys), the time is right.
In the next several months I expect the media, via more articles in
magazines like "Mondo 2000" and by articles on crypto policy, to focus
in on this issue. Even the "Village Voice" is interested in crypto issues
(theme: crypto privacy vs. Big Brother).
These are exciting times. If I'm ever busted for sedition, money
laundering conspiracy, violation of the Munitions Act, RICO Act
violations, or just plain old political incorrectness, carry on the
fight. The stakes are high.
Timothy C. May | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409 | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP Public Key: awaiting Macintosh version.

@_date: 1992-11-11 09:25:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Random number generators 
Eric Hughes comments and then Perry Metzger responds:
Perry is correct. Getting 10K or more bits per second from a
radioactive soure usually means it is close enough/strong enough to
"drift" the device to the point of radiation-induced permanent failure
in a matter of weeks or months (if not much sooner, but this is all so
dependent on exact calculations and lab experiments).
Tony Patti, editor of a small crypto journal and frequent commentator
on sci.crypt, is one of several folks who've designed thermal
noise-based RNGs. He's selling them, as I recall. I would _strongly_
advise anyone who's contemplating building and selling such a gizmo to
first see what the market has produced and whether or not it's
selling, etc.
A minor note: the bias between 0s and 1s (unequal distribution, for
example) is easily handled by considering pairs of numbers, with a "0
1" being called a "0" and a "1 0" being called a "1."

@_date: 1992-11-11 11:14:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) A Silver Bullet to Limit Crypto? 
Cypherpunks of the World,
Here's a new analysis of the key registration proposal I just posted
to a couple of groups.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.privacy,comp.org.eff.talk
Key Registration as a "Silver Bullet" to Limit Crypto Use
Two weeks ago, and more than 500 related messages ago, I posted the
"Trial Balloon to Ban Encryption?" message, alerting sci.crypt and
other newsgroups to the Dorothy Denning "trial balloon." Prof. Denning
has continued the balloon metaphor, calling her first proposal a "lead
balloon" and her improved, law-enforcement-friendly version a "copper
balloon." Others have called it a "uranium balloon," i.e., it's worse
than the lead balloon.
In reading the hundreds of comments about ways to bypass the Denning
proposal, about the many clever schemes to avoid detection, I came to
some realizations about the likely reason for key registration. Also,
at the recent Hackers Conference in Lake Tahoe, lots of interesting
points came up (crypto, PGP, anonymous remailers, digital cash,
privacy, and the "Crypto Crackdown," to borrow Bruce Sterling's title
of "The Hacker Crackdown," were hot topics). Mike Godwin of the EFF,
who may be reading this in comp.org.eff.talk, spoke on such
policies...he told us this kind of crackdown on crypto tools is a
priority of several government agencies and that the issue will not go
away with the new administration.
But why scheme to register keys, by whatever means, if the system is
so easily thwarted and bypassed? Neither Prof. Denning nor her
colleagues, both in and out of the NSA and FBI, are dummies.
The "silver balloon," or silver bullet, is this:
* a formal key registration system will directly affect and limit use
of the _most important_ part of public key systems: the ability to use
public key directories (like phone books) rather than set up all
communications on a one-to-one basis (as private key systems require,
for key exchange, and as many of the key registration bypasses
implicitly or explicitly require).
* enforcement, at least for publicly announced P-K keys, can be by
insisting that a special message ("This is J. Random User.") be signed
with one's registered/deposited key and then verified with the public
key to ensure the same private key-public key pair is used. (Yes,
there are still bypasses and clevernesses to spoof these systems, but
most "publicly visible" use of P-K methods, the main raison d'etre for
public keys, will be affected and effectively controlled.) Keys can
and will be registered under this proposal, but many people will
simply not bother with the hassle and just won't use P-K methods (thus
making the monitoring job easier).
* bypassing the key registration laws by "going underground" is always
possible, but for this purpose one can already use one-time pads, pack
message bits into the least significant bits of digital recordings and
images, and generally do all sorts of other devious things. The key
point is that the wide use of public key methods is reduced, which may
be the real motivation.
* reducing the wide use of crypto technology by the masses allows the
monitoring agencies a slightly easier job in monitoring those who
_are_ using crypto. One can imagine exactly the same arguments for
restricting or registering voice scramblers for phone use: by
requiring registration, fees, etc., many users will simply not bother
to use scrambling (and there may be related to spread the idea that
anyone using scrambling--or crypto in general--is somehow suspect,
must have something to hide, etc.
* the key registration ideas discussed so far severely limit use of
crypto protocols that _dynamically_ generate lots of public keys.
Cryptographic voting, most forms of digital cash, anonymous remailers,
and several other exciting uses all tend to generate a lot of keys "on
the fly." Are all of these to be registered? How? For how much money
per registration? And how long will it take? Weeks?
Instead of concentrating on how these kinds of uses, mentioned by many
people, effectively make the Denning/Rivest/Micali proposals
unworkable, we should look instead at how these proposals may _in
fact_ be aimed at limiting the explosive use of crypto for these new
applications. A government afraid of digital cash, of anonymous
remailing networks, of information markets in technologies, and of
lots of other interesting uses, may see key registration as a way to
contain this explosion.
Even if the private keys kept at the "trusted key authority" were
_never_ looked at by court order or otherwise, the key registration
act itself would place severe limits on the use of modern
cryptographic protocols for novel uses and for wide use by the public.
In this sense, the key registration idea may be a silver bullet, or
balloon, to head off these uses. A chilling effect (the "liquid
nitrogen balloon"?).
Any thoughts on this view?

@_date: 1992-11-12 16:21:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Crypto Singularity 
We appear to be entering the long-awaited "Crypto Singularity." (Well,
long-awaited by me at least!) A "singularity" in the sense of
extremely rapid changes in outlook, technology, and culture. (The use
comes from Vernor Vinge's science fictional "singularity" in new
technologies, as described in "Marooned in Realtime," and appropriated
for their own purposes by the nanotechnology enthusiasts.)
Some evidence for this "Crypto Singularity":
* the appearance of fully-encrypted remailers, using the Perl scripts
of Eric Hughes and Hal Finney. With several more such remailing sites
(and recall John Little's offer to place the s/w on Portal), a
critical mass of remailers may exist. (A packet remailed through 10
remailers, each storing 10 such encrypted packets before remailing,
has an intrinsic diffusivity of 10^10. Of course, there will be far
fewer than 10 billion messages, but the point is clear that the origin
of a message is effectively untraceable.) * the spread of PGP, onto Internet sites, FidoNet, and hacker boards,
IRCs, and the like. (I expect the adoption of PGP by the phone
hacker/phreaker community--the community so far the main target of
formal charges, as in the Legion of Doom, Len Rose, and Sun Devil
cases--is setting off alarms in the law enforcement community.)
* the "Hacker Crackdown" spreading to "2600" (will Cyperpunks be next?
Will the 150-200 of us get raided?) and mere _meetings_ of hacker
* the incredible excitement over these topics at the Hackers
Conference, with the sense that these are no longer just abstract
* the interest by several journalists in covering these matters (more
on this if things develop).
* articles in "Scientific American" just in the past
months...David Chaum's work on digital cash, and quantum cryptography.
* the firestorm of comments (over 500) about the proposal to register
cryptographic keys. All of these point to an accelerating situation. Things may get very
interesting and very sticky in the next several months, which is quite
a bit faster than I'd expected.
Justice and the FBI may not wait until the next Administration to get
something started. Perhaps a high-publicity case involving drugs or
child molestors will be used as a pretext to crack down. This
crackdown may not need new laws...the existing conspiracy, RICI Act,
and espionage laws may be enough to "set some examples."
Our next Cypherpunks meeting (Saturday, 21 November) should look at
some of these issues. "Time is of the essence."

@_date: 1992-11-14 10:55:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Cryptodiversity" and Foiling the "Key Grabbers" 
George Gleason argues for having and using several types of
A great idea. Getting several forms of crypto out there is a good
insurance policy. The problem I see is that no system, be it OTP or
something else, is likely to get much penetration in the market. PGP
has taken off, but another system will face an uphill battle unless it
is very well-written, very easy to use, and/or fills some special
Still, I want to encourage George to pursue this (somehow). I have a
CD-ROM on my Mac, but I doubt it'll be practical to burn CD-ROMs
economically (one service wants $200 for one CD-ROM, with a second one
for nominally more...and note that such a service is an obvious
security hole). 128 MB magneto-opticals may be a better bet, though
few folks have them.
In terms of programming energy, vis-a-vis a point John Gilmore made
recently about adding to the PGP effort, I'm sure enhancing PGP by
integrating it into standard mailers (yes, I'm aware of the security
holes here, too) would be even more beneficial to cryptodiversity,
just in the sense of getting the volume of encrypted traffic way up. A
good Mac version would also help, of course.
And to head off the "key grabbers," developing steganographic methods
to hide our encrypted bitstreams inside innocuous GIF files and the
like (as I have written about before) may be useful.

@_date: 1992-11-14 11:15:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Rander box and other stuff 
Maybe I'm being crypto-dense, but why would individual Powerbook 100
users care so much about generating the bits in the volumes that a
hardware-based RNG is designed to supply?
For filling a CD-ROM (600 MB) with good random bits, I can see the
need for a back-biased diode source (such as Tony Patti's widget), but
such filling of a CD-ROM presumes a fair amount of other stuff, like
the CD-ROM burners, etc. I can't imagine a PB 100 user, and I'm one of
them, developing OTPs on CD-ROMs on the PowerBook.
For generating PGP keys, the keyboard timing methods work quite well,
as several folks have pointed out.
Maybe for some of the dynamic key generation applications that will be
appearing in the next couple of years such a hardware RNG will be
useful (so that the bits can be generated in the absence of a human
operator, and at higher rates). But I don't see them needed
immediately, and certainly not on a PowerBook. (No insult to the
PowerBook, it's just that I can't see Eric Hughes' and Hal Finney's
remailer running on such a platform, for obvious reasons.)
Am I missing something?

@_date: 1992-11-14 18:22:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: What's More Important? 
I try to never say on lists or newsgroups that some subject is
inappropriate, or boring, has already been beaten to death, etc.
Instead, I figure it's up to others to make this choice. I can always
ignore threads that don't interest me.
But let me confess I'm mystified as to why the subject of random
number generators (and CD-ROMs filled with them) is getting so much
attention while Hal Finney's remarkable post on his work toward a
fully-encrypted remailer (allowing digital pseudonyms) has received
no discussion whatsover!
Random number generators, in software and in hardware, pop up in
discussions on sci.crypt every couple of months or so. Every argument
made here, every basic question, etc., has already come up several
times in just past year! Furthermore, and I don't mean to sound
chiding or condescending, one-time pads are fundamentally not the way
to go. Yes, I know that I just applauded George Gleason's
cryptodiversity idea...but I see the stark contrast between the dozens
of postings on RNGs, Rander, one-time pads, and CD-ROMs and the utter
lack of postings about Hal's remailer...and I am chagrined.
Granted, Hal's system is hard to follow. This is another area where
some diagrams would help immensely, especially drawn on a blackboard.
But anonymous remailing is where cypherpunks need to be.

@_date: 1992-11-16 01:13:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Dining Cryptographers Protocol 
Fellow Dining Cryptographers (and Cypherpunks),
Hal Finney has been suggesting I forward to this list some articles I
wrote for another list of like-minded folks, the "Extropians" list. We
had some fascinating discussions of digital money, DC-nets, digital
pseudonyms (a la Vernor Vinge's "True Names," as Hal has noted), etc.
Basically the stuff I put in my .signature, and so on.
These topics are, in my opinion, at the core of what we are doing on
this list. It is highly gratifying to see the pieces falling into
place. And at our crypto session  at the Hackers Conference, it became
clear to many people just how close we are.
So since Hal just forwarded me one of my old postings, how can I
resist? (I still _have_ my old posts, but no longer on my NETCOM
system, so reposting them takes a bit of effort. So I'll just forward
to you the posting Hal just forwarded to me!)
I was looking through some old Extropians messages and found this
one which you wrote about DC nets.  I don't know if you archive your
old messages, but I thought this had some good stuff, especially at the
end where you talk about the applications of crypto anonymity.  You
would probably want to change the use of Extropians to Cypherpunks or
some such, if you wanted to re-post it there.
Return-Path: X-Extropian-Date: Remailed on August 18, 372 P.N.O. [22:46:47 UTC]
Reply-To: uunet!gnu.ai.mit.edu!Extropians
Marc R. has opened the door for me to get into some really exciting
Complexity Warning: This stuff (I'm being informal) is easy once you
get the basic idea. But getting the basic idea usually involves reading
several articles on what RSA, digital signatures, etc., are all about,
working out some examples, thinking about it, drawing pictures with
other folks, and finally having an "Aha!" experience (in Werner Erhard's
terms, you "get it"). The ASCII nature of the Net is not conducive to learning
this stuff, despite the excellent summaries of crypto by Marc R. and Perry M.
The almost-latest "Scientific American," August, has an article by David Chaum
on digital money, and the latest "Spectrum," available at selected newstands,
has several articles on security and cryptography. Also, there are lots of
books. Look 'em up in a university library or flip through them at a large
technical bookstore and pick the one you like the most. (I like a slim
Springer-Verlag paperback, "Modern Cryptology," by Gilles Brassard, 1988, as
a good intro to "modern"--as opposed to "classical"--crypto.)
If the stuff in this posting, and on crypto in general, is beyond your
current understanding, either ignore it, skim it and try to get the gist,
or dig into the articles and books. Anyway, back to "The Dining Cryptographers Problem: Unconditional Sender and
Recipient Untraceability," David Chaum, Journal of Cryptology, I, 1, 1988.
Since this journal is hard to get, I'll discuss the article in some detail.
(The techniques have major implications for anarchocapitalism and for
Extropian ideas.)
Abstract: "Keeping confidential who sends which messages, in a world where any physical transmission can be traced to its origin, seems impossible.
The solution presented here is unconditionally or cryptographically secure,
depending on whether it is based on one-time-use keys or on public keys.
respectively. It can be adapted to address efficiently a wide variety of practical considerations."
A word on terminology: "Unconditionally secure" means what it says: no
computer will ever crack it. One-time pads are unconditionally secure...no
code or cipher is involved, except the one-time pad, so the message is
secure as long as the pad has not been compromised. "Cryptographically
secure" means secure so long as various crypto ciphers are secure, which
may be for a very, very long time (e.g., with very large primes, in RSA).
Chaum describes some "dining cryptographers," which I will playfully change
to "dining Extropians." (The term is of course a variant of the seminal
"dining logicians problem" in computer science)
Three Extropians are having dinner, perhaps in New York City. Their waiter
tells them that their bill has already been paid, either by the NSA
or by one of them. The waiter won't say more.
The Extropians wish to know whether one of them paid, or the NSA paid. But
they don't want to be impolite and force the Extropina payer to 'fess up,
so they carry out this protocol (or procedure):
Each Extropian flips a fair coin behind a menu placed upright between himself
and the Extropian on his right. The coin is visible to himself AND to the
Extropian on his left. Each Extropian can see his own coin and the coin to his
STOP RIGHT HERE! Please take the time to make a sketch of the situation I've
described. If you lost it here, all that follows will be a blur. I'm sparing
you folks my attempt at an ASCII drawing!
Each Extropians then states out loud whether the two coins he can see are the
SAME or are DIFFERENT, e.g., "Heads-Tails" means DIFFERENT, and so forth. For
now, assume the Extropians are truthful.
A little bit of thinking shows that the total number of "DIFFERENCES" must
be either 0 (the coins all came up the same), or 2. Odd parity is impossible.
Now the Extropians agree that if one of them paid, he or she will SAY THE
OPPOSITE of what they actually see. Remember, they don't announce what their
coin turned up as, only whether it was the same or different as their neighbor.
Suppose none of them paid, i.e., the NSA paid. Then they all report the truth
and the parity is even (either 0 or 2 differences). They then know the NSA
Suppose one of them paid the bill. He reports the opposite of what he actually
sees, and the parity is suddenly odd. That is, there is 1 difference reported.
The Extropians now know that one of them paid. But can they determine which
Suppose you are one of the Extropians and you know you didn't pay. One of the
other two did. You either reported SAME or DIFFERENT, based on what your neighbor to the right (whose coin you can see) had. But you can't tell which
of the other two is lying! (You can see you right-hand neighbor's coin, but
you can't see the coin he sees to his right!)
This all generalizes to any number of people. If none of them paid, the parity
is even. If one of them paid, the parity is odd. But which one of them paid
cannot be deduced. And it should be clear that each round can transmit a bit,
e.g., "I paid" is a "1". The message "Attack at dawn" could thus be "sent"
untraceably with multiple rounds of the protocol.
The Crypto Ouija Board: I explain this to people as a kind of ouija board.
A message, like "I paid" or a more interesting "Transfer funds from.....,"
just "emerges" out of the group, with no means of knowing where it came from. Truly astounding.
Now there are many interesting wrinkles and elaborations to this protocol. I'll
note just a few.
1. Collusion. Obviously the Extropians can collude to deduce the payer. This is best dealt with by creating multiple subcircuits (groups doing the protocol amongst themselves). Lots more stuff here. Chaum devotes most of the
paper to these kind of issues and their solutions.
2. With each round of this protocol, a single bit is transmitted. Sending
a long message means many coin flips. Instead of coins and menus, the neighbors would exchange lists of random numbers (with the right partners,
as per the protocol above, of course. Details are easy to figure out.)
3. Since the lists are essentially one-time pads, the protocol is unconditionally secure, i.e., no assumptions are made about the difficulty
of factoring large numbers or any other crypto assumptions.
4. Participants in such a "DC-Net" (and here we are coming to the heart
of the "crypto anarchy" I have mentioned several times, and which is
perhaps foolishly advertised in my .sig) could exchange CD-ROMs or DATs,
giving them enough "coin flips" for zillions of messages, all untraceable!
The logistics are not simple, but one can imagine personal devices, like
smart card or Apple "Newtons," that can handle these protocols (early applications may be for untraceable brainstorming comments, secure
voting in corportate settings, etc.)
5. The lists of random numbers (coin flips) can be generated with standard
cryptographic methods, requiring only a key to be exchanged between the appropriate participants. This eliminates the need for the one-time pad,
but means the method is now only cryptographically secure, which is often sufficient. (Don't think "only cryptographically secure" means
insecure....the messages may remain encrypted for the next billion years)
6. Collisions occur when multiple messages are sent at the same time. Various
schemes can be devised to handle this, like backing off when you detect
another sender (when even parity is seen instead of odd parity). In large systems this is likely to be a problem. Solutions are left as an exercise.
7. Noise. Some participants may try to flood the circuit with spurious
messages, to defeat the system or for whatever other reasons. This is
still an issue. (If there's anything to take away from crypto, it's that
nothing is as simple as it looks, that there are always devious ways to spoof, jam, and forge. I expect you've seen this from some of the debate
on digital voting schemes.)
What Can "DC-Net" Be Used For?:
* Untraceable mail. Useful for avoiding censorship, for avoiding lawsuits,
and for all kinds of crypto anarchy things.
* Fully anonymous bulletin boards, with no traceability of postings or responses. Illegal materials can be offered for sale (my 1987 canonical
example, which freaked out a few people: "Stealth bomber blueprints for
sale. Post highest offer and include public key."). Think for a few minutes
about this and you'll see the profound implications.
* Decentralized nexus of activity. Since messages "emerge" (a la the ouija
board metaphor), there is no central posting area. Nothing for the government
to shut down, complete deniability by the participants.
* Only you know who your a partners are....in any given circuit. And you can
be in as many circuits as you wish. (Payments can be made to others,
to create a profit motive. I won't deal with this issue, or with the issue
of how reputations are handled, in this posting.)
* The tamper-responding "digital mixes" can still be useful, and may supplement
this purely software-based approach.
* Digital money gets involved, too, both for payments in this system, and in
terms of "alternative currencies." I'm not an economist, so I'll leave this for others to go into in more detail.
Enough for now. Chaum's work is just the start. These systems can initially be
set up for "innocuous" purposes like research into crypto techniques (not yet
banned in the U.S.), role-playing games, religions, and the like. Once
they get going, it'll be too late to stop the other things.
Hope you liked this summary. Please read the articles...there's just no way
my posting can do justice to them (though I admit I've concentrated my efforts
on the political aspects, which "respectable" crypto researchers rarely
mention, so perhaps the flavor here is a bit more Extropian than you'll
find elsewhere.)
--Tim (part of the "Too Many Tims!" Conspiracy)

@_date: 1992-11-17 10:13:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Random Numbers Boxes and Cypher Processers 
Hugh Daniel writes about converting used Telebit modems for crypto
Great idea! Figuring out how to rewire and reprogram a Telebit modem
and then writing a port of PGP for it seems like a real service to the
half-dozen or so people in the world who have these Telebits and who
want what you describe.
I hope my good friend Hugh is not angered by my mocking tone!
A serious issue is economics, the allocation of scarce resources. Eric
Hughes keeps pounding on this.
A cheap RNG might be useful, but not for most people. And I can't
imagine many people trying to scrounge old Telebits so as to get good
random numbers (this assumes someone actually writes the RNG code,
tests it for statistical properties, and submits it for "breaking" by
others). More important is getting easy to use software out there. Modifying
relatively scarce hardware (which Telbitw are, outside our circle of
friends :-}) goes against this "populist crypto" philosophy.
Zimmerman's really important contribution was to actually get RSA out
to anyone with a PC or vanilla UNIX.
Finally, why focus on the Telebit? I have an old Processor Technology
"Sol" computer that could be similary reprogrammed for RNG use. Any
(Just kidding.)

@_date: 1992-11-19 19:40:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How far is to far? 
Abuses of various sorts will surely occur. The same thing happens with
the postal systems of the world ("blackmail," poison pen letters,
ransom demands, extortion threats, child pornography, sedition, etc.),
with the phone systems (ditto above), freely available Xerox machines,
and so on. Computers and computers nets will be no different.
A difference is that the authorities are trying to stop all such
abuses on computer nets and all such things they dislike by banning
privacy and by restricting use. This is a doomed effort.
This is where "reputations" and "kill" files come to the fore.
Immature flames and other minor crimes are best dealt with by
"down-checking" the reputation of the digital pseudonym of the
offender. (Completely anonymous postings, where no "handle" or digital
pseudonym is provided are likely to be "killed" by most readers.)
For more serious "crimes" perpetrated by crypto users, well, nothing's
perfect. As I said above, they have other channels to use as well.
An advantage of the digital pseudonym nets is that these criminals
don't know who you are or where you live (a la "True Names") and hence
can't perpetrate certain crimes. When in cypherspace, be careful!

@_date: 1992-11-20 14:19:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Young Men's Crypto Association," (YMCA) 
"Young Men's Crypto Association" (YMCA)
George Gleason raises some interesting points about teaching ethics
and morality to nascent hackers, in the hope of heading off some of
the darker aspects of anonymous remailers, digital pseudonyms, and the
I doubt this'll work. You're welcome to try, though. We had this same discussion in a nanotech group I attend (Ted
Kaehler's "Assembler Multitude," in Palo Alto), where the concern was
about the "grey goo" that could result from replicator development.
Several folks recommended that the best approach to handling malicious
"nanotech hacking" is _education_, just as George is recommending for
what might be called "malicious crypto."
The problems are:
1. Moral education (= Christian, in the West) has been tried for
centuries, with little apparent effect on murders, rapes, war, and
pillage. I won't knock religion here, but the teachings don't seem to
have much of an effect.
2. There's usually some fringe, which may be 10% or which may be 1%,
which does the _opposite_ of the mainstream teachings. For example,
let us suppose George successfully organizes the "Young Men's Crypto
Association," or YMCA, to go out to high schools and shopping malls to
preach the virtues of crypto temperance, of the evils of computer
viruses (a parallel to the crypto stuff talked about here, and an even
better example of "hacker morality"), etc.
This YMCA will perhaps teach some set of values to perhaps 90% or even
99% of the hacker community it preaches to. But what of the rest? A
case can be made that such preaching will _energize_ this minority
into action, if only to poke a stick into the eye of society.
3. Practically speaking, how can a handful of we crypto enthusiasts
even begin to compete with the teachings of other moralists and
religious types? We've got other fish to fry.
4. Finally, many of the "crypto anarchy" views I've been espousing for
several years now have been seen by some as grossly immoral and
dangerous. Should the YMCA (the Young Men's Crypto Association,
remember) argue _against_ such ideas? I agree with George that some will always "wreck for thrills." What
crypto and privacy techniques do is give us some protection against
these vandals. Like locks on doors, or sealed envelopes, these
techniques protect us a lot better than moral lectures against
thievery or fraud.
Having said all this, if George decides to go ahead with his version
of the YMCA, maybe I'll even stand outside in the cold and ring a bell.

@_date: 1992-11-22 11:54:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Glossary 
Here's the glossary of crypto terms we passed out in printed form at
the first Cypherpunks meeting in September 1992. Some compromises had
to be made in going from the printed form to the ASCII of this
transmission, so I hope you'll bear with me.
I'm sending it to the entire list because nearly everyone who hears
about it says "Is it online?" and wants a copy. If you don't want it,
discard it.
I'm not going to be maintaining the "Cypherpunks FAQ," so don't send
me corrections or additions.
--Tim May
CRYPTO GLOSSARY
Compiled by Tim May (tcmay at netcom.com) and Eric Hughes
(hughes at soda.berkeley.edu), circa September 1992.
Major Branches of Cryptology (as we see it)
-	(these sections will introduce the terms in context, though complete definitions will not be given)
*** Encryption
-	privacy of messages
-	using ciphers and codes to protect the secrecy of -	DES is the most common symmetric cipher (same key for encryption and decryption)
-	RSA is the most common asymmetric cipher (different keys for encryption and decryption)
*** Signatures and Authentication
-	proving who you are
-	proving you signed a document (and not someone else)
*** Untraceable Mail
-	untraceable sending and receiving of mail and messages
-	focus: defeating eavesdroppers and traffic analysis
-	DC protocol (dining cryptographers)
*** Cryptographic Voting
-	focus: ballot box anonymity
-	credentials for voting
-	issues of double voting, security, robustness, efficiency
*** Digital Cash
-	focus: privacy in transactions, purchases
-	unlinkable credentials
-	blinded notes
-	"digital coins" may not be possible
*** Crypto Anarchy
-	using the above to evade government, to bypass tax collection, -	a technological solution to the problem of too much ***	G L O S S A R Y    ***
***	agoric systems -- open, free market systems in which voluntary transactions are central. ***	Alice and Bob -- cryptographic protocols are often made clearer by considering parties A and B, or Alice and Bob, performing some protocol. Eve the eavesdropper, Paul the prover, and Vic the verifier are other common stand-in names.
***	ANDOS -- all or nothing disclosure of secrets.
***	anonymous credential -- a credential which asserts some right or privilege or fact without revealing the identity of the holder.  This is unlike CA driver's licenses.
***	asymmetric cipher -- same as public key ***	authentication -- the process of verifying an identity or credential, to ensure you are who you said you were.
***	biometric security -- a type of authentication using fingerprints, retinal scans, palm prints, or other physical/biological signatures of an individual.
***	bit commitment -- e.g., tossing a coin and then committing to the value without being able to change the outcome. The blob is a cryptographic primitive for this.
***	blinding, blinded signatures -- A signature that the signer does not remember having made.  A blind signature is always a cooperative protocol and the receiver of the signature provides the signer with the blinding information. ***	blob -- the crypto equivalent of a locked box. A cryptographic primitive for bit commitment, with the properties that a blobs can represent a 0 or a 1, that others cannot tell be looking whether itUs a 0 or a 1, that the creator of the blob can "open" the blob to reveal the contents, and that no blob can be both a 1 and a 0. An example of this is a flipped coin covered by a hand.
***	channel -- the path over which messages are transmitted. Channels may be secure or insecure, and may have eavesdroppers (or enemies, or disrupters, etc.) who alter messages, insert and delete messages, etc. Cryptography is the means by which communications over insecure channels are protected.
***	chosen plaintext attack -- an attack where the cryptanalyst gets to choose the plaintext to be enciphered, e.g., when possession of an enciphering machine or algorithm is in the possession of the cryptanalyst.
***	cipher -- a secret form of writing, using substitution or transposition of characters or symbols.
***	ciphertext -- the plaintext after it has been encrypted.
***	code -- a restricted cryptosystem where words or letters of a message are replaced by other words chosen from a codebook. Not part of modern cryptology, but still useful.
***	coin flipping -- an important crypto primitive, or protocol, in which the equivalent of flipping a fair coin is possible. Implemented with blobs.
***	collusion -- wherein several participants cooperate to deduce the identity of a sender or receiver, or to break a cipher. Most cryptosystems are sensitive to some forms of collusion. Much of the work on implementing DC Nets, for example, involves ensuring that colluders cannot isolate message senders and thereby trace origins and destinations of mail.
***	computationally secure -- where a cipher cannot be broken with available computer resources, but in theory can be broken with enough computer resources. Contrast with unconditionally  secure.
***	countermeasure -- something you do to thwart an ***	credential -- facts or assertions about some entity. For example, credit ratings, passports, reputations, tax status, insurance records, etc.  Under the current system, these credentials are increasingly being cross-linked. Blind signatures may be used to create anonymous credentials.
***	credential clearinghouse  -- banks, credit agencies, insurance companies, police departments, etc., that correlate records and decide the status of records. ***	cryptanalysis -- methods for attacking and breaking ciphers and related cryptographic systems. Ciphers may be broken, traffic may be analyzed, and passwords may be cracked. Computers are of course essential.
***	crypto anarchy -- the economic and political system after the deployment of encryption, untraceable e-mail, digital pseudonyms, cryptographic voting, and digital cash. A pun on "crypto," meaning "hidden," and as when Gore Vidal called William F. Buckley a "crypto fascist."
***	cryptography -- another name for cryptology.
***	cryptology -- the science and study of writing, sending, receiving, and deciphering secret messages. Includes authentication, digital signatures, the hiding of messages (steganography), cryptanalysis, and several other fields.
***	cyberspace  -- the electronic domain, the Nets, and computer-generated spaces. Some say it is the "consensual reality" described in "Neuromancer." Others say it is the phone system. Others have work to do.
***	DC protocol, or DC-Net -- the dining cryptographers protocol. DC-Nets use multiple participants communicating with the DC protocol.
***	DES -- the Data Encryption Standard, proposed in 1977 by the National Bureau of Standards (now NIST), with assistance from the National Security Agency. Based on the "Lucifer" cipher developed by Horst Feistel at IBM, DES is a secret key cryptosystem that cycles 64-bit blocks of data through multiple permutations with a 56-bit key controlling the routing. "Diffusion" and "confusion" are combined to form a cipher that has not yet been cryptanalyzed (see "DES, Security of"). DES is in use for interbank transfers, as a cipher inside of several RSA-based systems, and is available for PCs.
***	DES, Security of  -- many have speculated that the NSA placed a trapdoor (or back door) in DES to allow it to read DES-encrypted messages. This has not been proved. It is known that the original Lucifer algorithm used a 128-bit key and that this key length was shortened to 64 bits (56 bits plus 8 parity bits), thus making exhaustive search much easier (so far as is known, brute-force search has not been done, though it should be feasible today). Shamir and Bihan have used a technique called "differential cryptanalysis" to reduce the exhaustive search needed for chosen plaintext attacks (but with no import for ordinary DES).
***	differential cryptanalysis -- the Shamir-Biham technique for cryptanalyzing DES. With a chosen plaintext attack, they've reduced the number of DES keys that must be tried from about 2^56 to about 2^47 or less. Note, however, that rarely can an attacker mount a chosen plaintext attack on DES systems.
***	digital cash, digital money -- Protocols for transferring value, monetary or otherwise, electronically.  Digital cash usually refers to systems that are anonymous. Digital money systems can be used to implement any quantity that is conserved, such as points, mass, dollars, etc.  There are many variations of  digital money systems, ranging from VISA numbers to blinded signed digital coins.  A topic too large for a single glossary entry.
***	digital pseudonym -- basically, a "crypto identity." A way for individuals to set up accounts with various organizations without revealing more information than they wish. Users may have several digital pseudonyms, some used only once, some used over the course of many years. Ideally, the pseudonyms can be linked only at the will of the holder. In the simplest form, a public key can serve as a digital pseudonym and need not be linked to a physical identity.
***	digital signature --  Analogous to a written signature on a document. A modification to a message that only the signer can make but that everyone can recognize.  Can  be used legally to contract at a distance.
***	digital timestamping -- one function of a digital notary public, in which some message (a song, screenplay, lab notebook, contract, etc.) is stamped with a time that cannot (easily) be forged. ***	dining cryptographers protocol (aka DC protocol, DC nets) -- the untraceable message sending system invented by David Chaum. Named after the "dining philosophers" problem in computer science, participants form circuits and pass messages in such a way that the origin cannot be deduced, barring collusion. At the simplest level, two participants share a key between them. One of them sends some actual message by bitwise exclusive-ORing the message with the key, while the other one just sends the key itself. The actual message from this pair of participants is obtained by XORing the two outputs. However, since nobody but the pair knows the original key, the actual message cannot be traced to either one of the participants.
***	discrete logarithm problem -- given integers a, n, and x, find some integer m such that a^m mod n = x, if m exists. Modular exponentiation, the a^m mod n part, is straightforward (and special purpose chips are available), but the inverse problem is believed to be very hard, in general.  Thus it is conjectured that modular exponentiation is a one-
way function.
***	DSS, Digital Signature Standard -- the latest NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology, successor to NBS) standard for digital signatures. Based on the El Gamal cipher, some consider it weak and poor substitute for RSA-
based signature schemes.
***	eavesdropping, or passive wiretapping -- intercepting messages without detection. Radio waves may be intercepted, phone lines may be tapped, and computers may have RF emissions detected. Even fiber optic lines can be ***	factoring -- Some large numbers are difficult to factor. It is conjectured that there are no feasible--i.e."easy," less than exponential in size of number-- factoring methods. It is also an open problem whether RSA may be broken more easily than by factoring the modulus (e.g., the public key might reveal information which simplifies the problem). Interestingly, though factoring is believed to be "hard", it is not known to be in the class of NP-hard problems. Professor Janek invented a factoring device, but he is believed to be ***	information-theoretic security -- "unbreakable" security, in which no amount of cryptanalysis can break a cipher or system. One time pads are an example (providing the pads are not lost nor stolen nor used more than once, of course). Same as unconditionally secure.
***	key -- a piece of information needed to encipher or decipher a message. Keys may be stolen, bought, lost, etc., just as with physical keys.
***	key exchange, or key distribution -- the process of sharing a key with some other party, in the case of symmetric ciphers, or of distributing a  public key in an asymmetric cipher. A major issue is that the keys be exchanged reliably and without compromise. Diffie and Hellman devised one such scheme, based on the discrete logarithm problem. ***	known-plaintext attack -- a cryptanalysis of a cipher where plaintext-ciphertext pairs are known. This attack searches for an unknown key. Contrast with the chosen plaintext attack, where the cryptanalyst can also choose the plaintext to be enciphered.
***	mail, untraceable  -- a system for sending and receiving mail without traceability or observability. Receiving mail anonymously can be done with broadcast of the mail in encrypted form.  Only the intended recipient (whose identity, or true name, may be unknown to the sender) may able to decipher the message. Sending mail anonymously apparently requires mixes or use of the dining cryptographers (DC) protocol.
***	minimum disclosure proofs  -- another name for zero knowledge proofs, favored by Chaum.
***	mixes -- David Chaum's term for a box which performs the function of mixing, or decorrelating, incoming and outgoing electronic mail messages. The box also strips off the outer envelope (i.e., decrypts with its private key) and remails the message to the address on the inner envelope. Tamper-resistant modules may be used to prevent cheating and forced disclosure of the mapping between incoming and outgoing mail. A sequence of many remailings effectively makes tracing sending and receiving impossible. Contrast this with the software version, the DC protocol.
***	modular exponentiation  -- raising an integer to the power of another integer, modulo some integer. For integers a, n, and m, a^m mod n. For example, 5^3 mod 100 = 25. Modular exponentiation can be done fairly quickly with a sequence of bit shifts and adds, and special purpose chips have been designed. See also discrete logarithm.
***	National Security Agency (NSA)  -- the largest intelligence agency, responsible for making and breaking ciphers, for intercepting communications, and for ensuring the security of U.S. computers. Headquartered in Fort Meade, Maryland, with many listening posts around the world.  The NSA funds cryptographic research and advises other agencies about cryptographic matters. The NSA once obviously had the world's leading cryptologists, but this may no longer be the ***	negative credential -- a credential that you possess that you don't want any one else to know, for example, a bankruptcy filing.  A formal version of a negative reputation.
***	NP-complete -- a large class of difficult problems.  "NP" stands for nondeterministic polynomial time, a class of problems thought in general not to have feasible algorithms for their solution.  A problem is "complete"  if  any other NP problem may be reduced to that problem.   Many important combinatorial and algebraic problems are NP-complete: the traveling salesman problem, the Hamiltonian cycle problem, the word problem, and on and on.
***	oblivious transfer -- a cryptographic primitive that involves the probabilistic transmission of bits. The sender does not know if the bits were received.
***	one-time pad -- a string of randomly-selected bits or symbols which is combined with a plaintext message to produce the ciphertext. This combination may be shifting letters some amount, bitwise exclusive-ORed, etc.). The recipient, who also has a copy of the one time pad, can easily recover the plaintext. Provided the pad is only used once and then destroyed, and is not available to an eavesdropper, the system is perfectly secure, i.e., it is information-
theoretically secure. Key distribution (the pad)  is obviously a practical concern, but consider CD-ROM's.
***	one-way function -- a function which is easy to compute in one direction but hard to find any inverse for, e.g. modular exponentiation, where the inverse problem is known as the discrete logarithm problem. Compare the special case of trap door one-way functions.  An example of  a one-way operation is multiplication: it is  easy to multiply two prime numbers of 100 digits to produce a 200-digit number, but  hard to factor that 200-digit number. ***	P ?=? NP  -- Certainly the most  important unsolved problem in complexity theory. If P = NP, then cryptography as we know it today does not exist.  If P = NP,  all NP problems are "easy." ***	padding -- sending extra messages to confuse eavesdroppers and to defeat traffic analysis.   Also adding random bits to a message to be enciphered.
***	plaintext -- also called cleartext, the text that is to be ***	Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)  -- Phillip ZimmermanUs implementation of RSA, recently upgraded to version 2.0, with more robust components and several new features. RSA Data Security has threatened PZ so he no longer works on it.  Version 2.0 was written by a consortium of non-U.S. hackers.
***	prime numbers -- integers with no factors other than themselves and 1. The number of primes is unbounded.  About 1% of the 100 decimal digit numbers are prime.  Since there are about 10^70 particles in the universe, there are about 10^23  100 digit primes for each and every particle in the ***	probabilistic encryption  -- a scheme by Goldwasser, Micali, and Blum that allows multiple ciphertexts for the same plaintext, i.e., any given plaintext may have many ciphertexts if the ciphering is repeated. This protects against certain types of known ciphertext attacks on RSA.
***	proofs of identity -- proving who you are, either your true name, or your digital identity. Generally, possession of the right key is sufficient proof (guard your key!). Some work has been done on "is-a-person" credentialling agencies, using the so-called Fiat-Shamir protocol...think of this as a way to issue unforgeable digital passports. Physical proof of identity may be done with biometric security methods. Zero knowledge proofs of identity reveal nothing beyond the fact that the identity is as claimed. This has obvious uses for computer access, passwords, etc.
***	protocol -- a formal procedure for solving some problem. Modern cryptology is mostly about the study of protocols for many problems, such as coin-flipping, bit commitment (blobs), zero knowledge proofs, dining cryptographers, and so on.
***	public key -- the key distributed publicly to potential message-senders. It may be published in a phonebook-like directory or otherwise sent. A major concern is the validity of this public key to guard against spoofing or impersonation.
***	public key cryptosystem -- the modern breakthrough in cryptology, designed by Diffie and Hellman, with contributions from several others. Uses trap door one-way functions so that encryption may be done by anyone with access to the "public key" but decryption may be done only by the holder of the "private key." Encompasses public key encryption, digital signatures, digital cash, and many other protocols and applications.
***	public key encryption -- the use of modern cryptologic methods to provided message security and authentication. The RSA algorithm is the most widely used form of public key encryption, although other systems exist. A public key may be freely published, e.g., in phonebook-like directories, while the corresponding private key is closely ***	public key patents  -- M.I.T. and Stanford, due to the work of Rivest, Shamir, Adleman, Diffie, Hellman, and Merkle, formed Public Key Partners to license the various public key, digital signature, and RSA patents. These patents, granted in the early 1980s, expire in the between 1998 and 2002. PKP has licensed RSA Data Security Inc., of Redwood City, CA, which handles the sales, etc.
***	quantum cryptography -- a system based on quantum-
mechanical principles. Eavesdroppers alter the quantum state of the system and so are detected. Developed by Brassard and Bennett, only small laboratory demonstrations have been ***	reputations -- the trail of positive and negative associations and judgments that some entity accrues. Credit ratings, academic credentials, and trustworthiness are all examples. A digital pseudonym will accrue these reputation credentials based on actions, opinions of others, etc. In crypto anarchy, reputations and agoric systems will be of paramount importance. There are many fascinating issues of how reputation-based systems work, how credentials can be bought and sold, and so forth.
***	RSA -- the main public key encryption algorithm, developed by Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir, and Kenneth Adleman. It exploits the difficulty of factoring large numbers to create a private key and public key. First invented in 1978, it remains the core of modern public key systems. It is usually much slower than DES, but special-purpose modular exponentiation chips will likely speed it up. A popular scheme for speed is to use RSA to transmit session keys and then a high-speed cipher like DES for the actual message text.
***	Description -- Let p and q be large primes, typically with more than 100 digits. Let n = pq and find some e such that e is relatively prime to (p - 1)(q - 1). The set of numbers p, q, and e is the private key for RSA. The set of numbers n and e forms the public key (recall that knowing n is not sufficient to easily find p and q...the factoring problem).  A message M is encrypted by computing M^e mod n. The owner of the private key can decrypt the encrypted message by exploiting number theory results, as follows. An integer d is computed such that ed =1 (mod (p - 1)(q - 1)). Euler proved a theorem that M^(ed) = M mod n and so M^(ed) mod n = M. This means that in some sense the integers e and d are "inverses" of each other. [If this is unclear, please see one of the many texts and articles on public key encryption.]
***	secret key cryptosystem -- A system which uses the same key to encrypt and decrypt traffic at each end of a communication link.  Also called a symmetric or one-key system.  Contrast with public key cryptosystem.
***	smart cards -- a computer chip embedded in credit card.  They can hold cash, credentials, cryptographic keys, etc. Usually these are built with some degree of tamper-
resistance. Smart cards may perform part of a crypto transaction, or all of it. Performing part of it may mean checking the computations of a more powerful computer, e.g., one in an ATM.
***	spoofing, or masquerading -- posing as another user. Used for stealing passwords, modifying files, and  stealing cash. Digital signatures and other authentication methods are useful to prevent this. Public keys must be validated and protected to ensure that others don't substitute their own public keys which users may then unwittingly use.
***	steganography -- a part of cryptology dealing with hiding messages and obscuring who is sending and receiving messages. Message traffic is often padded to reduce the signals that would otherwise come from a sudden beginning of messages.
***	symmetric cipher -- same as private key ***	tamper-responding modules, tamper-resistant modules (TRMs) -- sealed boxes or modules which are hard to open, requiring extensive probing and usually leaving ample evidence that the tampering has occurred. Various protective techniques are used, such as special metal or oxide layers on chips, armored coatings, embedded optical fibers, and other measures to thwart analysis. Popularly called "tamper-proof boxes." Uses include: smart cards, nuclear weapon initiators, cryptographic key holders, ATMs, etc.
***	tampering, or active wiretapping -- interfering with messages and possibly modifying them. This may compromise data security, help to break ciphers, etc.  See also spoofing.
***	token -- some representation, such as ID cards, subway tokens, money, etc., that indicates possession of some property or value. ***	traffic analysis -- determining who is sending or receiving messages by analyzing packets, frequency of packets, etc. A part of steganography. Usually handled with traffic padding.
***	transmission rules -- the protocols for determining who can send messages in a DC protocol, and when. These rules are needed to prevent collision and deliberate jamming of the channels.
***	trap messages -- dummy messages in DC Nets which are used to catch jammers and disrupters. The messages contain no private information and are published in a blob beforehand so that the trap message can later be opened to reveal the disrupter. (There are many strategies to explore ***	trap-door -- In cryptography, a piece of secret information that allows the holder of a private key to invert a normally hard to invert function.
***	trap-door one way functions -- functions which are easy to compute in both the forward and reverse direction but for which the disclosure of an algorithm to compute the function in the forward direction does not provide information on how to compute the function in the reverse direction. More simply put, trap-door one way functions are one way for all but the holder of the secret information. The RSA algorithm is the best-known example of such a function.
***	unconditional security -- same as information-
theoretic security, that is, unbreakable except by loss or theft of the key.
***	unconditionally  secure -- where no amount of intercepted ciphertext is enough to allow the cipher to be broken, as with the use of a one-time pad cipher. Contrast with computationally secure.
***	voting, cryptographic -- Various schemes have been devised for anonymous, untraceable voting. Voting schemes should have several properties: privacy of the vote, security of the vote (no multiple votes), robustness against disruption by jammers or disrupters, verifiability (voter has confidence in the results), and efficiency.
***	zero knowledge proofs -- proofs in which no knowledge of the actual proof is conveyed. Peggy the Prover demonstrates to Sid the Skeptic that she is indeed in possession of some piece of knowledge without actually revealing any of that knowledge. This is useful for access to computers, because eavesdroppers or dishonest sysops cannot steal the knowledge given. Also called minimum disclosure proofs. Useful for proving possession of some property, or credential, such as age or voting status, without revealing personal information.

@_date: 1992-11-22 12:15:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto 
Cypherpunks of the World,
Several of you at the "physical Cypherpunks" gathering yesterday in
Silicon Valley requested that more of the material passed out in
meetings be available electronically to the entire readership of the
Cypherpunks list, spooks, eavesdroppers, and all. Here's the "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" I read at the September 1992
founding meeting. It dates back to mid-1988 and was distributed to
some like-minded techno-anarchists at the "Crypto '88" conference and
then again at the "Hackers Conference" that year. I later gave talks
at Hackers on this in 1989 and 1990.
There are a few things I'd change, but for historical reasons I'll
just leave it as is. Some of the terms may be unfamiliar to you...I
hope the Crypto Glossary I just distributed will help.
(This should explain all those cryptic terms in my .signature!)
--Tim May
The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto
Timothy  C.  May
tcmay at netcom.com
A specter is haunting the modern world, the specter of crypto anarchy. Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for individuals and groups to communicate and interact with each other in a totally anonymous manner. Two persons may exchange messages, conduct business, and negotiate electronic contracts without ever knowing the True Name, or legal identity, of the other. Interactions over networks will be untraceable, via extensive re-
routing of encrypted packets and tamper-proof boxes which implement cryptographic protocols with nearly perfect assurance against any tampering. Reputations will be of central importance, far more important in dealings than even the credit ratings of today. These developments will alter completely the nature of government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic interactions, the ability to keep information secret, and will even alter the nature of trust and reputation.
The technology for this revolution--and it surely will be both a social and economic revolution--has existed in theory for the past decade. The methods are based upon public-key encryption, zero-knowledge interactive proof systems, and various software protocols for interaction, authentication, and verification. The focus has until now been on academic conferences in Europe and the U.S., conferences monitored closely by the National Security Agency. But only recently have computer networks and  personal computers attained sufficient speed to make the ideas practically realizable. And the next ten years will bring enough additional speed to make the ideas economically feasible and essentially unstoppable. High-speed networks, ISDN, tamper-proof boxes, smart cards, satellites,  Ku-band transmitters, multi-MIPS personal computers, and encryption chips now under development will be some of the enabling technologies. The State will of course try to slow or halt the spread of this technology, citing national security concerns, use of the technology by drug dealers and tax evaders, and fears of societal disintegration. Many of these concerns will be valid; crypto anarchy will allow national secrets to be trade freely and will allow illicit and stolen materials to be traded. An anonymous computerized market will even make possible abhorrent markets for assassinations and extortion. Various criminal and foreign elements will be active users of CryptoNet. But this will not halt the spread of crypto anarchy.
Just as the technology of printing altered and reduced the power of medieval guilds and the social power structure, so too will cryptologic methods fundamentally alter the nature of corporations and of government interference in economic transactions. Combined with emerging information markets, crypto anarchy will create a liquid market for any and all material which can be put into words and pictures. And just as a seemingly minor invention like barbed wire made possible the fencing-off of vast ranches and farms, thus altering forever the concepts of land and property rights in the frontier West, so too will the seemingly minor discovery out of an arcane branch of mathematics come to be the wire clippers which dismantle the barbed wire around intellectual property.
Arise, you have nothing to lose but your barbed wire fences!

@_date: 1992-11-24 11:58:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions 
Cypherpunks of the World,
I'm relatively convinced that the various "trial balloons" for
restricting the use of encryption are part and parcel of a larger,
albeit not formally discussed, plan to adopt some form of a digital
cash system. Before your start cheering, it is highly unlikely that
this system will the "digital cash" system of the form we have been
discussing (anonymous transactions, untraceability, David Chaum-style
systems, etc.). My grim scenario is contained in the message below, which I just
posted to another list, the "Extropians" list.
--Tim May
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1992-11-24 17:54:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The List is YOURS, So Speak Up! 
Lurking Cypherpunks,
My message earlier today on a scenario for the banning of cash led to
about 10 responses mailed to me in private e-mail. Typical is the
following (the author has been deleted, as he chose not to post it to
the list as a whole):
"I'm interested.  I was considering removing myself from the cyberpunks
list, because the traffic/info. ratio is too high (low?)..  I'm glad I
didn't, because your message is the type of thing I joined the list to
read.  I don't suppose there somewhere where I can get a 'condensed
version' of the cyberpunks list, or something similar?
"I've heard a bit about "crypto anarchy" (only from cyberpunks mailing
list), and i'm interested.  What's the next step?"
You folks out there ARE the list! If there's something you want
discussed, go ahead and start a new thread. Raise some issues, stir up
some shit.
It seems from some of the messages I got today that people think they
either have little to add to the discussion, or are fearful of the
consequences of posting their comments to a list such as ours.
About the former point, all I can say is that the best learning comes
from arguing a position and learning to defend it. Merely _posting_ a
message generates added interest and piquancy about the list, I've
So consider this an invitation to the hundred or so folks who have yet
to post on this list!
For those who are paranoid, well, chances are They already know who
you are. They have files on you.
Remember this,
* It is not illegal to advocate violence.
* it is not illegal to advocate the overthrow of the government.
* it _is_ illegal to advocate the overthrow of the government by
violent means.
If you stay away from this last item, you're relatively safe. (Even
advocating drug use has not seemed to have much effect on the posters
on alt.drugs.)
In any case, the work being done by Eric Hughes, Hal Finney, and
others, should give us fully anonymous posting capabilitites in the
near future. Even with digital pseudonyms! (Check out the postings of
"Cassandra" and "Pollyanna" for starters.)
If the socioeconomic aspects of crypto anarchy interest you more than,
say, discussions of random number generators, then clearly you should
_post_ on those topics!
And if all you have are _questions_, then by all means ask them! Those
of us who post frequently on this list cannot try to anticipate your
questions and concerns.
I've been spouting this stuff for years and they haven't taken me away
yet, nor have they
[TRANSMISSION HALTED BY ORDER OF THE CRYPTO AUTHORITY]

@_date: 1992-11-24 18:24:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: DC-NETS & bibliography request 
Reading Material:
The article I posted, and the article Hal Finney posted, contains
references to the original DC-Net paper. It was in the Journal of
Cryptology, Volume I, Number 1. Only a very large university library
will carry it. (My nearest university, UC Santa Cruz, does _not_. I
subscribed for a while, because of attending the Crypto '88
conference, and so I was able to include this seminal paper in the
Xeroxed handout for the attendees at our first Cypherpunks meeting. I
regret that I cannot mail anymore copies to people. If you are really
interested in DC-Nets, read the posted articles first and then you'll
surely find a way to get the journal articles.)
The standard sources for modrern crypto are the proceedings each year
of the "Crypto" and "EuroCrypt" conferences. Also, at least half a
dozen good books have been written, some of which have been mentioned
in earlier postings.
And Fen Le Balme posted his won search list a few weeks ago. At some
point an FAQ and bibliography list will exist (I am not maintaing the
FAQ or the bibio, though).
Here's a typical reference:
16. CRYPTO '91 (1991 : University of California, Santa Barbara)
Advances in cryptology--CRYPTO '91 : proceedings / J. Feigenbaum
(ed.).      Berlin ; New York : Springer-Verlag, c1992.                       Series title:  Lecture notes in computer science ; 576.           UCB   Engin     QA76.9.A25 C79 1991                             UCD   Phys Sci  QA267.A1 L43 no.576                             UCI   Main Lib  QA76.9.A25 C79 1991                             UCLA  Engr/Math QA 76.9 A25 C79 1991                            UCR   Rivera    QA76.9.A25 C79 1991                  UCSB  Library   QA76.9.A25 C79 1991 Sci-Engrg                   UCSC  Science   QA76.9.A25C79 1991                              UCSD  S & E     QA76.9.A25 C79 1991                     The books in the "QA76.9.A25" section (Library of Congress numbering
of course) will provide pointers.
Sadly, there are no "Neat Crypto Ideas for the Casually Interested"
books. Some of us have debated writing such a book for Loompanics
--Tim May

@_date: 1992-11-24 21:12:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: An Anonymous Contribution... 
(The following message arrive in my mailbox, with a request to repost
it anonymously. Sometimes these "manual" methods work pretty well!
--Tim May)
The name will turn off a lot of your natural friends, but your arguments are
dead on.  The Crux of the matter is digital cash.  And getting
these anonymous remailers working.  PGP is a basic enabling
thing.  Not that RSA hasn't been around forever, but it
just wasn't useable without a standard.  My deepest gratitude
to you and your friends.
The remailer business needs to get standardized also.  My personal
hack is attached below.  One problem not addressed in the first
crop of remailers is the problem of how do you handle return
paths.  There are lots of trivial ways to get anonymous outgoing
mail. Most telephone systems do not identify the caller, there are
lots of other ways to get this function.  But the problem is getting
an answer back with out unmasking.  The mathematicians may be able to
conjure up a better scheme, but I see the backward security to be
simply a matter of tearing the connection (return path down) faster
than it can be backtraced.  It would be nicer if some kind of
DC-net return path could be devised.  But timeout control will definitely work. With a large number of the forwaring nodes, and
multi-hop paths, it would become quickly very impractical to shake
down the originator,  So the return path could be left "up" for quite some time before having to replace it.  Certainly long enough
for a reasonable reply.  Better yet of cource would be a completely
uncrackable return path that you could leave up long enough to use
institutional advertising.  Eg: run a business from.
Another way to leave up long lasting connections (return paths)
is to select one really HARD point node.  This is the one they
have to shake down first.  And use continuously shifting paths
behind that node.  (all sounds like a router ? ) If you could repost this anonymously
I sure would appreciate it.  I am  (ahem, respectable), and have
some kids left to feed. Could you tell me how to find out more about David Chaum's work?
do you have an email address for him, is he on one of the mailers,
or have anything published?
My hunch is that this whole business could heat up fast.  Within just a
few years the government could be forced into "wage/price" controls.
A great application for the NREN?
Thanks,  xxxxxxxx at yyyyyy.zzz
---------Tear off  -----
This is a proposal for a simple anonymous forwarding protocol.
1>  With the exception of cases 4> and 5> below:
    Any message addressed to the forwarding node that does not
    contain a valid PGP encrypted block, encrypted with the     node's public key causes the forwarding node to reply to
    the sender with its public key, plus whatever other     text the node wishes to add.
2>  If a properly encrypted message is decrypted with the node's
    secret key; The body of the decrypted message is scanned
    for the following sequence:
    "Please forward this message to:"  FORWARD.ADDRESS  "Thank you."
    The trigger strings are what is shown above in the quote marks
    but not including the quote marks.  No actual quote marks are used.
    Everything after the period of the Thank you. string is forwarded
    to the address specified by the FORWARD.ADDRESS string.
    Messages not containing the forwarding request are presumed
    to be addressed to the node itself.
3>  The incoming RETURN.ADDRESS and the FORWARD.ADDRESS are stored
    by the node.
---- Clean up.
4>  Receipt of a message whose RETURN.ADDRESS matches a stored
    FORWARD.ADDRESS will be repeated without modification
    to the stored RETURN.ADDRESS associated with the stored FORWARD.
    ADDRESS.  Bounced mail is returned similarly, 5>  Receipt of a message whose RETURN.ADDRESS matches a previously
    stored RETURN.ADDRESS will cause a message to be
    forwarded to the previously stored FORWARD.ADDRESS     If the incomming message in this case contains a valid encrypted
    block, It will be decrypted and forwarded.  Otherwise, whatever
    contents of the body found will be forwarded.
    Subject lines should be repeated without modification.
    Null bodies or subject lines should work.
6>  In both cases 4> and 5>, the stored RETURN/FORWARD
    addresses are erased.

@_date: 1992-11-25 11:08:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Scenario for a Ban on Cash Transactions 
In his usual fashion, Duncan Frissell has cogently made some arguments
as to why my scenario for a cashless society won't happen. I hope he's
right, but I doubt it. Since many of his comments are relevant to the
parallel discussion going on in the "Cypherpunks" list, I'm cc:ing
that list.
Duncan Frissell writes (from Britain):
But here in the States nearly everyone has either a credit card or an
ATM card. Most supermarkets now take plastic...ATM/credit card readers
are installed in the checkout lanes. The clerks tell me they actually
prefer the plastic, as so little work is needed. (Much faster than
checks, which most people not using plastic use). This installed base
of card readers already covers about 80% of all common transactions, I
would estimate.
A good point, also made by Keith Henson (in e-mail). Politicians want
cash for off-the-record transactions, their sexual liaisons, etc.
Maybe the corruption of politicians will be our salvation! (More
likely: exemptions...Congress exempts itself from many laws. Also, the
various onerous financial disclosure laws directly affect politicians,
and they made it into law.)
I notice plenty of semi-literate folks handing their plastic to the
cashier! Those without checking accounts tend to use "money orders,"
though, so mandating a conversion would be possible. Many of those
without checking or plastic accounts simply don't "qualify." (Trend:
qualification standards have been dropping every year) A
government-run credit/debit card program would ensure that everyone
got a card. Illiteracy is no problem, as there is virtually nothing to
read or write when using plastic. (Adding voice synthesis to some of
the card readers would even be seen as a selling point with the blind
or physically disabled.)
Possibly true, but this won't cut the mustard when it comes to passing
the laws. The laws will be presented as a way to "close the loopholes"
on the rich, not to soak the poor.
The talk of a "welfare credit card" to deal with the theft of welfare
and social security checks (a big problem in the U.S., obviously
affecting mostly the poor) will likely result in some form of
government-mandated card system in the next couple of years. Probably not a concern to the planners, but perhaps. It is not
politically correct to talk about this.
But foreigners already have to comply with U.S. banking laws (though
of course they often don't, but that's another story). Foreigners
planning to convert pounds or francs to cash dollars would simply
convert them to electronic dollars, "charging" up their
debit/credit/etc. card. (As a parallel, the law from 1933 to 1976 or
so was that Americans could not possess gold in any form except
jewelry or rare coins. Other countries had no such laws. Did we see
British visitors flouting the laws by spending gold guineas?)
This could be a real stopper. Perhaps the U.S. and its New World Order
will push for a nearly simultaneous conversion, as part of the GATT
talks, the various monetary talks, etc.
Also, using foreign-based cards could simply be declared illegal.
Tie-ins to Immigration and Passport control could allow foreign
visitors to use their foreing cards for, say, 90 days, or
whatever....this would also be a way to control illegal immigrants who
overstay their temporary visa. The cleanest solution would be to tie a
"tempory visa" to a "temporary VISA" (pun intended), in which a
visitor would receive a card upon arrival, just as he now changes his
francs and marks for dollars.
See above.
Ah, but these clearinghouses are becoming more tightly integrated. A
VISA transactions costs about $0.10, and this is dropping yearly. A
typical transaction can be sent out over phone lines in seconds and
over high-speed ISDN lines in fractions of a second. Fiber optic lines
make it ridiculously easy.
Besides, it it not necessarily the case that there would be one
central authority which would validate transactions (that would be too
vulnerable to single-point failures and sabotage). Transactions would
mostly be similar to today's transactions, with records sent
periodically to the government(s).
Here in the U.S. the banks have acquiesced to nearly all of the
onerous new reporting regulations (cash transactions over
$10,000--soon to be less--and disclosure laws) resulting from the War
on Drugs. Banks are now creatures of the government, jumping when told
to. Also, when the various laws are seen as _profit sources_ (as in
the FBI's Digital Telephony Bill, which would compensate phone
companies for tapping customers) then banks will be happy to add a
service charge to cover their expenses.
Furthermore, and this goes to your point below as well, banks will
push for legislation that forces theri competitors to do exactly the
same as they are doing. There are virtually no new banks appearing in
the U.S....they want a nice, safe, profitable world, not competition.
Forcing all transactions to go through them would fit their fondest
Banks are suffering as new alternatives have appeared. Hence the talk
fo repealing the Glass-Steagall Act. Banks may see a cashless system
as their way to get back into the center of things.
The Internet may be physically decentralized, but logically it is very
centralized, in the sense that all messages to newgroups appear in one
very large feed, albeit sent out in pieces. That is, everybody in the
world is basically seeing the same "sci.crypt" group.
More to the point, the credit card clearinghouses are amazing
centralized (logically, if not physically...and a friend of mine who
consults for VISA headquarters--located in the Bay Area--says nearly
all VISA transactions flow into their facilities). I can access my
credit card balances nearly anyplace in the world. How's that for
centralization? Here we agree, completely. This is my hope. If we can deploy our ideas
quickly enough, the scenario I describe may be headed off.
Thank you, Duncan, for your incisive comments, even though I disputed
most of them. This is an important debate, a lot more important, I
think, than debates on the rights of Martians and owls. (No offense to
Extropians intended!)
Our future is at stake.
--Tim May

@_date: 1992-11-25 14:23:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Electronic Banking 
Hal Finney makes some very good points about anonymous banking and
some experiments we may try in the near future.
(First let me dispose of a minor item.)
(A minor note: I ended up doing the Xeroxing for free, which hasn't
yet been declared illegal...though I presume you'll all carefully note
this on your tax returns, as such "barter exchanges" are reportable
income. In theory, which shows how hopeless tax collection is
becoming, all of our "mutual consulting" on this list, and on the Net
in general, is _taxable income_--just as if we were plumbers and carpenters
getting together to work on each other's houses. A crazy system.)
Back to the important stuff. Hal continues:
(Hal's excellent summary of Chaum's system elided)
This sounds great! (But I worry that the handful of you already doing
the programming of PGP, new versions, MacPGP, remailers, etc., will
get overloaded and/or burned out. I'd offer to help, but my
programming these days is limited to fiddling with Mathematica and a
little bit of Smalltalk and Scheme/LISP.)
And the lesson we learned from PGP 2.0 is that actually getting
_something_ out there for people to play around with is crucial.
Getting "PGDC" ("Pretty Good Digital Cash") in use will be a harder
sell than PGP deployment was, because most people don't understand the
ideas, see no real pressing need, and can't do much in any case
without an "economy" of users.
I've long thought that a "Black Market AMIX" would be one such use,
but I won't get into that here.
Warning! Recently, a bunch of bowlers (women, no less) were busted for
illegal gambling because of their "pot" they were bowling for. After
much public outcry and laughter at the authorities, the charges were
either dropped or reduced. I mention this because casual bowlers evoke
sympathy, hackers and cypherpunks do not.
We're in new territory here. The start of a new kind of economy. Lots
of experimentation and trial and error work will be needed.
Yes. And also anonymous "escrow services" which are like banks but
which serve other functions, such as holding the money in a
transaction so that Alice cannot take the money from Bob and refuse to
deliver on her side of the deal.
All of these entities must be "pseudonymous" (a clumsy word), in that
digital pseudonyms are supported (a la the work of Hughes, Finney, and
Janek Martinson) and True Names cannot be traced.
Banks, escrow services, etc. will all have "reputations" and credit
ratings (from crypto versions of Standard and Poors, themselves
operating only as a pseudonym!). All of this will evolve over time.
That's for sure. Incredibly good points being made by everyone!

@_date: 1992-11-25 17:23:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Dongles and Tamper-Resistant Modules 
Some points about the security of "crypto dongles" and other personal
security devices.
The crucial chips could be built under "open inspection" conditions,
much like having source code for inspection prior to compilation on
one's own--presumably trustworthy--machines. Several such vendors
could be used, with independent auditors observing the processing
steps throughout. (Merely the threat of a surprise inspection is
probably enough to head off obvious attempts to insert hardware
trapdoors and the like.) This seems like a solvable problem.
The issue of whether the NSA will let such devices be built is
interesting. There was the story of the "PhasorPhone," or somesuch,
from some years back, with the story that the inventor, in Seattle,
filed a patent application and got back a statement that the device
was now classified and could not be talked about (let alone marketed).
However, I've heard of no such cases recently.
Other countries have excellent wafer fab facilities and could of
course build the chips and the complete units. Whether Americans could
buy them....
Tamper-Responding Modules (TRMs)
Robert Brooks mentions using e-beam probers to read the bits out, and
various etches, etc. TRMs came up several weeks ago on this list, and
are mentioned in the Glossary posted a few days ago.
Even if the TRMs can eventually be gotten into, probably at high cost,
they will in most cases leave signs of having been opened, analyzed,
probed, etc. (that's the "responding" part of TRM). The nuclear
weapons people at Sandia and elsewhere (Russia, one now hopes) have
been dealing with the problem for several decades. Some of their work
has filtered out to the public literature.
Smartcards often have basic TRM methods applied to them.
If there's interest, I can summarize.

@_date: 1992-11-25 20:07:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Sharp Wizard as a Crypto Dongle? 
All the interesting discussion of building RS-232 crypto dongles,
notably the proposal of Yanek Martinson, remind me of the idea kicking
around of simply programming a Sharp Wizard (or Casio B.O.S.S., etc.)
to do the same function.
(And eventually much of our critical encryption will likely be done on
more powerful devices like the Apple Newton, General Magic gizmo, and
Eo thingamajig.)
These devices have several advantages:
1. Cheap. $150 or less.
2. No construction required.
3. Not likely to have trapdoors or other limits, at least not in the
hardware, or in the units you buy today at your local electronics
4. RS-232 connections for PCs, Macs, etc. (used to be as an add-on,
now often bundled with the units).
5. LCD display, keypad, etc. (some of the features Yanek was
envisioning in later models of his dongle).
6. A fairly slow CPU, but one which is well-integrated with the other
features (and which saves us the effort of designing and debugging).
7. Some have PCMCIA capabilities.
8. They can be used for other thingss when not being used as a dongle.
9. New versions of the software (e.g., PGP 3.21) can be added more
easily, I suspect, than in a custom-built RS-232 dongle.
10. It is unlikely the NSA, FBI, or Patent Office could "ban" such
devices, as they are already widely deployed. Only the specific
programs that make them act as crypto dongles would be "bannable," and
I doubt this could be enforced.
By the way, the same arguments could be applied to using cellular
telephones as the base for building/programming portable, personal
crypto devices. (An exciting talk at Hackers on mods to Oki 900
cellphones was an eye-opener.) I don't think an easy interface to
RS-232 ports exists, but I know some cellphones interface to computers
(the Oki 900 above sure did).

@_date: 1992-11-26 11:44:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks List (fwd) 
Happy Thanksgiving!
I sent the following message to the "Extropians" list, a list centered
around discussions of politics, technology, the future, "uploading,"
transhumanism, and the like. (As with our list, they can be subscribed
to with the "-request" form.
Several requests for more information about our list prompted me to
write this summary piece. Inasmuch as our existence has been
publicized in Mondo, on alt.hackers, and in various references in
messages, I felt it appropriate to tell them a few things about what
the list is about. Our address is at the very end of the article, so
there's a minor obstacle for truly casual readers to overcome.
I'm forwarding it to you folks because we've had a lot of new
subscribers ourselves, and they may like to hear some of this stuff.
I apologize to those who are getting this twice.
-Tim May
Forwarded message:
The Cypherpunks List -- A Thanksgiving Message
I guess it's time to say a few words about the "Cypherpunks" list,
which I've referred to several times in the last few months. Eric
Hughes, the list administrator and initial organizer of our first
meeting, has also mentioned the group in several places, and the
latest "Mondo 2000" actually gives the address, so the information's
pretty much out by now.
We've avoided the "cattle call" form of invitation, where public
announcements are made and subscribers flood in. But we also haven't
gone to the other extreme of requiring some puzzle to be solved (as
with posting to "alt.hackers," which usually requires some hacking of
the posting software to "get in.") Cracking a cypher is not a
requirement, though some probably think it should be.
A few points:
* The name "Cypherpunks" started out as a pun by Jude Milhon, an
editor at "Mondo 2000," when she said "You guys are just a bunch of
cypherpunks!" We initially debated calling our informal group
something more staid like "The Cryptography Research Society," partly to
protect ourselves by emphasizing the "research" aspects, but the joke
name stuck. So, like it or not, it's "Cypherpunks." It turns off some,
turns on others. C'est la vie. * Note that we have very little to do with the Gibsonesque vision of
punked-out outlaws and virtual reality escapades, though in fact some
of our members are active in Bay Area start-up companies doing VR. I
would say Vernor Vinge's "True Names" is more descriptive of what
we're doing.
* About a hundred or so folks are on the list, including some
journalists (gulp!), and even some "*.mil" sites (!!). But since what
we're doing is strictly "research," we are of course safe.
* The focus is on cryptology, anonymous remailers, hardware support,
PGP, digital cash, "dining cryptographers" nets, and so on. Too much
to recapitulate here.
* By focussing on "research" into these areas, we feel we are safe
against attack by government agencies. Time will tell. These issues of
security, privacy, remailers, digital pseudonyms, etc., are hot topics
in the crypto community, and all we are really doing is applying these
ideas and doing experiments, the better to learn. (Some of the work on
"webs" of trust in PGP systems, on issues with anonymous remailers,
and on the development of "digital reputations" lies in uncharted
territory, that is, we're doing true research.)
* Several Extropians are active on the list, as you may have gathered
from cross-posts and comments.
* Because many of the early members live in the Bay Area (Northern
California, Silicon Valley), we've had three physical meetings so far.
John Gilmore, a founder of Cygnus Support, has graciously offered his
facilities for our meetings, which typically happen on Saturday
afternoons. The schedule gets posted on the list, of course.
* Some exciting progress has already been made. Eric Hughes and Hal
Finney have implemented a PERL-scripted remailer which provides
anonymous forwarding (though the security is only "manual"), and 2-way
remailers with digital pseudonyms seem imminent. Integrating PGP into
mailers remains a problem, as those of you who use PGP already know,
and several of our members are working with the PGP and MacPGP teams.
* "Crypto dongles" to attach to RS-232 ports are being pursued by
Yanek Martinson (an Extropian as well), George Gleason, John Draper
("Cap'n Crunch"), and others. Lots of enthusiastic debate.
* FIDONet users are also involved, including Tom Jennings, the founder
of FIDONet, in 1984. This brings an exciting new flavor for most
Internetters. * Like the Extropians list, the Cypherpunks list is relatively free
from flames and personal attacks. We all realize we're interested in
roughly the same goal, even though some are Libertarians (naturally)
while others are Socialist, Marxists, and Act Up! activists.
(Interestingly, we've never had any real flames on politics. We almost
never argue political views. This may of course be alien to readers of
the Extropians list! :-} )
* So why isn't the list sent out in encrypted form? A little thought
will reveal the uselessness of encrypting a widely distributed list
that's essentially open to anyone who sends in a request! Still, there
is some talk of encrypting in the future, partly to weed out the
casual readers (for whatever reason) and partly to just get the volume
of encrypted messages up.
If you've read this far, and are really interested in joining the
list, send a request to "cypherpunks-request at toad.com". This is
standard list procedure, of course. But please don't then complain
about the list volume!
--Tim May

@_date: 1992-11-27 00:30:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) 8052-Based Crypto Engine 
I just found this is sci.crypt. It may be useful for the "crypto
dongle" folks.
--Tim May
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,comp.arch
Here is the text from a press release which landed on my desk
A new microcontroller from Philips Semiconductors-Signetics designed
for use in smart-card applications is the first to incorporate an on-chip
arithmetic unit optimized to calculate public-key cryptography
algorithms widely used in commercial transactions.
The 83C852 CMOS microcontroller can be embedded in plastic smart cards
and provides 2K bytes of on-chip EEPROM for program and data storage
accessed under control of the unit's CPU.  "The new microcontroller removes
the barrier to smart-card use in applications where data security is a
concern," said Thomas Brenner, product manager.
"There is strong interest in using smart cards, for example, in medical
insurance or remote banking transactions.  But in such applications a
high level of data security is indispensable," he said.  "Likewise
the need for secure access codes is a primary consideration for
customer-card use in the Pay TV and cellular phone markets."
The on-chip arithmetic unit running in parallel with the CPU can complete
a 512-byte calculation in less than 1.5 seconds versus more than a
minute to do the calculation in software.  This high-speed performance
makes it feasible to use highly secure and complex public-key
cryptography algorithms in everyday transactions.
Asymmetric, public-key cryptography uses one key to encrypt and another
to decrypt so that only one of the keys need be kept secret.  The other
can be freely distributed.  The method is thus highly applicable to
commercial transactions.
The 83C852 microcontroller is based on the industry-standard 8-bit
80C51 processor core and uses the same instruction set.  The circuit
incorporates 6 Kbytes of ROM and 256 bytes of RAM in addition to the
2 Kbytes of EEPROM.
The EEPROM provides automatic hardware error correction for single-bit
errors in any of the stored data bytes.  After customer software is loaded,
electronic fuses in the array can be blown to limit access to processor
fetch commands.  The address bus is mixed to provide further protection
against fraudulent access and optical scanning, and a low-frequency
detection circuit can guard against external tampering.
The new processor operates from a single 5-volt supply at clock
frequencies up to 6 MHz (1 microsecond instruction cycle).  All voltages
required during programming or erasure of the EEPROM are generated on chip.
Nonvolatile data retention is for ten years and the circuit offers an
infinite number of read cycles.  The microcontroller includes a power-on/off
reset circuit, and idle and power-down modes.
The microcontrollers can be ordered as a wafer, die on foil or in SO-28
small-outline packages.  The SO package is available for smart-card
readers and can function as an embedded security module in systems such
as restricted access computers.
Wafer and die-on-foil versions of the 83C852 smart card microcontroller
are available now at a unit price of $5.10 and $5.20 respectively in
10,000 quantites.  Units in SO-28 packages will be available in
first quarter 1993 priced at $6.85 in the same quantities.
CONTACT:  Thomas Brenner (408) 991-3552
He's with Philips-Signetics.  I have no affiliation with them, so don't
contact me about this part.  If you call Tom, be sure to tell him you
heard about the chip from MARK THORSON on USENET.  If enough people
do this, maybe they'll give me a free development system.  (On the
other hand maybe they'll tell me "Please don't post any more of our
press releases on Usenet." :-)
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP Public Key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1992-11-28 12:45:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Paranoia and Cypherpunks 
PARANOIA, THIS LIST, AND APPROPRIATE TOPICS
It is inevitable that a group such as ours should have varying
opinions about the nature of the group, its role in society, its
approach to outsiders and journalists, and its basic attitude.
Recently, several people have expressed concern that the proper
message is not being conveyed, even that a subversive and seditious
message is often presented on this list. Some have cited discussion of
military cipher systems as being too dangerous for us to discuss,
while others have expressed some discomfort at the "anarchist" flavor
of some postings.
Well, folks, we all have different axes to grind. Since this is an
open, unmoderated list, little control of content can be expected.
* Some want "cryptography" downplayed, to be replaced with "privacy"
as an emphasis. Privacy is seen as more palatable to Americans, less
likely to upset them into cracking down on crypto methods. In other
words, privacy is an easier "sell" than secrecy. Perhaps, but why dilute our focus just to make a more digestable pill
for the masses of America, who typically don't think much about
abstractions anyway? Those who want to sell "privacy" are free to.
(BTW, the die was mostly cast when the name "Cypherpunks" was
adopted. That's already raised red flags, just by the name! If we want
to downplay this "crypto-cyber-punks outlaw" image, then a name change
to something more like the "Electronic Frontier Foundation" or the
CPSR, nice, safe-sounding names.)
* Others have expressed some concern that some minor details of how
U.S. cipher machines send out padded traffic were mentioned on this
list--the fear being that discussion of military matters will invite
the scrutiny of the government. Well, check out sci.military some time
and see the debate on such issues! Also, many details of the KG-36,
KWR-37, and Autodin cipher systems--just to cite the specific military
cipher machines that the posting on this list was probably referring
to--have already been published, and the Walker spy ring delivered the
complete specs to these and other machines in the early 1980s.
It's typically only the public who lacks knowledge on these matters.
The Soviets (May They Rest in Pieces) usually got the salient details
fairly quickly.  Since ours is a crypto education group--amongst other
things--what's wrong with discussing any of the gadgets and techniques
that numerous books and other postings have already dealt with?
(Surely John Gilmore's lawsuit to get some critical crypto papers
declassified has already "angered" the folks at NSA. Are we to censure
John for stirring up trouble? Of course not. We're free individuals,
able to say what we wish, meet in secret meetings without the
permission of the government, and learn anything we wish to. This, at
least, is the theory. Until told otherwise, I intend to act on this
* Some have argued persuasively for concentrating efforts on the more
palatable (to the public at large) aspects of crypto techniques, such
as authentication to reduce forgeries, privacy protection against
illegal eavesdroppers, and so on. This is the "selling our vision to
the public" point of view.
Fine, it is good for some folks to do this, to concentrate on the
areas that are unlikely to upset Middle America.
But some of us--and you've seen my postings--believe the _selling_ of
these ideas of authentication and privacy is a lost cause, or at least
is not our main interest (e.g, it's not _my_ interest).
* I favor technological solutions over political solutions. Don't call
it sedition, call it the natural trend of new technologies. The
printing press broke the power of medieval guilds in ways a political
approach could never have done. Same with steam engines, electric
motors, incandescent light, copying machines, computers,
modems...well, you get the point.
The things we talk about on this list, the things being developed and
deployed, will have revolutionary effects. I've written about these
effects over the past several years, and this wonderful list is
pursuing them all with gusto! The anonymous remailers alone will set
off alarms throughout the law enforcement community--you're kidding
yourself if you think otherwise. Are we to stop working on anonymous
remailers? What about digital cash? Face it, what we're doing will have major implications. To not talk
about these effects, to not speculate on the possible consequences, is
to bury our heads in the sand for fear that someone reading this list
will order this list shut down or have us arrested! Yes, it's true some journalists are reading this list. Yes, it's
fairly likely someone is forwarding this list to various agencies
(this isn't paranoia...they'd be fools to not know about this list by
now, given the publicity, the reputations of some of us, etc.). I know
that some of the recipients of the list are gatewaying to other
systems, or are forwarding specific articles to much wider audiences
(I know this partly from e-mail I get). But these are all consequences
of having a public list.
Anyone uncomfortable with the free discussion of ideas and
technologies on this list, anyone who fears personal or professional
liability for views expressed by _others_ on this list, should
probably unsubscribe from the list.
I certainly don't intend to stop writing about the areas that interest
Timothy C. May | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409 | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP Public Key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1992-11-30 22:48:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: John Gilmore on CNN 
============================== START ==============================
Our own John Gilmore's fame in the NSA-tweaking community continues.
I just saw John interviewed by CNN for a report on crypto, the recent
case involving the Friedman papers, and RSA Data Security's
problems getting export licenses for its products. The piece ran on
"Headline News," and possibly on the main CNN channel as well (as is typical).
John spoke about crypto and the need for private individuals to have
secure communications, a woman from CPSR spoke about recent threats to
further limits communications privacy, and Jim Bidzos from RSA spoke
about licensing for exports. The NSA had no substantive comment.
All in all, no surprises for any of us. It was too brief, of course,
but seemed fairly done. Reports like this will gradually get the word out.
By the way, you should all check out John's excellent articles he
wrote in sci.crypt about the declassification of the Friedman papers.
If you don't have Usenet access, I'll mail them to the first several
people who request them. (I'd just post them here, but John's in Japan and
I can't get his permission.)

@_date: 1992-10-14 11:06:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Some (Pseudo)Random Thoughts 
Some thoughts on the recent meetings and what we're doing:
1. The importance of trading physical goods in the Crypto Anarchy
This, in my view, has been given undue and misleading importance.
Physical goods are inherently easy to trace through remailers (via
sniffers, radioactive tracers, weight of packages, and many other
physical cues), are hard to store physically (imagine getting 100
parcels for later remailing), and, most importantly, have none of the
"envelope within envelope within...." protection accorded to the bits
of a cryptographic remailing, or DC-Net, system! The elegance of
cryptographic protocols is lost with physical goods.
Furthermore, physical delivery of any good, whether drugs, stolen
missile components, antiquities and art items, whatever, is
fundamentally a hard problem to solve...smugglers and thieves have
been dealing this since the beginning of time. Stings can be easily
arranged, delivery is not anonymous (one merely watches who takes
delivery, or who opens a train station locker, etc....this is all SOP
for narcs and counterespionage types), and a raid on a remailing
entity will result in confiscation of the physical goods and (likely)
prosecution of those caught holding the stuff. (Raiding a bit
remailing entity produces only random-appearing bits...granted, the
authorities may well outlaw bit remailing, or use the RICO and
conspiracy/sedition laws to prosecute, but that's another topic.)
Our recent emphasis on physical goods, and all the ideas pouring in on
what other kinds of "contraband" besides drugs can be used, is
misleading. None of the richness of the cryptographic world is
faithfully preserved. I urge we get back to our roots and deal only
with things that can be expressed purely in bit form. 2. The "colonization of cyberspace" does not mean there is no
interaction with the physical world, of course. But that interaction
can be mediated with money made by converting information or digital
money into physical money. Several methods for this conversion path
can be considered:
-Alice sells information in the cyberspace domain for the equivalent
of, say, $30,000. She converts this to "real" dollars by using an
escrow entity which hold both sides of the transaction until it's
completed. They then mail the information to the purchaser and send an
ordinary check "for services rendered" to Alice for $30K. She reports
it on her taxes, probably as a "consulting fee" (for which essentially
no government supervision currently exists, nor is likely to....), and
the conversion has taken place.  (Note: there are still elements of
trust involved, notably involving the escrow agent, but trust works
pretty well for many things, especially when reputations are at
stake. Understanding how real businesses depend on reputations is a
missing part of modern cryptology analyses of transactions...the
protocol analyzers and number theorists almost never take into account
how reputations work in the real world, But I digress.)
-Alice and Bob trade information such that Bob gets the information
worth about $30K, as above, and Alice gets another piece of
information she can use in the "real world" that is worth about $30K.
This might be stock tips, or, better, information she can turn around
and sell in the "open market" of a service like AMIX!  There are lots
of wrinkles, inefficiencies, etc., to be worked out.
-And then there is digital money. You all know about this, or should.
David Chaum, DigiCash, blinded notes, credentials, etc. The handout
for the first meeting had a glossary of terms. (IMHO, we should be
spending more of our time at our meeting discussing this, and less in
playing more interations of the Game.)
The fascinating novel "Snow Crash," by Neil Stephenson, makes a
mistake in having Hiro Protagonist a very wealthy man in the Metaverse
(Stephenson's term for the virtual reality cyberspace) but a very poor
man in the Real World. Information _is_ money. Information is liquid,
flows across borders, and is generally convertible into real money.
(One simple conversion strategy, alluded to above, is for Alice to
sell her information for, say, $500K, and then to receive a
"consulting contract," perhaps called a "retainer," of $50K a year for
the next 20 years. Her retainer is fully legal, is perhaps handled
through cut-outs who specialize in this kind of thing, and is a
low-risk way to "launder" money from cyberspace into the real world. I
have a lot more to say on these schemes, perhaps later.)
3. Are we emphasizing "The Game" too much?
If the goal is to produce a paper-based game, similar to "Monopoly" or
fantasy role-playing games, then I suppose more practice is needed.
But I'm not sure how worthwhile it is to try to design such a game.
(Those who wish to should do so, then commercialize it, and become the
Avalon Hill of crypto games!)
If the goal is educational, for newly interested folks, then I also
question how much more effort should be put into it. The ideas of
anonymous remailers, of digital money, etc., are, I think, gotten
across in the first 60 minutes of the game, especially if some of the
formalism is first explained (as it was at the first game, where
digital mixes, tamper-resistand modules for implementing mixes, the
"Dining Cryptographers Protocol," and digital money had all been
freshly covered, so participants were putting the theory to test).
I found the first game was instructive, the second much less so (and
_not_ because of the focus on drug selling...that was a relatively
minor issue). My impression is that many of the newcomers--and they
should jump in here with their own reactions (too bad we don't have
hypertext links!)--didn't really know how remailing mixes work, how
digital psueodnyms can protect privacy in transactions, and how the
"Game" was intended to exercise these concepts.
4. We need to talk about the charter or purpose of the "Cypherpunks"
or "Cryptology Amateurs for Social Irresponsibility" (CASI--Eric
Hughes's term) group.
-Is it mostly educational?
-Is it a lobbying group, as are EFF, CPSR, and the like?
-Is it to produce remailers, digital money, and other programming?
-Is it subversive?
Now clearly we can't say it's subversive (any bets on who's gatewaying
these messages to Other Listeners?). But we also don't want to skew
things toward "YALG" (Yet Another Lobbying Group), nor do we want to
be a spoon-feeding educational group for people with a casual (and
transient) interest in crypto stuff.
5. There have have been several messages so far about worries about
the legal implications of these topics, about how some
corporate-affiliated subscribers will desubscribe "real fast" if
certain discussion trends continue, and so on. Now we can't please
everybody, but maybe we ought to talk about this sensitive issue soon,
and _in person_.
Since it relates to our charter, Point 4 above, I recommend we do this
at our next meeting. I'd favor that over another iteration of the
In conclusion, we are in at the beginning of Something Big. While I'm
somewhat skeptical about the claims for things like nanotech, I see
this whole cyberspace/cryptology/digital money/transnationalism ball of
wax being _much_ easier to implement. Networks are multiplying beyond
any hope of government control, bandwidths are skyrocketing, CPUs are
putting awesome power on our desktops, PGP is generating incredible
interest, and social trends are making the time right for crypto
I look forward to hearing your views.
Timothy C. May | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409 | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP 2.0 and MailSafe keys by arrangement.

@_date: 1992-10-20 15:27:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TEMPEST, Eavesdropping, and PDAs 
Eric Hughes posted a nice summary of the TEMPEST situation
(interception of RF for eavesdropping on computers). I'll just add a
few comments.
And the NSA has reportedly restricted several papers on this, though
they can't do much about the stuff coming from abroad. Their chief
concern doesn't seem to be folks like us, but rather concerns about
vans parking outside high tech and defense contractors and slurping up
what they can from non-TEMPEST (all caps, for some reason) terminals
and computers.
And someone asked about building Faraday cages. Don't even try! In
1972-3 I worked inside a Faraday cage in the lab of Dr. Paul Hansma
(who's now famous for his atomic force microscope work--small world),
and it was real tough to shield against high frequencies (above 500
MHz). Modern computers run at 50MHz and faster and the signal edges
are of course much faster. RF emissions are a major hassle, and even
30 dB of shielding will still mean enough emissions for a dedicated
listener to pick up.
BTW, I have one of the original magnesium-cased, bubble-memoried GRiD
Compasses. Tres elegant (and even "way cool"....Not! It heats up
something fierce, with the magnesium case acting as a heat sink). (I
got this at Weird Stuff Warehouse, complete with a magnesium-cased
disk drive, cables, etc., for $250. Fully functional, but not a lot of
software written for "GRiD-OS." Maybe I'll bring it to the next
Cypherpunks meeting.)
Ditto on this book recommendation: all would-be cypherpunks should
read James Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace." Though published in 1982, it
revealed a lot about such "No Such Agency," so much so that the
director of NSA, upon encountering Bamford at a dinner, refused to
shake his hand and said "Sir, I consider you an unindicted felon!"
I think the longterm solution to this problem is the same as that for
the key problem: small, highly portable, self-contained computers for
doing the most sensitive work and for providing passwords to remote
systems. Smartcards are one approach, though they obviously are highly
constrained in what they can do other than act as ATM or VISA cards.
(Laptops are one idea. Following Eric's suggestion that we look into
TEMPEST issues, perhaps we could "rate" different laptops and PCs for
emissions. Just a thought.)
Apple's "Newton" PDA ("Personal Digital Assistant"), General Magic's
whatever (talk to Fen L., who works there, but who won't say much),
Eo's Hobbit-based PDA, and other systems (Sharp, Casio, etc.), offer a
better platform, at least for the long term. With 100 MIPS
performance, LCD screens, and no dangling keyboards and cables, these
gizmos should be favorably positioned for security-conscious
applications. RF emissions should be low to begin with (and can be
characterized, of course); additional shielding should be easier to
achieve than with full-sized units.
PDAs also are small enough that people will carry them everywhere,
thus both enhancing security against tampering, and also making them
workhorses for security applications. With a good interface to desktop
machines, the critical security functions can be done inside the PDA
(e.g., accessing a terminal or remote system using zero knowledge
protocols, where the PDA answers a challenge question without
revealing the actual password or whatever secret key). The announced
PDAs also have slots for "PCMCIA" cards, small credit-card-sized cards
that can add functionality and memory.
The lack of a keyboard in the smallest of these units will be a limit
(though external keyboards are options...and with some care, these
keyboards can even be made TEMPEST class, though leakage will still
persist. A battery-operated keyboard with fiber-optic link to the PDA
might be one approach.). The issue of hooking these PDAs to desktop machines and networks is an
interestesting one. Wirless links would seem to be risky, except that
if all critical computations are done _inside_ the PDA then what gets
transmitted is not really "fragile" (in the eavesdropping sense). I
suspect that someone will offer a small fiber optic link (like the one
I have going between my CD player and my DAT machine).
And it will be a couple of years before these become common. But it's
about 2-3 years from now that our mission gets really interesting,
anyway. Digital money, anonymous voting and conferences (imagine using
wireless, encrypted links in meetings to negotiate without opponents
knowing..just one of several small business product niches), and all
kind of other crypto anarchy ideas.
PGP 3.0 for PDAs!

@_date: 1992-10-20 17:15:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: another service 
Bellcore is offering some form of this service, or plans to. Stuart
Haber, one of the codevelopers, described this at last year's Hackers
Conference and presented a paper at the Crypto '90 conference, or
possibly the Crypto '91. (I have a Xerox of the paper someplace and
may be able to dig it up if you're interested)

@_date: 1992-10-25 20:10:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Registering Keys with Big Brother 
Arise, cypherpunks, evil plans are brewing in the bowels of the Beast!
I just read a summary of influential crypto guru Dorothy Denning's
talk at the recent 15th National Computer Security Conference (held in
Baltimore, don't you know, so con-vee-nient to Fort Meade). See the
recent RISKS articles in comp.risks (esp. 13.86). Since RISKS is copyrighted, and we wouldn't to do anything to make the
lawscums unhappy, I'll summarize:
* Denning proposes that anyone using public key encryption over public
networks be required to register their private keys with, for example,
the Justice Department.
* To avoid the risks of someone else getting the key, she suggests the
private keys could be encrypted with the _public key_ of Justice, and
then held by an independent agency. (Ostensibly, the encryption and
registration could be done by the user himself, though some means of
verifying compliance would have to be devised.)
* To make use of the private key (for example, to read e-mail
encrypted with the key), the government would have to get a court
order, present it to the independent agency, take the key back to
Justice, decrypt it with the private key of Justice, and then proceed
with their surveillance and whatnot.
This is ostensibly like the procedure for wiretapping.
However, it would screw up the use of encryption in many ways.
Registering a key would precluded frequent key changes, would probably
cost some fee (on the order of $50, like a driver's license, I'd
guess), and would of course greatly complicate the use of digital
pseudonyms and all the other neat stuff we've talked about (but which
caution tells me not to discuss here on an open and unsecured
list...you can check my .sig to see where I stand, of course).
My hunch is that Denning and the other "quaint" (cf. Sterling's "The
Hacker Crackdown" for a description of how the crypto bigwigs interact
with hackers at CFP and elsewhere) cryptheads have alerted the
government to the _real_ threat of cryto tools. Position papers are
being released as trial balloons, to prepare the way for a "Crypto
I hope I'm wrong. We need more information. Let's talk to someone who
went to this conference and get the Proceedings as quickly as
Cryptically Yours,

@_date: 1992-10-25 23:32:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Alpha Particles and One Time Pads 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
Here's a posting I just sent to sci.crypt, dealing with using alpha
particle sources as noise sources for generating one-time pads.
Ordinarily I wouldn't bother you folks with this, especially since
you're all reading sci.crypt (aren't you? Only the FidoNetters have a
good excuse not to.).
But this thread ties together two aspects of my life, cryptography and
alpha particle errors in chips. Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
X-Newsreader: Tin 1.1 PL5
: The recent post on building a random number generator using a zener diode got
: me to thinking once again about commercial alternatives.
: : I haven't seen any commercial alternatives discussed here recently. And since
: the market is so specialized, they may well exist but I'm simply not aware of
: them.
: : The ideal product would have the following features:
: : 	* cost less than $100
: 	* use a radioactive Alpha ray emitter as the source
It's a small world! In my earlier incarnation as a physicist for
Intel, I discovered the alpha particle "soft error" effect in memory
chips. By 1976 chips, especially dynamic RAMs, were storing less than
half a million electrons as the difference between a "1" and a "0". A
several MeV alpha could generate more than a million electron-hole
pairs, thus flipping some bits.  (Obviously the effect of alphas on particle detectors was
known, and smoke detectors were in wide use, but nobody prior to 1977
knew that memory bits could be flipped by alphas, coming from uranium
and thorium in the package materials. It's a long story, so I won't
say any more about it here.)
: 	* connect to an IBM PC serial or parallel port
: 	* be "dongle" sized, ie be able to plug directly onto the port, and
: 		not have a cable from an external box to the port
: 	* be powered directly from the port
: 	* generate at least 1000 "highly random" bits per second
This should be feasible by placing a small (sub-microcurie) amount of
Americium-241 on a small DRAM chip that is known to be alpha-sensitive
(and not all of them are, due to processing tricks). Errors would
occur at random intervals, depending on which bits got hit. Getting
1000 errors a second would be tough, though, as such high intensities
would also tend to eventually destroy the chip (through longterm
damage to the silicon, threshold voltage shifts, etc.). If you really
want to pursue this seriously, I can help with the calculations, etc.
: Details:
: : Certainly in high volume these things can be made cheaply. Smoke detectors
: often sell for under $10, and have a radioactive source, an IC, a case, etc.
Yes, but smoke detectors use ionization in a chamber (the smoke from a
fire makes ionization easier). That is, no real ICs. But ICs, and even
RAM chips, are cheap, so your $10 figure is almost certainly in the ballpark.
A bigger concern is safety, or the _perceived_ safety. Smoke detectors
have, I understand, moved away from alpha particle-based detectors to
photoelectric detectors (smoke obscures beam of light). Don't
underestimate the public's fear of radioactivity, even at low levels.
: Using a well-designed circuit based on Alpha decay should mean that the
: randomness is pretty darn good.
But not necessarily any better than noise from a Zener. With the
higher bit rate from diode noise, more statistical tricks can be done.
The relatively low bit rate from alpha decay gives less flexibility.
On the other hand, alpha hits are undeniably quite random, with
essentially no way to skew the odds  (unlike with diode noise).
: Everyone these days has either a serial or parallel port available, either
: directly or thru a switch box.
: : The tiny "dongle" size is a convenience. If it is small and powered directly
: from the port, there are no cables to get in the way. There is enough power
: available from the signal lines on these ports to power simple devices. E.g.
: most mice don't require an external power supply.
: : For most applications 1000 bits per second should be adequate. For example,
: it would be quite adequate for session keys. For generating pseudo
: one-time-pads, an overnight run should generate plenty of values. Continuously
: generating values for a month would produce about 300 MB, which should be
: enough to exchange new CD-ROM key disks once a month.
One time pads are complicated to use. Only very high security
applications that can also afford them use them. For example, some
diplomatic traffic. I can't conceive of a case where 300 MB a month
could be used. And _theft_ (or copying) of the CD-ROM one time pads has got to be a
much bigger issue that whether alpha particle noise sources are better
than diode noise sources! By about 10 orders of magnitude I would say.
Black bag jobs on the sites holding the keys will be the likeliest
attack, not trying to analyze how random the noise is (even a fairly
crummy noise source will not yield enough information to a
cryptanalyst trying to break a one-time pad).
Having said all this, I'm glad you gave some thought to alphas. For a
time in the late 1970s this was the chip industry's number one
headache...it was definitely the most exciting time of my life.

@_date: 1992-10-26 11:22:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) A Trial Balloon to Ban Encryption? 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
I have rewritten my posting on Denning's proposal and posted it to
sci.crypt, for wider discussion. I'm surprised the sci.crypt folks had
not already the significance. You might want to consider debating the
issue there, rather than on this list, as your words will then be
heard by more folks and could mobilize an effort against proposal like
this one of Denning's.
Cryptically your,
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
X-Newsreader: Tin 1.1 PL5
Is there a trial balloon being floated to effectively ban encryption?
Noted and influential influential crypto advisor Dorothy Denning has
apparently floated the idea of _public key registration_ in a paper or
talk at the 15th Computer Security Conference in Baltimore, held
recently. Discussion of this is in comp.risks ("RISKS"), so far, but
certainly belongs in this group.
I posted a summary of this position to a private mailing list devoted
to crypto issues and got a huge response of concerned folks. I don't
understand why this is not a hot topic on sci.crypt, so I'll post
something right now.
Here's my understanding of her proposal:
* Anyone using public key cryptography would be required to register
the private key with the appropriate authorities, for example, the
Justice Department.
* To head off the obvious concerns about the government routinely
reading e-mail, financial dealings, etc., this registered key would be
stored at an independent agency after first being encrypted with the
_public key_ of Justice. (That is, the independent key storage agency
would have an unusable key, so _they_ couldn't use it themselves.)
* To obtain a usable form of the private key, Justice would have to
get a valid court order, go to the independent storage agency, present
the order, pick up the key, open it with their own _private key_, and
proceed to open mail, read communications, etc.
This is ostensibly the procedure now used for wiretaps.
But the effect on encryption would be chilling:
-would greatly complicate the rapid changing of keys
-would probably be a way to get "unlicensed" crypto programs off the
market (e.g., don't think about using PGP 2.0, as the key registration
authorities would either insist on another algorithm, or would send
the "registration application" to, for example, RSA Data Security for
legal action)
-would undoubtedly require a "fee" (like a driver's license)
-would interfere with the use of digital pseudonyms, anonymous nets (a
la Chaum's "DC Net" proposal, which some of us are exploring now), and
digital money
-would establish the precedent that private communications are not
legal, that copies of all private communications must be placed in
escrow with the government
Registering keys is no different than, for example, requiring a permit
for every public utterance or for registering typewriters, modems,
computers, fax machines, and copiers. Or banning the use of sealed
envelopes for mail. In Phil Zimmerman's great words, it would be like
requiring all mail to be sent on postcards.
My suspicion, which Prof. Denning will presumably comment on if she's
reading this, is that the government folks have come to understand the
profound implications of modern crypto and are looking for approaches
to head off the coming sea changes. Granted, there are serious
national security threats in using modern crypto methods, but there
are in any of the new technologies, such as those listed above.
Besides, does anyone think all keys will be registered? Hiding bits is
a relatively easy thing to do.
This key registration proposal is more odious than the "backdoors in
telecom equipment" proposal discussed here recently.
Can we remain silent as our liberties are taken away?
I think it was John Gilmore who said: "If encryption is outlawed, only
outlaws will have encryption."

@_date: 1992-10-27 13:26:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Hackers Conference--Crypto Session 
Glenn Tenney, chairman of the Hackers Conference, has asked me to help
put together the crypto session at the Conference next week (6-8
November, Lake Tahoe). I of course agreed....our correspondence is
attached below. Sorry if I left off your name in my comments to Glenn
...it seems sometimes that nearly everyone I know has some interest in
crypology, privacy, cyberspace, AND is going to Hackers! For those not
going to Hackers this year, I'd still like your inputs, and I'll write
up some kind of update after it's over, so you'll get some feedback on
your ideas.
This growing interest in cryptology and the protection of
privacy--fanned by the availability of PGP 2.0, the books and articles
on hackers and crackdowns by the Feds, the activities of the EFF and
CPSR, and by our very own "Cypherpunks" crypto group--should make for
an extremely interesting time at Hackers this year.
Just about every year at Hackers there's a de facto theme. One year it
was hypertext (and Xanadu got started when John Walker of Autodesk met
Ted Nelson, Mark Miller, Roger Gregory, and others at Hackers in
1987), another year it was multimedia. Last year it was effectively
the EFF, and so on. My hunch is that this year the de facto theme
_could_ turn out to be crypto tools and digital protection of privacy.
In addition to our session, there will be discussions of wireless
communication, the work of the EFF, and a Sunday discussion of these
critical issues. These will all fit nicely with our own session.
Our session is in "prime time," mid-Saturday afternoon, tentatively
(you all know how schedules change!), and is one of the "no
competitors" tracks, so attendance should be very high. Accordingly,
some premium should be placed on organization, to maximize the
information flow. Too many people for the "circle discussion" that
worked so well at last year's nanotechnology session (run by Ted
Kaehler), so we need to figure out a good format.
So give me your inputs! (Also, I think we should get togther
informally Friday to bounce ideas around, the better to make the
session on Saturday richer and more exciting. I'll let you know in the
next several days what we decide, and where we'll meet.)
* What topics need to be discussed the most? * What format? Panel discussion? A series of mini-lectures on the
various topics? Free-for-all discussion? (Remember that we'll probably
be in a big room, with perhaps as many as 100-150 attendees.)
* Some ideas for topics (which I'll add to as people make
- A very brief review of modern cryptology (very brief because we need
to move on quickly to the juicy stuff), including snapshot summaries
of encryption, RSA (but no number theory!), anonymous mail, digital
cash, etc. (Too many crypto panels spend the entire time bringing
people up to speed on what prime numbers are, on how one-time pads are
used, and so on. I favor giving people a good glimpse of the
"exciting" stuff--anonymous mail, digital pseudonyms, information
markets, dining cryptographers protocols, etc.--and then letting them
go back and fill in the background. Give 'em a glimpse of the Promised
Land.) - The uses of digital remailers to protect privacy, and progress on
building them (a brief summary)
- Possible summary of the "Crypto Anarchy Game" we've been
experimenting with here in our Cypherpunks group (Note: we could
describe it briefly and then invite folks to play it later that
evening, perhaps around midnight)
- PGP 2.0...what it is, how to get it, and how to use it
- Proposed legislation for trapdoors in telephone equipment, and the
possibility that crypto keys may be placed under strict controls (a la
my recent post on Dorothy Denning's latest trial balloon)
- What we can do about these trends, what we as hackers can do to
protect our privacy. Things like: deploying encrypted e-mail as
quickly as possible, using digital pseuodonyms, deploying "mixes,"
arguing for basic constitutional protections, etc.
Ideally, people will get so worked up and excited that the rest of the
Conference will be buzzing about these issues!
Here's Glenn's message to me and my acceptance:
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP 2.0 and MailSafe keys by arrangement.

@_date: 1992-10-27 20:06:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Messages in the Least Significant Bits 
Here's a message I just posted to another mailing list. It has rather
strict policies against cross-posting, so I've edited out the headers
and the initial chunk of text I quoted. That should make me kosher.
(This topic also came up in some e-mail with George Gleason.)
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1992-10-27 23:23:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: One-time pads and DC Nets 
"Nobody" writes about the dining cryptographers protocol.
We talked about it at length at our first face-to-face meeting, but
the subject has barely come up on this list. People should read the
Chaum articles in the handout, and the excellent tutorial by Jurgen
Bos, also in the handout. It is truly exciting stuff, much more so
than the usual "classical cryptography" that we mostly talk about here
on this list.
Part of my great concern about the public key registration proposal is
that it will, if enforced, kill off many of these approaches that rely
on dynamically changing keys and digital pseudonyms.
If there's interest out there in the DC Net approach that "Nobody" so
nicely summarized, I'll forward some articles I wrote a while back for
another list.

@_date: 1992-10-28 18:24:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Registering "Assault Keys" 
Things have gotten truly exciting. The posting I made alerting
sci.crypt readers to the plans of the Crypto Establishment has
generated something close to a hundred responses! And lots of private
mail for me (moral support, questions, etc.).
Dorothy Denning, in what writer correctly called a "spirited defense"
of her proposal, acknowledged the truth of my posting and then went on
to embellish her plan. I urge you all to read her well-written
comments, if only to see how the Establishment views crypto
Several members of this list have also written cogent comments.
My latest article is included below, for those of you who may not have
Net access.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,comp.org.eff.talk,alt.privacy,talk.politics.guns
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
X-Newsreader: Tin 1.1 PL5
Registering "Assault Keys" -- How the Proposal to Register Encryption
Keys Has Ominous Parallels to Gun Control
The recent proposal that encryption keys be registered with the
government has some natural and terrifying implications. (For those to
whom this proposal is new, strange, or disturbing, please see the
debate raging mainly in the newsgroup "sci.crypt".)
Once the principle is established that private communications,
letters, faxes, modem transmissions, etc. must be in a form
readable--under court order, as Dorothy Denning's proposal goes--by
the government, and that "public key encryption" keys must be
registered with the authorities, then we can expect the following:
* _Classes_ of encryption keys, with some especially strong (in a
cryptograhic sense) keys being declared "assault keys," just as
certain classes of semiautomatic rifles have been branded "assault
weapons" and subjected to media villification and even confiscation by
the authorities. In analogy with firearms, there may be "Class 1"
dealers in "dangerous" keys.
* There may even be _bans_ on the registration (and hence use) of
certain classes of algorithms and key lengths. For example,
"civilians" may be allowed to use DES, but not RSA. Or the key length
may be restricted in various ways.
* Strict controls over the types of algorithms allowed. After all,
what use will a key be if the government can't run the algorithm?
This, by the way, will be another way to control the spread of
encryption technology: if only licensed, inspected, and approved
algorithms are acceptable to the key registration authorities,
innovation and experimentation will suffer. This may make RSA Data
Security, Inc., very happy, as it may get the "franchise," while users
of bootleg/contraband/experimental algorithms like PGP 2.0 ("Pretty
Good Privacy") face severe sanctions.
* Spot checks will have to be done to ensure compliance. This may be
done in various ways, such as by randomly checking bitstreams and
demanding the sender open the message. (Note: Many have posted that
this would not be possible. Untrue. The Rehnquist Supreme Court ruled
a couple of years ago that the police could enter a bus and ask the
passengers to "voluntarily" accept a search of their baggage. Failure
to volunteer, so reasoned the court, constituted probable cause for a
search! "Catch-22" meets "1984.")
* The penalties for noncompliance, or for hiding encrypted messages
inside other messages, will likely be severe, else widespread civil
disobedience and claims of "ignorance" will result. (Personally, I
_expect_ widespread noncompliance. Many people will even flaunt their
noncompliance, encrypting truly innocuous messages that few courts,
they will hope, will convict them for. Here in California, the
noncompliance rate for registration of those evil "assault weapons" is
estimated to be as high as 80%.)
(My best guess is that the "RICO" (Racketeer-Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act) and civil forfeiture approaches will be used to
simply seize the equipment of anyonone caught sending messages without
the suitable seals of approval. Such seizures, used with suspected gun
sellers, suspected X-rated video sellers, suspected drug dealers. and
so on, have had a profoundly chilling effect.)
* A registration system, even if well-intentioned and secured against
casual government snooping (and some of the multi-party escrow systems
may help do this), will still _greatly complicate_ the use of encryption
and will forestall certain very exciting applications of cryptology.
Many of the new proposals, for things like anonymous credentials to
protect privacy, for digital cash, and for cryptographic voting
systems, essentially require the _dynamic_ generation of keys! That
is, keys are generated frequently as part of the protocols...there is
not single static "public key" that one generates once and then takes
down to the crypto equivalent of the DMV for registration.
* As with guns, true criminals will of course ignore these laws.
Computer networks are already being used for messages that evade
wiretaps (as one example, a Mafia guy in New Jersey, on the run, used a
well-known computer service to communicate untraceably with his wife),
that are used for laundering information and money, and so on. Taking
encryption away from citizens will do nothing.
I urge readers to get involved in this debate.
"If encryption is outlawed, only outlaws--and the NSA--will have encryption."

@_date: 1992-10-28 19:42:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: National Security Agency 
Cypherpunks of the world, encrypt!
Enclosed below is a posting I made to debunk Denning's claim that the
proposed key registration is needed to thwart criminals.
P.S. I still need more comments on how the Hackers session on crypto
should go. I've gotten some good private e-mail, but little debate
here on the list itself.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,comp.org.eff.talk,alt.conspiracy
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
X-Newsreader: Tin 1.1 PL5
Some comments about the National Security Agency (NSA) and why it
wants to restrict wide use of encryption.
: Now it's my turn to go out on a limb.  I believe that all the parti-
: cipants in this discussion would agree that: When the Government
: can show, through legitimately obtained evidence, that a particular
: encrypted communication relates to a crime, then they can, after
: the fact, subpoena the plaintext of that communication.  What
: most of us object to is having to yield the keys before the fact.
Agreed. The current procedure for subpoenaing documents works fairly
But Prof. Denning's comments clearly indicate the concern is with
catching terrorists, kidnappers, subversives, and other such types _in
the planning stage_. That is, wiretapping and surveillance.
And I'll got out on a limb, too. My suspicion, and that of many
others, is that the case of the FBI catching terrorists before the act
in the U.S. (and there's a well-known case of a Japanese Red Army
terrorist caught in the Midwest several years ago) reveals the sources
the FBI uses. The NSA is the likely source. Only the NSA listening in
on millions of telephone conversations (not banned by any law...the
laws you hear about on wiretapping and surveillance mostly deal with
the FBI, law enforcement, and, supposedly, the CIA. The NSA is almost
completely exempt from such laws.).
If you haven't yet read James Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace," run out
and get a copy and read it. You'll see why former DIRNSA General Odom
called Bamford "an unindicted felon." (Why in the eyes of the National
Security Establishment, that is.)
SIGINT OPERATION MINARET, begun in 1969 when Nixon declared the "War
on Drugs," brought the NSA together with the FBI, CIA, BNDD (Bureau of
Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs, precursor to DEA) to launch a series of
new surveillance programs. In May 1970 the NSA extended routine
surveillance to _pay phones_ in suspect areas (sound familiar, with
the Digital Telephony Bill?). The release of the Pentagon Papers in
1971 revealed the extent of FBI and NSA elsur (electronic
surveillance) on U.S. citizens.
OPERATION SHAMROCK goes back even further. Beginning in 1945, the FBI
and NSA (its precursors, actually, such as Army Signal Corps, etc.)
cooperated to monitor dissidents, radicals, authors, etc. It was not
until October 1973 that about-to-be-fired Attorney General Elliot
Richardson (now fighting for INSLAW in a very similar case, which
Prof. Denning ought to read about) ordered the FBI and the CIA's
"Security Service" (aptly named SS) to stop requesting NSA
surveillance material. In 1977 the Justice Department recommended
against prosecution of the FBI and NSA employees engaged in Shamrock
and Minaret.
Few Americans understand how pervasive is the NSA's listening system.
COINTELPRO, Huston Plan, RCA Global (provided copied of all telegrams
for 40 years!), FINCEN, and so many other keywords! Huge antennas in
West Virginia, in Idaho, and elsewhere (mostly located near major
satellite downlinks). Read Bamford's book. Then be afraid....be _very_
Understand that there are virtually no laws governing the NSA's
surveillance of fax machines, modems, the Internet (including all of
these postings, obviously), voice phones, telex and TWX, and on and
on. Because of the "national security" role, wide lattitude is given. No doubt some criminal plans are uncovered. The NSA detected, it has
been admitted, the planned bombing of the Berlin discotheque that led to
the '86 raid on Libya. (However, the bombing still occurred...draw your
own conclusions.) But is it worth the price?
Now there is talk of using the NSA's formidable listening abilities
for economic espionage against our economic opponents! Is it any wonder the NSA is scared sh..less over the spread of secure
and untappable communications systems?
Be afraid, be _very_ afraid.

@_date: 1992-10-30 15:23:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why I Don't Use PGP 
Why I Don't Use PGP -- The Top 10 Reasons (from the David Lettercrypt
(...drum roll...)
10. Because I use a Mac and the Mac version is not out yet.
9. Because the Mac version may NEVER be out.
8. Because my old IBM PC won't read the 3.5" diskettes my Mac puts
7. Because downloading encrypted files with ZMODEM, writing them to
DOS format (with Apple File Exchange), hauling out my Toshiba 1000SE
laptop and firing it up, loading the 3.5" diskette, and then running
PGP takes 5 minutes per message.
6. Because after doing all of the above, I usually get "This is not a
PGP file," due to some obscure mistranslation somewhere along the way.
5. Because I barely have the time to read and respond to my ordinary
e-mail, let alone decrypt mail, respond (on my DOS machine), and then
reverse the above procedure.
4. Because I'm not yet convinced it is needed. It will be someday, but
not for right now. (Getting PGP volume up is a great idea...it's the
actual decryption that's a pain. Maybe we ought to send dummy
3. Because ideally our mailers should handle this in a push-button way
(I know about the security flaws in having a nonlocal host machine,
such as my NETCOM host, do the PGP procedure...I am hoping that
someone will write something that transparently "reaches down" into my
machine and triggers the computation locally on my machine--and I need
a Mac version, of course. Probably an off-line Newsreader for the Mac,
like Nuntius, is needed.)
2. Because I don't give out my PGP key (generated on my Toshiba) to
all of those who have e-mailed me about it (especially in the wake of
my postings about the Denning proposal). The last thing I want is more
e-mail from people I've never met, sending me their encrypted secrets
of the universe.
(...and the Number One reason I don't use PGP?.....)
1. Because computers were supposed to make my life easier, and they
haven't. Well, that's enough reasons. I guess I'm just lazy, or have higher
priorities than to spend 5 frustrating minutes per mail message.
Ironically, I'm not alone. I have heard that even Phil Zimmerman lets
his PGP-encrypted messages pile up in his incoming mail, due to the
As Eric Hughes has noted, it is precisely this pain that will cause
improvements to be made.

@_date: 1992-10-30 15:53:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Copies of Crypt Handout and RSA FAQ 
Some people on this list picked up on my mention of the 60-page
handout distributed at our first meeting (9-19-92) and have asked
about getting copies.
I've distributed all the copies I made before, but may be willing to
make more. The problem is cost and time: each copy costs me about
$2.00 and there are more than 100 people on this list. Any ideas?
I also have a fresh copy of RSA's 52-page FAQ (which is also available
by ftp, but many folks have had problems printing it). The same
calculation applies.
Whatever the solution, I will only make one "copy run," as I don't
want to be a document distribution service on a continuing basis.
Until a solution appears, PLEASE DO NOT SEND ME REQUESTS, MONEY, ETC.
BTW, this applies to PGP 2.0 diskettes as well. I just mailed a
diskette to someone who'd been unable to get the ftp'ed version. (And
my diskette came from someone on this list, too...thanks!) I didn't
ask for postage or diskette fees, but I clearly can't do this with
dozens of folks. And yet it seems we ought to find a way to do this.
One idea is to put our ideas into practice by having some kind of
"escrow service" which holds deposited money (small amounts, given the
items discussed here) and which can be used to buy small items, with
payments handled electronically (ultimately settled with actual
checks, of course). This could get out of hand, of course, so it's
just an idea. Any comments?
P.S. And don't forget to make your suggestions on the Crypto session
at Hackers. I'll be issuing a status report soon.

@_date: 1992-10-31 13:45:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why I Don't Use PGP... 
I'm impressed. Maybe in 2-3 months this'll all shake out a bit, with a
Mac version (rumored to be in beta), more "push-button" PGP systems,
By the way, Tom has generously agreed to talk about PGP, mailers,
FidoNet, etc., at our Crypto session at Hackers. (I'll be sending out
a more complete status report soon.)
(Also, I have changed the last line of my .sig to reflect my current
unwillingness to mail my PGP key to all of those who are asking for
it. Hopefully this will soon change.)

@_date: 1992-10-31 14:04:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why I Don't Use PGP... 
Hal Finney, Tom Jennings, Eric Hughes, and others are working on
solutions to the "ease of use" problems I cited in my posting.
This is a major drag, destroying the feedback loop of reading mail and
responding to it immediately. And, as Hal alludes to, it requires
extra stuff, like PERL scripts, which complicate matters.
Here's hoping. Several people claim to be working on a real Mac port.
(I thought the idea someone had of doing it inside a HyperCard stack
was a good one..HyperCard supports a CLI and so could run PGP, and
HyperCard newsreaders exist, so in perhaps the two could be united.)
Zimmerman's PGP has spurred people to think about the many practical
issues of P-K crypto...authentication systems, keyrings, user
interfaces, and so on. This alone is a major step forward.

@_date: 1992-09-23 13:25:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: KPFA interview went well 
This is my first test of this list...hope it works...and a brief
opinion on the KPFA (etc.) interview with our own John Gilmore,
representing the EFF, Jim Bidzos, of RSA Data Security, and Jim
Kellstrom (sp?) of the FBI.
I made a tape of it and can bring it to the 10/10/92 crypto meeting.
John did an excellent job of raising the constitutional issues, while
the FBI guy basically said "Trust us." Jim Bidzos of RSA Data Security
didn't say much, as the thrust of the discussion was more on
wiretapping and the proposed Digital Telephony bill, with not much of
substance said about RSA and public key cryptography.
I waited on the 1-800-464-5732 line to ask about the status of use of
encryption, especially with RSA and RSA-like systems, but the show ran
out of time before I could get on.
This series seems timely. Every Wednesday at noon on KPFA. Check your
local listings and the announcement list John sent out a few days ago.

@_date: 1993-04-01 12:27:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Plan Nine from Cypherspace 
I noticed a new group formed, called alt.cabal, and decided to
"christen" it with a suitably caballistic message. Don't bother trying
to decrypt it, obviously.
Perhaps we can simply co-opt alt.cabal for our own uses?
Newsgroups: alt.cabal
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
X-Newsreader: Tin 1.1 PL5
Post response to alt.cabal in normal form.

@_date: 1993-04-07 21:33:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: MATH: Zero Knowledge Proofs 
[Since this should also be of interest to the Cypherpunks list, which Ray
is/was subscribed to, I am posting this essay to that list.]
Zero knowledge interactive proof systems ("ZKIPS") are sometimes called
"minimum disclosure proofs" (with some subtle differences) and are exciting
and mysterious (at first) methods that lie at the heart of modern
cryptology. Here's a simple explanation. Too bad we don't have a
ALICE AND BOB (some people call them Peggy the Prover and Vic the Verifier)
Alice wishes to prove to Bob that she knows some item of knowledge without
actually giving Bob any of that knowledge.
Let us first imagine that Alice claims she knows a "Hamiltonian cycle" on a
particular graph. (For a given set of nodes and arcs linking some of those
nodes, a Hamiltonian cycle is one which passes through each node once and
only once. You might want to draw some graphs on a sheet of paper and try
to find a Hamiltonian cycle for the graphs, to get a feel for the problem.)
The particular graph may be "registered" somewhere with Alice's claim that
she--and only she, for reasons I'll discuss at the end--knows a Hamiltonian
cycle for the graph. In a sense, this is her "proof of identity."
To make this example concrete, Alice is using this piece of knowledge as
her *password* to get into some system. She presents a map of 50  cities
and some set of highways interconnecting them and says "I am who I say I am
if and only if I know a Hamiltonian cycle for this graph."
The conventional (non zero knowledge) way to convey this knowledge is for
Alice to simply *show* the Hamiltonian cycle to Bob. This is how passwords
are currently handled. Bob, and anybody else who is spying on the exchange,
then knows the "secret," which isn't a secret anymore. (Anybody who saw the
exchange, including Sysadmin Bob, could then impersonate her.)
ENTER ZERO KNOWLEDGE
Alice, instead of showing Bob the Hamiltonian cycle, takes the cities and
covers them with something, say, coins. (On a computer, this is all done in
software, using the cryptographic protocol called "bit commitment.")
Alice scrambles the position of the cities (covered by coins) so as not to
allow positional cues. (Most of the 50 cities should have about the same
number, ideally exactly the same number, of links to other cities, to
ensure that some cities are not "marked" by having some unique number of
links. A detail.) Needless to say, she scrambles the cities out of sight of
Bob, so he can't figure out which cities are which. However, once she's
done with the scrambling, she displays the cities in such a way that she
can't *later change*..i.e., she "commits" to the values, using well-known
cryptographic methods for this. (If this sounds mysterious, read up on it.
It's how "mental poker" and other crypto protocols are handled.)
Bob sees 50 cities with links to other cities, but he doesn't have any way
of knowing which of the covered cities are which. Nor, I should add, are
the links labelled in any way--it wouldn't do to have some links
permanently labelled "Route 66" or "Highway 101"!
She says to Bob: "Pick one choice. Either you can see a Hamiltonian cycle
for this set of covered cities and links, or you can see the cities
uncovered." In other words, "Alice cuts, Bob chooses."
Bob tosses a coin or chooses randomly somehow and says: "Show me the cities."
Alice uncovers all the cities and Bob examines the graph. He sees that
Akron is indeed connected to Boise, to Chicago, to Denver, not to Erie, and
so on. In short, he confirms that Alice has shown him the original graph.
No substitution of another graph was made.
Bob, who is suspicious that this person is really who she claims to be, says to Alice: "Ok, big deal! So you anticipated I was going to ask you to
show me the cities. Anybody could have gotten Alice's publicly registered
graph and just shown it to me. You had a 50-50 chance of guessing which
choice I'd make."
Alice smugly says to him: "Fine, let's do it again." She scrambles the
cities (which are covered) and displays the graph to Bob...50 covered
cities and various links between them. She tells Bob to choose again.
This time Bob says: "Show me the Hamiltonian cycle."
Without uncovering the cities (which would give the secret away, of
course), Alice connects the cities together in a legal Hamiltonian cycle.
Bob says, "OK, so this time you figured I was going to ask you the opposite
of what I did last time and you just substituted some other graph that you
happened to know the Hamiltonian cycle of. I have no guarantee the graphs
are really the same."
Alice, who knows this is just the beginning, says: "Let's do the next round."
...and so it goes....
After 30 rounds, Alice has either produced a legal Hamiltonian cycle or a
graph that is the same as (isomorphic to...same cities linked to same other
cities) the registered graph in each and every one of the rounds.
There are two possibilities:
1. She's an imposter and has guessed correctly *each time* which choice Bob
will make, thus allowing her to substitute either another graph altogether
(for when Bob wants to see the Hamiltonian cycle) or just the original
graph (for when Bob asks to see the cities uncovered to confirm it's the
real graph). Remember, if Alice guesses wrong even once, she's caught
2. She really is who she claims to be and she really does know a
Hamiltonian cycle of the specified graph.
The odds of  being true drop rapidly as the number of rounds are
increased, and after 30 rounds, are only 1 in 2^30, or 1 in a billion. Bob
choose to believe that Alice knows the solution.
Alice has conveyed to Bob proof that she is in possession of some knowledge
without actually revealing any knowledge at all! The proof is
This is the essence of a zero knowledge proof. There's more to it than just
this example, of course, but this is the basic idea.
SOME DETAILS
1. Could someone else discover the Hamiltonian cycle of Alice's graph? Exhaustive search is the only way to guarantee a solution will be
found--the Hamiltonian cycle problem is a famous "NP-complete"
combinatorial problem. This is intractable for reasonable numbers of nodes.
50 nodes is intractable. 2. If finding a Hamiltonian cycle is intractable, how the hell did Alice
ever find one?
She didn't *have* to find one! She started with 50 cities, quickly
connected them so that the path went through each city only once and then
wrote this path down as her "secret" solution. Then she went back and added
the other randomly chosen interconnects to make the complete graph. For
this graph, she obviously knows a Hamiltonian cycle, *by construction*.
3. Can Bob reconstruct what the Hamilonian cycle must be by asking for
enough rounds to be done?
Not generally. Read the papers for details on this, which gets deeply into
under what circumstance partial knowledge of the solution gives away the
complete solution.
4. Are there other problems that can be used in this same way?
Yes, there are many forms. I find the Hamiltonian cycle explanation quite
easy to explain to people. (Though usually I can draw pictures, which helps
a lot.)
5. How general is the "zero knowledge interactive proof" approach?
Anything provable in formal logic is provable in zero knowledge, saith the
mathematicians and crypto gurus. Check out the various "Crypto Conference"
Hope this helps.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-04-16 09:38:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: White House announcement on encryption--FORWARDED 
Here's a message from sci.crypt that's of relevance to us in several
ways. I assume from its length, seriousness, and wording that it's not
a spoof...I can't check the White House's signature!
Some messages:
1. It tells us what Denning and Rivest were probably actually working
on when they floated their "trial balloons" last summer and fall.
2. A goverment-sanctioned phone encryption technique has implications
for the phone encryption topics we've discussed at the Cypherpunks
meetings (notably with Paul Rubin and Whit Diffie).
3. As always, end-to-end encryption, bypassing such schemes as this,
is looking better and better.
4. It is not clear if the government scheme will legally preclude
other encryption schemes.
5. I expect a lively debate will soon take place in sci.crypt.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!uunet!dove!csrc.ncsl.nist.gov!clipper
Organization: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Distribution: na
Lines: 282
Note:  This file will also be available via anonymous file
transfer from csrc.ncsl.nist.gov in directory /pub/nistnews and
via the NIST Computer Security BBS at 301-948-5717.
     -------------------
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION'S
TELECOMMUNICATIONS INITIATIVE
Q:   Does this approach expand the authority of government
     agencies to listen in on phone conversations?
A:   No.  "Clipper Chip" technology provides law enforcement with
     no new authorities to access the content of the private
     conversations of Americans.
Q:   Suppose a law enforcement agency is conducting a wiretap on
     a drug smuggling ring and intercepts a conversation
     encrypted using the device.  What would they have to do to
     decipher the message?
A:   They would have to obtain legal authorization, normally a
     court order, to do the wiretap in the first place.  They
     would then present documentation of this authorization to
     the two entities responsible for safeguarding the keys and
     obtain the keys for the device being used by the drug
     smugglers.  The key is split into two parts, which are
     stored separately in order to ensure the security of the key
     escrow system.
Q:   Who will run the key-escrow data banks?
A:   The two key-escrow data banks will be run by two independent
     entities.  At this point, the Department of Justice and the
     Administration have yet to determine which agencies will
     oversee the key-escrow data banks.
Q:   How strong is the security in the device?  How can I be sure
     how strong the security is?  A:   This system is more secure than many other voice encryption
     systems readily available today.  While the algorithm will
     remain classified to protect the security of the key escrow
     system, we are willing to invite an independent panel of
     cryptography experts to evaluate the algorithm to assure all
     potential users that there are no unrecognized
     vulnerabilities.
Q:   Whose decision was it to propose this product?
A:   The National Security Council, the Justice Department, the
     Commerce Department, and other key agencies were involved in
     this decision.  This approach has been endorsed by the
     President, the Vice President, and appropriate Cabinet
     officials.
Q:   Who was consulted?  The Congress?  Industry?
A:   We have on-going discussions with Congress and industry on
     encryption issues, and expect those discussions to intensify
     as we carry out our review of encryption policy.  We have
     briefed members of Congress and industry leaders on the
     decisions related to this initiative.
Q:   Will the government provide the hardware to manufacturers?
A:   The government designed and developed the key access
     encryption microcircuits, but it is not providing the
     microcircuits to product manufacturers.  Product
     manufacturers can acquire the microcircuits from the chip
     manufacturer that produces them.
Q:   Who provides the "Clipper Chip"?
A:   Mykotronx programs it at their facility in Torrance,
     California, and will sell the chip to encryption device
     manufacturers.  The programming function could be licensed
     to other vendors in the future.
Q:   How do I buy one of these encryption devices? A:   We expect several manufacturers to consider incorporating
     the "Clipper Chip" into their devices.
Q:   If the Administration were unable to find a technological
     solution like the one proposed, would the Administration be
     willing to use legal remedies to restrict access to more
     powerful encryption devices?
A:   This is a fundamental policy question which will be
     considered during the broad policy review.  The key escrow
     mechanism will provide Americans with an encryption product
     that is more secure, more convenient, and less expensive
     than others readily available today, but it is just one
     piece of what must be the comprehensive approach to
     encryption technology, which the Administration is
     developing.
     The Administration is not saying, "since encryption
     threatens the public safety and effective law enforcement,
     we will prohibit it outright" (as some countries have
     effectively done); nor is the U.S. saying that "every
     American, as a matter of right, is entitled to an
     unbreakable commercial encryption product."  There is a
     false "tension" created in the assessment that this issue is
     an "either-or" proposition.  Rather, both concerns can be,
     and in fact are, harmoniously balanced through a reasoned,
     balanced approach such as is proposed with the "Clipper
     Chip" and similar encryption techniques.
Q:   What does this decision indicate about how the Clinton
     Administration's policy toward encryption will differ from
     that of the Bush Administration?  A:   It indicates that we understand the importance of encryption
     technology in telecommunications and computing and are
     committed to working with industry and public-interest
     groups to find innovative ways to protect Americans'
     privacy, help businesses to compete, and ensure that law
     enforcement agencies have the tools they need to fight crime
     and terrorism.
Q:   Will the devices be exportable?  Will other devices that use
     the government hardware?
A:   Voice encryption devices are subject to export control
     requirements.  Case-by-case review for each export is
     required to ensure appropriate use of these devices.  The
     same is true for other encryption devices.  One of the
     attractions of this technology is the protection it can give
     to U.S. companies operating at home and abroad.  With this
     in mind, we expect export licenses will be granted on a
     case-by-case basis for U.S. companies seeking to use these
     devices to secure their own communications abroad.  We plan
     to review the possibility of permitting wider exportability
     of these products.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.

@_date: 1993-04-16 14:18:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Key Registration and Big Brother--Time to Fight! 
(Perry Metzger forwarded my message this morning to the Cypherpunks list on
the latest White House proposal....I should've also sent it to the
Extropians list myself, my vacation from the list notwithstanding. Some
things are just too important!)
The latest White House proposal to authorize a certain form of encryption,
called "Clipper Chip," (a bizarre name, which also conflicts with the
"Clipper" processor made by Intergraph), represents the reification of all
the "key registration" themes discussed for many months on sci.crypt and
I urge those on the Extropians list who are interested in preserving their
dwindling freedoms in these Beknighted States of America to:
1. Follow the debate on sci.crypt and elsewhere. Hal Finney just mentioned
the various places the White House announcement was posted.
2. Subscribe to the Cypherpunks list by sending a message to
"cypherpunks-request at toad.com".  The latest "Wired," which I have not yet
seen myself, apparently has some good stuff on our group. (I reviewed
Levy's article for him, but haven't seen the mag on the newsstands yet.)
3. Get your PGP and MacPGP before "the other shoe drops." The "other shoe"
may be legal moves by RSA Data Security and others (Commerce? Justice?) to
crack down on PGP...rumblings of this have been heard for months now, and
were discussed at the last physical Cypherpunks meeting. (And the
steganographic aspects--the hiding of the mere _existence_ of an encrypted
message--will probably assume a greater importance than before.)
4. The Boston area just had its first physical Cypherpunks meeting, with
Julf intending to attend (J. Helsingius, operator of the Finnish anonymous
remailer)....I haven't heard the outcome. The U.K has had one for several
months, and of course the Bay Area has had one since before there was even
a mailing list. The Southern California area has several leading
Cypherpunks (Hal Finney, Phil Karn, Eli Brandt, others) and wants to host a
meeting of "the Cypherpunks." Instead, and in light of the serious danger
that encryption will soon have limits placed on it, I would urge them to
*just begin their own meeting* ASAP! (Sorry to sound so urgent, but they
need to start meeting long before we can arrange a meeting in San Diego or
(One thing we talked about at the 4-10-93 meeting in Mountain View, CA, was
a conference call linking up some of the "satellite Cypherpunks." Not
secure, of course, but then neither is this list nor our physical
meetings...anybody can attend, can get added to the list, etc.)
5. Prof. Denning has more to say about key escrow and registration in the
latest (or very recent) "Communications of the ACM," which should be
available in large university libraries. Now that the proposal has become
real, it takes on more meaning.
6. It is clear that the "trial balloon" I cited in my message many months
back to sci.crypt is nauseatingly real. Under the guise of stopping "drug
dealers, terrorists, and child pornographers," we will see limits placed on
our ability to communicate privately. I have few hopes that this proposal
will be overturned by the courts, including the Supreme Court. A "garrison
state" like the U.S. is turning itself into, what with the War on (Some)
Drugs, the no-knock raids on suspects, the civil forfeiture laws, and the
attacks on "whacko Waco religious cults," has need of Nazi-like police
It seems ironic, and appropriate, that this White House announcement came
on the 50th anniversary of the discovery of LSD...April 16th, 1943.
As I said six months ago, "Be afraid, be very afraid."
As Phil Karn put it, the battle is joined.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-04-16 16:51:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) White House Public Encryption Management Fact Sheet 
Message from Tim: The following forwarded message (below, after these
introductory comments) explains in more detail the NIST/NSA proposal and
adds a few disturbing wrinkles: 1. Quote: "INSTALLATION OF GOVERNMENT-DEVELOPED MICROCIRCUITS
The Attorney General of the United States, or her representative,
shall request manufacturers of communications hardware which
incorporates encryption to install the U.S. government-developed
key-escrow microcircuits in their products."
This suggests more than just voice communications will be affected by the
policy. "Communications hardware" suggests a broad scope. Modem makers may
be told to (somehow) incorporate this system into their products...not
clear what this means for old equipment, incompatible equipment, etc.
2. The "shall request manufacturers..." bit does not sound voluntary. (The
whole line about "Clipper" being so attractive that manufacturers will
gladly design it in....total B.S.)
3. At the end of this document is mention of using the civil forfeiture
laws to enforce the new system. Not state, but implicit (I believe) is that
the threat of civil forfeiture will be used to scare users into compliance.
Very disturbing.
Read it and weep! Then start planning.
-Tim May, who hopes the Cypherpunks will adopt my suggestion that we use
the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists-style "clock"...I call it 10 minutes
before midnight
***Begin forwarded message from sci.crypt and other groups***
Note:     The following was released by the White House today in
          conjunction with the announcement of the Clipper Chip
          encryption technology.
                           FACT SHEET
                  PUBLIC ENCRYPTION MANAGEMENT
The President has approved a directive on "Public Encryption
Management."  The directive provides for the following:
Advanced telecommunications and commercially available encryption
are part of a wave of new computer and communications technology. Encryption products scramble information to protect the privacy of
communications and data by preventing unauthorized access. Advanced telecommunications systems use digital technology to
rapidly and precisely handle a high volume of communications. These advanced telecommunications systems are integral to the
infrastructure needed to ensure economic competitiveness in the
information age.
Despite its benefits, new communications technology can also
frustrate lawful government electronic surveillance.  Sophisticated
encryption can have this effect in the United States.  When
exported abroad, it can be used to thwart foreign intelligence
activities critical to our national interests.  In the past, it has
been possible to preserve a government capability to conduct
electronic surveillance in furtherance of legitimate law
enforcement and national security interests, while at the same time
protecting the privacy and civil liberties of all citizens.  As
encryption technology improves, doing so will require new,
innovative approaches.
In the area of communications encryption, the U. S. Government has
developed a microcircuit that not only provides privacy through
encryption that is substantially more robust than the current
government standard, but also permits escrowing of the keys needed
to unlock the encryption.  The system for the escrowing of keys
will allow the government to gain access to encrypted information
only with appropriate legal authorization.
To assist law enforcement and other government agencies to collect
and decrypt, under legal authority, electronically transmitted
information, I hereby direct the following action to be taken:
INSTALLATION OF GOVERNMENT-DEVELOPED MICROCIRCUITS
The Attorney General of the United States, or her representative,
shall request manufacturers of communications hardware which
incorporates encryption to install the U.S. government-developed
key-escrow microcircuits in their products.  The fact of law
enforcement access to the escrowed keys will not be concealed from
the American public.  All appropriate steps shall be taken to
ensure that any existing or future versions of the key-escrow
microcircuit are made widely available to U.S. communications
hardware manufacturers, consistent with the need to ensure the
security of the key-escrow system.  In making this decision, I do
not intend to prevent the private sector from developing, or the
government from approving, other microcircuits or algorithms that
are equally effective in assuring both privacy and a secure key-
escrow system.
The Attorney General shall make all arrangements with appropriate
entities to hold the keys for the key-escrow microcircuits
installed in communications equipment.  In each case, the key
holder must agree to strict security procedures to prevent
unauthorized release of the keys.  The keys shall be released only
to government agencies that have established their authority to
acquire the content of those communications that have been
encrypted by devices containing the microcircuits.  The Attorney
General shall review for legal sufficiency the procedures by which
an agency establishes its authority to acquire the content of such
PROCUREMENT AND USE OF ENCRYPTION DEVICES
The Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with other appropriate
U.S. agencies, shall initiate a process to write standards to
facilitate the procurement and use of encryption devices fitted
with key-escrow microcircuits in federal communications systems
that process sensitive but unclassified information.  I expect this
process to proceed on a schedule that will permit promulgation of
a final standard within six months of this directive. The Attorney General will procure and utilize encryption devices to
the extent needed to preserve the government's ability to conduct
lawful electronic surveillance and to fulfill the need for secure
law enforcement communications.  Further, the Attorney General
shall utilize funds from the Department of Justice Asset Forfeiture
Super Surplus Fund to effect this purchase.

@_date: 1993-04-16 21:19:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: IMPORTANT--WE WON......NOT! 
Sandy Sandfort looks on the bright side. Unfortunately, I can't agree with him.
...rest of post elided....
Drugs are freely available on nearly every inner city street corner. The
"cat is out of the bag," as you say. And yet....
- the War on (Some) Drugs....
- mandatory hard time for first offenses (ask the Santa Cruz kid doing 10
years without parole for possession of some amount of acid...the weight of
the blotter paper kicked it up to the 10-year level)
- civil forfeiture... "We find a roach, we get your yacht."
- midnight raids, often killing innocent citizens (ask the Malibu retired
guy who got zapped by the Feds...turns out they'd already greedily started
to divvy up his land to various parks...and of course he was totally
innocent--and now dead)
- "D.A.R.E."-type brainwashing of children, encouraging them to turn in
their parents
...and so on. You should all know about these things, on this of all days
(16 April 1943, 50 years ago, was the discovery of LSD).
Restricting crypto means the government has a big club they use to
threaten, intimidate, force cooperation, etc. Just like with taxes, drugs,
and everything else they control.
Under the civil forfeiture laws, my assets (which I depend on to live out
the rest of my life on!!) could be seized if the government suspects I'm
using "illegal crypto." Not under current laws, but certainly under the
laws that follow from the "Clinton Clipper."
Anyone with assets to seize--a house, a business, a stock account--becomes
a fair target.
No, but we haven't lost yet.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-04-16 23:10:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Once tapped, your code is no good any more. 
Cypherpunks, I agree with Arthur Abraham that we ought to first make our arguments
in public and not preach to the converted here on this list. Unless
the ideas presented are Cypherpunks-related.
In this spirit, here's something I wrote about the consequences of key
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.security,comp.org.eff.talk,comp.security.misc,comp.org.acm,comp.org.ieee
: It occurs to me that if they get a wiretap order on you, and the escrow
: houses release your code to the cops, your code is now no longer secure.
: : It's in the hands of cops, and while I am sure most of the time they are
: good, their security will not be as good as the escrow houses.
: : : What this effectively means is that if they perform a wiretap on you,
: at the end of the wiretap, they should be obligated to inform you that
: a tap was performed, and replace (for free) the clipper chip in your
: cellular phone so that it is once again a code known only to the
: escrow houses.
Getting the court order to reveal the key *also* makes decipherable
all *past* conversations (which may be on tape, or disk, or whatver),
as I understand the proposal. I could be wrong, but I've seen no
mention of "session keys" being the escrowed entities.
As the EFF noted, this raises further issues about the fruits of one
bust leading to incrimination in other areas.
But is it any worse than the current unsecure system? It becomes much
worse, of course, if the government then uses this "Clinton Clipper"
to argue for restrictions on unapproved encryption. (This is the main
concern of most of us, I think. The camel's nose in the tent, etc.)
And it may also become much worse if the ostensible security is
increased, thus allowing greater access to "central office" records by
the government (the conversations being encrypted, who will object to
letting the government have access to them, perhaps even automatically
archiving large fractions...). This was one of the main objections to
the S.266 proposal, that it would force telecom suppliers to provide
easy access for the government.
One the government has had access to months or years of your encrypted
conversations, now all it takes is one misstep, one violation that
gets them the paperwork needed to decrypt *all* of them!
Do we want anyone to have this kind of power?
-Tim May, whose sig block may get him busted in the New Regime

@_date: 1993-04-17 14:25:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: An Alliance with RSA? 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
In this message I am urging we all consider an alliance with RSA Data
Security, the only company or group able to actually provide an
alternative to the "weak crypto" of the Clinton Clipper.
I have no idea if RSA is interested, or if in fact they're already in
league with the NSA and other privacy clippers.
I chose a public forum because I'm in no position to negotiate for
anybody in private. I also mailed a copy to Jim Bidzos, in case he's
not reading sci.cryt right now.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.security,comp.org.eff.talk,comp.security.misc,comp.org.acm,comp.org.ieee
: Clipper Chip is a response to the fact that there is no business
: or professional body in a position to establish a standard and
: provide chipsets to implement it for analog or digial transmission
: systems.
: : RSA might be in position to do it, if they had active cooperation of
: a couple of manufacturers of cellular phones or desktop phones.
: Is RSA independt of the gov enough to spearhead this?  I, for one,
: would *gladly* pay royalties via purchasing secure phones.
Hear hear! I completely agree that we need to work quickly to
establish alternatives to the government's Clinton Clipper. As Brad
Templeton and others have noted, once the Clipper becomes ensconced in
enough phones there will be enormous pressure to make it the *legal*
standard, and it will become the "market* standard as well. (There is
a lot of confusion in the proposal about whether the use of Clipper is
mandated, about whether non-escrow alternatives will be allowed, etc.)
(There are also unclear issues about how hard, or how illegal, it will
be to make "workalikes" which meet the standard but which generate
phony or untappable keys...I'm sure the next several weeks will see
these issues thrashed out in this and other groups.)
Meanwhile, I'd be interested to hear RSA Data Security's reaction.
Often criticized in this group for their licensing policies (the usual
complaints about MailSafe costing too much, at $125 or so, and the
general issue of software patents...), we may find that *allying*
ourselves with RSA is the best thing we can do. What's a mere
licensing fee when our liberty may be at stake? (If everyone who
wanted true security paid, say, $100 for a lifetime use of all of
RSA's patents--which expire in the period 1998-2002, or so--then RSA
would make tons of money and be happy, I'm sure. A small price to pay.
For those to whom $100 sounds like too much, I'm sure the actual terms
could be different, spread out over several years, whatever. To me,
it's a small price to pay.)
Strong crypto means strong privacy. Escrowing keys, sending copies of
keys to large databases, and splitting keys into two 40-bit pieces,
all done with secret and non-analyzable protocols and algorithms, is
*NOT* strong crypto!
Whatever some of us may think about the abstract principles of
patenting number theory applications, this minor issue pales in
comparison with the potential dangers of the Clipper proposal (note
that I said "potential"...we'll presumably learn more in the coming
The RSA algorithms are at least public, have been analyzed and
attacked for years, and source code is available (to better ensure no
deliberate weakenesses or trapdoors).
I know of a number of groups putting together voice encryption systems
using off-the-shelf hardware (like Soundblaster boards for the PC) and
CELP-type software. The new generations of PCs, using fast 486s and
Pentiums are fast enough to do real-time voice encryption. Combined
with Diffie-Hellman key exchange, this should provide an alternative
to the Clipper system.
Of course, we don't really know if the Administration proposes to
outlaw competing systems. (It seems to me that their goal of tapping
terrorists, child pornographers, and Hilary bashers would be thwarted
if low-cost alternatives to Clipper proliferated. Not to defend child
pornographers or terrorists, but limiting basic freedoms to catch a
few criminals is not the American way of doing things. End of soapbox
I suggest we in these groups set aside any differences we may have had
with RSA (and don't look at me....I have both MacPGP *and* a fully
legal copy of "MailSafe"!) and instead work with them as quickly as we can.
RSA?, Jim?, are you listening?
-Tim May
P.S. I reserve the right to retract these opinions if it should turn
out that RSA Data Security was involved in the Clipper proposal.

@_date: 1993-04-18 00:59:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Comments from Jim Bidzos, Pres. of RSA Data Security 
Jim Bidzos, Pres. of RSA Data Security, sent me a nice note this evening in
response to my posting on sci.crypt. In that post, I suggested that only
RSA has the algorithms and protocols ready to go for an alternative to
Clipper, and that perhaps we should set aside our differences with RSA
(over patents on software, etc.) and instead seek an alliance.
Basically, Jim said he knew *nothing* of Clipper until he read about it in
the Friday morning papers!!  If true, this is astounding. (And having met
Jim several times, I believe him.)
He's also preparing a FAQ entitled "RSA/PKP/Clipper Flap FAQ" to deal with
the many questions raised.
Jim has some interesting theories about the motivations for Clipper, and
why AT&T was so quick to jump on the bandwagon.
Please don't quote my comments in public discussions of this issue (Jim
asked me not to, which is why I'm being vaguely elliptic here.)
This is all I can say for now, but I remain convinced that RSA was not
involved (I suspect the presence of "jim at rsa.com" on the NIST mailing list,
as reported in this group by a couple of folks, is not necessarily the
cabal that put Clipper together).
Interesting times indeed!
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-04-18 02:11:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Long History for Clipper... 
It's clearly stated that the program is at least 4 years old and that, for
example, the contracts with VLSI Tech and Mxxxxtronix (I keep forgetting
the name of the previously obscure So. Cal. defense contractor) were let 14
months ago, that production of the chips has begun, blah blah. No argument
that the program started under Bush, and perhaps under Reagan (recall his
various NSDDs and the Computer Security Act...).
This doesn't mean the proposal will be casually tossed aside by Clinton as
some objections are raised. Most policies of this sort percolate up through
the entrenched bureacracies in Justice, State, Defense, NSA, etc. In this
case, the AG, Janet Reno, was a well-known drug warrior in the Miami/Dade
area....undoubtedly she made use of wiretaps, seizures, etc. She also
probably understands the issues of law enforcement pretty well and fully
understands what the proposal means.
So, I don't think Clinton will easily change this policy.
A firestorm of proposed civil disobedience, scoffing at the Clipper, etc.,
*might* have some effect. But I don't favor concentrating on legislative
fixes. Give me technology any day.
P.S. However, I'm trying to find the net address to send ersatz "protest"
letters to Intergraph Corp about "Clipper." Clipper is the name of their
32-bit RISC chip--my thought is that enough indignant letters to
Intergraph, deliberately confusing the Clinton Clipper with their product,
will get Intergraph's lawyers to file a protest with the Administration!
Perhaps even a name change will be ordered....a minor embarrassment, to be
sure, but a stick in their eye nonetheless.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-04-18 12:11:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Fighting the Wiretap Chip Plan 
(I'm using the "Wiretap Chip" name instead of "Clipper," as someone has
suggested. It _does_ carry a better message.)
This essay is bit rambling, as I'm in my lousy editor and don't have
time to rearrange things into a more formal essay. Instead, I'll just
make a number of points.
I've seen a lot of discussion here about who to talk to, how to phrase
the issues, and so forth. Fax numbers (good!), phone numbers, etc. But
let me point out that the public discussion is not likely to do very
much, for several reasons.
1. A very tiny universe of listeners. Crypto is too abstract for most
people. I doubt anything we say can change this. And "privacy" is a
complicated theme....the anti- and pro-abortion sides have been
bandying it about for over a decade, to little avail. The key is to
reach the relatively small fraction of policy shapers, both outside
government and inside.
2. Journalists want the pithy quote, the sound bite, the attention
grabber. They don't really care if 37 faxes have been received in
support of some position--that just isn't news. I often shake my head in despair at the demands for "good quotes," but
I still try to spew them out.  Ironically, my .sig block, with all the
comments about "crypto anarchy," "information markets," "zero
knowledge," etc., often were the triggers that got me in touch with
journalists. For example, Julian Dibell of the "Village Voice" saw my
stuff in sci.crypt last fall and called me...only then did he learn of
the existence of the Cypherpunks group. Likewise, Kevin Kelly, of
"Whole Earth Review" fame, and now editor of "Wired," contacted me to
ask about the terms in my cryptically cryptic sig.
(Some people have already put good stuff about "Stop the Big Brother
Chip" and "Say No to the Wiretap Chip" in their sigs...this is great
advertising!) 3. I've been interviewed on crypto matters by several journalists, all
of whom I respect. (They were, for the record: Steven Levy, for the
"Wired" piece, Kevin Kelly, as editor of "Wired" and for a possible
story in "Whole Earth Review," Julian Dibell, for "The Village Voice"
(forthcoming, he tells me), Dave Mandl, for a radio station in New
Jersey, and a couple of minor quotes here and there. (I can't begin to
compete of course with John Gilmore or Eric Hughes, in terms of
numbers of interviews.)
4. My conclusion is that the very term "Cypherpunks" was useful--even
though I had little to do with choosing the name and sometimes find it
distasteful (I prefer Miles Davis to Nine Inch Nails, for example).
Consider that there are already several well-publicized groups devoted
to various aspects of computer privacy: the EFF, the CPSR, the ACLU,
etc. (these groups should be well-known to all of you). Before we came
along, complete with our semi-outlaw, trendy name, the standard
process when a crypto or privacy issue came up would be to get
obligatory interviews with John Perry Barlow (I like him, but if I
read one more account of his experiences as a lyricist for the
Grateful Dead I'm going to puke...this is overexposure with a capital
"O"), Mitch Kapor, and various folks from the ACLU and CPSR. The
Cypherpunks provide a useful contrast, in my opinion.
5. And the Cypherpunks turn out to have a lot of very bright and
interesting people, including many from the phone phreaker community,
the PGP development community, and various other subcultures (like
FidoNet, modem makers, wireless communications, and so on). This
automatically makes us more diverse than groups like the CPSR and
6. In a sense, we occupy an ecological niche that meets certain
journalistic needs.
7. In summary, I wouldn't place a lot of emphasis on standard
political actions...it just doesn't go very far. Talking to our
friends and family will have a miniscule effect, both in raw numbers
and because the next election is a long way off. Need I say more?
Subversive actions that generate media attention, that trigger other
people to begin to do things (such as homebrew voice encryption with
SoundBlaster boards and CELP compression, as just one example), and
that create new communities (Cypherpunks, Extropians, etc.), are much
more effective.
By the way, in a more standard way of doing things, I've been in touch
with Jim Bidzos, President of RSA Data Security. I sent out a note on
this recently.
And I'll be meeting this evening with Eric Hughes, who's visiting the
Monterey Bay area. We may be calling an emergency meeting of the
Cypherpunks soon. Stay tuned.
Don't get me wrong, folks. These are crucial times. A "War on Crypto"
that mimics the "War on Drugs" is a distinct possibility. Any actions
we take, from writing letters to calling t.v. stations to boycotting
vendors of the "Wiretap Chip," will be useful.

@_date: 1993-04-19 19:42:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: True Randoms 
What follows is my standard "alpha particles as sources of random numbers"
posting, which I have forwarded to the list a couple of times. (I'm not
being at all critical of William Kinney for raising the issue again.)
Quick summary: thermal noise in a back-biased diode is easier to get, has
more bandwidth, doesn't have safety concerns, and is readily buildable.
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.3 PL11]
Fellow Cypherpunks,
Here's a posting I just sent to sci.crypt, dealing with using alpha
particle sources as noise sources for generating one-time pads.
Ordinarily I wouldn't bother you folks with this, especially since
you're all reading sci.crypt (aren't you? Only the FidoNetters have a
good excuse not to.).
But this thread ties together two aspects of my life, cryptography and
alpha particle errors in chips. Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
X-Newsreader: Tin 1.1 PL5
: The recent post on building a random number generator using a zener diode got
: me to thinking once again about commercial alternatives.
: : I haven't seen any commercial alternatives discussed here recently. And since
: the market is so specialized, they may well exist but I'm simply not aware of
: them.
: : The ideal product would have the following features:
: :       * cost less than $100
:       * use a radioactive Alpha ray emitter as the source
It's a small world! In my earlier incarnation as a physicist for
Intel, I discovered the alpha particle "soft error" effect in memory
chips. By 1976 chips, especially dynamic RAMs, were storing less than
half a million electrons as the difference between a "1" and a "0". A
several MeV alpha could generate more than a million electron-hole
pairs, thus flipping some bits.  (Obviously the effect of alphas on particle detectors was
known, and smoke detectors were in wide use, but nobody prior to 1977
knew that memory bits could be flipped by alphas, coming from uranium
and thorium in the package materials. It's a long story, so I won't
say any more about it here.)
:       * connect to an IBM PC serial or parallel port
:       * be "dongle" sized, ie be able to plug directly onto the port, and
:               not have a cable from an external box to the port
:       * be powered directly from the port
:       * generate at least 1000 "highly random" bits per second
This should be feasible by placing a small (sub-microcurie) amount of
Americium-241 on a small DRAM chip that is known to be alpha-sensitive
(and not all of them are, due to processing tricks). Errors would
occur at random intervals, depending on which bits got hit. Getting
1000 errors a second would be tough, though, as such high intensities
would also tend to eventually destroy the chip (through longterm
damage to the silicon, threshold voltage shifts, etc.). If you really
want to pursue this seriously, I can help with the calculations, etc.
: Details:
: : Certainly in high volume these things can be made cheaply. Smoke detectors
: often sell for under $10, and have a radioactive source, an IC, a case, etc.
Yes, but smoke detectors use ionization in a chamber (the smoke from a
fire makes ionization easier). That is, no real ICs. But ICs, and even
RAM chips, are cheap, so your $10 figure is almost certainly in the ballpark.
A bigger concern is safety, or the _perceived_ safety. Smoke detectors
have, I understand, moved away from alpha particle-based detectors to
photoelectric detectors (smoke obscures beam of light). Don't
underestimate the public's fear of radioactivity, even at low levels.
: Using a well-designed circuit based on Alpha decay should mean that the
: randomness is pretty darn good.
But not necessarily any better than noise from a Zener. With the
higher bit rate from diode noise, more statistical tricks can be done.
The relatively low bit rate from alpha decay gives less flexibility.
On the other hand, alpha hits are undeniably quite random, with
essentially no way to skew the odds  (unlike with diode noise).
: Everyone these days has either a serial or parallel port available, either
: directly or thru a switch box.
: : The tiny "dongle" size is a convenience. If it is small and powered directly
: from the port, there are no cables to get in the way. There is enough power
: available from the signal lines on these ports to power simple devices. E.g.
: most mice don't require an external power supply.
: : For most applications 1000 bits per second should be adequate. For example,
: it would be quite adequate for session keys. For generating pseudo
: one-time-pads, an overnight run should generate plenty of values. Continuously
: generating values for a month would produce about 300 MB, which should be
: enough to exchange new CD-ROM key disks once a month.
One time pads are complicated to use. Only very high security
applications that can also afford them use them. For example, some
diplomatic traffic. I can't conceive of a case where 300 MB a month
could be used. And _theft_ (or copying) of the CD-ROM one time pads has got to be a
much bigger issue that whether alpha particle noise sources are better
than diode noise sources! By about 10 orders of magnitude I would say.
Black bag jobs on the sites holding the keys will be the likeliest
attack, not trying to analyze how random the noise is (even a fairly
crummy noise source will not yield enough information to a
cryptanalyst trying to break a one-time pad).
Having said all this, I'm glad you gave some thought to alphas. For a
time in the late 1970s this was the chip industry's number one
headache...it was definitely the most exciting time of my life.

@_date: 1993-04-19 21:02:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) THE CLIPPER CHIP: A TECHNICAL SUMMARY 
Here's the most complete and readable summary of the Wiretap Chip I've
seen. Ironically, it comes from none other than Dorothy, the Wicked
Witch of the East, who claims she knew nothing of it until Thursday
night, just before the announcement. Curiouser and curiouser.
-Tim May
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Distribution: world
Organization: Georgetown University
The following document summarizes the Clipper Chip, how it is used,
how programming of the chip is coupled to key generation and the
escrow process, and how law enforcement decrypts communications.
Since there has been some speculation on this news group about my
own involvement in this project, I'd like to add that I was not in
any way involved.  I found out about it when the FBI briefed me on
Thursday evening, April 15.  Since then I have spent considerable
time talking with the NSA and FBI to learn more about this, and I
attended the NIST briefing at the Department of Commerce on April 16.  The document below is the result of that effort. Dorothy Denning
                     THE CLIPPER CHIP: A TECHNICAL SUMMARY
                               Dorothy Denning
                                April 19, 1993
On April 16, the President announced a new initiative that will bring
together the Federal Government and industry in a voluntary program
to provide secure communications while meeting the legitimate needs of
law enforcement.  At the heart of the plan is a new tamper-proof encryption
chip called the "Clipper Chip" together with a split-key approach to
escrowing keys.  Two escrow agencies are used, and the key parts from
both are needed to reconstruct a key.
CHIP STRUCTURE
The Clipper Chip contains a classified 64-bit block encryption
algorithm called "Skipjack."  The algorithm uses 80 bit keys (compared
with 56 for the DES) and has 32 rounds of scrambling (compared with 16
for the DES).  It supports all 4 DES modes of operation.  Throughput is
16 Mbits a second.
Each chip includes the following components:
   the Skipjack encryption algorithm
   F, an 80-bit family key that is common to all chips
   N, a 30-bit serial number
   U, an 80-bit secret key that unlocks all messages encrypted with the chip
ENCRYPTING WITH THE CHIP
To see how the chip is used, imagine that it is embedded in the AT&T
telephone security device (as it will be).  Suppose I call someone and
we both have such a device.  After pushing a button to start a secure
conversation, my security device will negotiate a session key K with
the device at the other end (in general, any method of key exchange can
be used).  The key K and message stream M (i.e., digitized voice) are then
fed into the Clipper Chip to produce two values:
   E[M; K], the encrypted message stream, and    E[E[K; U] + N; F], a law enforcement block.  The law enforcement block thus contains the session key K encrypted
under the unit key U concatenated with the serial number N, all
encrypted under the family key F.
CHIP PROGRAMMING AND ESCROW
All Clipper Chips are programmed inside a SCIF (secure computer
information facility), which is essentially a vault.  The SCIF contains
a laptop computer and equipment to program the chips.  About 300 chips
are programmed during a single session.  The SCIF is located at
At the beginning of a session, a trusted agent from each of the two key
escrow agencies enters the vault.  Agent 1 enters an 80-bit value S1
into the laptop and agent 2 enters an 80-bit value S2. These values
serve as seeds to generate keys for a sequence of serial numbers.
To generate the unit key for a serial number N, the 30-bit value N is
first padded with a fixed 34-bit block to produce a 64-bit block N1.
S1 and S2 are then used as keys to triple-encrypt N1, producing a
64-bit block R1:
        R1 = E[D[E[N1; S1]; S2]; S1] .
Similarly, N is padded with two other 34-bit blocks to produce N2 and
N3, and two additional 64-bit blocks R2 and R3 are computed:          R2 = E[D[E[N2; S1]; S2]; S1]         R3 = E[D[E[N3; S1]; S2]; S1] .
R1, R2, and R3 are then concatenated together, giving 192 bits. The
first 80 bits are assigned to U1 and the second 80 bits to U2.  The
rest are discarded.  The unit key U is the XOR of U1 and U2.  U1 and U2
are the key parts that are separately escrowed with the two escrow
As a sequence of values for U1, U2, and U are generated, they are
written onto three separate floppy disks.  The first disk contains a
file for each serial number that contains the corresponding key part
U1.  The second disk is similar but contains the U2 values.  The third
disk contains the unit keys U.  Agent 1 takes the first disk and agent
2 takes the second disk.  The third disk is used to program the chips.
After the chips are programmed, all information is discarded from the
vault and the agents leave.  The laptop may be destroyed for additional
assurance that no information is left behind.
The protocol may be changed slightly so that four people are in the
room instead of two.  The first two would provide the seeds S1 and S2,
and the second two (the escrow agents) would take the disks back to
the escrow agencies.
The escrow agencies have as yet to be determined, but they will not
be the NSA, CIA, FBI, or any other law enforcement agency.  One or
both may be independent from the government.
LAW ENFORCEMENT USE
When law enforcement has been authorized to tap an encrypted line, they
will first take the warrant to the service provider in order to get
access to the communications line.  Let us assume that the tap is in
place and that they have determined that the line is encrypted with
Clipper.  They will first decrypt the law enforcement block with the
family key F.  This gives them E[K; U] + N.  They will then take a
warrant identifying the chip serial number N to each of the key escrow
agents and get back U1 and U2.  U1 and U2 are XORed together to produce
the unit key U, and E[K; U] is decrypted to get the session key K.
Finally the message stream is decrypted.  All this will be accomplished
through a special black box decoder operated by the FBI.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND DISTRIBUTION NOTICE.  All information is based on
information provided by NSA, NIST, and the FBI.  Permission to
distribute this document is granted.

@_date: 1993-04-20 01:08:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Sound bite time 
I agree. Mentioning guns raises too many confusing issues, including
emotional reactions, talk of private vs. public ownership, etc. Several
decades ago it might have been better received.
The compelling "sound bites" revolve around these kinds of examples:
- having to deposit copies of all your private letters with the
authorities, "in case" they need to later read them...
- not being allowed to use locks--on anything--that the government can't bypass
- recording all private conversations and escrowing the tapes, just in case
the government later wants to hear them
- video cameras in all bedrooms to allow the police to check for illegal
activities (even with proper "court orders," most people will react with
shock at this suggestion)
These are things that everyone can understand. And be shocked by. When they
realize just how similar the "key escrow" idea is to these examples, they
may get more indignant.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-20 23:26:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Proliferating Cypherpunks Groups! 
Hear, hear! We need more such groups!
I get occasional messages from folks bemoaning the fact that the
Silicon Valley seems to be where it's all happening. Well, it's easier
for *you folks* in other areas to pull together a local meeting than
it was for Eric Hughes and others of us to set up the first such
meeting last September. A list now exists and that helps a lot.
(I'll grant you that some of your communities may be more scattered
and out-of-touch with each other than our community was...it seems we
in the Bay Area mostly all know each other through frequent parties,
Hackers Conferences, science fiction groups and parties, high-tech
startups, Xanadu, VR, "Mondo 2000," "Wired," and so on. In other
less-interconnected areas, you may have to advertise well in advance
on this list and perhaps even elsewhere to reach enough like-minded
people. But not to sound snotty or anything, that's how your
"backwater" regions like Washington can become "happening" places like
our area....actually, this is a gross exaggeration, as D.C. has had a
very active "2600" group, as has NYC, so neither is a backwater.)
There are currently 3 groups holding physical meetings, that I know
* Silicon Valley/San Francisco Bay Area, meeting since September.
* UK Cypherpunks, meeting in London since around December/January.
* Boston Cypherpunks, just had its first meeting recently.
There are several very active Cypherpunks in the Southern California
area, covering San Diego, LA, and as far north as Santa Barbara. Some
of them have asked us to have a Cypherpunks meeting down there, which
we may still do (personally, I favor some kind of "West Coast
Cypherpunks" meeting just before or just after the Crypto Conference
this summer, held as always in Santa Barbara. Santa Barbara is about
halfway between the two extremes, and is a nice place to meet.). But a better idea is for the SoCal Cypherpunks to form their own
Likewise, the Washington, D.C. area seems a natural spot, as there are
several Cypherpunks that I know of off-hand who're in the area.
New York, too.
Well, you get the point. No permission is needed!
Good luck in these dark days.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-04-21 13:53:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Activism and Respectability 
Crypto Activism and Respectability, or, Should We Become "Suits"?
Several Cyperpunks, er, "Privacy Advocates," have called for the name
"Cypherpunks" to be changed to something more serious, more respectable,
less likely to scare the horses. Something like "Cryptography Privacy" or
"Cryptologic Research Association." Some even want a parallel to the NRA,
such as the "National Cryptography Association."
Further, there have been comments that referring to "crypto anarchy," as
I've been doing for several years (my "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" was
first distributed in 1988) is, to put it bluntly, "not helpful to the
cause." Talk of libertarian ideas, "If crypto is outlawed, only outlaws
will have crypto," and other such "crypto radicalism" is seen as
unrespectable, as counterproductive. We're not speaking the language of the
"suits," it's said. Middle America will be turned off by the hippie
radicals in t-shirts, leather jackets, sandals, and beards. (Some readers of this list have volunteered that they'd make better
spokespersons for the Cause because they are clean-shaven, they look like
good corporate citizens, and they know how to make the right soothing
noises to interviewers. I say, "Great! We need more publicity." Just don't
tell the rest of us California types, where sandals, beards, and jeans
remain common, that we need to "go corporate." Picture a "smiley" here, if
that's your style.)
I want to respond by making several comments:
* Radicals like ourselves have always been under pressure to conform to
societal norms, whether to dress in the "gray flannel suit" in the 1950s or
to eschew long hair and beads in the 60s. * Guess what? The message is almost more important than the messenger.
People have a pretty clear idea of what people are saying, despite their
appearance. And, frankly, my guess is that even most of Middle America will
feel somewhat more comfortable listening to a John Gilmore, for example,
than a Bill Gates-type nerd clone. People know honesty and sincerity when
they see it, and they know lawyers when they see them. It's been 25 years
since the hippie heyday, and most Americans have adjusted to varying
outward appearances. (Actually, they've internalized and accepted long hair
and beards....shaved heads, nose piercings, and body adornments they
probably haven't yet accepted. But most of the "crypto anarchist
cypherpunks" are of the more conventional kind of "disreputable"
appearance, so the point is moot.)
* The more serious message of toning down our calls for complete and total
access to whatever crypto tools we can get is potentially more divisive to
this group. We don't all have the same politics...some of us are
anarcho-capitalists, some are socialists (I hear), some are nonpolitical
(as near as I can tell), some decline to state, and some may off in their
own uncharted territory. But what we all seem to believe in common is that
no government has the right to force us to make tape recordings of all of
our conversations (to be placed in escrow, in case the government someday
needs to listen to them!), to tap our phones, to insist we speak in
government-approved non-coded language, and to use their "Wiretap Chips."
I said "potentially" more divisive. In practice, nobody on this list is
really disagreeing in a major way with our general goals of privacy and
access to tools (to borrow the "Whole Earth" phrase). A few people
disagreed with the way remailers, like our home-grown remailers and like
Johan Helsingius' (he's also on this list, of course), were being handled.
But that's the kind of debate we want.
* To some, like David Sternlight, Dorothy Denning, and Andrew Molitor,
these are radical, unreasonable, and subversive views. "Remember, children,
the policeman is your *friend*." seems to sum up their view of crypto. It's
hard to imagine just what we have to "be reasonable" about with such
people. A basic ideological divide separates us.
* I fully agree with many of you that the name "Cypherpunks" has some,
shall we say, _unusual_ connotations. Some will assume we're skateboarding
geeks, others will assume we're "crypto primitives" who pierce our bodies
and spend all our time at raves. But the name has undeniable appeal to
many, and certainly grabs a lot of attention. It seems improbable that some
staid name like "Northern California Cryptography Hobbyists Association"
would've gotten much attention, let alone a write-up in "Wired" (and
upcoming pieces in "Whole Earth Review," "The Village Voice," etc.).
(Perhaps you out there who first heard about us via an article in "Mondo
2000," or "Wired," or a reference someplace, like MindVox or sci.crypt, can
tell us what grabbed your attention, what you liked and disliked about the
name, etc. Just as feedback.)
In any case, it's much too late to change the name now. Publicity of
"Cypherpunks" has spread the name, lots of journalists are intrigued by it,
and it basically *does* capture the spirit of our group. After all, for
basic civil liberties and cyberspace issues, the ACLU, CPSR, and EFF
already exist and do a fair job at presenting lawyer-like faces to the
press. And for conventional "phreaking," the group "2600" is having their
own meetings. We don't have to be the group with the subdued and staid
And note tha the "Hackers Conference" has not changed _their_  name,
either, despite the negative publicity given the name. (A meta-rule: There
is no such thing as negative publicity. All they have to do is spell your
name right. Ironically, in a recent "MacWorld" column, Steven Levy
misspelled our name as "Cipherpunks." He got it right in his "Wired" piece,
* As for respectablity, is our goal to be "co-opted" into the
Establishment? (Geez. these words I'm writing could've been written in
1968!) Is it to be a respectable voice for moderation and the gentle
process of negotiating? I think not.
(Note that the Wiretap Chip was *not* presented for discussion and for
industry comment. Neither the Bush nor Clinton camps presented this for
public debate--unless you consider Dorothy Denning's comments to be the
"trial balloon" I suggested it was last fall in sci.crypt...Denning has
made the curious claim that she knew "nothing" of the Clipper plan until
the night before it was publicly announced. This plan is a fait accompli,
production of the chips is underway, and AT&T has already announced their
Clipper-tapped phone. The best we can do is undermine the proposal, deploy
strong crypto as widely as possible before it's outlawed completely
(Clipper will fail if strong crypto alternatives are available...what do
you think Big Brother plans to do about this?), and continue to make as
much noise as we can about the evils of invading privacy in this way. I see
little indication that reasonable negotiation is being invited.)
* There are already several groups, as I've mentioned, made up of lawyers
and "respectable spokesmen" like Mitch Kapor and Mike Godwin (wherever he
is now). In a sense, Cypherpunks fill an important ecological niche by
being the outrageous side, the radical side...perhaps a bit like the role
the Black Panthers, Yippies, and Weather Underground played a generation
ago. (By the way, "The Crypto Underground" was one of my favorite name
proposals....aren't you glad now we settled on Jude Milhon's "Cypherpunks"
* Cypherpunks write code, as Eric put it. They write code, they build
remailers, they test systems to see how they break, they share their
findings, they ignore restrictions on crypto, they look at the consequences
of strong crypto, and they write articles like this.
* Now I'm all for respectability in certain ways, ways that come naturally
to each of us. When I talk to journalists, I speak in complete sentences, I
explain things in the most straightforward way possible, etc. I don't roll
in on my skateboard and say "Dewd! Yo bro, let's skank this Clipper shit!"
But I don't plan to shave off my beard, cut my hair, start wearing suits,
or be "moderate and reasonable" in my arguments. Nor do I intend to water
down my messages about digital money, anonymous systems, and crypto
"Let a thousand flowers bloom."  --Mao (not one of my heroes)
"Live dangerously." --Nietzsche (one of my heroes)
-Tim May, Cypherpunk
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-21 14:47:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Activism and Respectability 
Crypto Activism and Respectability, or, Should We Become "Suits"?
Several Cyperpunks, er, "Privacy Advocates," have called for the name
"Cypherpunks" to be changed to something more serious, more respectable,
less likely to scare the horses. Something like "Cryptography Privacy" or
"Cryptologic Research Association." Some even want a parallel to the NRA,
such as the "National Cryptography Association."
Further, there have been comments that referring to "crypto anarchy," as
I've been doing for several years (my "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" was
first distributed in 1988) is, to put it bluntly, "not helpful to the
cause." Talk of libertarian ideas, "If crypto is outlawed, only outlaws
will have crypto," and other such "crypto radicalism" is seen as
unrespectable, as counterproductive. We're not speaking the language of the
"suits," it's said. Middle America will be turned off by the hippie
radicals in t-shirts, leather jackets, sandals, and beards. (Some readers of this list have volunteered that they'd make better
spokespersons for the Cause because they are clean-shaven, they look like
good corporate citizens, and they know how to make the right soothing
noises to interviewers. I say, "Great! We need more publicity." Just don't
tell the rest of us California types, where sandals, beards, and jeans
remain common, that we need to "go corporate." Picture a "smiley" here, if
that's your style.)
I want to respond by making several comments:
* Radicals like ourselves have always been under pressure to conform to
societal norms, whether to dress in the "gray flannel suit" in the 1950s or
to eschew long hair and beads in the 60s. * Guess what? The message is almost more important than the messenger.
People have a pretty clear idea of what people are saying, despite their
appearance. And, frankly, my guess is that even most of Middle America will
feel somewhat more comfortable listening to a John Gilmore, for example,
than a Bill Gates-type nerd clone. People know honesty and sincerity when
they see it, and they know lawyers when they see them. It's been 25 years
since the hippie heyday, and most Americans have adjusted to varying
outward appearances. (Actually, they've internalized and accepted long hair
and beards....shaved heads, nose piercings, and body adornments they
probably haven't yet accepted. But most of the "crypto anarchist
cypherpunks" are of the more conventional kind of "disreputable"
appearance, so the point is moot.)
* The more serious message of toning down our calls for complete and total
access to whatever crypto tools we can get is potentially more divisive to
this group. We don't all have the same politics...some of us are
anarcho-capitalists, some are socialists (I hear), some are nonpolitical
(as near as I can tell), some decline to state, and some may off in their
own uncharted territory. But what we all seem to believe in common is that
no government has the right to force us to make tape recordings of all of
our conversations (to be placed in escrow, in case the government someday
needs to listen to them!), to tap our phones, to insist we speak in
government-approved non-coded language, and to use their "Wiretap Chips."
I said "potentially" more divisive. In practice, nobody on this list is
really disagreeing in a major way with our general goals of privacy and
access to tools (to borrow the "Whole Earth" phrase). A few people
disagreed with the way remailers, like our home-grown remailers and like
Johan Helsingius' (he's also on this list, of course), were being handled.
But that's the kind of debate we want.
* To some, like David Sternlight, Dorothy Denning, and Andrew Molitor,
these are radical, unreasonable, and subversive views. "Remember, children,
the policeman is your *friend*." seems to sum up their view of crypto. It's
hard to imagine just what we have to "be reasonable" about with such
people. A basic ideological divide separates us.
* I fully agree with many of you that the name "Cypherpunks" has some,
shall we say, _unusual_ connotations. Some will assume we're skateboarding
geeks, others will assume we're "crypto primitives" who pierce our bodies
and spend all our time at raves. But the name has undeniable appeal to
many, and certainly grabs a lot of attention. It seems improbable that some
staid name like "Northern California Cryptography Hobbyists Association"
would've gotten much attention, let alone a write-up in "Wired" (and
upcoming pieces in "Whole Earth Review," "The Village Voice," etc.).
(Perhaps you out there who first heard about us via an article in "Mondo,"
or "Wired," or a reference someplace, like MindVox or sci.crypt, can tell
us what grabbed your attention, what you liked and disliked about the name,
etc. Just as feedback.)
In any case, it's much too late to change the name now. Publicity of
"Cypherpunks" has spread the name, lots of journalists are intrigued by it,
and it basically *does* capture the spirit of our group. After all, for
basic civil liberties and cyberspace issues, the ACLU, CPSR, and EFF
already exist and do a fair job at presenting lawyer-like faces to the
press. And for conventional "phreaking," the group "2600" is having their
own meetings. We don't have to be the group with the subdued and staid
And note tha the "Hackers Conference" has not changed _their_  name,
either, despite the negative publicity given the name. (A meta-rule: There
is no such thing as negative publicity. All they have to do is spell your
name right. Ironically, in a recent "MacWorld" column, Steven Levy
misspelled our name as "Cipherpunks." He got it right in his "Wired" piece,
* As for respectablity, is our goal to be "co-opted" into the
Establishment? (Geez. these words I'm writing could've been written in
1968!) Is it to be a respectable voice for moderation and the gentle
process of negotiating? I think not.
(Note that the Wiretap Chip was *not* presented for discussion and for
industry comment. Neither the Bush nor Clinton camps presented this for
public debate--unless you consider Dorothy Denning's comments to be the
"trial balloon" I suggested it was last fall in sci.crypt...Denning has
made the curious claim that she knew "nothing" of the Clipper plan until
the night before it was publicly announced. This plan is a fait accompli,
production of the chips is underway, and AT&T has already announced their
Clipper-tapped phone. The best we can do is undermine the proposal, deploy
strong crypto as widely as possible before it's outlawed completely
(Clipper will fail if strong crypto alternatives are available...what do
you think Big Brother plans to do about this?), and continue to make as
much noise as we can about the evils of invading privacy in this way. I see
little indication that reasonable negotiation is being invited.)
* There are already several groups, as I've mentioned, made up of lawyers
and "respectable spokesmen" like Mitch Kapor and Mike Godwin (wherever he
is now). In a sense, Cypherpunks fill an important ecological niche by
being the outrageous side, the radical side...perhaps a bit like the role
the Black Panthers, Yippies, and Weather Underground played a generation
ago. (By the way, "The Crypto Underground" was one of my favorite name
proposals....aren't you glad now we settled on Jude Milhon's "Cypherpunks"
* Cypherpunks write code, as Eric put it. They write code, they build
remailers, they test systems to see how they break, they share their
findings, they ignore restrictions on crypto, they look at the consequences
of strong crypto, and they write articles like this.
* Now I'm all for respectability in certain ways, ways that come naturally
to each of us. When I talk to journalists, I speak in complete sentences, I
explain things in the most straightforward way possible, etc. I don't roll
in on my skateboard and say "Dewd! Yo bro, let's skank this Clipper shit!"
But I don't plan to shave off my beard, cut my hair, start wearing suits,
or be "moderate and reasonable" in my arguments. Nor do I intend to water
down my messages about digital money, anonymous systems, and crypto
"Let a thousand flowers bloom."  --Mao (not one of my heroes)
"Live dangerously." --Nietzsche (one of my heroes)
-Tim May, Cypherpunk
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-21 15:09:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Activism and Respectability 
Crypto Activism and Respectability, or, Should We Become "Suits"?
Several Cyperpunks, er, "Privacy Advocates," have called for the name
"Cypherpunks" to be changed to something more serious, more respectable,
less likely to scare the horses. Something like "Cryptography Privacy" or
"Cryptologic Research Association." Some even want a parallel to the NRA,
such as the "National Cryptography Association."
Further, there have been comments that referring to "crypto anarchy," as
I've been doing for several years (my "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" was
first distributed in 1988) is, to put it bluntly, "not helpful to the
cause." Talk of libertarian ideas, "If crypto is outlawed, only outlaws
will have crypto," and other such "crypto radicalism" is seen as
unrespectable, as counterproductive. We're not speaking the language of the
"suits," it's said. Middle America will be turned off by the hippie
radicals in t-shirts, leather jackets, sandals, and beards. (Some readers of this list have volunteered that they'd make better
spokespersons for the Cause because they are clean-shaven, they look like
good corporate citizens, and they know how to make the right soothing
noises to interviewers. I say, "Great! We need more publicity." Just don't
tell the rest of us California types, where sandals, beards, and jeans
remain common, that we need to "go corporate." Picture a "smiley" here, if
that's your style.)
I want to respond by making several comments:
* Radicals like ourselves have always been under pressure to conform to
societal norms, whether to dress in the "gray flannel suit" in the 1950s or
to eschew long hair and beads in the 60s. * Guess what? The message is almost more important than the messenger.
People have a pretty clear idea of what people are saying, despite their
appearance. And, frankly, my guess is that even most of Middle America will
feel somewhat more comfortable listening to a John Gilmore, for example,
than a Bill Gates-type nerd clone. People know honesty and sincerity when
they see it, and they know lawyers when they see them. It's been 25 years
since the hippie heyday, and most Americans have adjusted to varying
outward appearances. (Actually, they've internalized and accepted long hair
and beards....shaved heads, nose piercings, and body adornments they
probably haven't yet accepted. But most of the "crypto anarchist
cypherpunks" are of the more conventional kind of "disreputable"
appearance, so the point is moot.)
* The more serious message of toning down our calls for complete and total
access to whatever crypto tools we can get is potentially more divisive to
this group. We don't all have the same politics...some of us are
anarcho-capitalists, some are socialists (I hear), some are nonpolitical
(as near as I can tell), some decline to state, and some may off in their
own uncharted territory. But what we all seem to believe in common is that
no government has the right to force us to make tape recordings of all of
our conversations (to be placed in escrow, in case the government someday
needs to listen to them!), to tap our phones, to insist we speak in
government-approved non-coded language, and to use their "Wiretap Chips."
I said "potentially" more divisive. In practice, nobody on this list is
really disagreeing in a major way with our general goals of privacy and
access to tools (to borrow the "Whole Earth" phrase). A few people
disagreed with the way remailers, like our home-grown remailers and like
Johan Helsingius' (he's also on this list, of course), were being handled.
But that's the kind of debate we want.
* To some, like David Sternlight, Dorothy Denning, and Andrew Molitor,
these are radical, unreasonable, and subversive views. "Remember, children,
the policeman is your *friend*." seems to sum up their view of crypto. It's
hard to imagine just what we have to "be reasonable" about with such
people. A basic ideological divide separates us.
* I fully agree with many of you that the name "Cypherpunks" has some,
shall we say, _unusual_ connotations. Some will assume we're skateboarding
geeks, others will assume we're "crypto primitives" who pierce our bodies
and spend all our time at raves. But the name has undeniable appeal to
many, and certainly grabs a lot of attention. It seems improbable that some
staid name like "Northern California Cryptography Hobbyists Association"
would've gotten much attention, let alone a write-up in "Wired" (and
upcoming pieces in "Whole Earth Review," "The Village Voice," etc.).
(Perhaps you out there who first heard about us via an article in "Mondo,"
or "Wired," or a reference someplace, like MindVox or sci.crypt, can tell
us what grabbed your attention, what you liked and disliked about the name,
etc. Just as feedback.)
In any case, it's much too late to change the name now. Publicity of
"Cypherpunks" has spread the name, lots of journalists are intrigued by it,
and it basically *does* capture the spirit of our group. After all, for
basic civil liberties and cyberspace issues, the ACLU, CPSR, and EFF
already exist and do a fair job at presenting lawyer-like faces to the
press. And for conventional "phreaking," the group "2600" is having their
own meetings. We don't have to be the group with the subdued and staid
And note tha the "Hackers Conference" has not changed _their_  name,
either, despite the negative publicity given the name. (A meta-rule: There
is no such thing as negative publicity. All they have to do is spell your
name right. Ironically, in a recent "MacWorld" column, Steven Levy
misspelled our name as "Cipherpunks." He got it right in his "Wired" piece,
* As for respectablity, is our goal to be "co-opted" into the
Establishment? (Geez. these words I'm writing could've been written in
1968!) Is it to be a respectable voice for moderation and the gentle
process of negotiating? I think not.
(Note that the Wiretap Chip was *not* presented for discussion and for
industry comment. Neither the Bush nor Clinton camps presented this for
public debate--unless you consider Dorothy Denning's comments to be the
"trial balloon" I suggested it was last fall in sci.crypt...Denning has
made the curious claim that she knew "nothing" of the Clipper plan until
the night before it was publicly announced. This plan is a fait accompli,
production of the chips is underway, and AT&T has already announced their
Clipper-tapped phone. The best we can do is undermine the proposal, deploy
strong crypto as widely as possible before it's outlawed completely
(Clipper will fail if strong crypto alternatives are available...what do
you think Big Brother plans to do about this?), and continue to make as
much noise as we can about the evils of invading privacy in this way. I see
little indication that reasonable negotiation is being invited.)
* There are already several groups, as I've mentioned, made up of lawyers
and "respectable spokesmen" like Mitch Kapor and Mike Godwin (wherever he
is now). In a sense, Cypherpunks fill an important ecological niche by
being the outrageous side, the radical side...perhaps a bit like the role
the Black Panthers, Yippies, and Weather Underground played a generation
ago. (By the way, "The Crypto Underground" was one of my favorite name
proposals....aren't you glad now we settled on Jude Milhon's "Cypherpunks"
* Cypherpunks write code, as Eric put it. They write code, they build
remailers, they test systems to see how they break, they share their
findings, they ignore restrictions on crypto, they look at the consequences
of strong crypto, and they write articles like this.
* Now I'm all for respectability in certain ways, ways that come naturally
to each of us. When I talk to journalists, I speak in complete sentences, I
explain things in the most straightforward way possible, etc. I don't roll
in on my skateboard and say "Dewd! Yo bro, let's skank this Clipper shit!"
But I don't plan to shave off my beard, cut my hair, start wearing suits,
or be "moderate and reasonable" in my arguments. Nor do I intend to water
down my messages about digital money, anonymous systems, and crypto
"Let a thousand flowers bloom."  --Mao (not one of my heroes)
"Live dangerously." --Nietzsche (one of my heroes)
-Tim May, Cypherpunk
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-21 20:52:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Duplicate messages--Sorry! 
Multiple copies of my "Suits?" posting went out earlier today.
I apologize profusely, as this was caused by my mailer software (and me),
not by anything in the list software. Basically, my mailer program (Eudora,
for the Mac) would choke part way through uploading a message...sometime
numbers in the message, as in "Mondo xxxx" cause it to think data is about
to be sent and it chokes. (Why it does it on some files and not others is a
mystery to me. I'm investigating it further.)
I fiddled with the files and tried again...I didn't think any of the files
had actually gotten through until I sent a modified file through that just
had "Mondo" instead of "Mondo xxxx" in it.
(When the file transfer choked with an "SMTP Error," it left the file
marked as unsent.)
Anyway, very sorry! Deep apologies.

@_date: 1993-04-21 22:26:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Should we become "suits"? 
Perry Metzger has written a clear summary of his position, which differs
from mine. I won't restate my points, as both our positions are clear. (As
disputes go, it's quite minor...if a good enough alternative to the name
"Cypherpunks" were to be invented, one that still captured our
"no-compromises" position, I would certainly listen with interest. But if
something ain't provably broke....)
I will answer a couple of Perry's specific points:
I talked to Markoff at the Hackers Conference in October...he is already
aware of Cypherpunks. He placed a call to me last week, before the
Clippershit hit the fan, but I was out. His message to me in e-mail was
that he wanted to check up on what the Cypherpunks were doing....so clearly
he knows all about it.
As it turned out, he talked to others. I can only assume Eric Hughes, who
talked to him on Friday, filled him in on Cypherpunks doings...though by
Friday the focus had of course shifted dramatically.
I think Perry is overly worried about the reaction to our name. Neither
Markoff, nor Levy, nor Kelly, nor Dibbell, nor Mandl has seemed disturbed
by the name. And like I said, the name is interesting and acts as a kind of
"Schelling point" (a natural gathering place) for the subculture of crypto
rebels and privacy advocates.
I can only hope Perry is not referring to *me*!
Perry comments on my mention of radical groups in the 60s:
I wasn't holding them up as moral beacons, just noting that various
"niches" exist, in kind of a good cop/bad cop sort of way. Journalists like
some "color" and will seek out those who'll provide it. Readers, too, seek
some excitement. The "Crypto Rebels" title of Steven Levy's piece bespeaks
volumes. (Frankly, I really like the name "Crypto Rebels"...I should note
that some of the names we debated last fall were of this flavor, including
"Crypto Liberation Front," "The Crypto Underground," and "Crypto Radicals."
Even a whimsical "Cryptoids."  I guess it's clear that the West Coast camp
is somewhat more radical than Perry might like.)
Well, I think referring to our activities as "playing out fantasy games" is
somewhat intemperate and misleading. Sounds like rhetorical excess to me.
And implying that I, or the others in our group, don't care about the
outcome is also misleading and, I think, unfair. I won't list our
achievements as a group or as individuals, but I'll remind Perry that I was
the one who correctly picked up on Denning's tone in her Computer Security
Conference paper and posted the original alert to sci.crypt, the "A Trial
Balloon to Ban Encryption?" posting. Last time I counted, there were more
than a thousand replies--some good, some crap, some repetitive--to this
thread. In my opinion, this helped prepare the readers of sci.crypt,
comp.org.eff, Cypherpunks, and Extropians in the current situation.
I'm hoping you were merely carried away by the exuberance of your rhetoric
and do not really believe these charges.
I didn't argue this.  I was arguing that Gilmore, Hughes, and others, are
perfectly acceptable messengers to the journalists I know. If "suits" are
available and are as articulate, fine. I don't see any around here, though!
Sidenote: I hold to one other fairly debatable view: I don't think reaching
Middle America, Mom and Pop, our neighbors, the Silent Majority, etc., is
really all that important. The battle, such as it is happening, is taking
place amongst a fairly small elite. Others believe that Joe Average needs
to be sold on the virtues of crypto and privacy. Maybe so, but that's not a
battle I see Cypherpunks fighting and winning. If this is really your
point, that the Crypto Rebels/Cypherpunks approach will not be convincing
to the folks in Peoria, then I basically *agree* with you. To reach them,
you'll need Madison Avenue ad campaigns, Perot-style populism, and legions
of smooth talkers hitting the talk shows and airwaves. Not something
Cypherpunks have any intentions of doing, so far as I've heard.
As I said in my first message, perhaps a large lobbying group is needed.
The NRA is a useful model, but recall how long it had to get rolling before
the assault on the Second Amendment started in earnest. In this battle,
there are few lobbying groups, few sources of NRA-style publicity and
funding, and the government has *already* struck. Remember, this is not a
proposal, it's a done deal...our only hope now is to demolish it with
withering criticism, with sabotage of trust in it, and with the rapid
deployment of strong crypto alternatives.
(I don't want to belabor the parallels with the NRA, for various reasons.
Suffice it to say that with gun-owners, Americans had long owned and used
guns and the right was included as the Second Amendment. The NRA thus had a
running head start and had lots of sources of funding. The crypto situation
is much newer, much more abstract, and only has a tiny handful of active
users. Ironically, most of them are balking at paying *anything* to RSA
Data Security to use convincingly strong crypto, so I don't see many folks
shelling out even $25 a year for a subscription to "American Cryptographer"
or whatever. However, I wish anyone who forms such a group the best luck.
I'll certainly support them.)
Back to Perry's points:
Yes, you've made this point clear a couple of times.
Well, while the list is open to all subscribers, it has never been
intended, so far as I know, as a *resource service* for reporters! Perhaps
it *should* be, but that's a much different sort of list than we now have.
(For the Extropians who are reading this, it would be like making the
Extropians list a resource for those trying to learn about the basics of
libertarianism or whatnot, rather than a list for those "already clued
Several reporters have, at times, subscribed to the list, for brief periods
of time. They were mostly "lurkers." A couple of times I got e-mail, as I
suspect others did, asking me to clarify some point or send more
information. This I did whenever possible.
And with an open list, nothing can be done to censor or stop postings that
make us seem "crackers or nuts," to use Perry's terms. That's just the way
it is. The list is for crypto rebels and people fed up with crypto laws and
regulations, not as an educational arena for outsiders. And not for
sanitized discussions.
People on the list want to talk about digital money, data havens, anonymous
mail services, ways to subvert governments, and so on. They don't want to
just have some unified front that is palatable to reporters. (If I'm wrong
in this judgement, I hope others will give their views as well.)
Your ideas may make sense, Perry, for *some* group. EFF and CPSR operate
roughly in this way, with a paid staff of "reasonable" lawyers and
spokespersons (the newsgroups, like comp.org.eff.talk, are another thing
altogether...as wild and crazy as our list can be). But Cypherpunks does
not seem to fit the bill. We're an anarchy, with no formal rules, no formal
political agenda, and just a bunch of spontaneously ordered crypto rebels.
(Personally, I hope EFF takes a leading role in the fight. They have
recently been sidetracked into stuff about ISDN and away from core issues
like privacy in the electronic frontier. They have the resources, lawyers,
speakers, etc.)
As always, I appreciated Perry's comments. Some are reasonable, some I
disagree with strongly. Two hundred other Cypherpunks will probably have
their own views.
Enough for now.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-22 00:48:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Explanation of Clipper Chip Name 
In the days before Xerox machines, one provided copies of
correspondence to others by using sheets of carbon paper to make
duplicates when typing.
This is the origin of "cc" or "cc:" on memos and correspondence.
Henceforth, "cc" refers to the automatic carbon copy provided by the
"cc" chip, the Clipper Chip. BB (Big Brother) gets a CC of everything.
(I know, it's a voice encryption standard, and it's voluntary, but a
quick look at the "Capstone" chip reveals it's a complete crypto
package, containing the DSS government signature standard, and lots of
other stuff. The Wiretap Chip will be used for more than just voice,
I'll be willing to bet.)

@_date: 1993-04-22 01:31:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Volunteer in a Suit Has Appeared! 
I am pleased to announce that the Search Committee has found an Executive
Director for the newly renamed "Privacy Institute." He will serve as both
manager and as external spokesman for the Institute.
We searched for a respectable person, preferably middle-aged, who knew how
to communicate with bureaucrats and was prepared to relocate to the
Washington, D.C. area to act as our official lobbyist (the matter of his
compensation will be dealt with in a later memo, one which also explains
our dues structure. membership grades, and official bylaws).
Our candidate is an active poster in sci.crypt, is well-known to the Net,
and yet has strong connections with the Washington bureaucracy.
We feel he will do much to project a more proper, even anal, image of our
group. We hope his appointment as Executive Director, The Privacy
Institute, will go a long way toward improving the image we developed
during our first phase of existence when we were known by the c-word name.
Our new Director intends to immediately correct many of the wrongs he sees.
Without further ado, here is his name:
David Sternlight
I hope you'll all join me in welcoming Sternie, or Sterno, as his friends
call him, to the Privacy Institute.
-Tim May, Recording Secretary, The Privacy Institute ("Don't call us
(The preceeding spoof was brought to you as a public service.)

@_date: 1993-04-22 15:36:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Volunteer in a Suit Has Appeared! 
Lighten up, Perry! My comments in my lighthearted "A Volunteer Suit
Has Appeared" were not directed at you or your position. After all, I
was the one who first mentioned "suits," so my comments were not
targeted at you use of the term.
Perry, Perry, Perry! Please, you're taking my comments and
extrapolating them to absurd levels. Is this what you call being
reasonable? I haven't said that *anything* goes, rather, I've
said that the slightly outre image of our group is not ipso facto a
bad thing. But I don't want your time or my time or the list's time
this way.
Again, not true. All I can say is that I hope Perry cools off a bit. While the Clipper
Chip is indeed a serious and dismal matter, I see no call for such
anger and charges that I've admitted I'm wrong, that I want our
efforts to fail, that I want us to appear unreasonable, and that I am
"not acting on the basis of rational motivations."
It's clear Perry doesn't like the name of our group. Repeating this
over and over again does not seem to be all that produtive.
And the issues go beyond that of the mere name, which is a relatively
minor issue. My post about "respectability" yesterday had much more to
do with addressing the calls by some that our agenda be changed (e.g.,
reducing discussion of crypto anarchy, of guerilla distribution of
software, of offshore remailers, of digital money, of money
laundering, and the like), that we deemphasize the "crypto rebel"
aspects and instead adopt a more mainstream line.
It's clear that some are uncomfortable with these crypto rebel issues,
these discussions on the list, and the possible repercussions. Well,
these are the topics that got us started, and the latest Clipper Chip
is no reason for us to turn into a carbon copy of the CPSR, EFF, and
Nor is it a reason to lose our sense of humor about things.
-Tim May
P.S. I'm quite serious that my little joke about Sternlight was not
directed at Perry personally. I had already responded at length, and
quite reasonably (I thought) to his comments. The Sternlight point
came as I was reading Sternie's posts in sci.crypt and realized that
what he (Sternlight) seems to want more than anything else is to be
the "voice of reason" in the crypto debate. Hence my satire.
If I'd wanted to satirize Perry, which I can't honestly say I've
wanted to do, I'd've used some kind of material from him, or his kind
of words.

@_date: 1993-04-22 15:58:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Being Reasonable to Reporters 
Sorry, gang, but I just can't let this one pass without commenting:
Speaking for myself, I've been *very* polite to reporters. I can only
hope Perry is speculating about some Cypherpunks I haven't heard
about. John Gilmore, Eric Hughes, myself, and many other members of
the list have been quite reasonable, quite articulate, and quite
"nice" in our comments to reporters.
I hosted Kevin Kelly, Steven Levy, and Julian Dibbell each for several
hours, at their request, at my home in Aptos. These were for the
various pieces coming out in their publications. I answered their
questions, outlined the issues of privacy and crypto as I saw them,
explained the workings of new protocols, and so on.
Some of them showed up at our meetings, where they were well-treated.
The Levy piece is already out, in "Wired," and I've seen the draft of
Kelly's piece coming out soon in "Whole Earth Review." Neither paint
us as Texas Tower whackos nor as blue-sky dreamers. These journalists
are very well-versed in the issues. Julian Dibbell's forthcoming piece I haven't seen, but I doubt it will
be a hatchet job or otherwise treat us as crazies.
I think this qualifies as being nice and reasonable to reporters.
Note: I did not talk to John Markoff this time around, but I have in
the past. My understanding is that others talked to him.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-04-23 10:23:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: WIRETAP: boycotts 
What a great little slogan! Those stickers that say "Intel Inside" could be
modified to say something pithy like "Big Brother Inside."
Crypto Yippies (Cryppies?) might even wander into stores like Fry's and
paste them onto the AT&T phones on display. Professionally-made labels
might even remain for months.
Just another seditious thought.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-26 12:09:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: MEETING SUMMARY: 4-24-93 Cypherpunks Meeting 
Several people have asked for summaries (or minutes) for our physical
Cypherpunks meetings, especially for our "Emergency Ad Hoc Meeting" a few
days ago.
Some Reasons NOT to do Minutes:
* it formalizes a fundamentally informal meeting (recall that Cypherpunks
have no legal status, no structure, no voting procedures, no officers,
* some folks may be leery of having their names appear.
* the credit assignment problem: as soon as summaries are written, people
begin to complain that someone else got the credit for their idea, that
their views weren't mentioned in the summary, and so forth. * somebody has to take the notes needed to generate the summary.
Some Reasons IN FAVOR of Minutes:
* with 40 people at our last meeting (counting the audio conference call,
via Internet, to Boston and Washington, D.C.), with more than 400 on our
mailing list, and with the Wiretap Chip events, these are historic times.
(Fortunately, the list itself is a valuable archive of our history. Let's
hope good archives are being kept by someone!)
* folks who cannot attend physical meetings may still want to know what's
basically going on. (And perhaps other groups will nucleate and grow.)
* even folks who were at the meeting may want a summary, to keep their
memories refreshed.
So, some pros and cons to writing up a summary. What I plan to do here is
to just write up a very brief snapshot summary, oriented more toward
informing the non-attendees than to reminding the attendees of action items
or things they agreed to do.
Anyone with additions to make is of course encouraged to do so. Using the
"MEETING SUMMARY:" prefix might be useful.
1. The Meeting Itself.
Saturday, 24 April 1993, 12 noon to past 6 p.m. (when I had to leave).
Offices of Cygnus Support, in Mountain View. Approximately 25-30 in
attendance, including several new faces.
John Gilmore was selling issues of "Wired" at cost. An amazing conference call was made to sites in Northern Virginia (Bob
Stafford, Paul Ferguson, others) and to Boston (Marc Horowitz, Derek
Atkins, others). What was amazing was that the audio went through the
Internet and was DES-encrypted (for a while at least, until complaints by
one of the sites about the audio quality caused us to turn off the
encryption). Still, seeing an encrypted Internet conference call was
something...a small step toward the world of Vinge's "True Names."
Jim Bidzos, President of RSA Data Security, intended to just speak briefly
about the Clipper Chip, Capstone, and the view of RSA, but ended up staying
and participating for several hours. Mike Godwin, of EFF, was present at
the Boston (I think) site. Glenn Tenney, organizers of the Hackers
Conference and general activist, was also present for the first time. The
other usual folks were there, including many active in cryptography and
data security. (My apologies for not mentioning any other luminaries here.)
All in all, a stimulating meeting.
2. The Theme: The Clipper Chip.
This of course dominated the discussion all day, and was the explicit
reason for the emergency meeting. There's too much to cover here in detail.
Jim Bidzos and Arthur Abraham both presented information on the Clipper
Chip, including a long data sheet from Mykrotronx (sent to Arthur) on their
Myk-78 chip. (Copies distributed, and also faxed to the remote sites.)
There was some debate about who Mykotronx was and whether it was really
independent from the NSA.
Capstone, the follow-on program, is a superset of Clipper and contains the
DSS signature standard (which RSA Data led the fight against...and most of
thought it was a dead issue--then it appeared here!). No public key methods
are known to be incorporated, thought they may be. (Lots of analysis and
question-asking still to be done.)
Reverse-engineering was also discussed. VLSI Technology, the chip company,
is a partner with Mykrotronx and apparently has a tamper-resistant chip
technology. 3. What Motivated the Clipper Chip?
It appears the Clipper/Capstone program is initially intended to "buy
market share" as quickly as possible, with government offices requiring
Clipperphones (and probably for those they do business with). Perhaps the
intent is undercut competing models and make Clipper the de facto standard,
which can then be made the de jure standard.
Some think the key escrow features were added _late_ in the proposal and
may even be _expected_ to fail (fail in the sense of key escrow agencies
never getting rolling, issues never getting resolved, etc.). This fits with
the idea of built-in backdoor to the enciphered traffic. The Agency may be
more interested in quickly proliferating a breakable "standard" for voice
encryption than in implementing the key escrow idea. (Left unanswered in
this speculation is how court-ordered wiretaps would then be
executed...would the FBI and NSA simply acknowledge the weakness? I don't
think so.)
The secrecy of the Clipper/Capstone project was quite impressive. Bidzos
confirmed again, and convincingly, that he knew *nothing* of this whole
effort until the announcement (or possibly the night before, when a
reporter called him?). Apparently John Markoff, who sometimes reads this
list and can comment if he wishes, had figured out some aspects or had been
told them by a source, and was preparing an article for the "NY Times."
This may've prompted the announcement timing.
Several people commented that several previously-puzzling events become
clearer in retrospect, such as the then-unknown Mykrotronx sniffing around
to get an RSA license (which they don't yet have).
I can't recap all the discussion, much of which was similar to what's been
going on in sci.crypt and elsewhere. Everyone agreed that this was a
seminal event, that the Clipper/Capstone announcement is a crucial event.
3. Lobbying Against the Clipper Chip
The profound consequences call for major efforts.
We discussed boycotting products, spreading negative reports, and  reverse
engineering the algorithm and publishing it so software solutions can
spoof/imitate _part_ of the system (i.e., so someone with a SoundBlaster
board or other system can talk to someone with one of these Clipperphones
without escrowing keys or being wiretappable)
John Gilmore has already posted to the list the results of our
brainstorming session to come up with questions to ask the FBI, NIST, NSA,
Congress, and the Administration. Mike Godwin argued that a lot of
embarrassing questions could quickly derail the plan. Others confirmed that
the NSA mathematicians seemed to be put on the spot by the many questions.
That is, it's conceivable this plan could begin to unravel fairly soon. 4. Educating the Public.
The Boston group took this as their focus of the rest of the meeting (we
went offline after about an hour or so on the conference call). I haven't
heard the results.
5. Lobbying the Legislature and Officials.
Similarly, the D.C. group took this as their area of involvement. No
feedback yet.
6. What Happens if Clipper Flops?
An interesting discussion out in the lobby (and I probably missed many such
interesting discussions!) had to do with scenarios for how Clipper may
fail. Whit Diffie described how the failure could either so greatly
embarrass the Administration that they'd be loathe to try it again (the
Viet Nam Syndrome, applied to crypto) or that it could provoke them to
tighten restrictions even further, perhaps even to the point of an outright
ban on the use of unapproved encryption at *any* level. (Issues of
enforceability, detectability, Constitutional issues, etc., of course exist
and will be points of attack on any such comprehensive ban.)
(The question of whether Clipper and Capstone applies, either now or later,
to *data* came up several times. The Capstone chip is rated at "10-16
Mbps," which implies it is targeted for Ethernet-type speeds, and hence
data. There was general agreement by all I heard that the Clipper/Capstone
program is indeed intended to target more than just voice encryption and
that our fears about restrictions on strong crypto are justified.)
7. Other Miscellaneous Topics
* Since Jim Bidzos was there, the topic of PGP naturally came up several
times. Eric Hughes let this run for a while, then moved the discussion back
to Clipper. Jim Bidzos clearly had some strong opinions, but also did not
want this to be the forum for debating patents and the legality and ethics
of PGP. He did acknowledge, in my opinion, the point that RSA Data Security
had somewhat neglected the individual end-user (in products such as
MailSafe, which hasn't changed since 1988), in favor of the many large
deals with Lotus, Microsoft, Apple, etc., to get RSA installed in their
e-mail software. He acknowledged that in some sense this left an ecological
niche for a product like PGP to fill, though he insisted that such a
product could be legally developed and distributed if it used the "RSAREF"
package and wasn't sold commercially. (There are lots of threads and
keywords here: RSAREF, RIPEM, TIPEM, B-SAFE, Apple's OCE, etc.)
(Some of us continue to hope some accommodation can be reached between RSA
Data and the PGP community. The upcoming battle over strong crypto is a
bigger issue than this squabble. I remain convinced that RSA Data Security
is "on our side" in this fight for continued access to strong crypto. In
fact, in my opinion, the Clipper/Capstone program looks to be a complete
end-run around RSA and public key techniques, a thinly disguised attempt to
seize control of the crypto market from RSA. In this battle, RSA may be
fighting for their economic survival!)
* The issue of the name of our group, the Cypherpunks name, was not
discussed. The U.K. group has apparently picked "U.K. Cryptoprivacy Group"
as their name.
* The normal schedule for meetings will continue, with the next regular
Cypherpunks (Bay Area) meeting on Saturday, 8 May.
Well, this is my summary. Feedback is welcome. While I don't want to take
meticulous notes the way a "Recording Secretary" is supposed to, I don't
mind writing up these kinds of snapshot summaries.
May you live in interesting times, indeed!
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-26 20:14:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A correction, and another motive for Clipper 
Jim Bidzos of RSA informs me that Capstone does in fact use public key
methods, and that his company will presumably receive royalty
(I remember this being discussd, now. The government itself has
royalty-free access to the various public key patents, so I
understand, but corporations selling equipement using the patents would
presumably have to negotiate their own deals.)
On another matter, I saw in the April 19th issue of "Network World,"
the headline on the front page: "Clinton security plan hints of Big
Brother," with the subtitle: "Clipper Chip would let government
eavesdrop on encrypted voice and data communications." The article is
by Ellen Messmer.
Along with the usual quotes from the White House announcement came
this curious admission from an AT&T manager when asked why anyone,
especially a criminal or terrorist, would use a tappable phone when
alternatives exist. ---begin quote---
"A criminal probably wouldn't use it," said Mike Agee, marketing
manager for secure products at AT&T, adding that the Clipper Chip is
for the rest of the world.
---end quote---
Now I've heard several explanations for Clipper, ranging from buying
market share to the stupidity of criminals (i.e., criminals _could_
buy non-Clipper alternatives under the current plan, but in practice
they're too stupid to).
Assuming non-Clipper encryption remains legal, why Clipper?
It just occurred to me that perhaps the government is primarily
interested in tapping its *own* phones! Not necessarily as part of a
paranoid conspiracy plan, but because of the graft and bribery cases
that keep coming up, such as the Defense Department scandals uncovered
by Operatin Ill Wind a few years back.
Ditto for "leaks" from offices.
The Powers That Be may have looked at the coming age of untappable
phones and concluded that at least they make sure they could tap the
phones of those in government and defense contractors and suppliers,
who will be the only ones actually _required_ to buy the
Clipperphones. (Under the precise wording of the White House
announcement; we can all still worry that this move is preparatory to
wider restrictions.)
Lest you think I'm becoming like David Sternlight and looking for the
silver lining in every government move, I'm only floating this as a
minor wrinkle on why the Clipperphones may be being deployed so
--Tim

@_date: 1993-04-26 22:25:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: COMP.RISKS is where the action seems to be 
Comp.risks is carrying extensive coverage of the Clipper Chip issue,
including Dorothy Denning attempting to defend the Clipper.
Sci.crypt and alt.security.clipper still have more messages, but
comp.risks seems to be the place I check first. Being a digest,
though, a new one only appears a few times a week.

@_date: 1993-04-28 10:49:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Capstone & Preliminary Message Security Protocol 
Some info on Capstone and another program called "Tessera."
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Organization: Michigan State University
Summary: Defense Message System to use Capstone chip
Keywords: Clipper, Capstone, PMSP, Mykotronx, NSA
An article in the 26 April 93 issue of Network World mentions
encryption technology to be used in a proposed Department of Defence
email network:
Next year, the DOD will issue an RFP for a one million-user Defense
Message System (DMS).
DMS will not be completely compatible with X.400 messaging.
Therefore, to make it easier for vendors to bid on what will be a
non-standard email system, the DOS plan to release prototype source
code for its version of X.400.
The article contains the interesting sentence:
"Along with source code, it will release the nonclassified encryption
algorithm application called Preliminary Message Security Protocol
DMS places security features in the Mail User Agent, rather than
the Message Transfer Agent, as is done with stock X.400.  Furthermore,
PMSP will use the NSA's Capstone public key algorithm, rather than
RSA, which is used in X.400.  Therefore, gateways will be required
to translate between encryption systems when DMS is exchanging
messages with other networks.
As its data encryption algorithm, Capstone uses the same unpublished private-key algorithm as the Clipper chip.  [In a Usenet posting, Dorothy Denning says that Capstone uses the Skipjack algorithm, the Digital Signature Standard (DSS), and the Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA).]  Capstone chips will be provided by Mykotronx, Inc., the Torrance, Calif firm that also designed Clipper.
Military DMS users will be issued PCMCIA-compliant cryptocards
containing the Capstone chip.  (PCMCIA is an add-on interface card
standard oriented toward subnotebook PC compatibles.)  This interface
card is dubbed "Tessera".
Mykotronx claims to have already shipped 10,000 Capstone and 20,000
Clipper chipsets.
Does anyone know anything else about PMSP?
Mark R.  mrr at ripem.msu.edu

@_date: 1993-04-28 13:44:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Clipper Chip Questions 
Here's a fairly long posting I made to sci.crypt and comp.lsi about
reverse engineering the Clipper chip. Especially on the technical
issues about tamper-resistant modules and electron-beam probing.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,comp.lsi
(followup to comp.lsi added, as they may have something to say on
: My question is what is to prevent someone who has one of these chips
: (from a cellphone or computer or whatever) from taking the chip to
: a microelectronic facility with a decent scanning electron microscope and
: other equipment that is used to testing and analysis of microcircuits : and taking the darn thing abart and reverse engineer it?
: : There must be plenty of microelectronic facilities that are under : relatively minimal security (such as universities) for someone to
: try to reverse engineer one of these classified chips that the government
: plans to put into the public's hands.
I ran an electron microscope/chip testing lab for Intel, circa
1981-84. (We built a kind of "time machine" for imaging the internal
states of complex chips--the 286 in those days--and displaying them on
an image processing system which "subtracted out" the states of bad
chips from known good chips and thus allowed us to analyze the
nucleation and propagation of logic faults through the chip. Very
useful for finding subtle speed and voltage problems, as well as gross
faults, of course.)
Analyzing the Clipper chip, or any "tamper-resistant module," will not
be trivial, but neither will it be impossible.
Some issues, questions, problems:
1. Getting through the package to the chip surface itself is
problematic. Proprietray molding compounds may be used to make this
tough. (For example, carborundum and sapphire particles are often
mixed in, so that mechanical grinding and lapping also destroys the
chip. And plasma ashing won't work.)
2. Sometimes the package itself has "traps" which wipe the chip (the
data) if breached (fiber optic lines mixed in the epoxy, for example).
This seems unlikely for a relatively low-cost solution like the
Clipper. Papers presented at the "Crypto Conference" have dealt with
this. (The main uses: nuclear weapons "Permissive Action Links" and
credit card "smart cards," which use less intensive measures, obviously.)
3. Once at the chip surface, via grinding, chemical etch, plasma
ashing, etc., the chip can be analyzed.
4. Carefully photographing the chip as layers are etched away (or even
carefully lapped away) can reveal much about the internal operation,
though not the data stored in internal ROM, EPROM, EEPROM, Flash
EPROM, etc. If the Clipper/Capstone algorithm is embedded in the
microcode and not apparent from the visible circuitry, then it must be
read by other means.
5. Voltage contrast electron microscopy allows internal chip voltages
to be read with good reliability. Cf. any of the the many papers on
this. Commercial e-beam probers are available. (How voltage contrast
works is itself an interesting issue, and there are many good
references on this.)
6. However, operating the chip is necessary to read the internal
states and voltage levels, and opening the chip under "hostile
conditions" (read: limited numbers of samples, no knowledge of the
molding compound, no help from the manufacturer) often destroys the
functionality. It can be done, but count on lots of trial and error.
7. Metal layers may be used to shield lower signal-carrying layers
from scrutiny by electron beam probes. Intel, for example, builds the
new Pentium on a 3-layer metal process in which the top layer almost
completely covers the lower layers. (Extremely sophisticated
measurements using lasers (Kerr effect) and magnetic field sensing may
be possible. Count on a very expensive set-up to do this.)
8. Other "tricks" may route parts of the key circuitry through buried
layers, polysilicon lines, several layers of metal, etc.
9. VLSI Technology, Inc., the company with the "tamper-resistant
technology" used by Mykotronx (VTI will fab the chips), may also be
storing bits in very small EEPROM cells, which are very hard to e-beam
probe (especially without disrupting them!). Note also that Intel
bought a partial stake in VLSI. (I'm not imputing anything and don't
know if Intel is somehow involved in the Clipper/Capstone effort. In
fact, I left Intel in 1986.)
10. The easiest way to get the Clipper/Skipjack/Capstone details is
probably the old-fashioned way: offer money for it. With anonymous
remailers and digital cash, this may be much easier.
Just some thoughts on this extremely interesting issue of
reverse-engineering the Clipper.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-04-29 01:36:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
This is a tough posting to write. I may even be called a quisling, or even
a sternlight!
This may be the most important posting I make during this current
Clipper-Big Brother Chip controversy. I suggest that we as a community seriously reconsider our basic support for
PGP. Not because of any flaws in the program, but because of issues related
to Clipper and the potential limits on crypto.
Continuing use of PGP causes several problems:
1. If RSA fails to take actions against sites and users, it weakens their
legal position with respect to their patents. The government does not need
licenses in any case, but users of Clipperphones *do* (not the final
end-users, but the suppliers of Clipperphones to non-government customers).
(A case can be made that repudiation of the patents might be a good thing.
I know I have argued this at times. It's hard to know.)
2. The "guerrilla crypto" aspect of the PGP community (and our group) is
charming, but may be counterproductive. If we are viewed as outlaws, the
target even of RSA, then we have almost no influence, save for underground
(To put this another way, if we are seen as RSA Data's enemy, we lose a
potential ally. I am suggesting that a coming war between strong crypto on
one side and government snooping on the other will force all participants
to choose up sides.)
3. Supporting a legal version of strong crypto, which RSA Data-approved
programs are and PGP is *not*, is a much more solid foundation from which
to fight possible restrictions on strong crypto.
4. Our time could better be spent by solidifying existing RSA programs,
including RIPEM, RSAREF-derived programs, MailSafe, and so forth. This is
the approach several major companies have taken (Apple, Lotus, Sun, etc.). I've urged Jim Bidzos to work toward some compromise with the PGP community
(and I think everyone recognizes the positive aspects of this growing
community). This might include creating translation programs so MailSafe or
RIPEM can read PGP files, a reworking of PGP to conform to licensing
requirements, etc.
I'm hoping that Phil Zimmermann can see what the real battle is. The PGP
community is not likely to win their battle in court, and the effect of
such a court battle will be divisive and ultimately may help the government
in its plans. Phil Z. is most unlikely to ever see any real revenues from
PGP. I think the benefits of a strong, legal, supported crypto product are
greater than the dubious benefits of having a "free" piece of software. At
any reasonable hourly wage, the cost of MailSafe ($125, last time I
checked) is dwarfed by the amount of time crypto activists like ourselves
spend debating it, downloading it, awaiting patched versions, etc.
(All is not rosy on the RSA Data side, either. RSA Data chose to
concentrate on getting RSA built in to e-mail products from the major
companies and chose not to devote much effort to PGP-like personal
encryption products (such as MailSafe, which runs on DOS and UNIX only and
which hasn't changed much since 1988). Support for RSA Data should mean
more support for these kinds of products. We could essentially ask RSA for
a commitment in this area.)
I'm arguing that we should look carefully and see what the real issues are,
who the real enemy is, and then make plans accordingly. Awaiting your feedback,
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-29 13:12:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HELP! Some nut is threatening to sue! 
Dr. Zaphod writes, commenting on Jim Bidzos' e-mail to Stanton M.,
* The scare tactics may have been somewhat too harsh, or at least phrased
in typical "cease and desist" lawyer terms, but Stanton _did_ post his
announcement very prominently and widely in sci.crypt, where everyone could
see it. RSADSI was pretty much forced to react, lest they later find their
patents/copyrights/whatever ruled invalid by their failure to protect them.
Most PGP sites are less well-advertised :-}.
* I agree that PGP has a feature set (especially its distributed trust
model) that is more interesting than the creaky old MailSafe program. There
may be several solutions brewing here, as several postings in this thread
have noted.
* As George Gleason has also noted, dividing our community may play into
the government's hands. (Some may think I'm trying to fragment the PGP
community with these comments. Not at all. PGP has done a valuable service
in educating hackers, users, etc., and in energizing the community. But
keeping crypto "underground," as by nature PGP must be, is not what we
want, is it?)
* I once thought RSA Data Security Inc. was NSA-controlled. This was in
1988 or so, when I tried to buy a crypto package from them and got the
run-around ("Don't call us, we'll call you."). It seemed natural, to me at
that time, that the Agency would control such a crucial technology. This
opinion didn't last too long, as I got more familiar with the crypto
Now I'm convinced otherwise, and that Clipper/Capstone is in fact the
government's  way of gaining control of a technology they failed to
classify and control the first time around. (To be sure, the export
controls and other legal restrictions are a way the Agency and others
control the spread of strong crypto, but so far there has been no basic
challenge to the "right to encrypt." Many of us see Clipper as a probable
move in this direction. Time will tell.)
After meeting many of the principals, including some early investors (like
Alan Alcorn, of Atari fame, at the Hackers Conference), I came to a
different conclusion: RSA Data Security was just concentrating on the "big
deals" which are only now coming to fruition--the zillion-copy deals with
large companies like Apple, Microsoft, Lotus, etc.. This market is vastly
larger than the PGP community, which may be as "small" as several thousand
copies (does anybody have any better guesses?).
And it turns out anyone _can_ buy a personal encryption package from
RSADSI...it's called MailSafe. In 1991, I stopped off at the offices of RSA
in Redwood City, while on my way to Lake Tahoe to the Hackers Conference,
to pick up my copy of MailSafe and ran into Jim Bidzos. We talked about PGP
(1.0 in those days) and about the upcoming Hackers Conference. Jim made an
interesting offer: Anyone at the Hackers Conference could buy MailSafe for
$50, just by saying they were there. This fee barely covered the
manufacturing/packaging costs, as I'm sure you all know. So far as I know,
a handful of people followed up. (And I agree there's a perceived problem
that no one, especially in our community, uses it. That's why I have both a
MailSafe and a PGP key...I figure I'm pretty safe against any legal
charges, as I can always wave my MailSafe license in the air!)
Several other conversations have convinced me that Bidzos is not a Fed.
Also, his company has sponsored two excellent (and *free*, by the way!)
conferences on crypto, featuring speakers from outside his company (such as
Mark Riordan of RIPEM fame) and talks highly critical of the "Digital
Signature Standard" (DSS), which the real Feds were pushing as a weak
alternative to RSA digital signatures. (By the way, DSS is part of the new
Capstone system, unsurprisingly.)
* I'm not a lawyer (which is why I'll cc Mike Godwin and Lee Tien on this
response), but my understanding is that the RSA patents cannot just be
licensed on a "per person" basis...that's just not the way patents work.
That is, we can't just pay RSA a quite reasonable $50 apiece for a
perpetual license to the patents and be done with it. Instead, each product
that uses the patents must be separately licensed, as per patent laws.
(This doesn't mean the fee is anywhere _near_ the $125 for MailSafe, the
$50 fee I suggested here, etc. I suspect the deals with Apple, Lotus, etc.,
resulted in _much_ lower fees, perhaps just a couple of bucks per user.
Just a guess.)
* A "personal encryption" product, for users who don't use commercial
e-mail products such as Lotus Notes (which contains RSA), is sorely needed.
The PGP distributed trust model and other features, combined with a fully
legal "crypto core," could be a real success. (Personally, I'd like to see
a commercial version of "Eudora," the Macintosh off-line mail reader I now
use, with easier (push-button, automatic) support for PGP, RIPEM, etc.). * The upcoming battle for strong crypto is as important a battle for civil
liberties as our generation will ever face, in my opinion. The precendents
set in the next several years will shape this country (and other countries,
by extension) for many years to come.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-29 19:48:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: No Compromise in Defense of Our Privacy Rights. PGP FIRST! 
Matthew J Miszewski has asked some questions about my posting this morning,
and about my motivations (Wow! It's kind of fun to be the target of such
I'll answer his questions and points with nothing but the truth.
First of all, no "external event" has happened to cause me to change from
being a freedom-loving "crypto anarchist" to being some kind of "crypto
narc" (if you'll pardon the pun). No phone calls from Dorothy, or from Jim,
or from Bobby Inman (wherever he may be these days). No threats, no
letters, no knocks on the door in the middle of the night.
My posting this morning on "tough choices" was based on my best assessment
of the current situation and my best judgement on what we need to think
There are several points here. Is the purpose we're using PGP the saving of
a few bucks? I doubt it. Most of the hobbyist/hacker types now using PGP
are doing so because a kind of "community" has grown up around it, a kind
of "stone soup" collective effort.
I'm not trivializing the value of money. (Ironically, I chose not to go to
the recent CFP Conference because I felt $400 was a bit much for a
conference. A single seat at this conference would buy 3 copies of a
commercial RSA encryption package.) I just don't see much evidence that the
reason PGP is needed is because people can't afford the fee for a legal
version. (BTW, I've acknowledged several times the limitations of MailSafe
and the advantages in several areas of PGP 2.1.)
I've yet to see many people who "need" PGP who cannot pay for it. Perhaps
I'm wrong, but that's how I see it. In any case, while we may have certain
doubts about the patentability of mathematical algorithms, that's the way
the world works. Certain property rights are reasonable. Arguing that
RSADSI has no rights to a patent on public key methods is a different
matter than arguing that someone's need and inability to pay is grounds for
taking software.
(I apologize profusely to my Cypherpunk colleagues if I sound a bit like
David Sternlight here. While I think he comes off as a pompous fool most of
the time, he raises some important points. I like to think I'm raising them
here in a different way, suggesting a compromise in the greater interests
of ultimate privacy rights.)
A legal battle with RSADSI at this moment would cost quite a bit and almost
certainly be won by RSADSI. (The courts have upheld "process" and
"algorithm" patents...Caveat: I am not a lawyer.) I happen to agree that
some software patents are prima facie stupid--like the "XOR cursor"
patent--and deserve to be thrown out. And perhaps the several key patents
held by Public Key Partners (MIT, Stanford, RSA Data Security, and Cylink
are the partners, as I recall) should be thrown out. But this will not
happen anytime soon, and will cost an enormous amount to successfully
litigate (the lawyers can correct me if I'm wrong). I see no chance of this
happening before the patents begin to naturally expire around 1998 or so
(and on to 2002 or so).
Meanwhile, others are free to openly distribute PGP and face the court
system. (RSADSI must of course defend itself against all "obvious"
infringements or attempts to infringe, or it risks losing its patent
status. While some of us might like this outcome, it's of course not very
reasonable.) Stanton McLandish, in his admirable zeal, publicly announced
the availability of PGP at his site. When RSADSI sent him a "cease and
desist" letter (isn't e-mail great?...Stanton posts it, and Jim Bidzos, the
Pres. of RSA responds...no lawyers were needed, no lengthy delays.).
Stanton did the wise thing. I haven't seen others step forward to put PGP
in a highly visible position on their systems (and I'm definitely not
recommending it, either).
Because I think the larger issue is the preservation of the rigth to strong
crypto, the right to put locks on your doors without depositing a copy with
the cops, the right to speak in tongues if that's what you want. Fighting
the RSA patents NOW will not help this battle be won.
We're on a stronger foundation, legally and constitutionally, if we're
using "non-illegal" products. (If it came down to defending my freedom with
"illegal guns," for example, I'd certainly choose the guns. This is because
I don't believe the government is right in outlawing guns. If the
government ever outlaws strong crypto, you can be sure I'll be using outlaw
crypto.  The difference with the current situation is that crypto per se
has not yet come under regulation.)
I'm definitely not proposing we "give up." And joining in a crusade against
RSA precisely when we need them as an ally is truly tilting at windmills.
(I've made this point before: the Clipper/Skipjack/Capstone scheme appears
to be an attempted end-run around public key strong crypto. You may not
like one minor aspect of this situation, i.e., that the work of Diffie,
Hellman, Merkle, Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman is now licensed from RSA Data
Security, but that's the way it is. Fortunately, it's a relatively minor
I hope I've addressed the main points raised by Matt in his thoughtful
post. Like I said, it was a tough post to write! I expected some
controversy. But the points needed to be said.
We should all thank Phil Zimmermann for what he did...he energized the
community, made a lot of people aware of strong crypto, and started a
community programming effort rarely seen before. But let's face it--bootleg
crypto (which is what PGP will remain in this country unless and until the
courts overturn the patents or RSA suddenly decides to cave in) is *not*
going to spread the way we want strong crypto to. Already, companies that
want to use PGP (probably because some employees do) are facing the
realization that it's not legal and that they are exposing themselves to
serious liabilities if they use it. This alone will begin to strangle PGP
in its crib, so to speak.
Furthermore, neither Phil nor any other members of the development team are
likely to ever make any money with this (something Phil would
understandably like to do someday). Better that Phil do what other
companies have done: arrange a license with RSADSI. RSAREF source code is
readily available for inspection, lest people fear that trapdoors or
whatnot have been inserted into the code. (There are a lot of issues about
the various versions of the RSA code, including RSAREF, MailSafe, RIPEM,
TIPEM, OCE, etc., which I won't go into here. Others are better qualified
All I'm suggesting is that we not quixotically (speaking of tilting at
windmills) pin our hopes and expectations on a climactic battle between
Phil Zimmermann and the lawyers at RSA. Our freedom to encrypt is more
important than that kind of ego battle. (Asking RSADSI to cave in and give
away their crown jewels is unrealistic. Asking them to incorporate some of
the features of PGP we like into some current or future offering is much
more reasonable. Who knows, perhaps even a full-scale licensing of PGP is
I'm hopeful that some kind of accommodation will come about so we can focus
on the real fight, the fight for our right to keep some things secret.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: in a state of flux!
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-04-30 13:00:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I don't take it personally... 
Just to let you folks know, I don't take some of the comments I've been
seeing here (and in e-mail) personally. That is, I fully understand that
emotions run high around these topics, especially about PGP, the Clipper
Chip, and patents on software.
This list is for discussion, even heated discussion. We're not here to just
complain about things we all despise, like the Clipper chip...for that you
can read sci.crypt. I've posted my thoughts and suggestions in this spirit. I'm not in a
policy-making position (how many of us are?), so some of the stronger
comments about how I'm reorienting the Cypherpunks list seem, well,
That others have said much the same thing says this is a legitimate issue
to discuss on this list.
By the way, I responded at length to  Matthew J Miszewski's posting because
that's the one I saw first. The equally well-written critiques of my points
by Lance Dettweiler and Hal Finney did not arrive at my site until sometime
after 2 a.m. this morning, when I last checked...though they were written
and posted half a day earlier than Matt's posting. Odd delays we're having.
I won't answer their point-by-point critiques, as I think my follow-up to
Matt and the various other posts by Eric, Pat Farrell, Stanton M., and
others have gotten the issues aired.
Just to repeat, I'm not in the thrall of RSA or anyone else. I just think
the issues are much larger. I'm not saying we shouldn't use PGP, nor am I
suggesting Jim Bidzos should serve arrest warrants at our Cypherpunks
meetings (I got a kick out of that really "over the top" charge...I took no
offense1). I don't set policy for you folks. Nobody does. I'm just one more voice.
Discussion won't hurt this list--if it can, then we're really in trouble. -Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, smashing of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: in a state of flux!
Waco Massacre + Big Brother Wiretap Chip = A Nazi Regime

@_date: 1993-08-03 23:01:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Inslaw and PROMIS software 
That sounds like the Inslaw case, in which their "PROMIS" (for
"Prosecution MIS") software was allegedly stolen/taken by government
agencies for various uses. There are many tangled threads to this story: the murder of Danny
Casolaro, back doors, Ed Meese, Cabazon Indian Reservation, Dr. Earl
Brian, Contra arms deals, Iraqgate, Israel, NSA SIGINT facilities,
Elliot Richardson, and on an on.
This story comes up frequently and was described here in Cypherpunks
some months back by Kelly Goen, if I remember correctly.
I won't recap the story tonight. Check out alt.conspiracy for some
discussion (though you may have to wait a while for this topic to come
back around).
My opinion: There's something to the stories.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-04 10:24:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Nice summary of NIST/PKP Deal in sci.crypt 
Ross Williams has distributed a nice summary of the current
NIST/PKP/DSA situation in sci.crypt, entitled "NIST/PKP scandal: All
you need to act."
It's 2000 lines, so I'm not sending it out to the entire List (and,
no, I was not the one Lance said chastised him, at least not so far as
I know). Anyone without Usenet access to sci.crypt can mail me and
I'll forward to you the Williams article. If enough folks are
sci-crypt-deprived, perhaps I'll post the whole thing.
Cheers,

@_date: 1993-08-04 23:58:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Offshore Data Havens and Services 
Crypto Anarchists,
I saw today a newspaper report that was initially surprising, then
utterly unsurprising (this is possible). Namely, that the "900" sex
service numbers, which have mostly been subjected to call blocking and
other forms of regulatory oblivion, have been moved _offshore_.
Surprised parents of teenaged children are discovering international
toll calls on their phone bills!
Short of barring international phone calls, the Feds can do nothing! I
love it!
I suppose if I followed the phone sex biz more closely, I'd've seen
this trend coming. (The "unsurprising" part of my realization is that
such moves offshore to avoid the regulations of one country are as old
as history. With the explosion in "degrees of freedom," which we
cypherpunks are riding, such movements become even easier.)
(Needless to say, the operators of such services can redirect the
calls back to the U.S., either via other phone lines, or via
high-speed networks. The Feds can do little.)
It really shows the "data transparency" of borders and the futility of
trying to legislate morality through technology. (For you worried
parents out there who worry about Junior calling these or any other
numbers, the "politically correct" (liberrtarian :-} ) solution is
also just about the only practical one: either control the phones
yourself, or have a persuasive talk with Junior, or just stop worrying
about who he calls--at least he won't get any diseases. The bad
solution, and the essentially unenforceable one, is to have the State
block certain calls, with or without the collusion of the phone
Things to Come:
* when will the first "personal data" agencies appear, which offer
dossier information for a fee? Information like rental records, skip
trace cases (deadbeats), alimony situation, arrests, etc. (I'm talking
about information which many of us need or want, but which "fair
credit reporting" laws forbid us to buy and sell. This is the "Mom and
Pop" data service I've talked about, where apartment owners,
landlords, employers, and ordinary people sell scraps of data--with
their actual or digital reputations on the line of course--to data
brokers who cross-correlate it in databases and then resell it.)
With these cypherspace tools (using remailers and some form of digital
money), we can have greater freedom in buying and selling data. This
may be criticized by some as "redlining," but I call it market
* preexisting medical conditions databases, similar to the above. (If
I'm thinking about insuring someone, it'd be nice to have some info
showing her lifestyle suggests a high risk.)
* data bases and information markets for medical research. Anyone
wanna buy some World War II medical experiment data? Banned in the
U.S. (really), but available on the digital black market...at least
some good will come of the deaths. (Cryonicists will be especially
interested in bootleg medical research networks, to handle the data
from voluntary suspension cases, the freezing of capital prisoners in
Third World countries, and similar cases where the market makes data
available that moralistic governments deem to be unethical or illegal.)
* to truly smash governments, we need to see the development of
information  markets for government secrets: Stealth bomber plans, CBW
formulas, Skipjack algorithms, locations of government facilities,
etc. (I don't envision this happening anytime soon, nor do I see it as
some kind of hackerish creation of the folks we usually deal with.
This'll take some money, some black market connections, and will not
just suddenly appear as a new newsgroup. It may already be forming in
certain circles...arms dealers, black marketeers, etc. What we can
offer with remailers, better encryption, digital money, and other
"cypherpunks" technology is a superior medium for exchange.)
Crypto anarchy is gonna change the world!

@_date: 1993-08-05 20:48:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Will SKIPJACK's algorithm get out? (Non-technical) 
Here's a posting I did on how Skipjack (which I deliberately called
"Clipjack") can be likely broken by groups like ours. The anonymous
remailers, and the alt.whistleblowing group, can be used to publish
details of the whole Skipjack/Capstone/Mykotronx/MYK-78/etc. ball of
wax as they become available.
Whether we can actually be the ones to analyze the chips or not is
immaterial: spreading reports that Clipjack is vulnerable will be
useful disinformation (reduced confidence, fewer commercial sales,
more acceptance of more provably strong software-based alternatives,
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.privacy.clipper
: Myself, I confidently expect to see Skipjack published in some Eurocrypt
: proceedings or other in the next 4 or 5 years, especially if the darn thing
: is actually produced in any volumes.  There is a decidely
: different attitude in W. Europe towards this sort of thing.
: It's mostly a question of economics.  Will someone, somewhere put out the
: bucks to do a "tear down" of the chip and figure out how it works.  I could
: imagine some crypto company in Europe doing just that and being also motivated
: to publish what they find for competitive reasons. . . Some of us plan to do just this: once "Clipjack" phones are finalized
and on sale and/or Mykotronx is selling finalized chips, they'll be
looked at.
I once ran Intel's electron-beam testing lab, so I have some
familiarity with looking at chips, including ostensibly
tamper-resistant modules. VLSI Technology is fabbing the chips, using
a process said to be quite tamper-resistant. We'll see. (While
publishing the algorithm may or may not be illegal, there's no
reasonable law saying you can't look at something, unless perhaps it's
formally classified....will the Clipjack chips have "Top Secret"
stamped on them? Somehow I can't quite picture this in phones sold
across the country and outside!)
(I'm not saying it'll be easy to do this reverse-engineering, mind
you.  Between mechanical barriers to access (carbide-like particles in
the packaging compound to deter grinding), complex-chemistry epoxies
to deter plasma- and chemical-decapping, various chip-level
countermeasures (storing bits on floating gates, using multiple layers
of metal, etc.), the access to the die surface may be very difficult.
The "smartcard" chip makers have led the way in devising
tamper-resistant chip processes, though their task is quite a bit
easier (stopping access to an active chip on an active smartcard, to
modify the money amounts) than Clipjack faces (stopping any
examination of the chip topology and programming which would reveal
the algorithms used) But given enough samples, enough time, and some
commitment, the secrets of Clipjack will fall.)
As a "Cypherpunk" (cf. cover of "Wired"  "Whole Earth Review" Summer '93,
and the current (8-2-93) "Village Voice" cover story), I see no reason
not to publish the details. This'll let other folks build phones and other
comm systems which spoof or defeat the Clipjack system, especially the
disgusting and thoroughly un-American "key escrow" system.
Naturally, we'll use our "anonymous remailers" (multiple reroutings of
messages, with each node decrypting with its key and passing on what's
left to the next chosen node....diffusion and confusion, a la Chaum's
1981 "CACM" paper on "digital mixes") to protect ourselves. No sense
taking chances that the Feds will view our "liberation" efforts with
disfavor and hit us with charges they devise (violations of Munitions
Act, RICO, sedition, etc.). This is how some of our members were able
to "liberate" secret Mykotoxin documents from the dumpsters of
Mykotoxin (something the Supremes have said is OK for law enforcement
to do, by the way) and post them anonymously to our mailing list (I
believe these docs were then posted to alt.whistleblowers, but they were
only _mentioned_ on sci.crypt, not actually posted).
I expect at least _three_ separate groups are preparing to break the
Clipjack algorithm, at least as embodied in the Clipper/Skipjack chips
that come on the market.
Breaking the system also allows independent observers to see if it
does in fact contain deliberate weaknesses (though the focus on
"weaknesses" is secondary to the basic issue of "key escrow" as a
concept--it is key escrow, especially mandatory key escrow, that is
the real issue. (Mandatory key escrow is not yet part of law, to be
fair, but still "in the wind"...we won't really know for a few more
years whether the "voluntary" key escrow system will become mandatory)
It'll also be interesting to see how Clipjack phone customers react to
the revelations of the algorithms.
Crypto anarchy means never having to say you're sorry.
Yours in the struggle, -Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-06 00:13:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cliphack? 
Yes, there's a lot of resonance in the names "skipjack," "clipjack,"
"cliphack,". "hijack," etc.
If t-shirt slogans are still of interest (they will be someday...),
how about:
"Skipjack hijacks our privacy."
"Has your privacy been hijacked by Skipjack?"
Of course, just as the "Clipper" puns and jokes were gathering steam,
the Feds went and changed the name on us, so it may happen again.
By the way, I think I was about the 2nd or 3rd person in sci.crypt to
comment on the Clipper announcenment, and it was immediately obvious
 "By
the way, the "Clipper" name...isn't this already used for the
Clipper processor from Intergraph? I doubt they're the ones making the
chip, so a name conflict may be present."
If it took me approximately 19.2 seconds to realize a name problem
existed, how come the boys in Washington worked so long on this clever
little name and then said "Duh...we didn't know."?
Methinks they're as stupid as we make them out to be.

@_date: 1993-08-06 00:30:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, keep your powder dry.... 
Here's a post that pretty much confirms that Dorothy Denning is
leaning toward schemes that outlaw competitors to Skipjack.
She continues to be the chief "Floater of Trial Balloons" (either
that, or she's awfully prescient) and I would suggest anything she
says about possible bans or restrictions on crypto that competes with
Skipjack be taken very seriously.
I'm trying not to be catty about Prof. Denning (even though I slipped
up a while back and called her "the wicked witch of the East"), but
I'm beginning to think we can automatically replace all occurrences of
her name with "According to a senior Administration official..."
Anyway, here it is:
Newsgroups: alt.privacy.clipper
Path: netcom.com!csus.edu!decwrl!decwrl!olivea!uunet!noc.near.net!chpc.chpc.org!rboudrie
Lines: 16
The August 1993 issue of Security Management (American Society for
Industrial Security) has a one page article on Clipper entitled "The Clipper Chip Debate" by Lisa Arbetter.  The article goes over
a few of the issues discussed in this group, and includes the
following :
     She also conclused that getting criminals to use the system
     will be a problem.  As a solution, Denning suggests legislation
     tlat places some constraints on the use of other products.  This
     would force them to come up with their own solutions, costing them
     time and money that they might not be willing to sacrifice, she
     explains.m

@_date: 1993-08-06 01:48:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, keep your powder dry.... 
At the risk of stating the obvious, I think it is precisely schemes
like this that Denning was referring to. These are what she wants to
Several groups have proposed crypto phones, most using CELP and
SoundBlaster-type cards for PCs. Recall that the Cypherpunks in
Silicon Valley, Washington, D.C., and Boston/Cambridge linked up with
encrypted audio links (albeit briefly). Such things are possible, for
But as "street corner drug dealers" start to use encryption (it could
happen...the "phase changes" to beepers and cellular phones happened
in a matter of months), there will be calls for restrictions to "keep
"unbreakable codes' out of the hands of criminals and terrorists.
As several others have noted, various nonlegislative measures can be
used....requirements for certification of all "devices" attached to
phone lines might be one such measure (never mind the futility of
enforcement). The ban on using crypto in ham radio transmissions is
illustrative. If Denning and her associates are already talking about the need to
make non-Clipper use more difficult (read: outlawed), then it is
likely the legislation is already being drawn up in some form.

@_date: 1993-08-06 12:18:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, keep your powder dry.... 
And this is not a flame back. I put "street corner drug dealers" in
quotes precisely to make an ironic point, that the Congresscritters
who make the laws will be citing these "street corner drug dealers" as
the justification of laws cracking down on crypto.
A code phrase, if you will.
Clearly there are many levels of drug distribution. Actually, I favor
complete and total drug legalization, and so I don't view drug
smuggling or sales as an kind of real crime. I just cited this is a
very likely rationale for crypto legislation--it certainly is not a
rationale many of us support.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-06 20:08:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks in Washington and Boston: Read this 
Cypherpunks in Washington, Boston, Atlanta, Dallas, Seattle, (and if someone wants to forward this to the Extropians list, which I
am temporarily taking a break from, I'm sure some of them would be interested)
The Internet service I use, NETCOM, is expanding into these cities,
offering flat-rate service for $17.50 a month (if paid by credit
card). I have no connection with them except for being a satisfied
Many hacker friends of mine have NETCOM accounts, even if they have
ordinary corporate addresses as well (at a Bay Area Extropians lunch,
about 8 out of the dozen folks had NETCOM accounts). After all, NETCOM
can't lay you off, can't complain about what you say, and essentially
can't be leaned on by the Feds (not yet tested, but likely). A useful
service. Some people use it mostly for their mail, and then just
telnet to NETCOM to grab it.
(NETCOM provides 5 MB for your files, but charges beyond that.)
NETCOM also carries every newsgroup I've ever heard of, 4560 of them
at last count, and even carried the controversial group
"alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children," about which I wrote a while
back (I mention this mainly to show how much of a hands-off policy
NETCOM takes). So far as I know, NETCOM has only kicked people out for
advertising competing Internet services blatantly, in the netcom.*
locall groups. Everything else seems to be fair game. (Some of the
most notorious Net bozos are NETCOM folks, indicating further the
freedom we have....I can't imagine any user on NETCOM being
"disciplined" for racist, sexist, homophobic, or speciesist remarks.)
And a full range of editors, newsreaders, mailreaders, ftp access,
telnet, etc...all the usual stuff, managed well. There are usually
enough modems to allow me to get on anytime I want to. And, to repeat,
there are no connect charges and no time limits. If you're within the
local call range of the nearest POP, you can stay logged-on as long as
you like with no charges.
It changed my life, no kidding.
Here's the announcement:
Xref: netcom.com netcom.announce:86 netcom.internet:1191 netcom.general:10006
Newsgroups: netcom.announce,netcom.internet,netcom.general
Path: netcom.com!info
Distribution: netcom
Approved: Info
Lines: 86
FYI:   NETCOM On-line Communication Services, Incorporated is pleased to
announce  the expansion of the NETCOM  backbone into Seattle, WA,
Dallas, TX, Atlanta, GA, Washington, DC, and  Boston,  MA.   Each
of the new Points of Presence (POPs) will support a full range of
network services including:
      o  Internet Connections (T1 & 56kb dedicated and dialup)
      o  News/Mail feeds with Domain service
      o  Business Dial-up access (news/mail/ftp/telnet/shell)
      o  Host dial-up (stock reports, US News, news/mail/ftp/telnet/shell)
      o  Personal Network (SLIP/PPP) Connections (PNC)
      o  FrameConnect Internet Services
NETCOM can be your gateway  to  economical  communications  world
wide.   A  connection to the NETCOM state-of-the-art network will
deliver connectivity at very affordable  prices.   NETCOM  offers
Internet  connections,  news feeds, electronic mail, local access
points throughout California, source archives, large discounts on
communication equipment, consulting, and everything you would ex-
pect from a leading communications service provider.
To access the guest account, make sure  that  your  communication
settings  are 8-1-N and use vt100 for a terminal emulator.  After
you connect, log in as "guest".  Remember,  you  must  use  lower
case   letters.   You  can  also  log  in  via  telnet  by  using
netcom.netcom.com or an IP address of 192.100.81.100.   The  fol-
lowing  are  a  few  of the local access 1200/2400/9600 V.32/V.42
  o Atlanta and greater Metro area  (Aug 31) ........  (404) 303-9765   o Boston and greater Metro area   (Aug 31) ........  (617) 237-8600
  o Washington DC, Falls Church, Arlington, Vienna,
    Reston, Alexandria, Fairfax, McLean (Aug 31).....  (703) 255-5951
  o Dallas, TX ......................................  (214) 753-0045
  o Seattle, Bellevue, Bothell,  Bothell-Duval
    Des Moines, Halls Lake, Issaquaah, Kent, Kirkland,     Renton, Richmond Beach, Maple Valley ............. (206) 547-5992
  o Portland, Beaverton, Burlington, Forest Grove,
    Corbett, Gresham, Hillsboro, Lake Oswego, Sandy,     Redland, Scholls, Stafford, Sunnyside, Tigard .... (503) 626-6833
  o San Francisco, Sausalito, San Mateo, Foster City   (415) 985-5650
  o Sacramento, Folsom, Orangevale, Citrus Heights,     Rancho Cordova, Carmichael ......................  (916) 965-1371
  o Los Angeles, Inglewood, Beverly Hills, El Segundo,
    Santa Monica, Manhattan Beach, Van Nuys, Culver .  (310) 842-8835
  o Irvine, Anaheim, Fullerton, Laguna Beach, Orange,
    Santa Ana, Westminster ........................... (714) 708-3800   o San Diego, El Cajon, La Jolla, La Mesa, Linda Mesa,
    and Mira Visa  ................................... (619) 234-0524
  o Santa Cruz, Scotts Valley, Bolder Creek  ......... (408) 459-9851
  o San Francisco, Berkeley, Oakland, Albany
    Richmond, Alameda, Piedmont, Belvedere, Orinda,     Moraga, San Pablo,  Lafayette, Emeryville,     & Brisbane  ...................................... (510) 865-9004   o San Jose, Campbell, Almaden, Cupertino, Los Gatos,
    Saratoga, Sunnyvale, Santa Clara, & Milpitas  .... (408) 241-9760   o Stanford, Mt View, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Palo Alto,
    Redwood City  .................................... (415) 328-9940
  o Pleasanton, Fremont, Hayward, Livermore, Bishop,     San Ramon, Dublin, Newark, Danville, Sunol, and     Bishop Ranch  .................................... (510) 426-6610
                 VOICE:        (408) 554-8649
                   FAX:        (408) 241-9145
  Local Access Numbers:        (800) 488-2558
info at netcom.com  (408)554-8649    NETCOM On-line Communication Services, Inc.

@_date: 1993-08-07 11:59:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Ayn Rand and Crypto-Anarchy 
Yes, lots of parallels. I read Rand when I was 16, was mightily
influenced, but have been unable to read her since. Just the writing
style, I suppose. Other people tell me the same thing, that you
basically have to read her when you're young and impressionable. (put
a smiley here if you like)
Rand later in her life denounced libertarians, let alone the even more
extreme anarcho-capitalists. And the crypto anarchists of today are
beyond even anarcho-capitalism.
But her ideas were of utmost importance. In fact, in 1988, I set out
to write a novel that would "update" "Atlas Shrugged." It's still
languishing, but many of the ideas I developed while attending Crypto
conferences, reading Vinge ("True Names") and Card ("Ender's Game"),
and exploring the implications of fully anonymous communication and
trade found their way into my "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" that year.
So, I would agree that Rand was one of the prime motivators of crypto
anarchy. What she wanted to do with material technology (mirrors over
Galt's Gulch) is _much_ more easily done with mathematical technology.
Someday I'll repost my essay "Libertaria in Cyberspace" to this List.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-09 12:26:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Libertaria in Cyberspace 
"Libertaria in Cyberspace"
Your wish is my command! Originally written for the "Extropians" mailing
list, nearly a year ago, there are undoubtedly things that could be changed
or improved. Reaching this state of "Libertaria," if it ever happens, will take a lot
more than the Cypherpunks remailers of today. Digital money, truly
anonymous transactions (a la Chaum's "Dining Cryptographers Net"), digital
escrow services, reputations, etc., are all needed.
Here it is:
X-Original-Message-Id: <9209011842.AA14649 at netcom.netcom.com>
X-Extropian-Date: Remailed on September 1, 372 P.N.O. [18:42:47 UTC]
LIBERTARIA IN CYBERSPACE
CYBERSPACE MORE HOSPITABLE TO IDEAS OF LIBERTY AND CRYPTO ANARCHY
Here are a few points about why "cyberspace," or a computer-mediated
network, is more hospitable than physical locations for the kind of
"crypto anarchy" libertarian system I've been describing.
Several folks have commented recently about ocean-going libertarian
havens, supertankers used as data havens, and so forth. In the 1970s,
especially, there were several unsuccessful attempts to acquire
islands in the Pacific for the site of what some called "Libertaria."
(Some keywords: Vanuatu, Minerva, Mike Oliver, Tonga)
Obtaining an entire island is problematic. Getting the consent of the
residents is one issue (familiar to those on the this list who
weathered the Hurrican Andrew diversion debate). Being _allowed_ to
operate by the leading world powers is another....the U.S. has
enforced trade embargoes and blockades against many nations in the
past several decades, including Cuba, North Korea, Libya, Iran, Iraq,
andothers. Further, the U.S. has invaded some countries---Panama- is a
good example---whose government it disliked. How long would a
supertanker "data haven" or libertarian regime last in such an
environment? (Stephenson's fascinating "SnowCrash" didn't address tthe
issue of why the "Raft" wasn't simply sunk by the remaining military
I should note that the recent splintering of countries may provide
opportunities for libertarian (or PPL, if your prefer to think of it
in this way) regions. Some have speculated that Russia itself is a
candidate, given that it has little vested in the previous system and
may be willing to abandon statism. If several dozen new countries are
formed, some opportunities exist..
The basic problem is that _physical space_ is too small, too exposed
to the view of others. "Libertaria" in the form of, say, an island, is
too exposed to the retaliatation of world powers. (I won't go into the
"private nukes" strategy, which I need to think about further.)
A floating private nation (or whatever it's called) is too vulnerable
to a single well-placed torpedo. Even if it serves as a kind of Swiss
bank, and thus gets some of the same protection Switzerland got (to
wit, many leaders kept their loot there), it is too vulnerable to a
single attacker or invader. Piracy will be just one of the problems.
Finally, how many of us want to move to a South Pacific island? Or a
North Sea oil rig? Or even to Russia? Cyberspace looks more promising. There is more "space" in cyberspace,
thus allowing more security and more colonizable space. And this space
is coterminous with our physical space, accessible with proper
terminals from any place in the world (though there may be attempts in
physical space to block access, to restrict access to necessay
cryptographic methods, etc.).
I won't go into the various cryptographic methods here (see my earlier
posting on the "Dining Cryptographers" protocol and various other
postings on public key systems, digital mixes, electronic cash, etc.).
Interested readers have many sources. (I have just read a superb
survey of these new techniques, the 1992 Ph.D. thesis of Jurgen Bos,
"Practical Privacy," which deals with these various protocols in a
nice little book.)
Alice and Bob, our favorite cryptographic stand-ins, can communicate
and transact business without ever meeting or even knowing who the
other is. This can be extended to create virtual communities subject
only to rules they themselves reach agreement on, much like this very
Extropians list. Private law is the only law, as there is no appeal to
some higher authority like the Pope or police. (This is why I said in
several of my potings on the Hurricane Andrew debate that I am
sympathetic to the PPL view.)
And this is the most compelling advantage of "Crypto Libertaria": an
arbitrarily large number of separate "nations" can simultaneously
exist. This allows for rapid experimentation, self-selection, and
evolution. If folks get tired of some virtual community, they can
leave. The cryptographic aspects mean their membership in some
community is unknown to others (vis-a-vis the physical or outside
world, i.e., their "true names") and physical coercion is reduced.
Communalists are free to create a communal environment, Creative
Anachronists are free to create their own idea of a space, and so on.
I'm not even getting into the virtual reality-photorealistic
images-Jaron Lanier sort of thing, as even current text-based systems
are demonstrably enough to allow the kind of virtual communities I'm
describing here (and described in Vinge's "True Names," in Gibson's
"Neuromancer," in Sterling's "Islands in the Net," and in Stephenson's
"Snow Crash"...though all of them missed out on some of the most
exciting aspects...perhaps my novel will hit the mark?).
But will the government allow these sorts of things? Won't they just
torpedo it, just as they'd torpedo an offshore ooirig data haven?
The key is that distributed systems have no nexus which can be knocked
out. Neither Usenet norFidoNet can be disabled by any single
government, as they are worldwide. Shutting them down would mean
banning computer-to-computer communication. And despite the talk of
mandatory "trap doors" in encryption systems, encryption is
fundamentally easy to do and hard to detect. (For those who doubt
this, let me describe a simple system I posted to sci.crypt several
years ago. An ordinary digital audio tape (DAT) carries more than a
gigabyte of data. This means that thhe least significant bit (LSB) of
an audio DAT recordingng carries about 8megabytes of data! So Alice is
stopped by the Data Police. They ask if she's carrying illegal data.
She smiles inocently and say "No. I know you'll search me." They find
her Sony DATman and ask about her collection of tapes and live
recordings. Alice is carrying 80 MB of data---about 3 entire days
worth of Usenet feeds!---on each and every tape. The data are stored
in the LSBs, completely indistinguishable from microphone and
quantization noise...unless you know the key. Similar methods allow
data to be undetectably packed into LSBs of the PICT and GIF pictures
now flooding the Net, into sampled sounds, and even into messages like
this...the "whitespace" on the right margin of this message carries a
hidden message readable only to a few chosen Extropians.)
I've already described using religions and role-playing games as a
kind of legal cover for the development and deployment of these
techniques. If a church decides to offer "digital confessionals" for
its far-flung members, by what argument will the U.S. government
justify insisting that encryption not be used? (I should note that
psychiatrists and similar professionals have a responsibility to their
clients and to their licensing agencies to ensure the privacy of
patient records. Friends of mine are using encryption to protect
patient records. This is just one little example of how encryption is
getting woven into the fabric of our electronic society. There are
many other examples.)
In future discussions, I hope we can hit on some of the many
approaches to deploying these methods. I've spent several years
thinking about this, but I've surely missed some good ideas. The
"crypto anarchy game" being planned is an attempt to get some of the
best hackers in the Bay Area thinking along these lines and thinking
of new wrinkles. Several have already offered to help further.
Some have commented that this list is not an appropriate place to
discuss these ideas. I think it is. We are not discussing
anything that is actually illegal, even under the broad powers of RICO
(Racketeer-Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, used to go after
"conspiracies" of porn dealers and gun dealers, amongst others). What
we are discussing are long-range implications of these ideas.
In conclusion, it will be easier to form certain types of libertarian
societies in cyberspace than in the real world of nations and physical
locations. The electronic world is by no means complete, as we will
still live much of our lives in the physical world. But economic
activity is sharply increasing in the Net domain and these "crypto
anarchy" ideas will further erode the power of physical states to tax
and coerce residents.
Libertaria will thrive in cyberspace.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-08-10 10:32:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We Await Silent Tristero's Empire 
Instead of giving my entire sig, as I usually do, I will isolate just
a single line of it:
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
We Await Silent Tristero's Empire!
For the Pynchon-deprived, "The Crying of Lot 49" is a novella about
the search by Oedipa Maas for the meaning of some strange occurrences,
It takes place in California. The _real_ Yoyodyne Corporation came
from "Lot 49," not from Buckaroo Banzai!
The crypto connections are many, even though "Lot 49" was written in
1966. A private mail delivery system, the direct descendant of
European mail systems, is in competition with the U.S. Postal System
(secretly, of course, as it is illegal to use other mail systems...a
lesson for Cypherpunks?). Mail is deposited in boxes marked
My W.A.S.T.E. address is Aptos, California, down the coast from Santa
Cruz. Now you know what that means. Now I've blown the secret.
For those who have found "Gravity's Rainbow" too cryptic, let me
recommend "Lot 49" as both a very quick read and an excellent
introduction to the world and style of Thomas Pynchon, ur-cypherpunk.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-10 13:52:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ADICO: Anarchist FDIC 
I suspect that verification that a physical quantity of gold is held
is much less important than that depositors can freely get back their
deposits. I suppose this means I don't see a real need for gold-backed
money. (At the national monetary system level, hard assets may be a
good idea, but at Joe's Bank I don't see any rationale for it having,
say, 132.74 kilos of gold in its vaults!)
The success of Swiss banks comes more from their reputation for scrupulous
honesty than from independent verification of their gold holdings. Their
"reputation capital" (a term Dean Tribble uses) is what matters.
Interestingly, a future crypto system will increase security by
allowing large deposits to be split into many smaller, anonymous
deposits. Some of these will be "pinging" tests from deposit-rating
services, some will be money being moved around, etc. A bank intent on
committing fraud will have a tough job ahead of it, and will be
quickly found out (thus, it is likely that people will split their
deposits into many smaller pieces, at many banks...and movve them
around based on the latest deposit ratings).
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-11 22:58:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Wolf's got a thing or two to say here... 
Cypherdenizens, I have been trying to decode this message which found its way into our group:
I've tried all the usual tricks: analyzing the whitespace, looking for
meaning in the names, etc. But it still doesn't turn into anything
Oh well, maybe the boys in the NSA just got their wires crossed (ac to
dc, so to speak) and piped GayNet into our list. If _we're_ confused,
imagine how Wolf and Jim and their pals must feel reading about
Clipper and CELP and chaotic compression!
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-11 23:33:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CA online legislative database access 
Actually, this is my worst nightmare of what this country could
become: a direct democracy of the most populist sort.
Prices too high at the grocery store? Quick, pass a law lowering them.
Too many bums downtown? I'm sure a majority can be quickly gotten
together to pass a new law. Much of what we are seeing in America today is the result not of venal
and corrupt government folks, but of them simply doing what they
perceive the people want. The people want drugs outlawed, so they are.
The people want jobs, so imports are restricted. And so on, just as de
Tocqueville warned 150 years ago (something like: "America's grand
experiment in democracy will last only until its citizens discover
they can use the democracy to pick the pockets of their
neighbors"...he said it more elegantly!).
I certainly am not implying that Lance is in favor of this. But there
are some mighty good reasons, outlined in "The Federalist Papers," why
a direct democracy is undesirable. In today's terms, we might speak of
it as having undesirable feedback relationships, with too much
tendency toward wild oscillations (mirroring the oscillations of
public opinion). The Founders wisely adopted a _representative_
democracy, with more dampers on the results a direct democracy often
(I would be less fearful if fewer things came up for voting, if a
Constitution truly protected basic property rights. This would
eliminate things like most drug laws, the motorcycle helmet laws, "No
smoking" laws (which, naturally, are wildly popular to the "majority,"
even if the rights of airlines and restaurants to set whatever
policies they wish are completely trampled), minimum wage laws, and so
on. I won't cite the usual libertarian points here.
I am not as hopeful as Lance is. "Electronic democracy" could easily
be the most totalitarian thing the planet has ever seen. Imagine this
on CNN: "This just in to CNN. Todays's popular vote on whether
citizens can use strong cryptography has gone 72% to 16% in favor of
the ban , with 12% either abstaining or generally clueless. To remind
our listeners, under this new law, effective tomorrow, unauthorized
use of a cryptographic system can result in forfeiture of all assets,
plus a 5-year jail sentance.  People we interviewed expressed the
opinion that only drug dealers and tax cheats would want to use these
hacker systems.  President Reno expressed satisfaction, saying "This
plebiscite will make America free.""
We certainly don't need more laws, more restrictions, however popular
they may be.
Besides, as Milton Friedman points out so cogently, in a free market
we are in fact free to choose. Anything that makes even more laws
possible is _not_ a good thing, in my opinion.
Having said this, the proposal Jim Warren is pushing sounds fair
enough. But not because it'll turn ordinary citizens into proposers of
new laws. Rather, it will allow groups to spot legislation early on
(this is one of the main motivations, the NRA tells me--yes, "I am the
NRA," to no one's surprise) and then marshal their forces to defeat
the legislation. Things like tax increases, new regulations, etc.
Just this Cypherpunk's opinion.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-12 12:08:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Making the World Safe for Steganography 
How do we make steganography safer to use?
An anonymous comentator wrote about my point (in the essay "Libertaria in
Cyberspace"), and then Eric Hughes responded:
With steganographic (data-hiding) schemes, how is the "unhiding" scheme to
be stored? If the user has a diskette labelled "Steganography" sitting
prominently near his computer, for example, and this diskette has just a
single algorithm on it--perhaps for stripping the LSBs out of GIFs--then it
is fairly obvious which algorithm is being used, and that steganography is
in fact being used in the first place. (However, what comes out of the
de-stegging, to coin a phrase, should still be meaningless without the
actual decryption, so I'm not sure what the authorities can or will try to
do. During wartime, or in many countries, I'm sure that possessing such
steganographic software would be a serious matter, but the U.S. has not
(yet) reached this point. And there's enough bits to play with on a DAT to
make the data bits look almost exactly like audio/microphone noise, with
the same statistics, spectrum, etc.)
One good way to further confuse the issue is to make certain steganographic
schemes *widely available* by wide distribution on CD-ROMs (to ensure that
nearly everyone can feign innocense when the Data Patrol asks them some
questions) or by easy access by ftp-type approaches (though this has limits
which are discussed later). In other words, there is no obvious "smoking gun" pointing to the use of
steganography. Or encryption, for that matter, as PGP-like crypto programs
could be similary distributed, someday, and only the secret key/passphrase
would be "incriminating" to the user. I'll leave it for another time to
discuss ways to hide the secret key/passphrase (perhaps in things like
Newton PDAs which implement "digital flash paper" in their flash memories,
or are carried with the person at all times, etc.).
A Cypherpunks CD-ROM?
Perhaps the Cypherpunks could someday even make such a CD-ROM widely
available, along with rants, source code, whatever. (*Very* speculatively,
someday "Wired" may even distribute a CD-ROM in one of their issues.)
Remember, the point about steganography schemes, like hiding message bits
in the LSBs of music tapes or images, is *not* to make the bits
"undetectable," but only to hide them sufficiently to make a case for
"plausible deniability." Thus, if the Data Patrol uses "Algorithm A6" (one
of many on the CD-ROM) on a DAT you are carrying, and the sequence "1 0 1 1
1 0 1 0 ...." emerges, you just shrug and claim ignorance. "Sounds like
noise to me." However, when the Patrol is not around, you apply, say,
"Algorithm Z1" to the DAT and then use your private key to decrypt the
bits. (How you secure your private key is another issue, of course, as
mentioned above.)
Some may quibble that this is a kind of low-level encryption...after all,
the CD-ROM may contain only a few dozen algorithms for stripping bits out
of DATs and images, so the NSA or FBI can simply apply them all, trivially.
This method would indeed be low-level (nonexistent, actually) security if
the resulting bits were a plaintext message. But the resulting bits are in
fact meaningless noise without the private key.
I suspect that such wide distribution of steganographic schemes will be
enough to ensure that users can safely retrieve "their" bits (using one of
the algorithms) without the authorities being able to prove anything.
If this analysis is correct, then getting various steganographic schemes
out in the public domain is important. Executable code--to allow users to
run the programs right off the CD-ROM and thus not have the code copied
(incriminatingly) to their hard disks--would be best. This code could be
tucked away in a small part of CD-ROMs.
What I envision is a CD-ROM (or whatever other distribution modes are
popular) containing this steganogrophic and cryptographic software  and
lots of other stuff, in other domains. That is, the crypto/stego part could
just be a tiny fraction of this "Hackers Disc." Speculatively, we could do
this ourselves, or work with "Wired," EFF, the Gnu folks, etc., to get
these programs tucked in someplace amongst their files. (There are issues
of platform compatitibility, which systems can read which CD-ROMs, etc.
Making the algorithms available by ftp is of course already common
practice. The reason I don't emphasize this is that users must download the
programs to their systems, thus decreasing plausible deniability.
(However, if the programs are just part of a larger collection of files,
like a "News Magazine" of a bunch of files, then these algorithms will be
just some of the _many_ files downloaded, and the user can once again feign
ignorance. This would be a kind of "stego stego," where the stegonographic
algorithms are themselves hidden amongst a bunch of unrelated files.)
I realize all this may be too complicated, that the stego programs
themselves  are barely starting to appear (I know of a couple of efforts
going on), and that the problem of how to claim ignorance may not be
important for a few years yet, if ever.
On the other hand, there may be value in getting these stego schemes
distributed long in advance of their being needed.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-08-12 15:53:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Spooking of neural nets and image recognition... 
I think you mean "Spooking of neural nets and image recognition..."
This technology is supposedly being deployed at Customs offices and
especially at airports.
Long hair may come back, as I hear that the _ear_ is one of the main
identifying points...ears are fairly characteristic of individuals
(not as much as fingerprints, but enough for a rough sort) and
edge-tracing algorithms can be run quickly. So, keep those ears
Of course, only criminals fear such security monitoring. Remember, the
policement is your _friend_.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-12 20:12:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Spooking of neural nets and image recognition... 
I'll comment on both questions.
First, Nick's question. Yes, the resolution is sufficient, especially since
the faces are right in front of the camera. They're black-and-white (so
far, but this will change, and the costs of small surveillance cameras will
drop further), and of limited res (probably not full NTSC). But adequate
for image recognition (though I've not heard of this being done, just
archiving of videotapes for some time period....see the movie "Rising Sun"
for some insights). Second, Mike's question. I have no idea what fraction are real cameras, but
I suspect many if not most are real. Robberies and killings near ATMs are
often accompanied with video footage from the ATMs, shown on television.
Some of the cameras may now be dummies, but this will likely change as the
costs drop further and as local communities push for more surveillance.
(Speculatively, I would not be very surprised to see private
companies--banks, convenience stores, daycare centers--forced to install
surveillance cameras. Big Brother arrives throught the corporate liability
laws? Orwell missed this one, though he got so much of it right.)
Comment: The case of banks having cameras doesn't bother me much at all, as
the bank already knows exactly who its customers are. That is, the
surveillance is not used to gather any information the bank does not
already have immediate and complete access to.
A much more serious situation will arise when convenience stores, gas
stations, and the like adopt the same camera systems--maybe they already
are--and begin to compile customer dossiers, purchasing preferences, etc.
(Credit card and check purchases are already being used, according to a CNN
report I recently saw, to compile such dossiers, so that customers can be
sent "customized" advertisements reminding them or making special offers.
Cypherpunks can avoid using checks and credit cards, for the time being.)
Understand that I don't support bans on such surveillance cameras--it is
always my choice to patronize a store--but I do object to situations where
the State mandates that stores have cameras or outlaws masks and other
efforts to hide one's features.
-Tim Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-08-12 22:38:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ATM AND IMAGE RECONGITION 
OK, you got me here. I wasn't thinking of cases where you might want
to deceive your own bank!
By the way, the folks you referred to as bums no longer like to be
called the "hygienically challenged." Now in vogue is "differently
Only a few days ago in sci.astro I had to correct someone who was
using the unacceptable term "brown dwarf." My Politically Correct
Online Dictionary automatically corrected that to the more sensitive
term "differently-sized star of color."
(To non-U.S. residents to whom this joke may be puzzling, "cripples"
became "handicapped," then "disabled," then "physically challenged,"
and are now, last time I heard, to be called "differently abled.")
The only real Cypherpunks links are the general political aspects and
the very important issue that in cyherspace we'll be able to be as
politically incorrect and oafish as we wish. The anonyomous remailers
are just the start. Of course, the easily offended will also have the
easy option of tuning out speech they don't want to hear.
I'll take the "technology of disconnection" (Kevin Kelly, "Whole Earth
Review") over "electronic democracy" any day.

@_date: 1993-08-12 23:58:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Politics, and Deployment 
Cypherpunks, Politics, and Deployment
I'll begin by addressing Hal's points about my latest comments on
steganography, move on to some comments about the niche that
Cypherpunks occupy contrasted with those occupied by such political
action groups as the EFF and CPSR, and close by mentioning some
exciting possible developments in using digital money and crypto
methods for developing actual, legal banks and for moving data packets
around in a new kind of network (called "Digital Silk Road" by its
This to show my version of Eric's "Cypherpunks write code" (even if
some of us mostly just write words!).
Oh, I agree with you! I've never believed it will be easy, or will
happen naturally, or will even happen as I, and others, think it may.
The real future will have a lot of surprises in store for us. But we
can speculate, help to flesh out visions, and look at possibilities.
Orwell did this with "1984," Vinge did it with "True Names," and
Stephenson did it recently with "Snow Crash," to name just a few of
the "futurology" novels that have influenced some of us a lot.
Agreed, and how it develops may surprise us. Maybe movie rentals will
be the first use, because of the politically correct issue of rental
privacy. Maybe toll roads in Europe will use digital money, as Chaum
has been negotiating for.
Implementing digital money deep inside the world of software and data
may be even more promising. Smart objects, agoric payment for storage,
for security, and for transmission, may be some early areas of
application, as the last section of this posting will report. And this
area will not require much political action at all...in fact, it's
probably best that we simply avoid telling the bureaucrats what's
going on at all. Present them with a fait accompli, as we (the
"technological we") did with personal computers, Xerox machines, VCRs,
and even the Internet itself.
The steganography stuff is truly minor compared to other stuff. Please
don't let my one big post on this ("Making the World Safe..."), or the
quotes by Kelly about me holding up a DAT tape, lead you to believe I
think this is central. For the articles in "WER" and the "Village
Voice" it just made for a good, easily understandable image of the
point that bits are essentially uncontrollable, that if the Soviets
couldn't stop samizdats, then the governments of the West are surely
not going to be able to halt bits at the border, or control what bits
are on the screens of millions of computers.
Well said, Hal. Certainly political activism is important. But so is
demonstration of actual technological paths. The political side has
been fairly well-covered, with EFF, CPSR, the ACLU, and other groups
fighing various battles (and missing others, or even taking the
"wrong" side on some issues...but such is life). The niche I think our group fills (and many members of EFF, CPSR, the
ACLU, and such, are in our group, too) is that of being a group that
is actually playing around with these various technologies. There are
groups of amateur cryptanalysts, of which we do very little or none,
and there are groups of ham radio enthusiasts, and so on. These groups
are similar to us in some respects, except that none of them are
investigating the same set of things we are. Who else is attempting to
actually _implement_ the ideas we are, at least as an entire set? (I'm
not suggesting we Cypherpunks take the credit for PGP, which was
already out (in Version 2.0, no less) just as our first meeting was
happening, nor can we claim to have invented anonymous remailers, as
Julf, Kleinpaste, and others were already doing this--and Chaum wrote
his "mix" paper in 1981. But we were and are "involved" in various
ways, as Hal himself was/is so prominently.)
No other group, so far as I know, has the same self-chosen charter we
have, to build and deploy systems involving "modern" cryptology in all
its many forms and to develop workable approaches to using these
technologies--public key crypto, digital money, dining cryptographers
nets, anonymous remailers, reputation markets, digital escrow
services, data havens, etc.--in new ways.
My point is that Cypherpunks fill an important ecological niche, that
the lawyers and political activists cannot completely fill themselves.
Nor do their interests lie in this area.
We complement each other.
And let me give fair warning: I don't think digital money and "crypto
anarchy" will ever happen in this country via the political process.
Rather, it'll happen through surprising, sudden shifts in the way
people do business, such as the way the Internet developed without
real legislative sanction (I'll grant it was never completely ignored,
and was subject to some kinds of laws. But mostly it just grew. This
is certainly not to say digital money will grow in an analogous way.
But anonymous reputation markets might, for example. Or offshore data
havens. Unless and until international phone lines are cut, it's hard
to imagine any law stopping such things. An outright ban on
non-Clipjacked encryption would of course be a major obstacle. Hence
the need to fight that with every weapon at our disposal.)
In any case, I personally am lousy as a political organizer and have
no interest in this. Personally speaking, to repeat. For those who do
have the skills, great!
Let me also remind readers that one mostly "political" achievement was
the creation of the alt.whistleblowers group. Though time will tell
whether this really changes things or not, it has the potential to.
This is just one example.
Let me close by citing some interesting developments which have not
gotten much discussion here on the main list. While the
"CryptoStacker" debate was raging a while back on the List, other
developments were continuing.
At the last Cypherpunks meeting, there was an excellent discussion of
how to to use existing laws to set up a form of bank that would do
business with digital money and that could use various crypto
techniques to enhance its business. (I expect this is a cryptic enough
summary!) I won't comment further, as the originator and developers
can comment on what they feel can be said on a public list. (They
spoke at the meeting without getting Nondisclosure Agreements, and the
Cypherpunks meetings are explicitly public, but it's still best if I
let the developers themselves do the talking.)
At the same meeting, Dean Tribble and Norm Hardy described their work
on "Digital Silk Road," a system for paying for packet transmissions
using digital money. (Their documents are available in the ftp site
netcom/pub/joule in PostScript, RTF, and text formats.) This proposed system uses digital money and yet would require almost
no legislative approval (I can't see how _any_ legal approval would be
needed initially, though when real transactions get big enough, the
Tax Man and his FTC/FCC brothers may stick their noses in). This
system could revolutionize the way packets of data are moved around
and could be the fait accompli I cited earlier.  If this succeeds
(long odds of course against any specific idea hitting big), then this
could introduce digital money and "Cypherpunks-style" ideas
ubiquitously and uncontrollably.
These developments could shape the future of cyberspace significantly.
Cypherpunks, we are making progress slowly but surely.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-13 01:32:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: T R A F F I C  C I T A T I O N 
T R A F F I C  C I T A T I O N
Distance travelled: 14.31 miles. Time elapsed: 13.86 minutes. Average speed: 61.95 MPH
Speed Limit: 55 MPH
Excess Speed: 6.95 MPH
Penalty: 6.95 x $50 = $347.50
This is your 8th speeding ticket in the past 23.17 months. Your
accumulated excess speed penalty is 81.03 MPH, resulting in an
additional $519 surcharge for abusing the National Health Care Plan
through dangerous driving. Your insurance rates have also been
automatically increased $125 per year for each ticket.
If you wish to contest this, pay the fee, pay a $425 court fee, and
bring your own evidence. We estimate your court date will be 7.23
years from now.
Have a nice day.

@_date: 1993-08-13 22:33:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anyone have the Gus Simmons paper? 
I recently scanned and OCRed the first part of the Gus Simmons
preprint on subliminal channels in the Digital Signature System, then
I posted this to the Cypherpunks list.
Eric Hughes has asked me to scan in the whole paper and upload it the
soda archives. (I cannot agree to OCR it all, however, as even my
excellent OCR package cannot handle the many equations, subscripts,
superscripts, etc. Eric proposes that I upload the raw TIFF file and
then Cypherpunk volunteers can, if they wish, open the images and work
on parts. Well, that's the theory.)
But I can't find my copy anywhere! Also, a couple of people said a
more recent revision is now circulating.
So, could anyone who has a version--any version will do in a pinch,
but the more recent the better--get in touch with me? Even better
would be to bring it to the Cypherpunks meeting tomorrow (the Mountain
View one).
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-13 23:33:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Solicitation of Tax Evasion--An Example 
What could anonymous systems be used for? Besides allowing anonymity
in posting embarrassing or otherwise "questionable" messages, is there
any _commercial_ use? These are questions I hear a lot. Yes, there are commercial uses.
Here's a case that just came wafting across the Net: a woman who wants
to evade taxes--she states this explicitly--by bartering her labor for
some software. (I have no problem with this, being against taxes and
all, and knowing that various kinds of untaxable barter exchanges are
going on everywhere.)
Here's her post (no names have been changed, as she posted publicly):
Newsgroups: misc.forsale.computers.mac
POSTING FROM MY HUSBAND'S ACCOUNT (mine's temporarily inaccessable):
Hi.  I'm a freelance forms/graphics designer who would like to expand her
software library in an inexpensive (& non-taxable :-) manner.  Therefore,
I would like to propose the following:
I will trade any of my design services (business forms, business cards,
illustrations, manual formatting, brochures, newsletters, any sort of
desktop publishing task that can be performed on a Mac ...) for an
equivalent amount of Mac software (got an extra copy of PageMaker 4.1
lying around that you don't need?)  All software must be original, with
documentation and letter of transferral.  NO PIRATED COPIES, PLEASE!
If interested, please reply to cyphrkt at eskimo.com and I'll reply to you
as soon as I possibly can (probably another 1 or 2 days before I get
my account back up and running), or contact me at (206) 778-3362 by voice.
Chances are no IRS types are watching the Net for such
solicitations--and the act of making such an offer is probably not
itself illegal. The IRS would have to investigate, call an audit,
prove taxes were evaded, etc. The existence of her solicitation might
or might not be considered.
But in an era in which every Usenet utterance is recorde in perpetuity
and is available on CD-ROMs for browsing and compilation of databases
and dossiers (you all *do* know this, don't you? Don't bother applying
for certain jobs if you posted too many times, or even once, to
Furthermore, anyone _reading_ this kind of post can, for example, call
an anonymous (semi-anonymous?) tip line run by the IRS. Last I heard,
tipsters can get 25% of any taxes collected as the result of their
good citizenship.
So, what can anonymity of the sort we discuss do here? After all, if
she's anonymous, how can a tranaction ever be consummated? (I'll leave
aside purely electronic transactions, which could in principle be done
fully anonymously, using a combination of "pools" (the "digital
democracy walls" I have cited before) and anonymous remailers.)
If Cindy were to use an anonymous remailer to post her offer, and then
offer a public key that could be used by anyone who wished to respond
to her offer, a response could then be posted in the same group.
Something like this:
"Alice" (really Cindy): "Want to trade consulting for a used
Macintosh. If you are interested, use this public key to respond:
Bob (really Jack) sees this, decides to offer a deal, encrypts it with
her public key (a one-time public key, used just for this deal), and
used anonymous remailers to post it in place she is sure to see it
(the same newsgroup, for example, or in one of Miron Cuperman's
"pools," or in "alt.w.a.s.t.e," etc.). Bob also includes a public key
she can use to communicate with him.
If they like the general deal, they can then agree (using only their
encrypted channel, readable only to themselves, even though they have
never met and have no idea who the other is or where they live) on the
next step. In a purely electronic transaction, this process can
continue digitally and fully securely.
If physical goods or money need to change hands, they can agree to
meet, to use phones, etc. The risk to Cindy is still there--Bob (Jack)
could of course be a government agent, etc.--but at least she is no
longer broadcasting her intentions for all Usenet readers, present and
future, to potentially see. And no future readers, such as government
computer programs set to scan all postings for evidence of such
illegalities, can retroactively detect and compromise her.
(If no actual physical contact is needed--such as for software sales
and consulting--then of course the contact can in principle remain
fully anonymous. Even the transfer of physical goods can be done with
moderately good security against tracing...smugglers, drug dealers,
and hijackers do it all the time. "Fences," they are called. And so
This is just one example of how "the little people" can benefit from
the schemes we are exploring. Understand that I have no illusions that
our friend Cindy will soon be using such methods...but maybe in 5
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-08-14 01:13:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Solicitation of Tax Evasion--An Example 
Yes, Ed is right. Easy to spot messages intended for you. And the
volumes involved in this "crypto classfieds" are not unreasonable.
Several comments:
1. As Ed points out, not such a large volume compared to the GIFs and
JPEGs (and now even MPEGs) being posted. A "classifed ad" is small for
what it carries (in terms of commercial information). That is, all the
ads we could write as individuals in a year would be less than a
single large JPEG image. And of course the ads could be packed in the
bits of such images, but I digress. And as Hal Finney notes,
steganography is not the main issue.
Ironically, though, these "crypto classifieds" represent a kind of
steganography, in that the authorities may _suspect_ the meaningless
bits are related to tax evasion, or solicitation of murders
(untraceable!), or sales of Stealth bomber plans, but they can't prove
this. The cyphertext could just as easily be love letters, encrypted
notes to lawyers (attorney-client privilege), psychiatric records (the
law now requires due diligence in keeping them secure, so encryption
is increasing here), or the "digital confessionals" of networked
churches! (These "legal covers" for crypto will be _very_ hard to
stop, even if the Administration wants to ban strong crypto. Telling a
priest or a lawyer that his communications with his client must be
wire-tappable will not go over well, and may be ipso facto thrown out.)
2. By analogy with publishing real classified ads in real newspapers,
imagine a "pool" site, reachable by ftp, that could contain gigabytes
of such encrypted "junk." (Incrimination of those who use such a site
can be eliminated by having it used for all kinds of things, and
encouraging everyone who retrieves something that's actually of
interest to them to randomly take a bunch of other stuff. This could
be cumbersome, I'll grant you.)
(Probably easier to just use UseNet, unless and until the volumes get
really large. When we last discussed this in a major way, probably
around last November or so, Miron Cuperman proposed "pools" that
people would subscribe to, automatically getting _all_ messages sent
to the pool. Incrimination is avoided, as above. However, using idle
UseNet groups ("alt.fan.chaum"?) will work just about as well, modulo
some concerns that who reads what newsgroups is theoretically
3. Satellite distribution, as with all kinds of feeds. (These various
alternative distribution systems--satellite, pool, newsgroup, ftp
site--are all just variations on the idea that nobody knows who's
reading what ads in a newspaper-type system, a batched transmission
4. How does the target of a message know where to look? Must he scan
through all messages?
Obviously not, as many indexing schemes can be used which do not
compromise the security. For example, he may know that messages he can
read will start with "BARTER FOR SOFTWARE." The sender's security is
still maintained (remailers) and so is the recipient's (he takes many
messages, or downloads a large chunk of them to his local machine,
where he can extract the message meant for him).
(And the messages may also be apparently meaningless junk, readable
only to the intended recipient. So that he won't have to decrypt each
and every message to see which ones he can open--and he may have
multiple transactions in the pipeline, all with their own unique keys
to use!--there can be simple headers which are very quickly decrypted
Or the two communicants, once a channel is established, can agree to
put keywords in their messages, outside the cypertext. Again, this is
exactly what those communicating with newspaper ads do: they use
Enough for now.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-18 11:45:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: OK to advocate overthrow of the government 
The (contentious) Libertarian Party "pledge" has to do with the
"initiation of force" in general. Most of us interpret this liberally,
or as we wish, and certainly few feel it constrains our agenda.
In any case, my understanding of U.S. law is that it's legal to
advocate the overthrow of the government, it's legal to advocate the
use of violence, it's just not legal to combine the two and advocate
the _violent overthrow_ of the government.
(I'm sure there are subtleties lost here. Certainly advocating
violence that then _leads_ to violence may expose one to conspiracy,
solicitation of a crime, etc., charges. But generally, neo-Nazis are
relatively free to say "Kill all the Jews," provided they don't
actually commit violence---things are changing with the new standards
for "hurtful" and "discriminatory" speech, though. And rap musicians
are free to chant about killing cops and so forth.)
Overthrowing the government by force has never been a mainstream
Cypherpunk position. Use of strong crypto to protect privacy has, and
this may have some longterm implications for the form of government,
however. (Things like enforceability of tax laws, of export laws, and
speech laws. These will all be affected radically.)
As others have noted, Cypherpunks have a range of political beliefs,
from libertarian to socialist to ravist.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-18 13:40:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Protocols are Hard to Analyze 
Fellow Cypherdroids,
Crypto protocols are _hard_ to analyze! Speaking for myself, keeping the
many combinations and permutations of crypto terms, channels, spoofing
scenarios, and whatnot, straight is very confusing.
This should be no great revelation to any of you who've tried to closely
follow the protocols for digital cash (coins, coupons, certificates of
deposit, blinded notes, and even "S&H Green Stamps"). Analyzing and finding
flaws (often subtle) in cryptographic and digital money protocols is
I'm currently trying to analyze a digital cash "coupon" system proposed by
Nick Szabo, and Hal Finney last night posted his initial analysis of the
"NetCash" scheme proposed recently. And the physical Cypherpunks meetings
have recently been dominated by fairly gory details ("gory" means highly
detailed and potentially confusing) of such new proposed systems as "Twain
(tm)," an anonymous remailer (and its associated pieces, like "Clemens
(tm)"...don't ask me to explain, as I got lost in the process!), and
"Digital Silk Road (tm)" (and its own associated pieces, "Joule (tm),"
"INDRA (tm)," etc.).
(Sidenote: I get worried when so many new protocols are already being given
names and being, to various degrees, "productized." Could this be a case of
"premature productization"?)
And anyone who looks at the "Advances in Cryptology-CRYPTO 'xx" books, the
books where the main crypto results are published (along with "EuroCrypt,"
"AusCrypt," and "AsiaCrypt"...mostly all published by Springer-Verlag in
their silver-grey paperback series), will quickly see the explosion of
complex protocols.
What's the connection with Cypherpunks?
After all, we all know this stuff is complex, so what's the big deal?
I argue that a group such as ours, devoted to actually exploring and
perhaps deploying modern crypto ideas, should try to *do something* about
the combinatorial explosion of concepts, terms, and confusing protocols.
It has been said about AI that 90% of the work is currently just
reinvention of terms of yore, with new ideas mainly being rehashes of
things invented 10 or 20 years earlier. My fear is that "digital money," to
name just one example, is showing the same sort of thing, with lots of new
terms for basic ideas, lots of complicated protocols which are (admittedly)
hard to analyze (to try to break, to try to spoof, to "game against"). Many
of these complex protocols simply _won't_ get analyzed in enough detail, if
only because there aren't enough of us to do the analyses.
(The obvious danger of _not_ analyzing a digital money scheme in enough
detail, with enough paranoid motivation, is that it gets deployed and then
broken by someone who knows how to break it--someone who has studied a
similar problem and knows the points of weakness, someone who is just
lucky, whatever. This could wipe out the developers, sow mistrust amongst
the Cypherpunks/crypto community, etc.)
Evidence that "protocols are hard to analyze" lies in the fact that only
recently has basic public-key crypto begun to spread...and there are still
lots of folks looking for weaknesses in PGP, for example. Almost nothing
using more recent protocols has shown up....no "Pretty Good Digital Cash,"
not "Pretty Good Digital Timestamping," etc. (Though our own remailers,
while very far from even Chaum's 1981 system, are interesting. Let's just
not think of them as "cryptographic" in any sense...they rely almost
totally on simple trust, a major cryptographic no-no.)
More complicated protocols, like the "Dining Cryptographers Problem"
(Chaum's paper on this should still be in the "soda" archives), are just a
_piece_ of what's needed for our longterm Cypherpunks future (which I
choose to call "crypto anarchy"), and yet analysis of it consumes
_hundreds_ of pages (see, for example, the Jurgen Bos Ph.D. thesis I
distributed a year ago at the first Cypherpunks meeting.)
Am I proposing anything constructive here?
First, I am not proposing limiting the universe of discourse on this List
in any way. Folks will always be free to say whatever they like, to use
whatever terms they wish. Second, I'm not pushing a particular agenda...at
least I hope I am not.
Here are some suggestions, some things to mull over.
1. Our archive site of papers and books is not available to many of the
folks attempting to develop new protocols. To pick one example: digital
money in all its various forms. The several proposals for digital cash
(digital postage, NetCash, S&H green stamps, Cayman Islands deposits, etc.)
are sometimes repeats of work done years ago--and shown to be flawed in
major ways. Workers in this field should of course plan to acquire _all_ of the
relevant papers, and probably should be at this year's "Crypto" conference
(too late now). There just is no excuse for trying to "reinvent the wheel"
when folks who are working full-time on something have already tilled the
field (to mix some metaphors). It may be true that gifted amateurs can
sometimes discover something the experts have not (after all, our fellow
Cypherpunk Whit Diffie was in some sense a "gifted amateur" in the mid-70s,
when nearly all "serious" cryptologists worked for the NSA), but it happens
fairly rarely. We need to encourage serious workers to obtain and read all of the
previously published material (the "Information Liberation Front," from
which little has been heard lately, can only scan and OCR a tiny fraction
of the papers that are relevant, and even then can't reasonably handle
equations and mathematical arguments).
2. We should agree on some terms, somehow, so that we're using a *common
language* and not wasting huge amounts of time trying to deduce what Alice
means by "return receipt" versus what Bob means when he uses the same term.
(For example, Eric Messick calls his things "onions," suggesting multiple
layers of "return postage guaranteed" envelopes. This may be a great idea,
and even a great name (which we may all be using in 5 years), but it is
potentially confusing, I think you'll agree.)
(Formal crypto papers often use their own terminology, and those of us who
read the papers have to convert from, say, "blobs" (a Chaum/Brassard term),
to the terms favored by others. A few "Schelling points" for terms have
appeared, usually with some groundbreaking or widely read paper, but
cryptologists continue to reinvent their own terms, sometimes because they
haven't understood the work of others, sometimes because of "NIH.")
3. The lack of a FAQ is not really the issue, as the issues I'm talking
about here go somewhat deeper than nearly any FAQ will ever go. Possibly a
much-expanded "Glossary" (also in the "soda" archives) could be used to
ensure more of us are using the standard terms.
4. I recommend we _not_ spend a lot of time at Cypherpunks meetings on
detailed protocols, as these are notoriously hard for people to follow,
except in broad outlines. People "space out" on the details and teh devil's
in the details. Rather, more detailed written papers are the best way, I think, to convey
complicated ideas. Written papers force the writers to more carefully state
their assumptions, their reliance on previous works, and to then more
carefully work through their line of reasoning. Readers who are interested
can then work through the papers in as much detail as they wish. Sometimes
it takes many hours to work through a protocol. For example, I must've
spent 10 hours going through Chaum's DC-Net paper, drawing pictures, going
back to his 1981 paper on "mixes," and generally reading and rereading.
(Then I spent even more time explaining it in a series of essays to the
Extropians mailing list, before this list existed.)
5. Eric Hughes and I toyed with the idea of creating a "protocol analysis
language," or at least a toolkit for describing and diagramming protocols
(inspired by the Chaum-school "triangle" diagrams, which place the
"Customer," the "Shop," and the "Bank" in a triangle and then analyze who
knows what, where the bits flow, who can prove what, etc.).
Here's just the most basic and initial look at such a diagram:
                   Customer
                   /      \
                  /        \           (I won't add all the other stuff)
                 /          \
               Shop---------Bank
(The "nouns" then have channels, actions ("verbs"), etc. associated with
them. The digital money protocols are themselves complicated, involving
"bit commitment," "blinding," and the like. And then there are the
complications of any of these entities attempting to "break" the system, to
steal money, to spend a digital token more than is authorized, to trace the
flow of money, etc. Collusion, spoofing, etc. It gets confusing very fast.)
Nothing has so far come of this idea, but it seems to me to be a shame that
we're just drawing chicken marks on paper or on whiteboards (and losing
most of the audience along the way, at least in terms of the all-important
details). Complicated protocols--and the digital money constellation of
ideas is just one--demand more powerful tools. (Speculatively, what I would someday hope to see is a kind of "Protocol
Compiler," with functional specs (possibly written in a very higl-level
language) transformed/rewritten to the best set of protocols available. The
building blocks would be various forms of encryption, of reputations, of
blinding, and so on. Each of the building blocks could be analyzed
separately and improved upon....and probably bought from specialized
developers. I know of no work along these lines, though. But I would not be
at all surprised to find that some groups are doing something like
this--the combinatorial explosion of possibilities makes hand-analysis
Well, enough for now. Let me know what you think.
With lots of new ideas for digital cash, remailers, mixes, digital betting
schemes, coupons, postage, data havens, digital voting, and all the rest,
we'll soon be drowning in protocols none of us have the time--or specific
expertise--to analyze.
Right now the crypto enthusiasts and amateurs are still stuck at the
"Here's my idea for a new cipher...can you break it?" level, not even
having reached the level of proposing new public key systems. We are
beginning to see proposals on the Net for new digital money systems
(NetCash being the most recent example). Over the next several years, there
may be an explosion of these new proposals. Analyzing and quickly debunking
them (when they need debunking, as most do...I am not saying this in a
disdainful way, just noting reality....nothing is gained by the adoption of
weak schemes) will be a challenge.
Perhaps one Cypherpunks goal could be to maintain a publicly accessible
database (in hypertext, even, using the World Wide Web or similar) of
published techniques, of how to break or spoof them, of tips and tricks,
and so on. (Yes, I am interested in working on something like this.)
Best wishes,
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-08-18 14:25:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: my aps 
T. William Wells has written us a polite and nice summary of his
position, and his points are very helpful to us in understanding the
issues of anonymity.
He is right that insulting remarks will seldom produce good debate.
I can readily see why Bill would like to have some limits (imposed by
_him_...a pure marketplace decision!) on anonymity. After all, some
sickos might literally post "Jump!" messages to those on the verge of
suicide. (I am not being facetious or sarcastic here...I mean this
quite seriously.)
Other services should be free, of course, to have different policies.
Those who want anonymity in anything they may say, including "Jump!,"
are free to patronize such services.
An excellent example of why and how specialized cyberspace services
(like remailers) will develop various strategies. In a sense, Bill is
acting as a filter, or a paternal figure (not meant pejoratively), for
his clients.
This is completely and fully consistent with Cypherpunks goals. (To
avoid flames about me presuming to speak for Cypherpunks, I mean "in
my opinion.")
This is exciting! Specialized "agents," the wave of the future.
Many of us were strongly influenced by Rand (and even those who hate
Rand, including some of my closest friends and Cypherpunks colleagues,
understand the importance of freedom in market dealings).
...rest of good points elided to save space....
Bill, I agree with all your points. And if I was running one of these
abuse-related remailers (something about "ASAR," I recall), I suspect
I'd have the same policy you have.
Anonymity should not be forbidden by law, but it can (and sometimes
should be) filtered by agents of the subscribers. If they don't like
the way the filtering is done, they can try another service.
I hope you continue to contribute your ideas to our list.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-18 15:46:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: World record in password checking 
I think this is Perry's way of telling us how Lehman Brothers (or
Shearson-Lehman, or American Can, or Primerica, or Kuhn-Loeb, etc.) is
_really_ making its money!
Put those unused CPU cycles to use!
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-19 00:15:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Protocols are Hard to Analyze 
In the interests of keeping the volume of postings down, I'll say only
a few words about Nick Szabo's many good points:
I certainly consider "legal" issues to be part of the larger protocol,
inasmuch as banks, credit unions, etc., must obey all sorts of laws.
And there are IRS reporting "protocols," and so on. Part of my point was that calling things "Green Stamps" (not a slur on
Nick's idea) does not exempt them, nor does it even really mean they
are not money. Whether Green Stamps, coupons, digital bearer bonds,
"Get Out of Jail Free Cards," whatever, are "money" or not is a
complicated issue, which I can't go into here (1. No space, 2. I'm not
an expert, 3. The _names_ alone are not enough to tell.).
Eric Hughes investigated digital money from a legal point of view (for
example, the funny messages printed on your checks, like "Pay to
the order of," have actual, real meanings). I'm sure Eric, Duncan
Frisell, Sandy Sandfort, Perry Metzger, etc., can elaborate.
Part of the energy barrier we face, or soon will, is that crypto money
has had none (or very little) of the centuries of evolution--successes
and failures--that ordinary money has had. There may be clever ways to
make some forms of digital money essentially be isomorphic to actual
money--the stuff the world is used to, that is--and hence ride the
coat tails of the world's current system. But these will be
complicated, adding to the difficulty of analyzing new protocols for
crytographic, legal, fiduciary, and social acceptability.
Well, Chaum and his students have various specialized protocols, that
is, they reduce the complexity by mainly targeting one particular type
of system (toll roads, or digital cash for shops to redeem, whatever).
The "difficulty of analyzing protocols" issue.
Where Nick's idea fits it, how it might be spoofed by shopkeepers,
what prevents forgery, etc., are some of the many issues.
By the way, the latest (August) issue of "Mother Jones" has an article
on a small town in New England (I think) which has their own barter
dollars. We talked about barter dollars, and the Italian experiment
some time back, about a year or so ago, when the List was just getting
Let me point out that the IRS takes a dim view of barter transactions
that are denominated in things other than dollars. Agreed. Which is yet another reason to better formalize our reasoning
about complex protocols. The metaphors are too vague.
The lines that separate them are tenuous. I agree it would be nice to
try to identify some truly basic "cryptographic primitives," and even
have them available in libraries (secret sharing, bit committment,
n-out-of-m voting, etc.). (But this is a tall order, as most of these
schemes have been written about, but are not available in software.)
They're best left scattered amongst the "Crypto" Proceedings, for
reasons I've mentioned (briefly: 1. Hard to OCR them, 2. Anyone doing
work in this area _must_ have access to the Proceedings, if only to
track down the various referenced papers, 3. Too many papers on soda
could expose it to legal action (copyright), 4. The printed papers are
easier to read, anyway.).
Any Cypherpunks are of course free to do these things, but I won't
hold my breath waiting. These things take a lot of time. And the
Cypherpunks group just is in no position to "decide" on a strategy and
then somehow "assign" staff to these projects. So, it won't get done
this way.
(That's also why a "Cypherpunk chip" is farfetched....too much work.)
This is not because Cypherpunks are lazy or unfocussed, but because
Cypherpunks is a group of volunteers, all with their own goals and pet
projects. -Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-20 12:11:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) anonymus@charcoal.com is going away 
Submitted for your consideration....
Organization: Charcoal Communicators, Pittsburgh, PA, USA
Newsgroups: alt.privacy.anon-server,alt.personals,alt.sex.movies,alt.sex.fetish.feet,alt.personals.ads,alt.sex.bondage,alt.personals.bondage,soc.bi
Followup-To: alt.privacy.anon-server
I got off the phone a while ago with someone who is responsible for
mail at a large southern university.  He called me because he is being
pressed for action regarding anonymous mail sent through charcoal.com.
It seems that there is a dweeb at this university who is sending
anonymous "secret admirer" mail.  Two of the five recipients of this
sort of mail have raised the issue through university channels as
harassment, and at least one of those is in the process of dealing
with the police because it correlates uncomfortably closely with
harassing phone calls and other incidents going down.
This mail admin, having looked through his system's mail logs for
sources of the trouble, observed that one individual has repeatedly
sent mail to anonymus+clear at charcoal.com, and sometime shortly
thereafter mail comes back for these recipients, on the same machine.
(Yes, really.  This person is sending questionable anonymous mail to
people on the same system as himself.  No joke, though I wish it was.
It's a Big Bluish Beastie.)
So while I was unwilling to identify the originator of the mail
myself, the admin identified him for me by login name, and he was (no
surprise) correct.  The individual in question is going to get at
least a stern talking-to by Those Who Matter.  It is hoped that the
police can be kept at bay, and that more of that university's channels
will not be exercised in this process.
This comes on the heels of my having had to chase down incidents in
the last week or two...
        ...someone sending half-Mbyte uuencoded core files via
           anonymus+clear
        ...having had to extinguish a couple of individuals due to,
           e.g., repetitious reposting, and personals posted outside
           alt.personals*
        ...another report of anonymous harassment whose details I
           do not feel I am at liberty to disclose at all.
anonymus at charcoal.com is going away.  My heart is no longer in it,
because I am unwilling to ride herd on this ridiculous minority of
totally cluefree individuals who seem to believe that they are somehow
superior to the rest of the universe and can do things that are
clearly against the requirements I stipulate in the info sheet.  The
potential for repercussions against myself as admin is far too high
when I am informed that police are already involved -- I was much too
close to such a situation 10 months ago.
This server will cease operation on 31 Aug.  It is my belief that
other anon servers operate in all of the groups currently supported
here.  Users have 10 days to make other arrangements.
More and more, I am convinced that life as a hermit is preferable to
life on the network.  It is amazing how far one's attitude will fall
following one phone call.
Please respect Followup-To:.  Feel free (feel encouraged) to
disseminate this notice wherever appropriate.  This note is being
posted to alt.privacy.anon-server and those groups which have received
50+ postings in the life of the current news transfer log, less
alt.sexual.abuse.recovery (which happens to be far and away in the slot of such a list).

@_date: 1993-08-20 12:56:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Thurn, Thurn, Thurn (und Taxis, too!) 
For the first 3/4 of "The Crying of Lot 49," Oedipa Maas thinks she is
seeing "WASTE" written on boxes and mail drops. It is only later, as she is
travelling through Berkeley by AC-DC ("standing for Alameda County Death
Cult"), that she notices the periods, writ very small (.).
So calling our cyberspace mail drop "alt.waste" would have resonances with
this Oedipal error, allowing the correcting of newbies.
Don't Ever Antagonize the Horn.
(I hear you crying "No maas!," so I'll stop with the puns.)
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-08-20 13:26:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Thurn, Thurn, Thurn (und Taxis, too!) 
I'm confused, Perry. I was acknowledging that "alt.waste" (with no
periods, no punctuation, in the "waste" part) would be nearly as
acceptable as the more Pynchonesque form.
Is "alt.waste" a rude formation in some way?

@_date: 1993-08-23 15:45:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: No digital coins (was: Chaum on the wrong foot?) 
There is no silver bullet!
Here are some comments about why there are no easy to use "digital
coins," and why the digital money protocols are so complicated and
involve banks, tamper-resistant modules, and other things that may not
be make difficult some of our Cypherpunks goals.
I agree with Hal Finney's basic point about David Chaum's current
direction: it is not precisely the direction I'd like to see.
However, in Chaum's defense, his is only one group and can only do so
much. I don't see other groups pursuing digital cash with the same
vigor and depth, save for the occasional paper about "electronic
wallets" and so forth, and so Chaum is doing what he is doing.
It is possible that someone here in Cypherpunks will develop some form
of competing system. (Bear in mind, though, that these protocols are
notoriously complicated, and involve issues of forgery, spoofing,
denial (that a transaction occurred), tax laws, and so on.)
One of Hal's points deserves special comment:
(speaking of the observer protocol)
There are no digital coins.
A physical piece of gold, the canonical piece of money, is essentially
imposssible to counterfeit/forge, so coins can be passed from person
to person, person to shop, to banks, to tax collectors, etc. It is the
ultimate "bearer instrument." Importantly, the flow of such money is
"conservative" in that the total amount of such money is constant...no
amount of trickery or protocol complexity can increase the amount
present, and only loss of the physical coins can reduce the amount.
Paper currency is ostensibly a parallel to physical money (at least in
countries on a gold or silver standard, which the U.S. is not any
longer). Strong currencies (DM, yen, dollar, SF...though this is all
debatable) still have some of the "conservative" nature, because the
bills/notes are very difficult to counterfeit and are exchanged as
physical items or tokens.
I won't get into things like VISA transactions, promissory notes,
etc., except to say they are quite a bit less "tangible" (anyone who
has gotten unexpected VISA transactions, triggered by someone out
there, understands that the transactions are much less straightforward
and tangible). A problem with digital money has always been that there apparently is
no close equivalent to a digital coin, a token which can be passed
around freely, as a quarter or a dollar bill can be.
The reasons are obvious: a cryptographic number can be trivially
duplicated (counterfeited/forged) and presented to a second or third
person. Thus, the receiver of such a piece of digital money must
confirm that it has not already been spent, that some bank will redeem
it for "real" money, etc.
Digital coupons have this same problem. (Real coupons are made fairly
counterfeit-resistant, as are such things as lottery tickets. Lottery
tickets also use a clever scheme whereby the winning number, the thing
that gets announced, is hashed/transformed into another number with a
secret key, and this second number is also printed on the ticket, but
would-be spoofers are unable to generate the second number.)
The complicated Chaum protocols, which now are going in the direction
of the tamper-resistant "observer" chips (in smartcards, PDAs, etc.),
address these issues of spoofing, denial, counterfeiting, etc., in
various ways.
Later, Hal makes another good point:
It seems likely to me that even now a group within the bowels of the
NSA and NIST is developing a "digital money clipper" (a euphonious
pun?), that is, a standard for digital money with similar sorts of
backdoors, emergency doors, etc., that Clipper has.
NSA/NIST surely knows of the pressures for digital money, and could
plan to introduce their own standard. Instead of "LEAFs" for the FBI
and other law enforcement, this one could have "IRS observers" and
"money-laundering observers" (this is wild speculation, I'll grant
you) which tie-in to currency exchange reporting, sales tax, and
income tax law enforcement systems.
It may be that Chaum, who is eager to actually get some sales to
groups within Europe and elsewhere, is already responding to some
pressures for "accountability" (the digital money version of
"wire-tappability") by various European governments and the observer
protocols are an effort to satisfy some of these concerns.
(I am not accusing Chaum of anything, just speculating that some
groups developing digital money--and Chaum is the clear leader
here--may have market or legal constraints which are shaping their
focus away from the digital money = untraceable cash = crypto anarchy
direction many of us favor.)
A "Cypherpunks digital money" system may be more urgent than ever.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-25 11:25:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Inspired by the Cypherpunks" 
It's nice to know we're having some influence.
The latest "Wired" has the following letter, which credits the Cypherpunks
as the inspiration for a privacy seeker:
"A few days ago, in a chain record store, I bumped into this big screen on
a box marked with an "i." I looked at it, thinking it would be a good idea
to know what I'm buying, when this guy came up and told me that to be able
to use this neato piece of high tech, I'd have to fill out a piece of
paper, which not only asked about my taste, but about my credit, my name,
my address, etc. Inspired by the cypherpunks of your last issue (_Wired_
1.2, page 54), I decided there was no good reason for these people to know
this about me. I took the reply form and walked off, throwing it away when
I got home. The next day, I went searching bookstores and found the new
_Wired_. What did I see, but a glowing recommendation for this
privacy-basher on page 23 (_Wired_ 1.3). I'm sorry, 30 seconds of a pop
tune is too little for the price of my privacy."
"Dave Jacoby
Please don't print my user ID"
So, we are playing our part in raising consciousness. (I'll avoid getting
into a political debate about whether these corporations asking questions
havd too much power, whether the market works or not, etc.)
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-08-25 11:45:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How "Wired" did the "Crypto Rebels" article 
A free newspaper devoted to graphics arts, "OnLine Design," has a nice
piece in the August issue: "Designing _Wired_," by Ken Coupland. (I've seen
this issue at a mall software store, so those of you in California may want
to look for it before it vanishes.)
The focus is on the launching of "Wired," its layout policies, the feel of
the paper, the design team, and so on. "Wired" is turning into a major
publishing success story, hence the interest in its creative/artistic side.
The Steven Levy article on "Crypto Rebels" got a major part of the
coverage, especially the cover (some Cypherpunks in masks, holding the
American flag, in case some of you newcomers to this list missed this
issue) and the opening 2-page spread used in that article.
The caption for the 2-page spread is: "This layout for the "Crypto Rebels"
piece supports the story's argument that the "Cypherpunks" are patriotic
Nice to see that the "meme" is being accepted that folks like us are on the
right side.
Interestingly, one of the photos of the design editors shows one of them
holding a "Cypherpunks mask" up in front of her face. (Needless to say,
they are the ones who thought up the mask idea in the first place.)
Just thought you'd like to hear about this article.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-08-27 12:47:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Who is David Sternlight? 
Anonymous asks:
"David Sternlight" is actually an experimental neural net program
which is linked to the Net through Netcom. It has a long way to go
before being mistaken for a real person, though it seems to have
perfected the "rancor-mode" behavior seen in Net flame wars. This near-AI is especially active in sci.crypt, alt.privacy.clipper,
alt.security.pgp, and has its own special test area,
alt.fan.david-sternlight. Questions about the source code for the
"David Sternlight" program should be addressed there.
Like most computer programs, it is tenacious and has seemingly
inexhaustible patience in repeating arguments over and over again.
When challenged, it always responds. When challenged further, it
invokes subroutines which cite its knowledge base, its credentials,
and its general superiority to carbon-based intelligences.
Some say the program, which is nominally based in the Los Angeles
area, is actually one of the "Blue Ice" programs developed by the NSA,
similar to the Serdar Argic program deployed by the State Department
and the Ludwig Plutonium program being tested now by the National
Science Foundation.
I hope this helped.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-27 23:48:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Another BBS Seizure in Hartford 
Someone has forwarded this info:
I find this hard to believe...not saying it isn't true, but it's hard
for me to believe that the cause was just material from the
long-available, long-discredited "Anarchists Cookbook"...I bought my
copy in 1972-3 and it's still widely available (Loompanics, Paladin,
the "Anubus Warpus" store in Santa Cruz, etc.).
I hope the EFF gets involved in this one, as there shouldn't be a
double standard, with printed material (books, magazines) held to a
different legal standard than bulletin boards and networks are. (The
copyright violation issues are another--and much lesser--matter.)
If something is legal in written form--and nearly everything should
be, of course--then the electronic form should be treated identically.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-29 12:08:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Talked to Phil Zimmermann.... 
Phil Zimmermann was at our "Extropians Fifth Anniversary Party" in the
Santa Cruz mountains yesterday and last night; Extropians are another
mailing list/group, of course, but there is a substantial overlap
between the groups.
Several items of potential interest:
1. RSA did not know of the ViaCrypt deal until after it was signed
last Sunday. ViaCrypt's license allows it to put whatever it wants
around the RSA core....it has picked PGP as the wrapper. RSA can't
really object to this, provided the RSA core is as the contract with
ViaCrypt specifies.
2. Phil will carefully inspect the code, including the RSA part, and
is confident no funny business is planned by ViaCrypt or anyone else.
(I have to trust Phil on this matter more than any "panel" or the
like....after all, he wanted to put trapdoors in, he could in the
existing PGP--though of course this is highly unlikely to have been
put in in the first place and to have remained undiscovered all this
3. There's a bunch of confusing--to me--stuff about U.S. versions,
European/foreign versions, what can and can't be exported and
imported, the ITAR (International Traffic in Arms Regulations), and so
on. Basically, there may be separate European versions, possibly using
different code. Triple DES may be used in some versions (don't ask me
for details....I'm not sure of the tradeoffs between DES and
IDEA...perhaps the deal to use IDEA doesn't fit with a commercial
version of PGP).
4. I showed Phil the MacPGP 2.3 program on my PowerBook 170. The
"help" system especially impressed him (it does me, too). He is not
closely connected with Zig F.'s Macintosh development.
5. Integrating PGP with mailers--the "elm" and MIME ideas that keep
surfacing--is still being debated. Running PGP on a machine outside
one's own control is always dangerous, but, let's face it, is how
_many_ people are already using PGP and how many of the future
corporate customers will be likely to use it.
(The PGP secret key will then be found scattered around in backups, on
other disks, etc. Even the manually-entered passphrase is *not
sufficient*, as many systems have "scrypt" and similar
keystroke-capture programs automatically recording all keystrokes.
Even my Macintoshes capture all keystrokes ("Last Resort," "Thunder 7,
etc., have such utilities).
This is an unresolved issue! (Talk of using smartcards, RSA cards,
Newton-like PDAs, etc., is one approach, but this moves away from ease
of use by requiring specialized hardware.)
6. Ease of use remains a problem. Phil mentioned again that he sends a
routine form letter out to all those who send him encrypted e-mail
explaining that it may take him several days to get around to reading
their messages...he has to do the same multi-step procedure of
downloading to his local PC, quitting, saving the file, starting PGP,
and so on. (Phil has never run PGP on a machine outside his control.)
7. Phil also wanted to talk about the political issues of RSA vs. PGP,
about my concerns some months back that the battle for strong crypto
would not be won with explicitly illegal programs, etc. I told him I
thought the ViaCrypt deal was a nearly perfect solution to these
concerns: individuals and corporations can now safely use PGP without
the fear of asset forfeiture or criminal prosecution should a zealous
prosecutor decide to "make an example" of them.
A legal version of PGP is the goal many of us were seeking. A major
win. I congratulate Phil for pulling this off.
8. Perhaps most ironically, David Sternlight (the neural net AI
automatic posting program I mentioned a few days ago) has asked to be
a beta site for the ViaCrypt program! Sternlight blesses
ViaCrypt...the mind boggles. (To be fair to Sternlight--something many
people may flame me for :-} --he never argued for a ban on crypto, or
for restrictions, only that a "legal" or "unencumbered" version be
used. Hence his involvement with RIPEM.)
That's what I remember. The party started at 2 p.m. at the
mountain-top home of Mark Desilets and lasted 'til well after 3
a.m....and may still be going. I didn't count, but there were probably
at least a hundred people, including a dozen or more Cypherpunks.
A real blast.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-29 13:03:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Apple planning to use Clipper chip? 
A disturbing rumor/tidbit from the party I just finished discussing:
Someone from Apple Computer said that Apple has been making "input" on
the Clipper/Skipjack/Capstone/whatever thing and _endorsed_ the idea
(or at least someone representing Apple did). Apple even discussed the
pricing and said that if the Clipper/Skipjack chip could be sold to
them for less than $30, they could "design it into every Mac."
Phil Zimmermann was listening when this was said, and he was as
shocked as I was.
Can anyone on this list confirm or refute this report? (I don't want
to name the Apple guy--several were at the party--unless he wants me
to. But since he's not on the Cypherpunks list...)
The fact that Apple is reviewing the "key escrow" proposals probably
implies other hardware makers are as well. This suggests a whole
behind-the-scenes movement to get Clipper/Skipjack/Capstone key escrow
chips designed into PCs, probably in the communications/modem/network
Speculatively, this could be a worse "fait accompli" than the Clipper
proposal for phones, since not many people are planning to buy new
secure phones, but a huge number of new Macs and PCs will be bought.
(I assume folks can "wire around" the Skipjack/Capstone subroutines in some
way, probably more easily than mods to the Clipper phones can be made.
After all, it's software. So I don't claim the Feds will automatically
be successful.)
Many of us believe the "other shoe will drop" when a new Crime Bill
(like the Biden Bill of a while back) is proposed, and key escrow is
made mandatory for data systems.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-29 13:13:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Talked to Phil Zimmermann.... 
I rarely waste your time with minor spelling or grammar corrections,
or even missing words, but this omission needs a correction:
"...after all, if he wanted to put trapdoors in...."
The "if" is the all-important subjunctive qualifier.

@_date: 1993-08-30 12:24:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Stego for Stegosaurs 
Frankly, I'm surprised no one has pointed out the obvious solution, so
I guess I'll have to.
Spielberg and Company clearly needed to protect their transmissions
using the "Stego" program of Romana Machado. By packing the real
content of the "Jurassic Park" communications into MPEG transmissions
of "Barney," the circle would be completed.
Just my least significant bit.

@_date: 1993-08-30 12:49:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Apple planning to use Clipper chip? 
Scott Collins has commented at length on my first post on this, which
is good. Let me note again that I was communicating pretty much
exactly what I heard, and labelled my own speculations as just that.
In particular, I was not claiming the decision has been made, or that
it could reasonably be implemented.
Anyway, some comments on Scott's points:
The new "audio-visual" Macs (660av and 840av) have DSP hardware inside
and software for speech recognition (part of PlainTalk, I understand)
which is specific to these machines. The speech synthesis software
will run on all (or most?) machines, as the DSP is not used, but the
speech recognition only runs on the av machines (or properly
DSP-equipped machines, presumably).
This suggests the "software only" and "compatibility across its entire
line" are things of the past. (BTW, as we Mac users all know, minor
incompatibilities have often existed, as with virtual memory not
running on all platforms--how could it have?--and the differences in
FPUs, screens, etc.)
My speculation would be that the Clipper/Skipjack/Capstone deal, if it
is happening at all, is some time off. Perhaps for a phone version of
the av Macs (there had been speculation that Apple was planning to use
the on-board DSP hardware for a modem tool, similar to what NeXT has
done with its hardware).
 and  are already satisfied with the new generation of av Macs, as
noted above.  may or may not occur. My speculation is that Apple
will not go it alone, but may be in the early negotiation phases of
such a deal (perhaps an encrypted phone conferencing system, or other
phone use of the av Macs, which the Feds would have some interest in,
a la the whole Clipper thing).
I would never urge anyone to boycott Apple products on such a flimsy
basis as this story I heard from an Apple guy. I just wanted to let
the Cypherpunks know what I heard; it might make later developments
more understandable.
Anyone who wants a Mac but instead buys Windows because of this rumor
deserves what he gets.

@_date: 1993-08-30 19:23:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Apple+Clipper 
It is very satisfying to me to see a post turn into a mini-debate (not
a flame...entirely too many debates are wrongly labelled as flames)
and then get resolved into a consens.
I agree with Scott that Apple is not likely to implement Clipper/etc.
anytime soon.
This is all I meant, that _someone_ at Apple (and probably other
companies) is at least _talking_ to the Clipperpunks. Maybe it's just
"distant future" stuff, maybe it's industry panels, perhaps it's the
AOCE stuff Paul mentioned, and perhaps its the long-rumored telephone
product for the AV Macs (the true paranoid might see the failure of
Apple to unveil the modem and phone apps, using the DSP chip, as
evidence that Fort Meade has asked them to delay these products...as I
am not a true Xandor Korzybski-class paranoid, I will refrain from
such speculations!).
Yep, I was just making this point, that Apple is _already_ releasing
hardware with OS incompatibilities. (By the way, many/all? of the
newer Macs need a "system enabler" patch to run System 7.1, that is,
the standard System (OS) no longer runs on all machines. I could
easily see such patches for the AV Macs and the (debated) ClipperMacs.
On this we agree also. Moreover, when the "Clipper asteroid" is
possibly heading in your direction, but is still very far off, a
relatively small nudge can have great effect.
I'm not suggesting we rise up in righteous anger and march in front of
Spindler's offices, but we should keep in the back of our mind the
_possibility_ that makers of computer-based phones or conferencing
systems: Apple, IBM, NeXT _cubes_, SGI "Indy," and perhaps
Soundblaster folks...though I am even more skeptical that independent
DSP board makers could be brought into the Clipper fold.
If the NIST/NSA group wants Clipper/Capstone/etc. deployed widely,
then it would make sense for them to be working with computer and
multimedia companies. Else, in several years these DSP-based schemes
will have proliferated beyond any hope of control.
An outcome devoutly to be wished.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-30 19:33:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: AV Macs and Apple Paranoia 
Jamie Jamieson asks:
Phil Zimmermann says a non-CELP scheme he is investigating is fast
enough on a run-of-the-mill 486 for "Pretty Good Phone Privacy," or
whatever he ends up calling his project.
The 66 MHz AT&T DSP (a true paranoid would note the "AT&T") in the new
AV Macs is enormously faster, for many DSP and array manipulations,
and should be even easier to develop a voice-encryption scheme for.
Also, software-based schemes can easily be reconfigured to
emulate/talk to other encryption systems or phones. This may be part
of why the Skipjack algorithms are being held secret for as long as
possible, to delay this emulation.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-08-30 20:03:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Apple+Clipper 
In rereading my post earlier today on this issue, I can see I took
Scott to be referring to "a new standard" as any new specialized
hardware, such as the either the AV DSP stuff or the Clipper, etc. But
Scott was apparently using the _specific_ case of a Clipper inside as
the case he was citing.
Sorry for any confusion. I certainly agree that Clipper is far off, if
it happens, but specialized hardware is already a reality with the new
generation of AV Macs. And I don't dismiss the possibility, thought I consider it remote,
that the phone/modem tools have been delayed for reasons relating to
Clipper and key escrow. More likely, delayed because something just
didn't work in time for the announcement.

@_date: 1993-08-31 19:54:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Ratcliffe's palindrome 
"godsdog" spelled backward is....
I wonder if anyone has ever gotten a good palindrome with their full
domain address? (Best to ignore the "." delimiters, for now.)
"limit at ti.mil" is a crude start, except that T.I. is not a military
Our own "Abraham-Hughes" Cypherpunks team could have a user "mocha,"
as in the coffee, so that the address would be "mocha at ah.com".
I'll stop at that one.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-01 11:28:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Two items from recent magazines... 
Two items form recent magazines:
* "Time" (on the newstands now) has an article on the Internet and its
rapid growth and uses John Gilmore's wonderful quote: "The Internet
interprets censorship as damage and routes around it." (may not be his
exact phrasing)
* Pseudospoofing detectors? "The Economist," November 20, has an
article "Hidden Agenda" which describes how an outfit named CHI
Research in New Jersey uses its 12-year data base of U.S. patents to
determine who is really doing what. Apparently some companies try to
obscure what they're doing by using different "inventors"...sounds
fishy to me (I'd be pissed if my invention got credited to someone
Anyway, CHI uses various techniques to deduce actual inventors, what
companies are doing what, etc. Then he sells the conclusions.
This fits with some of the themes we discuss here, both for our own
use and in terms of what our opponents may be doing.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-02 01:02:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA Insecure Remailers 
Cypherpunks remailers are far from "ideal digital mixes," as described
in David Chaum's February 1981 "Communications of the ACM" paper. This
is well known, and the issues of traffic analysis Benjamin raises are
also valid and known issues. A while back we had many debates about
what to do about message size padding (e.g., quantizing all outgoing
packet sizes to a standard size, or perhaps to one of several (small,
medium, large. etc.) packet sizes. And we debated adding latency, so
that a message waits until N total messages have been received before
remailing. And so on.
In any case, Chaum's ideal digital mix is hard to implement now for
several reasons, largely economic. Ideal mixes also need physical
security against tampering, against interception of internal
operations (perhaps via RF monitoring), etc. Perhaps most critical,
and least studied to date, remailers are only as good as the human
policies at the sites are. (My conception of ideal remailers involves
remailer hardware, perhaps on boards containing enough RAM and/or disk
drive space to hold the batch of messages, that is "untouched" by
human hands. Tamper-resistant modules, sealed hardware, etc. Lots of
issues here. I think "Mom and Pop remailers" could be sold on boards
similar to SoundBlaster boards.)
Chaum's original hardware-based mix also has some weaknesses, as noted
in a EuroCrypt '89 paper by Pfitzmann and others. The software-based
"DC-Net," which comes up so often on this list, is generally better.
Several Cypherpunks are interested in implementing DC-nets. So far, no
progress to report.
No, they are very far from being even cryptographically strong
(although parts of the process, involving sending encrypted messages
to the next node, are of course as secure as, say, PGP is).
Well, wanting something is not the same thing as getting it. Read the
1981 paper, the 1988 DC-Net paper (available at the soda.berkeley.edu
ftp site), and follow the Cypherpunks activities on DC-Nets. Then look
at the various Cypherpunks remailers...some _require_ encryption (most
don't, and most of us don't even use encryption, which means anyone
reading the packets can see what's going on! A fatal flaw or just
laziness?), some add hours of latency (though not N latency, as too
few messages are flowing), and so on. The market will push
development in possibly more secure directions.
Right now, you can see that Cyperpunks remailers, and also Julf's
penet site, have significant flaws. You get what you pay for (this is
a serious point: the lack of real commerce, the volunteer nature of
all of this, and the generally "hobby-like" nature of these systems
explains why these weaknesses are not getting fixed.
These are largely "toy" systems to provide some experience. They'll
get better with time.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-02 20:03:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Entropy, Randomness, etc. 
The intuitive idea is similar to there being no "maximum compression"
of a string: though one may strongly suspect a compression is pretty
good and may in fact be the best there really is, one may find an even
better compression. Like the "pi" example Scott Collins used.
Still, one can make estimates of the entropy of a string.
And an especially good place to read all about this is in the new book
by Ming Li and Paul Vitanyi, "An Introduction to Kolmogorov Complexity
and Its Applications," Springer-Verlag, 1993. $60.
Lots of good chapters on entropy, program length measures, algorithmic
information theory, etc. Ironically, no mention of cryptology at all.
(But Charles Bennett, one of the pioneers--especially in the area of
"logical depth"--has written about the deep links between the two
areas. Basically, ciphertext messages are "cryptoregular" in that they
_appear_ to be of high entropy (random) but actually have low entropy
when of course the right transformation (key) is applied.
You clever folks will by now have seen the link to the opening
discussion: how does one know if a given text is "cryptoregular" and
actually carries a message or is just random junk? The answer in
general is that no mechanistic/algorithmic method exists!
(Hardly surprising, if you think about it. A one-time pad is
information-theoretically secure. Every English (or Russian, etc.)
sentence of length L can be "found" in a cyphertext of length L by
trying the "right" pad. A thousand monkeys and all that.)
For messages that are not encrypted with one-time pads, this is
not the case, and various bits of information can sometimes be
extracted. Cryptanalysis sometimes works. Last I heard, though, it
doesn't help with breaking RSA (chosen plaintext attacks on RSA don't
help with the factoring problem at all...consult the textbooks on the
exact situation, if you're interested in such subtleties).
Kolmogorov-Chaitin measures of complexity are very exciting.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-03 01:38:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "High Stakes in the Living Room" 
"In the high-tech future of interactive television, gamblers could bet
against the house in the privacy of their homes, couch potatoes could
rake in the big bucks with the remote control adn the living room
could be transformed into a high-roller's paradise."
So begins an article by Benjamen Pimental in the Dec. 2, 1993 issue of
"The San Francisco Chronicle," an article entitled "High Stake in the
Living Room," page A1 (a page one story).
I tried to OCR the article, but newsprint is hard to get a good
accuracy rate on and I gave up after seeing a sea of errors to be
Here are just some highlights:
- race tracks, lotto games, etc. being talked about. Quebec has
actually deployed it, So Calif. tried it to. Several companies (NTN
Communications, Videotron) are developing telegaming software and are
working with local gaming authorities and racetracks, etc.
- other groups are opposed, for moral reasons ("lose the house from
inside the house"), for entrenched-interest reasons, etc. - concerns about minors either playing by hacking the system or by
watching the unsavory practices of their elders
- beginning talk about the need for security--credit card accounts,
passwords, etc. (No mention of encryption, though.)
So, this is already starting up. Nick Szabo has written about his
ideas for "The Internet Casino" and telegambling. Sounds like others
are moving ahead.
There are some issues of great interest to Cypherpunks and Crypto
* What happens to local gambling laws when gambling is just a phone
call away? (I'm certainly not arguing for local gambling laws, and
I'll be delighted to see them smashed by technology. My point here is
to analyze what will change and how the authorites will try to counter
the change.)
* What happens with remailers and mixes used to reach these remote
gambling sites? Casinos in the Bahamas could come "on-line" at almost
any time.
* Strong crypto means these gambling sites can be reached from
anywhere. (A potentially good way to "liquify" digital money: deposit dollars in
a Bahamian casino bank, access it via the gambling nets, withdraw it
or whatever in ATM machines. A formal alliance between certain types
of Cypherpunks and certain types of offshore casine operators could be
* Will the  "Data Highway Patrol" (DHP) allow gambling packets to move
freely? (Scenario: Strong crypto is banned, somehow (?), because the
Data Highway Patrol--known affectionately as the "ClipperCHiPS"--needs
to make random inspections of "cargo loads." This scenario I expect to
happen if the NII goes through.)
...and so on. You get the drift. The Brave New World of strong crypto
will nuke most current laws about gambling, selling of information,
consulting, payment of taxes, zoning, practicing certain professions
without approval, and so on.
Interesting times indeed. Speaking of which, I'll be giving a public lecture on these topics
next Wednesday, the 8th, at 4 p.m., Skilling Auditorium, Stanford
University. More information should follow in a few days.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-03 14:09:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Applied Crypto can be a menace to you anonymity? 
But did you hear that the NSA has installed trap-doors in Schneier's C
code to do the same thing? I heard this the same place I heard that
Paul Zimmermann is actually an agent of the Mossad and the
International Trilateralist Cabal.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-04 20:23:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: IGNORE: useless drivel 
Wait, you didn't announce the competition! You can't just award the
prize to Detweiler without letting the rest of us have a chance.
How about:
"Live paranoidly."
"If you stare into the Detweiler, the Detweiler will stare into you."?

@_date: 1993-12-04 22:29:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Who am I Really 
Truly, as the message-ID of his posting to us says:
<9312050502.AA08272 at longs.lance.colostate.edu>
...which ought to look pretty familiar by now. He altered the "From:"
field to his fictional "sboxx at lodestone.nsa.gov" address, but
neglected certain other identifying marks. Not that anyone has any doubts (do I see any hands raised? I didn't
think so). Yes, Lance or Larry (he took me to task for using "Larry")
is still ranting over in talk.politics.crypto. Yes, still playing
What's beginning to irritate me--which is probably LD's intent--is the
e-mail I'm getting from non-Cypherpunks asking me to explain myself
to justify my campaign against Detweiler! Sort of like what happened
about a month ago when a number of Cypherpunks were not fully aware of
LD's history and methods and were, to varying degrees, suggesting we
listen to him and so forth (I have no objection to that....I don't
urge censorship by the List per se, just common sense filters and
possibly expulsion of seriously disruptive folks...but I have no say
over this so am just expressing my views).
The list as a whole is much more loosely-coupled and so the feedback
loop is even longer. My approach is to not try to correct their many
misapprehensions. Why should I, after all? This Detweiler business
will blow over, and the Net has more important things to worry about.
To those who frequently urge us not to mention Detweiler, or to take a
pledge of silence (Sorry, Sandy!), I feel my few postings on LD are
only a tiny fraction of his postings--that man must spend several
hours a day composing his ramblings and free association tracts. If
you worry about bandwidth wastage, go to the main cause instead. Or
use kill files, filters, etc.
I do actually comment on _other_ things, you know. I got an Apple Newton today, so I'll be playing with it pretty
intensively for the next few days (Scott Collins demoed some
crypto-related apps for the Newton at the last Cypherpunks meeting...I
think this is an important tool for local storage of keys and perhaps
even for being a main PGP platform, once connectivity to more machines
and programs is made easier.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-05 18:34:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Talk at Stanford, 8 December 
Here are some details about the crypto talk I mentioned recently.
You're all welcome to attend, though of course you need to be in the
Bay Area!
--Tim May
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1993-12-11 01:14:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Privacy as a Commodity 
Nice essay. I look forward to reading the full version.
Huh? I don't see how this conclusion follows. Historical examples of
villages with extreme privacy abound. For example, in densely-packed
Middle Eastern villages and cities, the completely walled villa (or
whatever they might call it) is the norm: the walls are high, the only
entrance is a locked gate, and what goes on behind the walls in the
gardens and whatnot is invisible to the outside world. This is a
tradition that can (apparently, but I'm not a real scholar, so don't
rely on my memory) be traced back to Sumerian cities.
Certainly some forms of concern for privacy are fairly new. And at
least some cultures in some ages had very little privacy, as when many
families lived in crowded tents or caves or whatnot. But the example
above, seen also in the stone dwellings of Northern Africa, in the pit
dwellings, etc., suggest privacy was important. Possibly not for the
abstract reason of "privacy" per se, but for the protection of a
family against assassins, plotters, etc., and for the protection and
hiding of the women in the family.
Our modern focus on privacy does not seem all that different.
Well, I disagree.
A very good point, that people must take responsibility for protecting
their own privacy. This could mean better locks on their doors, more
judicious use of credit cards, encryption of e-mail, and so on.
Technology chosen by those affected is ultimately the best solution.
Well, I hope this isn't how you plan to close your piece (if there was
more to your article, I didn't get it). The point about transcending
our need for privacy in the light of the Great All is a very weak
But the whole issue of "privacy as a commodity" is a good one to
explore. I think Kevin Kelly may've thought of that at the Cypherpunks
meeting he attended about a year ago (he actually attended two of
them, in December and January); he said something at the time about
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-14 12:33:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Signing Images Not So Useful Now 
I don't think signing digital images is especially useful right not.
This is not to say we shouldn't discuss it, or that someone out there
won't make some bucks on such a product.
Some points:
* signing at the digital camera level is the most unlikely, currently,
as most digital images are currently made by _scanning_ conventional
slides or prints. (Slide scanners are readily available, with >1200
dpi, and even higher, resolution.)
* as others have noted, almost all digital images are further massaged
in PhotoShop or the like. Even Nick Szabo's "picture distance" idea is
of marginal use, as many common filter operations introduce very large
picture distances and/or Hamming distance. Determining "alikeness"
metrics of an image and a suspected forgery or copyright violation
will be a challenge. (Could be a nice little niche business for a "expert witness" on such things, though.)
* most ripped-off images are of course done by using scanners. All
those "Playboy" and "Penthouse" images you see on the Net are done
with scanners. (Both Playboy and Penthouse offer on-line services, so
I suppose it's possible some of the bootleg images are in fact digital
copies. In these cases, a signature might reveal the copyright
violation. A simple Gaussian blur in PhotoShop would of course erase
most conceivable signatures. There may be some way to introduce
something that can't be easily blurred away, though...)
* the most common means of detecting forgeries and copyright
violations is of course the human recognition of such images, the
recognition that an image came from a well-known source.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-17 00:01:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Bobby Inman 
He was head of MCC in Austin for several years and then his own
company, a kind of high-tech holding company (Westmark was the name, I
I recall seeing a company selling crypto products, "Ultron," in 1988
or so, and noting the mention that it was a division of Inman's
company, Westmark.
I've followed Inman's career since I first heard of him in 1979,
during the crypto flap, and especially since reading about him in 1982
in "The Puzzle Palace."
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-21 10:29:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Distribution of Secure Drive 
Does anybody out there know what the status of the Grand Jury case
against Mike Ingle is, the case involving the export to SecureDrive?
I'd heard he was being investigated and all his records had been
subpoenaed, with Janet Reno saying a whole new wing at Marion is being
built for Zimmermann, Ingle, Karns, Hughes, and all the other
And now that Defense Secretary Inman has issued that Martial Law
Measure that crypto work is "born classified," the recent raids on
most of the Cypherpunks seem to make more sense. And the recent
progress in factoring, using the "rubber hose algorithm," has made
most private cryptography moot.
Me, I'm just glad I got out in '94 before they closed the borders.
--Tim May, Permanent Tourist, somewhere in Cypherspace

@_date: 1993-12-21 11:59:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: One-Time Pads an Overall Lose for Cypherpunks 
There's always a lot of speculation about one-time pads, schemes for
rewritable CDs and CD-ROMs, etc. Stuff about how to generate
sufficiently random bits to fill the CD or DAT, how to distribute the
media securely (and isn't that always where the rubber meets the
road?), and so on.
I don't wish to quash this enthusiasm, but one-time pads are an
overall "lose" for the Cypherpunks cause. In fact, the whole modern
era of crypto came about with the invention by Diffie and Hellman of
assymmetric, or public-key crypto.
A return to "secret codes" and symmetric cyphers--except as used
inside the guts of public key systems, of course, as with DES or
IDEA--is a return to the old days where the economics of transporting
and securing key material left crypto in a limited number of niches.
The "key distribution" problem is of course the killer. Even if
rewritable CDs come down in price (machines are currently a few K,
blank disks are at least $25 apiece....more than I plan to pay!), who
wants to have, say, a hundred or more disks to communicate with the
hundred or more e-mail recipients one might reasonably have (these
numbers are not central)?
And I'll trust a public key cypher with a key disk (or Newton-like
PDA) and a memorized passphrase a lot more than I'll trust a stack of
CD-ROMs which I can't reasonably carry with me at all times.
All in all, a lose. The "Crypto Phase Change" (tm) won't happen
because we convince ordinary folks to start burning one-time pads into
CDs and CD-ROMs. Face it.
Sorry to sound grumpy about this, but the advocates of one-time pads
need to do some strategic thinking about this issue.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-21 12:05:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Swank's comments on Secure Drive 
Yes, and Phil Zimmermann asked essentially the same thing, though the
number of folks aware of these issues was much lower back then....and
groups like ours did not even exist then.
But when the CryptoNarcs want to go after someone for illegal export
of crypto munitions (PGP, SecureDrive, etc.), they are not overly
impressed with "wink wink, don't export this, wink, wink" caveats.
If Zimmermann gets indicted and if SecureDrive ends up on an offshore
ftp site, I expect Mike Ingle will at least get subpoenaed to testify
and produce his records, and will possibly be indicted as well.
That's the way I see it.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-21 13:35:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: your mail 
These things you're talking about were in fact done by the "armchair
commandoes" you disparage here. Which is it, action or talk of action?
Or perhaps both? Sounds good to me.
Comments about Ingle's likely exposure to investigation at the least
and prosecution at the worst are just facts of life. We don't have to
agree with the actions of the Feds, just make note of likely actions.
P.S. Using all caps makes you like a detweilering raver. I'm sure
you're not, but this is the effect.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-23 10:09:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: eavesdropping detection 
Whoah! Tell us more!
This sounds pretty ominous. No shit. I guess this is what cops really
mean when they say they'll "wipe for fingerprints."

@_date: 1993-12-23 11:06:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Merry Christmas, Cyberanarchists 
Yes, we may have a variant of "Godwin's Law" here, something along the
lines of "In any discussion of encryption, someone will invoke the
name of Hitler."
I'm sure Mike or someone else can more cleanly aphorize this.

@_date: 1993-12-23 11:49:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Merry Christmas, Cyberanarchists 
Not unless they cc:ed the an12070 address, of course, or replied
directly to it.
I avoid ever sending Detweiler any mail. I used to respond honestly to
his many pestering questions to me, a few months back, but he then
used comments out of context in his "S. Boxx" rants---so now I make it
a point to leave him off any comments I might make about him in this
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-24 11:01:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Encryption & self-incrimination 
This was the Elizabeth Morgan case, and she was in jail for a lot
longer than several months...more like a year or two. She claimed her
ex-husband, a doctor or dentist, had molested her daughter.
As John noted, she refused to say where the child was and so remained
in jail indefinitely.
(I have mixed feelings about this case. Suppose the father had never
molested the daughter and this was just a custody ploy. Does the
mother's silence mean the daughter is forever inaccessible? That there
will never be a trial to resolve the issue?)
When she was eventually released, details escape me as to how this
happened, she travelled to Australia, where her daughter was being
raised by the grandparents.
I've heard nothing more of the case.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-24 11:41:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Talk.politics.crypto is mostly about Detweiler 
The new crypto newsroup, talk.politics.crypto, is almost wholly
devoted now to the flames and rants of Detweiler and people respoding
to him. I checked for the new messages there this morning and this is
the list I got back:
1       The Data Highway Patrol                         Olaf Seibert
2  +    CRYPTOANARCHIST INFILTRATION ALERT              Lvx Fiat
3  +    CRYPTOANARCHISTS ARE LIKE DRUG DEALERS          Pablo Escobar      4  +    THE CRYPTOANARCHIST CONSPIRACY                  S.Boxx
5  +    THE GLORIOUS 1000 YEAR CRYPTOANARCHIST REICH    The Allied Forces I know you're tired of Detweiler discussions, but I thought this to be
an interesting snapshot of things.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-12-28 19:17:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: GPS and security 
This is come up a couple of times, and I think it was Phil Karn who
summarized the situation well.
Basically, there have been two modes used simulaneously, a precision
mode for U.S. military use (cruise missiles, for example) and a
general mode for everyone else (boaters, campers, Iraqis, etc.).
During the Gulf War, I have heard, the encryption was turned off, or
whatever it took to make the general channel as precise as the
military channel. (This is not as dumb as it sounds, as it let the
military use lower-cost Trimble Navigation-type units in large
quantities, among other things, and certainly Saddam Hussein was in no
position to take advantage of this sudden situation in any significant
I also understand that the general channel can give near-military
results by straightforward crunching of some of the general channel
results (to null out positional errors, the "dither" introduced to
degrade the positional accuracy).
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-02-01 10:53:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Eudora mail reader for the Macintosh 
(I wrote this as a reply to Dave Deltorto, then realized there may be other
Mac-using cypherpunks for whom this might be useful.)
Meta-message to list: I propose a brief AGENDA ITEM on mail readers like
Eudora and the DOS versions, as part of our understanding of what mail
readers are out there and what may need to be hacked to incorporate PGP.
RIPEM, etc. I'll speak very briefly on Eudora, and others can speak on
others readers. How's this sound?
 (part of some e-mail we exchanged....nothing
sensitive, so I hope Dave doesn't mind me quoting it and distributing it to
the List.) BTW, Dave is referring to my "Top Ten Reasons I Don't Use PGP"
article I sent out to this list a few months back and which I forwarded to
him recently.
I have the 0.5.3 version, which seems to work OK. Eudora (the mail reader
program) has made reading PGP messages much easier--I automatically get all
my mail, cut the PGP messages into the clipboard, insert them into Vantage
(a text editor), rename them "message.asc", close the file, then tell
MacPGP to decrypt them. Seems to work, and is a whole lot better than
having to zmodem each file individually! (In case you're wondering, the
combination of NETCOM, Emacs, etc. would not allow me to cut-and-paste into
or out of the editor, hence the need to zmodem the files back to my home
machine. Eudora takes care of all of this!
I wrote, and then Dave replied:
I'll bring a copy of Eudora 1.3b119 to the next meeting (Feb. 13th). I had
to ResEdit some stuff to make it work with NETCOM, with the help of a
friend. Stuff like login name, location of the POP server, and expected
responses. Getting it to work on the W.E.L.L. may take some hacking, but
I'm sure it'll work.
(NETCOM is a wonderful service, though, and you should seriously consider
using it instead of the W.E.L.L....fixed monthly fee for unlimited use. If
you're within one of the many POPs (points of presence, not to be confused
with the "Post Office Protocol" cited above!) in the Bay Area (or L.A.,
Seattle, Portland, Sacramento, etc.), the connections are free. Also, you
get 5 MB of storage for files, buffer space, etc., instead of the measly
W.E.L.L. allotment.)
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: waiting for the dust to settle.

@_date: 1993-02-10 11:57:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
I want to share with you folks some preliminary ideas on "timed-release
cryptographic protocols," that is, methods for sending encrypted messages
into the future.
These ideas need more work, but since I have recently mentioned them to Hal
Finney, Max More, Mark Miller, and perhaps others, I guess it's time to say
something here.
Why would anyone want to send encrypted (sealed) messages into the future?
1. Foremost, to send money into the future, while protecting it in the
meantime from seizure, taxation, etc. This might be of interest to cryonics
folks who want to arrange for their own revival/reanimation at some time in
the future. (Existing systems have relied on creating endowments, insurance
contracts, trust funds, and the like. The trust of the agent is the means
for sending funds into the future--clearly this agent could be compromised,
raided, taxed, put out of business, etc. Though I am personally not a
cryonics client, I began thinking about this problem in 1989 and talked it
over with Phil Salin, who, ironically, is now himself in cryonic
2. To fulfill contracts with long payoff dates. One might wish to deliver
money at some future date, or to supply information at some future date.
3. "In the event of my death"-type messages, with guaranteed delivery of
some message or text in the event that something happens (or, of course,
that the message is not "countermanded" by the sender).
4. A software publisher might place source code in a timed-release escrow,
agreeing to release the code in 10 years, for whatever reason. (Of course,
he may lie, but that's another issue. Possibly the digital time-stamping
work of Haber and Stornetta can be used.)
I'm sure you can think of other uses. I argue that this timed-release
message is a kind of cryptographic primitive...though it may be argued that
it's just a variant of an ordinary message transmission, albeit one through
time instead of through space.
Diving right in, some approaches:
A message is encrypted (standard public key means, though private key
methods work the same way) and "sent out." Perhaps into a network of
remailers or a Cuperman-style "pool" (BTW, my compliments to Miron C. for
deploying such a thing..the first of many, I suspect). The encrypted
message is just a "passive" item in this scheme...it stays encrypted, is
available to all, etc. (in other words, the security of the message being
time-released does not in any way depend on hiding the existence or
location of the encrypted message, though of course it is important that
the encrypted message be widely distributed and not explicitly advertised
or tagged as being a timed-release message. (Detail note: Why not? Because some governments may see timed-release
messages as automatically being tax-avoiding, cryonics-supporting,
seditious, etc., messages and may attempt to hunt down and erase any such
messages...perhaps via "hunter-killer crypto viruses" or somesuch.)
Let us suppose the encrypted message is to be unlocked in 30 years. (It
could also be when some recognized event occurs, such as a Mars landing or
the death of the sender, or whatever...you'll see how this works). How can
the decryption key be prevented from being used in the meantime?
(To make this clear: both the encryted message _and_ the decryption key are
"in circulation" during all of those 30 years. Any scheme that relies on
the sender himself keeping the decryption key "secret" for those 30 years
is of course no fun at all...it's just what we have today and involved no
new cryptographic primitives, just ordinary human-mediated secrecy.) But if the encrypted message and the decryption key are both in circulation
for all of those 30 years, what's to keep someone from decrypting the
message in _one_ year, for example?
The answer: independent escrow agents who handle large volumes of messages
and agree to hold them for various amounts of time. Because they have no
idea of what's insided the encrypted messages they hold--and some may be
"test" messages deposited deliberately by reputation-rating or
credentialling agencies, such as "Consumers Crypto Guide"--and because
their business is holding things in escrow, they will not generally open
messages before the time specified.
"Aha!," I hear you exclaim, "Tim's scheme depends solely on the trust of
these escrow agents, and that's no different from depositing a sealed
envelope with your friendly lawyer and asking him to promise not to peek."
Here's how crypto and reputation-based sytems make my scenario different
(and stronger, I am arguing):
- an ecology of many escrow services, many pools, many encrypted-message
senders makes for a more robust system against subversion of any single
- no escrow agent knows what is contained in a sealed message, hence the
tempation to peek is reduced. (A wrinkle: escrow agents, like remailers,
will probably go to automatic hardware that is tamper-resistant (cf.
discussion of tamper-resistant or tamper-responding, modules in the Crypto
Glossary distributed at the first physical Cypherpunks meeting and
available in the archives). Thus, the hardware will automatically execute
certain protocols and make peeking a pain.)
- the best escrow agents (someday) may in turn increase security and their
own reputations by in turn using secondary contracts, i.e., by contracting
with _other_ escrow agents to seal parts or all of their messages.
- what results is that the original message is scattered around in various
publicly available locations (perhaps paid-for by dribbles of cryto-money
from crypto escrow agents, but this is a detail easily worked out in
various ways). The decryption key to the original message is itself broken
up into several or many pieces and scattered to a network of
"remailer"-like agents (they are essentially "remailers into the future,"
by agreeing as part of their protocol to hold messages for some amount of
time). As time passes, these various messages (pieces, remember) are
retrieved, forwarded, and generally bounced around the network.
- some escrow agents may be just "fixed delay" nodes. For example, "Alice's
Rest Stop" remailer node widely advertises that it will take in messages
and simply delay them for some fixed time, e.g., for a year. For some fee
based on message size. (Clearly the fixed time delay is a crufty approach,
much less flexible than variable delays negotiated by the messages
themselves, but it makes the idea clearer in some ways: a network of many
such one-year delays could thus "send" a message into the future in
one-year jumps.)
(It is important to remember that these messages are "first-class objects,"
to borrow a phrase, and that all messages essentially look the same and
have the same "rights" (Dean Tribble is probably barfing at my
appropriation of object-oriented lingo, but it seems appropriate). That is,
inspection of the bytes will not reveal to someone whether the message is a
$2 message, a simple love letter, a business contract, a remailed item, a
$100K cryonics payment, etc. Thus, the "authorities" cannot simply target
some class of messages and ban them or launch "hunter-killer crypto
viruses" against them, at least not without shutting down the whole
- the individual pieces may have instructions attached, such as "You will
be paid 10 crypto credits if you hold me for one year and then decrypt me."
(Not to belabor the point, but the means by which this "contract" can be
enforced are that the escrow agents never know when they're being tested,
when they're being monitored by rating services. This kind of "trust" is
what allows ordinary deposit banks to work...their business is talking
deposits and lending money, not repudiating the honest claims of
- thus, I envision a swarm of messages being stored-and-forwarded in space
and time, with an observor seeing only  bits flowing around. Nobody except
the original "launcher" (who needs to be fairly careful about the path he
selects, about robustness against some fraction of the escrow/remailer
agents going out of business, etc.) knows what's going on.
- and as the end of the 30 years period approaches, to continue with the
example I started with, the decryption key gets "reconstituted" in various
ways (depends on what is desired, and how protocols evolve...I don't claim
to have the details already worked out). For example, after 30 years the
various messages stored in escrow accounts are forwarded separately to "The
Immortalist Foundation," which may in fact be a digital pseudonym (as we
have discussed so many times here). This entity puts the pieces together,
sort of like combining the missing pieces of a text and reconstituting a
genie or demon, and finds it can now unlock the original encrypted message.
It finds, say, a million crypto credits, or the location of some physical
treasure, or whatever. (Needless to say, there are some obvious questions about what long-term
money will be stable, what banks will still exist after 30 years, and so
on. I expect new forms of time deposits to evolve. Can the original sender
be expected to know what will evolve before he seals his original message?
Some obvious issues to work on--I never claimed it would be trivial, or
static. One approach is to allow some human intervention, where an
"investment agent" opens a digital money message, redeems it, and reinvests
it in some new instrument. As usual, he would not know who the original
investor was and would be "tested" by reputation-rating agencies. It _does_
get complicated, I know.)
The Key Point: Messages sent into this network of remailers, escrow
accounts, pools, and investment agents are untraceable to the sender and
are generally unidentifiable. To break a single message involves breaking
the entire system (or colluding with enough remailer nodes, as in any
DC-Net sort of system). As with remailer networks, the expectation is that
they will become sufficiently pervasive and trans-nationalized that
breaking the entire system is just too painful and difficult (much the way
the Net is already too pervasive to easily shut down, even if some uses of
it are undesirable to various national authorities).
Timed-release messages are objects that can be transmitted, encrypted, and
can carry further instructions on where to mail them next, on how much
digital money to pay to this next link, and various other instructions or
(In other words, they are "agents" that can negotiate various contracts,
for remailing , for storage, etc. Since they are "powerless" in a human
sense, their security is provided by double-checks--perhaps by other agents
who are watching and waiting--and by the general "shell-game" system of
reputations, credentialling, and so on.)
To make this scheme clearer in a simple way, I could publicly post an
encrypted message to this list, or in one of the "pools," and then scatter
the decryption key in several pieces with several members of this list,
paying them $1 each to "hold" their piece for, say, a month. At the end of
the month, they would fulfill their end of the bargain by forwarding the
piece they hold to some public place or pool and the decryption key would
be reconstituted (don't press me for exact details....PGP doesn't support
this directly, but could). For robustness against loss of some of the
messages, an n-out-of-m voting scheme could be used (e.g., any 5 of 8
pieces are sufficient to reconstruct the decryption key).
The result is a message from the past, a timed-release message.
I'm anxious to hear your comments. I think such a cryptographic primitive
could be useful for a lot of purposes.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: waiting for the dust to settle.

@_date: 1993-02-11 00:32:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tagging copyrighted text 
ld231782 at longs.lance.colostate.edu (I'd use his real name, but this is all
I can find here....why don't people sign their messages?) writes,
commenting on some stuff by Marc Ringuette:
Er, Marc R. didn't say the world as we know it is about to collapse, nor
did I. (BTW, for you cypherpunks, most of this debate about intellectual
property rights took place recently over on the Extropians list.) But I
certainly think some big changes are coming.
With music, art, text, or executable code, once it is available for
listening, viewing, reading, or running on the customer's system, it is
also available for copying. This is the whole point--if you can read the
text, you can keep a copy of it. You mention this, but dismiss it as
inconvenient. Well, a popular song may be simultaneously requested by tens
of thousands of listeners....it is hard to imagine the 14 Gigabits per
second (10,000 x CD-quality sound) coming out of someone's home or business
to supply this need! The situation is vastly worse with video, naturally.
(I suppose some "servers," like ftp sites, could be set up to deal with
especially popular movies and music...cumbersome, though. And, yes, fiber
optics can in theory support very high bandwidths, but still not enough to
supply the video rental biz. And this traffic will clog the nets and cause
lots of problems, I would think.)
I agree that hypertext-like embeddings offer some hope, for things like
text especially, as a reader is essentially buying the total package of
texts and links, rather than just some specific text. (But any specific
text becomes vulnerable to "snagging.")
Even with much faster networks, remotely running programs introduces lags
and inconveniences, not to mention security problems (e.g., "Now you can
use _our_ word processor at _our_ site to write your love letters!"). If
nothing else, speed of light delays will become very irksome.
But I do agree that "knowledge servers" may be a way for corporate
knowledge to remain bottled up in corporations (for example).
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-11 11:49:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
Yes, a market or ecology of servers, with various competing capabilities
and reputations. "Distributed trust" is quite effective. (Someone sent me private e-mail saying he didn't like my scheme because it
wasn't as "mathematically solid" as pure encryption schemes. Let me point
out that many crypto schemes involve issues of trust, distributed trust,
collusion, and even trust. "Pure" schemes do not in general exist, except
as very basic operations. As one example, there are no unforgeable "digital
coins." And even the information-theoretically secure "dining
cryptographers" protocol is unsecure given enough collusion. The role of
reputations--common in business and interpersonal dealings--is generally
ignored in the academic crypto community, who end up tearing their hair out
over extremely complicated protocols that attempt to avoid issues of
reputation and economic incentives. Folks like Dean Tribble and Robin
Hanson have a lot to contribute to the actual realization of distributed,
agoric crypto systems.)
I don't follow this. How do you know a node (=server) hasn't just "peeked."
(BTW, if you've properly split your message/key up, peeking by any one node
will get them nothing--just bits--so they'll be disinclined to ever peek.)
I don't see how anyone but the node itself can discover its private key,
even if it cheats, peeks, or colludes.
(Which is not to say that unreliable or dishonest nodes will not be
revealed. I suspect it'll be more by testing agencies rather than by
(somehow) having the private key revealed...even a dishonest node will keep
its private key private. Possibly there are schemes that would allow proof
of "early opening" (cheating) to be revealed, vaguely analogous to Chaum's
scheme whereby digital money spent twice points to the spender...but
offhand I don't see an approach.)
A node or server gets paid by the digital cash attached either at the time
of arrival at the node (paying "rent" in advance, as it were), or after
decrypting after some amount of time (paying upon "checking out," as it
were). (Any message which doesn't include the necessary payments, by
whatever terms the node has set, doesn't get stored, sent, etc.--we saw a
lot of messages ending up in the bit buckets for failure to follow a
remailer's protocols when we played the "Crypto Game" at the physical
Cypherpunks meetings several months ago.)
The messages or packets sent between nodes can have various sub-parts,
including instructions for remailing (as with any remailer network),
payments for various services (such as holding the message for 2 years, or
splitting the message further, whatever), and so on. In general, each
message is sent to a node, with only that node being able to open it (as
it's encrypted with the public key of the node). Once opened, the node may
find various other messages, payments, instructions, etc.
If you meant something else by your question, I don't get it. Please ask it
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-11 23:36:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: wired & batch file 
And I'm sure you all know "Wired" is preparing a major article on the
Cypherpunks and crypto. I've seen the Steven Levy rough draft and it looks
You _must_ be young! Lucky you. Ted Nelson is the chief popularizer (and early architect, to be fair) of
"hypertext," or nonlinear, linked writing. As in being able to click on
this word, "hypertext," and see lots of threads taking you off to various
other places, articles, sidebars, and so on. Hypertexts thus transcend the
simple linear writing style enforced on us by paper and books.
Nelson wrote an extremely influential book called "Computer Lib," circa
1975, which described hypertext and accurately predicted many of today's
most important trends. Microsoft Press reprinted it, with corrections and
addditions, a few years back. Definitely recommended!
His project, known as "Xanadu," has been developing for close to 30 years.
About 10 or so years a team of programmers nucleated around Xanadu to
commercialize it. Known as the Xanadu Operating Company, it was funded by
Autodesk (maker of Autocad) from 1988 until just a few months ago, when
Autodesk decided to reorient its efforts. XOC may still be seeking
alternative funding.
Our own Dean Tribble is centrally involved, and other participants included
Mark Miller, Roger Gregory, and various others (some of whom show up on
this list, or at the physical Cypherpunks meetings).
Apple's "HyperCard" was a poor imitation, in the sense that full
bidirectional links were not supported (and some other limitations, though
in fairness to Bill Atkinson and Apple, the original product, codenamed
"WildCard," was not intended to be full hypertext.)
(I use a true hypertext writing system called "StorySpace," for the Mac.
Other platforms have their own such programs. Nothing as grand as Xanadu,
though. And there's a newsgroup called alt.hypertext if you're interested.)
Ted Nelson is living in the Bay Area, working on various projects. He's
shown some interest in crypto things, and talked to some of us at a recent
Hackers Conference about the implications.
Hypertext is definitely a good idea, but the commercialization has been
slow in coming.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-02-11 23:38:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: wired & batch file 
And I'm sure you all know "Wired" is preparing a major article on the
Cypherpunks and crypto. I've seen the Steven Levy rough draft and it looks
You _must_ be young! Lucky you. Ted Nelson is the chief popularizer (and early architect, to be fair) of
"hypertext," or nonlinear, linked writing. As in being able to click on
this word, "hypertext," and see lots of threads taking you off to various
other places, articles, sidebars, and so on. Hypertexts thus transcend the
simple linear writing style enforced on us by paper and books.
Nelson wrote an extremely influential book called "Computer Lib," circa
1975, which described hypertext and accurately predicted many of today's
most important trends. Microsoft Press reprinted it, with corrections and
addditions, a few years back. Definitely recommended!
His project, known as "Xanadu," has been developing for close to 30 years.
About 10 or so years a team of programmers nucleated around Xanadu to
commercialize it. Known as the Xanadu Operating Company, it was funded by
Autodesk (maker of Autocad) from 1988 until just a few months ago, when
Autodesk decided to reorient its efforts. XOC may still be seeking
alternative funding.
Our own Dean Tribble is centrally involved, and other participants included
Mark Miller, Roger Gregory, and various others (some of whom show up on
this list, or at the physical Cypherpunks meetings).
Apple's "HyperCard" was a poor imitation, in the sense that full
bidirectional links were not supported (and some other limitations, though
in fairness to Bill Atkinson and Apple, the original product, codenamed
"WildCard," was not intended to be full hypertext.)
(I use a true hypertext writing system called "StorySpace," for the Mac.
Other platforms have their own such programs. Nothing as grand as Xanadu,
though. And there's a newsgroup called alt.hypertext if you're interested.)
Ted Nelson is living in the Bay Area, working on various projects. He's
shown some interest in crypto things, and talked to some of us at a recent
Hackers Conference about the implications.
Hypertext is definitely a good idea, but the commercialization has been
slow in coming.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-02-12 09:40:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tagging copyrighted text 
Another thought on "ld231782"'s idea about high-speed networks and copyrights:
With fast enough networks, we may see a big decline in sales of programs to
end-users, as the software is made available as "on-line services."
(Obviously this has always been going on, with service bureaus, circuit
design services, etc.)
To make this very concrete, I just installed a new release of the American
Heritage Dictionary, a complete edition with definitions, thesaurus,
anagrams, roots in Latin, Greek, German, Indo-European, etc. Look up a word
and one gets an entire screenful of stuff, including detailed etymologies,
usages, etc.
Now what happens when a "dictionary server" offers to look up a word for,
say, 10 cents? With fast enough networks, of the sort ld231782 proposes,
this could replace the current system in which folks buy their own copies.
(One would still need very high bandwidth programs like editors, word
processors, drawing programs, etc., but some classes of software would be
amenable to this kind of remote access use, especially with very fast
There may be attempts to limit this, as with the laws which ban rental of
CDs (but not videos, presumably because few people have two VCRS, while
those renting CDs can presumably easily diub them onto cassettes).
This could also reduce the costs of entry to the market, as new programs
could be offered for sale or access in a low-cost way, such as through
information markets like AMIX.
I'm not taking a moral stand on either side, just noting one more
consequence of extremely high-speed networks.

@_date: 1993-02-17 12:18:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
Dave Deltorto writes (about my idea for timed-release crypto):
Loss of hardware over the years due to unreliability is unlikely to be the
main issue, for several reasons:
1. Modern MTBFs for large disk drives are approaching 100,000 hours, or
well over 10 years. The drives are likelier to be voluntarily retired
first. And newer drives, including archival optical drives, are even more
reliable (the  drives may crash, but optical media survive). For the drives
that _do_ fail, backup strategies exist, as with all storage of critical
files. To wit, if your point is correct, then the failures of some disk
drives at banks, insurance companies, etc., should be producing some
fraction of "unrecoverable losses" each year. That they are not, because of
robust backup and redundant storage methods, is evidence that crypto time
vaults will also be reasonably secure. (Granted, you wouldn't want to trust
your $100,000 deposit for 20 years on Joe Random's aging Amiga 1000.)
2. A relatively large file by today's standards, e.g., 10 megabytes, will
be a very small file by the standards of 10 years from now. The upshot is
that new and more reliable storage methods (and transmission methods) will
make storage of such small files quite trivial. (And remember that since
the pieces are encrypted, physical duplication for backups, redundant
storage, etc., is not a compromise of security.)
3. The most reputatable crypto time vaults will of course be careful not to
lose client files, especially not for such mundane reasons as disk drive
failures. 4. M-out-of-n voting strategies are likely in any case, to deal with
collusion of some of the nodes. That is, a file will be split into pieces
such that any 8 out of 12 pieces, for example, are sufficient to recover
the original file. (Encryption is a separate issue, though obviously
5. The files are likely to be moved around a lot, anyway, making hardware
failures manageable on an instantaneous basis (that is, bad nodes, etc.,
can be compensated for when the time comes to reroute the files). Thus, a
critical file does not just get "parked" at one site for 30 years.
"Persistent institutions" is what I call these systems or trusts that last
for many decades. If such systems can be built, using some of the ideas
discussed here in this group, then interesting new financial and political
structures are possible. Imagine an anonymous, distributed trust that has
$10 billion in crypto-assets and a "goal" of funding nanotech or cryonics
research. (Lots of complicated stuff yet to be considered in enough detail
on how such "goals" might be stored, acted on, etc. For the sake of
simplicity, think of it as a kind of Howard Hughes Medical Foundation,
which once owned the Hughes Corporation, but which is not located in any
one single country....)
Thanks. Lots more work is needed.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-18 10:50:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Trapdoors 
Sandy has discovered the deep dark secret of crypto! I worked for Intel
from 1974 to 1986 and can confirm this to be the case.
Every crypto key is secretly recorded by Intel microprocessors. Motorola
processors do not yet record keys, which I why use a Macintosh. The
specific instruction is the so-called "NSA instruction" which John Gilmore
identified some time ago. Sun Microsystems was ordered by the NSA to redesign their chips to capture
keys, which is why the SPARC processor was introduced. SPARC stands for
"Sun Processor Allowing Remote Capture."
Once the keys have been captured and stored on the user's hard disk (notice
how the drives occasionally turn on a night?), they are forwarded to the
NSA and National Surveillance Organization by "screen saver" programs, like
"After Dark," which were actually written by the Berkeley Microsystems
cut-out operation of the NSO. Real hackers don't use cutesy screen saver
This new automated system is much more convenient than the previous system,
where the FBI and NSO had to break into homes and offices in order to
retrieve the keys the Intel processors had recorded.
-Klaus! von Future Prime, Cypherpunk and Extropian

@_date: 1993-02-19 07:10:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Defending Free Speech and Liberty 
Cheers for John Gilmore in his defense of free speech and liberty! The
Net.Nazi who apparently criticized him for inappropriate use of the Net
clearly understands neither the nature of free exchange of ideas nor the
relative innocuousness of Murdering Thug's article on viruses.
Thug's article on polymorphic viruses was factual and made some good
points, and certainly was not very controversial. And even if it was
controversial, so what? Frankly, Thug's article was pretty tame (no
offense, Thug...a lot of our postings are pretty tame). I've seen more
details elsewhere on the Dark Avenger Mutation Engine, so big deal! (The "virus construction kit" idea was also recently the subject of an
article in one of the trade rags, and I recall Steve Gibson writing at
least two fairly alarmist and detailed articles on polymorphic viruses for
"Infoworld." And the trade journal "Computers and Security" has extensive
coverage of all of these virus technologies.)
As with so many things that the cop and spy mentalities want kept secret
from the riffraff, who gains by keeping the secrets? The Bulgarian virus
writers (could this whole "Bulgarian" thing be just part of the propaganda
campaign by the SPA and GoreTechs to ensure a "safe" network, a la NREN?
Just a thought.) certainly will be a lot more current than casual readers
of a brief article.
If discussion of viruses is discouraged--or even banned--who will benefit?
Ordinary citizens will be kept in the dark, while the virus guys at Los
Alamos and the Army Center for Signal Warfare (Vint Hill Station, VA) will
continue to let out contracts for virus warfare to MITRE and their ilk,
while bogus stories get out (like the supposed viruses planted in equipment
bound for Iraq just before the war started), and while the supposed "good
guys" like Fred Cohen (he wrote the first big study of viruses and
brunnering) are busy proposing "good viruses" that would seek out tax
evaders, deadbeat Dads, and other subversives! (Lord, save us from the
Meanwhile, the French SDECE is spying on everyone they can and probably was
behind CLODO (Comite Liquidant ou Detoumant les Ordinateurs), the
anti-computer terrorist group. The better to scare the populace, don't you
I say, let's expand the scope of the Cypherpunks list to include more
discussion of viruses. We can't let it become a monopoly of the Authorities
(the Brunner Authority instead of the Turing Authority?)
The "Cypherpunk Ethic" says we don't trust authority to tell us how to
compute, and we don't understand defense methods until we understand attack
methods. QED.
Frankly, I expect the next target of the powerfreak authorities to be our
work on anonymous remailers and digital money. They'll come to see that as
a bigger threat than mere viruses.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-19 12:08:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Spreading Encryption to Political Groups 
Kelly Goen expresses his outrage about the powerfreaks controlling the
police/spy/military agencies and encourages us to help spread encryption
and privacy technology to the groups figthing the government:
I agree completely.
Even though I'm a libertarian (small "l") anarchocapitalist who happened to
vote for Perot (who has his defects!), I support some (but not all) of the
liberal agenda. Especially as regards getting the government out of our
lives. (And where I part company with many on the left is in the areas of
interference in free markets, anti-discrimination laws, and other statist
invasions of freedom and privacy.)
places like the Hackers Conference, I would say that about 50% are strongly
libertarian/anarchist, about 20% are liberal/leftist, and the rest I don't
know about.
What's the point? That we should follow Kelly's advice and make some
contacts with those in other movements. I suspect this may be happening
anyway, as Phil ZImmermann has said he wrote PGP partly to help peace
activists and the like.
Just my opinion, of course.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-22 10:18:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Key Registration 
The proposal was slightly different and has not been officially proposed as
any kind of law. Here are some more details:
* Dorothy Denning, noted cypto and security expert, floated a trial balloon
at the Computer Security Conference last fall. (I summarized it and posted
it to sci.crypt, where more than 1000 messages related to this thread, "A
Trial Balloon to Ban Encryption?," eventually appeared.)
* Under her proposal, a user of P-K methods would take his _private_ key
and encrypt it to the _public_ key of an agency like the Justice Department
(which I'll use from now on to represent the government side). The
encrypted key would then be placed in a repository with another agency,
perhaps a private agency like the CPSR or even the EFF. The key storage
agency obviously could not read the messages (as they would be encryped to
the Justice Deparment's key).
* A properly-obtained warrant could then be presented to the key
repository, obtaining the specific key. The Justice Department could then
decrypt with its private key and thus have the private key of the user.
* Ostensibly, this prevents the Justice Department from simply snooping
through whatever messages it wishes to read.
* There are some obvious practical and constitutional issues:
- What happened to constitutional rights to privacy? Analogously, must one
escrow personal diaries? Install tape recorders in all private places and
escrow copies of all tapes? (Lots of comparisons to free speech, to gun
control, etc.)
- What happens when people register the "wrong" key? Is this even detectable?
- If "noise" is sent, will the Justice Department demand the "key" be
presented? How? And what penalties for noncompliance?
- Many applications demand dynamic generation of keys---many public keys,
many session keys, etc. How will these be registered? What fees?
- It seems likely that a key registration scheme will also place limits on
many of the things we hold dear on this list--digital money, anonymous
systems, remailers, and all the other wonders of crypto anarchy.
There's a lot more. And there was a lot of debate in sci.crypt about this.
Fortunately, I don't see any further moves to make this a law. But it may
come in a few years.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-23 10:10:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Dining Cryptographers Nets--An Introduction 
Here's a summary of the "dining cryptographers net" I wrote back in the
pre-Cypherpunks days (which I later posted to the nascent Cypherpunks
list). I'm posting it here because of the question just asked, thinking
that others may be similary confused. (A "Glossary" also exists, and is in
the "soda" archive site.)
(I could apologize for the volume, but cyherpunks ought to be able to
handle a few measly kilobytes of stuff. Besides, at least this won't go out
multiple times to the list!)
Understand that DC-Nets are further off in the future than the
Cypherpunks-PAX-PENET-style remailers being discussed these last few
months. Chaum-style mixes, based on his 1981 CACM letter, have yet to be
implemented, let alone the more advanced DC-Net-style systems. Hal Finney,
Marc Ringuette, and Yanek Martinson are some of the folks on this list who
are interested in working on DC-Nets....Yanek even claims to have a
primitive one running on his local machine and is interested in volunteers
to test it on a larger basis.
The "Information Liberation Front" also posted Chaum's entire 1988 paper,
"The Dining Cryptographers Problem: Unconditional Sender and Recipient
Untraceability." I suppose you could ask them to repost the article or
forward it to you.
Hope the newcomers enjoy this.
Reply-To: uunet!gnu.ai.mit.edu!Extropians
Marc R. has opened the door for me to get into some really exciting
Complexity Warning: This stuff (I'm being informal) is easy once you
get the basic idea. But getting the basic idea usually involves reading
several articles on what RSA, digital signatures, etc., are all about,
working out some examples, thinking about it, drawing pictures with
other folks, and finally having an "Aha!" experience (in Werner Erhard's
terms, you "get it"). The ASCII nature of the Net is not conducive to learning
this stuff, despite the excellent summaries of crypto by Marc R. and Perry M.
The almost-latest "Scientific American," August, has an article by David Chaum
on digital money, and the latest "Spectrum," available at selected newstands,
has several articles on security and cryptography. Also, there are lots of
books. Look 'em up in a university library or flip through them at a large
technical bookstore and pick the one you like the most. (I like a slim
Springer-Verlag paperback, "Modern Cryptology," by Gilles Brassard, 1988, as
a good intro to "modern"--as opposed to "classical"--crypto.)
If the stuff in this posting, and on crypto in general, is beyond your
current understanding, either ignore it, skim it and try to get the gist,
or dig into the articles and books. Anyway, back to "The Dining Cryptographers Problem: Unconditional Sender and
Recipient Untraceability," David Chaum, Journal of Cryptology, I, 1, 1988.
Since this journal is hard to get, I'll discuss the article in some detail.
(The techniques have major implications for anarchocapitalism and for
Extropian ideas.)
Abstract: "Keeping confidential who sends which messages, in a world where any physical transmission can be traced to its origin, seems impossible.
The solution presented here is unconditionally or cryptographically secure,
depending on whether it is based on one-time-use keys or on public keys.
respectively. It can be adapted to address efficiently a wide variety of practical considerations."
A word on terminology: "Unconditionally secure" means what it says: no
computer will ever crack it. One-time pads are unconditionally secure...no
code or cipher is involved, except the one-time pad, so the message is
secure as long as the pad has not been compromised. "Cryptographically
secure" means secure so long as various crypto ciphers are secure, which
may be for a very, very long time (e.g., with very large primes, in RSA).
Chaum describes some "dining cryptographers," which I will playfully change
to "dining Extropians." (The term is of course a variant of the seminal
"dining logicians problem" in computer science)
Three Extropians are having dinner, perhaps in New York City. Their waiter
tells them that their bill has already been paid, either by the NSA
or by one of them. The waiter won't say more.
The Extropians wish to know whether one of them paid, or the NSA paid. But
they don't want to be impolite and force the Extropina payer to 'fess up,
so they carry out this protocol (or procedure):
Each Extropian flips a fair coin behind a menu placed upright between himself
and the Extropian on his right. The coin is visible to himself AND to the
Extropian on his left. Each Extropian can see his own coin and the coin to his
STOP RIGHT HERE! Please take the time to make a sketch of the situation I've
described. If you lost it here, all that follows will be a blur. I'm sparing
you folks my attempt at an ASCII drawing!
Each Extropians then states out loud whether the two coins he can see are the
SAME or are DIFFERENT, e.g., "Heads-Tails" means DIFFERENT, and so forth. For
now, assume the Extropians are truthful.
A little bit of thinking shows that the total number of "DIFFERENCES" must
be either 0 (the coins all came up the same), or 2. Odd parity is impossible.
Now the Extropians agree that if one of them paid, he or she will SAY THE
OPPOSITE of what they actually see. Remember, they don't announce what their
coin turned up as, only whether it was the same or different as their neighbor.
Suppose none of them paid, i.e., the NSA paid. Then they all report the truth
and the parity is even (either 0 or 2 differences). They then know the NSA
Suppose one of them paid the bill. He reports the opposite of what he actually
sees, and the parity is suddenly odd. That is, there is 1 difference reported.
The Extropians now know that one of them paid. But can they determine which
Suppose you are one of the Extropians and you know you didn't pay. One of the
other two did. You either reported SAME or DIFFERENT, based on what your neighbor to the right (whose coin you can see) had. But you can't tell which
of the other two is lying! (You can see you right-hand neighbor's coin, but
you can't see the coin he sees to his right!)
This all generalizes to any number of people. If none of them paid, the parity
is even. If one of them paid, the parity is odd. But which one of them paid
cannot be deduced. And it should be clear that each round can transmit a bit,
e.g., "I paid" is a "1". The message "Attack at dawn" could thus be "sent"
untraceably with multiple rounds of the protocol.
The Crypto Ouija Board: I explain this to people as a kind of ouija board.
A message, like "I paid" or a more interesting "Transfer funds from.....,"
just "emerges" out of the group, with no means of knowing where it came from. Truly astounding.
Now there are many interesting wrinkles and elaborations to this protocol. I'll
note just a few.
1. Collusion. Obviously the Extropians can collude to deduce the payer. This is best dealt with by creating multiple subcircuits (groups doing the protocol amongst themselves). Lots more stuff here. Chaum devotes most of the
paper to these kind of issues and their solutions.
2. With each round of this protocol, a single bit is transmitted. Sending
a long message means many coin flips. Instead of coins and menus, the neighbors would exchange lists of random numbers (with the right partners,
as per the protocol above, of course. Details are easy to figure out.)
3. Since the lists are essentially one-time pads, the protocol is unconditionally secure, i.e., no assumptions are made about the difficulty
of factoring large numbers or any other crypto assumptions.
4. Participants in such a "DC-Net" (and here we are coming to the heart
of the "crypto anarchy" I have mentioned several times, and which is
perhaps foolishly advertised in my .sig) could exchange CD-ROMs or DATs,
giving them enough "coin flips" for zillions of messages, all untraceable!
The logistics are not simple, but one can imagine personal devices, like
smart card or Apple "Newtons," that can handle these protocols (early applications may be for untraceable brainstorming comments, secure
voting in corportate settings, etc.)
5. The lists of random numbers (coin flips) can be generated with standard
cryptographic methods, requiring only a key to be exchanged between the appropriate participants. This eliminates the need for the one-time pad,
but means the method is now only cryptographically secure, which is often sufficient. (Don't think "only cryptographically secure" means
insecure....the messages may remain encrypted for the next billion years)
6. Collisions occur when multiple messages are sent at the same time. Various
schemes can be devised to handle this, like backing off when you detect
another sender (when even parity is seen instead of odd parity). In large systems this is likely to be a problem. Solutions are left as an exercise.
7. Noise. Some participants may try to flood the circuit with spurious
messages, to defeat the system or for whatever other reasons. This is
still an issue. (If there's anything to take away from crypto, it's that
nothing is as simple as it looks, that there are always devious ways to spoof, jam, and forge. I expect you've seen this from some of the debate
on digital voting schemes.)
What Can "DC-Net" Be Used For?:
* Untraceable mail. Useful for avoiding censorship, for avoiding lawsuits,
and for all kinds of crypto anarchy things.
* Fully anonymous bulletin boards, with no traceability of postings or responses. Illegal materials can be offered for sale (my 1987 canonical
example, which freaked out a few people: "Stealth bomber blueprints for
sale. Post highest offer and include public key."). Think for a few minutes
about this and you'll see the profound implications.
* Decentralized nexus of activity. Since messages "emerge" (a la the ouija
board metaphor), there is no central posting area. Nothing for the government
to shut down, complete deniability by the participants.
* Only you know who your a partners are....in any given circuit. And you can
be in as many circuits as you wish. (Payments can be made to others,
to create a profit motive. I won't deal with this issue, or with the issue
of how reputations are handled, in this posting.)
* The tamper-responding "digital mixes" can still be useful, and may supplement
this purely software-based approach.
* Digital money gets involved, too, both for payments in this system, and in
terms of "alternative currencies." I'm not an economist, so I'll leave this for others to go into in more detail.
Enough for now. Chaum's work is just the start. These systems can initially be
set up for "innocuous" purposes like research into crypto techniques (not yet
banned in the U.S.), role-playing games, religions, and the like. Once
they get going, it'll be too late to stop the other things.
Hope you liked this summary. Please read the articles...there's just no way
my posting can do justice to them (though I admit I've concentrated my efforts
on the political aspects, which "respectable" crypto researchers rarely
mention, so perhaps the flavor here is a bit more Extropian than you'll
find elsewhere.)
--Tim (part of the "Too Many Tims!" Conspiracy)

@_date: 1993-02-23 11:23:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Futility of General Crypto Education? 
....stuff about a radio call-in show elided....
Point well taken. Most of the stuff we talk about is almost too esoteric
for _ourselves_ (well, at times), let alone for the public. Pete's point is that we should keep our message very simple, mostly by
focussing on privacy. (This is a theme Tom Jennings has also pushed, even
urging this list to drop references to "crypto," which he thinks connotes
spies and secrets, and instead replace it with "privacy," which he thinks
most people will find more palatable.)
But I think trying to educate the public is an absolutely lost cause. The
Libertarian Party has been trying for years, and just got the lowest vote
percentage in their history. (I suspect the Peace and Freedom Party, or
other parties, would admit the same thing.)
The average voter believes in UFOs, ghosts, brain cancer from cellular
phones, the dangers of nuclear power, psychics, the War on (Some) Drugs,
and the whole "democracy" thing. She certainly won't take the time to learn
about RSA, digital money, etc.
We won't get crypto liberty via the ballot box, we'll get it only if the
technology is sound and is deployed widely enough so that attempts to stop
it are futile. This has been how the most important changes in society have
occurred, from agriculture to printing to telephones: the technology filled
some need, spread, and became unstoppable. Convincing the voters at the
ballot box was never an issue.
Having said this, I agree that there's some role for educating some
fraction of the public, so I applaud the many fine efforts of the EFF,
CPSR, and so on. And some of these efforts may delay legislation which
would make otherwise delay the "Crypto Phase Change."
And I suppose I agree with Pete that if and when public forums are held,
common sense dictates that the really abstruse stuff be avoided--I know I'd
flip to another station if the discussion turned to the intricacies of PERL
scripts in remailers! :-}
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-23 13:33:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Congratulations to All! 
With all the volume on this list, and the controversy over "Deadbeat" (in
both his/her content and the multiple postings), and the flame wars (not
here, of course!) over the anonymous postings, I wanted to say a few
things. I'll be brief.
* Congratulations to all on the amazing progress being shown. The
"problems" are themselves valuable learning experiences, spurring on new
developments and forcing important issues to the fore.
* The escapades of "Deadbeat" are especially valuable, as weaknesses are
revealed and fixes are implemented. The sociology of anonymous systems is a
largely unexplored territory. (From the phrasing he uses, "Deadbeat" seems
to be one of our regular posters, and is clearly not some malicious
outsider intent on destroying our system--and even if so, he's still doing
us a service!).
* Our own Lance Detweiler posted to sci.crypt a very long and excellent
summary of anonymous mail, remailers, and general issues. It is still
there, titled, "IDENTITY, PRIVACY, and ANONYMITY on the INTERNET."   I'm
surprised it hasn't been mentioned here more often. In fact, it ought to be
posted to _this_ list, in case someone isn't reading sci.crypt (that's hard
to believe, though). Others, like Hal Finney, have also posted recent
summaries of remailers.
* The "whistleblower" group idea is a good one, as is the "pools" idea. The
whistleblower application is already in use via a modem system in
Washington (I saw this mentioned about a year ago...I can dig up the
details, maybe), though not using any form of crypto anonymity. I confess
to having similar ideas some time back, which I mentioned at the first
physical Cypherpunks meeting, in September, though I completely missed the
importance in terms of _public relations_. In other words, I think it's a
great idea.
(The obvious benefits of an anonymous whistleblower group will make it hard
for government types to object. Even if a lot of "noise" is posted
(spurious claims, rumors, etc.), the exercise will be beneficial. And
journalists who begin to dip into such a group for possible articles, will
thus become educated themselves.)
* The actions of the "*.army.mil" guys may have also spurred on some of our
activists. What Kelly Goen is proposing to do--spreading these crypto
anarchy methods to other politically active groups--is also a wonderful
* It seems we are getting lots of newcomers to the list (though I keep
seeing cancellations posted to the general list, too!). It might be nice to
hear from them about their reactions. And perhaps Eric Hughes could
occcasionally summarize list statistics, as he did several months back. For
example, how many are now on the list? How many "*.mil" sites? Etc.
* The recent interest by "Mondo 2000," "Wired," and "The Village Voice" in
Cypherpunks activity and in digital privacy in general suggests we are
doing something quite important and interesting.
* All in all, I think amazing progress is being made.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-24 15:50:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymous flooding 
Marc Ringuette worries about anonymous messages flooding the nets:
The simple solution: paid transmissions. Remailers pass on messages only if
they receive the payment they've announced is their fee. While _some_
remailers may pass on messages for free (charity, policy, etc.), _their_
recipients are under no obligation (obviously) to continue to forward them
if no postage is attached.
This means the nets may indeed be filled with junk, but at least somebody
has to pay for it--and the remailers are making nice profits. Economics
thus provides a damping effect against runaway situations (as it does in so
many areas that at first seem unstable).
(The analogy with junk mail in the current postal system is apt: you may
not like getting 10 pieces of junk mail a day, but at least you never have
to pay for it directly...and the Postal System _likes_ "direct mail" (junk
mail), as it pays the bills.)
Again, a remailer "willing to forward" to multiple destinations must pay
for the transmission--and the recipients will of course look to see that
_their_ remailing fees are paid. It is thus extremely expensive to "flood"
the nets, as each message costs some amount to transmit to remailers, to
remail, etc.
And don't forget that most folks will likely have various forms of
reputation filters running. The may scan incoming messages for interesting
content, for messages from senders known to them, etc. As with our ordinary
mail, the junk can be thrown away very quickly. Fine, some remailers may insist on a 1-1 correspondence, others may remail
to as many sites as postage is provided for. The market can then decide
which remailer to use. Businesses who take all paying customers generally
outcompete those with arbitrarily set policies or their own ideas of
rationing services (e.g., "But, sir, we can't let you buy five tubes of
toothpaste--what if _everyone_ tried to buy five tubes?").
Little need to be discouraged. There are a great many "covers" for
anonymous mail, including legal consultations (attorney-client privilege),
psychiatric consultations (ditto), religions ("Digital Confessionals--the
Latest in Catholic Computing"), games (role-playing), and "personals" ads
(as in newspaper ads that match partners, dates, etc., except mediated
electronically in this case).
Stopping any one of these will be tough, stopping them all would be very
hard indeed.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-24 17:23:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Internet is Not the Long Term Solution 
I want to clarify some points about my earlier posting on how remailer fees
fix the "anonymous flooding" problem which Marc Ringuette mentioned.
Implicit in my comments were some assumptions which I ought to break out
* The current Internet, glorious as it is, is not the likely long term
solution. The various bans and constraints on business interactions, on
fees, on commercial use, etc., are major limits to what we're talking about
here. (Some alternatives exist, like Alternet (sp?), but Internet is what
most of us are now using.)
* "Remailing fees" are the natural, free market solution to the costs of
transmitting, decrypting, storing, and forwarding messages. But these fees
run afoul of various Internet rules.
* The Internet policy statements are often invoked by sysadmins and
would-be censors (David Sternlight comes to mind) who are worried about
uses, abuses, and out of the ordinary situations. Ditto for Prodigy and
similar systems. The talk about bans on anonymous mail (nothing seriously
proposed, so far as I know) reflect the government-dominated nature of the
current Internet.
* Though what we are doing with anonymous mail, remailers, digital
pseudonyms, and even digital money is educational and even fun, I doubt any
of us expects our "constructions" to persist, to be a real foundation for
future digital economies. Well, at least I don't expect much to last.
Instead, what we learn with these systems will be carried over to new kinds
of networks, or on radically evolved descendants of today's networks.
* These new kinds of networks may look more like descendants of FIDONet
than of the Internet, in the sense of being more decentralized and outside
the control of institutions and government agencies. (Some have argued that
the Internet is already transnational and is already beyond the control of
governments. This sounds plausible in theory, but in practice most Internet
users _are_ subject to various rules about usage, about noncommercial use,
* Some on this list have expressed distaste that remailing will have to be
_paid for_ by someone (other than themselves). This is the way economics
works. Remailers will act on the profit motive, and this in fact will do
more to increase the numbers and types of remailers than anything else.
When "Mom and Pop" remailer sites can be set up for the cost of a PC, hard
disk, and perhaps a "hardware mix" (a Chaum-style tamper-resistant  module
which mixes incoming messages, stores them for sufficient latency, then
remails them), then the profit motive will ensure lots of these remailers.
* I'm not saying the current Internet will not evolve into such a network.
In fact, the rapid growth in many countries and on many platforms may mean
it already has enough momentum to become the type of network we need to
develop these cyberspace constructs. But it's possible the form will be
quite different.
My crude timetable for the spread of crypto anarchy still has the 1993-5
period as a time of experimentation (such as we're doing), with more
robust, profit-oriented enterprises appearing around 1996 or so. (A few
brave souls may enter the market even earlier.) -Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-24 23:19:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Internet is Not the Long Term Solution 
Marc Horowitz writes, referring to my comments:
I wasn't very clear, or detailed, about this. I certainly didn't mean "like
FIDONET" in the sense of a bunch of slow store-and-forward DOS-type
machines. I agree with Marc that fast networks are the way to go.
But the decentralized, privately-operated nature of FIODONET is intriguing,
especially if combined with high-speed fiber optic networks and such. And many of the packetized messages we expect to see in with digital mixes
will easily tolerate (and even require) some latency at each node. A large,
diverse system of store-and-forward nodes may be very suitable for much of
what we're talking about here. The long delays on the current FIDONET are
of course unacceptable. (No point in arguing how much latency, how much
delay is acceptable, etc., because it will all depend on the nature of the
In summary, what I hope we get is a heterogeneous, decentralized,
market-oriented mixture of networks, some very high speed, some slower
speed, and some that are very slow but secure. So long as the Feds don't
force the development in one direction, this is what I expect to see.
Like Marc says, perhaps someone will offer this, though I doubt it.
However, while passenger transportation systems can offer unlimited use
tickets, the same is not generally the case with freight transportation
(where someone might ship thousands of tons of freight on one ticket!). I
doubt anyone will offer unlimited data transport for some fixed time
period, for the same reason.
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-24 23:20:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymous flooding 
Have I missed something? Has anon.penet.fi been shut down or cut off from
the net?
Please fill us in. I think most of us are rooting for you and your system
(though some *.army.mil readers are probably not--they just can't stand the
thought of defense secrets being sold on crypto anarchy nets!).
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-26 16:59:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: What We Need to Censor 
I, too, am disturbed and worried by the abuses and politically incorrect
postings being sent through anonymous remailers, so I support the calls by
some on this list for censorship of various "bad" postings. Topics for banning:
- hatred, such as the hatred some have for particular operating systems
(unless the hatred is for DOS, which is justifiable, and hence acceptable).
- advocacy of violence, which is why postings about Rambo movies and
various porno movies (violence against women, don't you know?) need to be
blocked by remailers. "Women Against Pornography" will be happy to instruct
us on what media materials are acceptable and what are not. Jesse Helms,
who is working closely with Andrea Dworkin and other feminists, will be
happy to provide a list of banned topics.
- this ban on advocating violence will also of course cover discussions of
the Mideast, Bosnia, and the student uprisings in China several years ago
(there was a lot of advocacy of violence then--can't have a repeat of
that!). Let's all chant: "Hey Ho, Hi Ho, "rec.guns" has got to go."
- ethnic slurs and advocacy of racial superiority (unless it involves the
heartfelt calls for action by our oppressed African-American brothers and
sisters, who have every right to call us honkies and advocate burning down
our cities--we just can't tolerate those who call themselves
- advocacy of illegal acts, including nearly all postings to alt.drugs,
alt.sex.children, talk.bizarre, and sci.crypt.underground. Come to think of
it, perhaps those groups should just be shut down?
- anonymous phone calls apparently are possible...perhaps we can require
all phone calls go through government-cleared operators? And I have even
heard that anonymous letters--even threats, blackmail (wonder where _that_
name came from?), pornography, and extortion demands--are possible using
the U.S. mail system! How can this be? What can we do? I know, let's censor
the mail system the same way we plan to censor the Net!
So, you anarchists, let's implement these bans on what goes through remailers!
One small problem: how can we do this when everyone's a remailer? When
multiple routes exist? When sites are in many countries?
Hmmmhhh...perhaps we censors just need to shut down the nets and stop all
this loose talk.
-Tim, applying for a job as a Usenet censor
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-27 21:10:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Censorpunks Demand Action Against "D. Lewdud" 
The "Censorpunks" now demand that action be taken against the rantings of
one "D. Lewdud," an apparent newcomer to this list! His calls for complete
(rest of this excellent, er, I mean "unacceptable," posting elided)
Censorpunks, we cannot allow garbage like this to pollute our net! There
ought to be a law!
But seriously, Lance Detweiler does raise some serious points. And I hope
neither Lance, nor George Gleason, nor anyone else was too offended by my
satire about censorship. I felt John Gilmore and others had made the
"slippery slope" arguments well enough, and I would add my comments in the
form of a satire (as I like to do...you ought to see some of my spoofs over
on the Extropians list!).
A few comments on Lance's points:
Nobody has ever said the transition to crypto anarchy will be pleasant
(remind me sometime to discuss how easy assassinations for pay will become,
once untraceable and robust digital cash becomes possible--it'll curl your
The key is that it's essentially unstoppable by simple legalistic means.
New kinds of solutions, like "positive reputations," will have to evolve.
(In this context, a positive reputation system means people only accept
e-mail from names or digital pseudonyms they know or have reason to be
interested in.)
The stratagem of controlling flaky, bad, or illegal posts by cooperation of
the remailers will not really work, as new digital pseudonyms will be
easily generated (and only the last remailer, the one sending it to a pool
or a newsgroup, has any real hope of "controlling" the content by reading
the plaintext). At the risk of sounding like another satire, I could point to the obvious
problems we have in free and open societies with _verbal_ abuse, threats,
blackmail, lies, propaganda, and other unsavory behavior. I could then
suggest that controls on free speech are needed (I can expect someone to
chime in here with the chestnut about how you can't shout "Fire!" in a
crowded theater...the Supreme Court justice who coined this later said he
regretted ever doing so, as every censor used it to justify controls on
speech). The price paid to reduce these nuisances is too high.
By the way, I have some scenarios for how crypto anarchy may be fought, how
it may fight back, what law enforcement may do, etc. These are from a 2.2
MB file for my still-unfinished novel on these topics. The relevant
sections on crypto and crypto anarchy are about 200K. They're mostly in
"MORE" format (an outliner for the Mac), and conversion to ASCII tends to
produce some ugly line indentation problems (the subsections indent OK, but
the following lines wrap back to the left margin). Still, perhaps I'll try
to convert them into readable essays for this list, if there's any
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-27 21:23:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
Precisely. The car rental company _does_ have a continuing relationship
with you, at least until you return their car.
(BTW, digital escrow services may allow relative anonymity--and perhaps
true anonymity--while still assuring the rental car company that they'll
get paid and will get their car back. Think of this as a surety
bond...though I suppose that many of those who don't have credit cards, for
economic reasons, will also not have $10,000 in cash laying around to post
such a bond.)
I see nothing reprehensible about discrimination against certain kinds of
payment. Maybe I don't want to carry $10,000 around in East L.A. and
instead want to be paid with a cashier's check. Maybe I just think folding
money has too many germs on it. The point is, nobody is being coerced into an economic transaction. If I
offer my car for sale for $10,000 in copper pennies, that's the way it is.
(There is some confusing legalistic stuff about debts and "legal tender,"
applying, as I understand it, to debts already incurred. But I'm arguing
the principle, not the situaion in these Beknighted States.)
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-28 00:13:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Reasons for Anonymity--A Long Selection 
The  following is part of an outline dealing with the topics on this list,
maintained since 1990 for a novel-in-progress (the writing, that is) I've
been working on for several years, off and on. In addition to using various
databases and hypertext systems (ArchiText, from Brainpower, and
StorySpace, from Eastgate Systems) for character developoment and plots, I
have also relied heavily on MORE, a powerful outline processor from
Symantec (MORE 3.0 is the direct descendent of ThinkTank, and feature
"cloning," where a branch of the outline can be replicated in many places,
allowing immediate hypertext-like jumps to distant parts of the outline,
and also maintaining database coherency). Several people have requested that I make good on my offer to post certain
parts of these notes, especially the parts dealing with "crypto anarchy"
and how it may get developed, how it may be fought by the law enforcement
types, what it can be used for, etc.
As an exeriment, I'll post here just one medium-sized branch, from deep in
the outline tree. "Reasons for Anonymity" seems in line with current list
interest. (Note that most of these comments were written in 1990-91, so
they may be slightly dated.) If the reaction is favorable, maybe I'll post more. Or, there may be other
options, such as placing parts of the outline in the archive site.
I've converted the nested outline structure to a flattened,
Harvard-labelled text file. It may still not be the easiest to read,
especially as many of the entries are intended only to jog my memory and to
help me organize my thinking.
Hope someone likes it.
Reasons for Anonymity and Digital Pseudonyms
I.  many of the same reasons as with Caller ID, but many new reasons as well
II.  Physical Threats
A.  "corporate terrrorism" is not a myth: drug dealers and other "marginal" businessmen face this every day
1.  extortion, threats, kidnappings
B.  and many businesses of the future may well be less "gentlemanly" than the conventional view has it
1.  witness the bad blood between Intel and AMD, and then imagine it getting ten times worse
2.  and national rivalries, even in ostensibly legal businesses (think of arms dealers), may cause more use of violence
3.  Mafia and other organized crime groups may try to extort payments or concessions from market participants, causing them to seek the relative protection of anonymous systems
a)  with reputations
4.  Note that calls for the threatened to turn to the police for protection has several problems
a)  the activities may be illegal or marginally illegal (this is the reason the Mafia can often get involved and why it may even sometimes have a positive effect, acting as the cop for illegal activities)
b)  the police are often too busy to get involved, what with so much physical crime clogging the courts
C.  extortion and kidnappings can be done using these very techniques of cryptoanarchy, thus causing a kind of arms race
D.  battered and abused women and families may need the equivalent of a "witness protection program"
1.  because of the ease of tracing credit card purchases, with the right bribes and/or court orders (or even hacking), battered wives may seek credit cards under a)  and some card companies may oblige, as a kind of politically correct social gesture
b)  or groups like NOW and Women Against Rape may even offer their own cards
(1)  perhaps backed up by some kind of escrow fund
(2)  could be debit cards
E.  people who participate in cyberspace businesses may fear retaliation or extortion in the real world
1.  threats by their governments (for all of the usual reasons, plus kickbacks, threats to close them down, 2.  ripoffs by those who covet their success...
III.  Needed for Certain Kinds of Reputation-Based A.  a respected scientist may wish to float a speculative 1.  and be able to later prove it was in fact his idea
IV.  Legal Protection
A.  many transactions may be deemed illegal in some 1.  even in some that the service or goods provider has no control over
a)  example: gun makers being held liable for firearms deaths in the District of Columbia (though this was recently cancelled)
2.  the maze of laws may cause some to seek anonymity to protect themselves against this maze
B.  "deep pockets"
1.  it will be in the interest of some to hide their identities so as to head off these kinds of lawsuits (filed for whatever reasons, rightly or wrongly)
2.  postings and comments may expose the authors to lawsuits for libel, misrepresentation, unfair competition, and so on (so much for free speech in these beknighted states)
3.  employers may also be exposed to the same suits, regardless of where their employees posted from
a)  on the tenuous grounds that an employee was acting on his employer's behalf, e.g., in defending an Intel product on Usenet
4.  this, BTW, is another reason for people to seek ways to hide some of their assets-to prevent confiscation in deep pockets lawsuits (or family illnesses, in which  various agencies try to seize assets of anybody they 5.  and the same computers that allow these transactions will also allow more rapid determination of who has the deepest pockets!
C.  moonlighting employees (the original concern over Black Net and AMIX)
1.  employers may have all kinds of concerns, hence the need for employees to hide their identities
2.  note that this interects with the licensing and zoning D.  to beat zoning and licensing requirements
E.  Scenario: Anonymous organ donor banks
1.  e.g., a way to "market" rare blood types, or whatever, without exposing one's self to forced donation or other a)  "forced donation" involves the lawsuits filed by the potential recipient
b)  at the time of offer, at least...what happens when the deal is consummated is another domain
2.  and a way to avoid the growing number of government stings
F.  avoidance of prosecution or damage claims for writing, editing, distributing, or selling such "damaging" materials is yet another reason for anonymous systems to emerge: those involved in the process will seek to immunize themselves from the various tort claims that are clogging the courts
1.  producers, distributors, directors, writers, and even actors of x-rated or otherwise "unacceptable" material may have to have the protection of anonymous 2.  imagine fiber optics and the proliferation of videos and talk shows....bluenoses and prosecutors will use "forum shopping" to block access, to prosecute the producers, etc.
V.  Anonymity in Requesting Information, Services, A.  a la the controversy over Caller ID and 900 numbers: people don't want their telephone numbers (and hence identities) fed into huge consumer-preference data banks
1.  of the things they buy, the videos they rent, the books they read. etc. (various laws protect some of these areas, like library books, video rentals)
2.  subscription lists are already a booming resale market...this will get faster and more finely "tuned" with electronic subscriptions: hence the desire to subscribe anonymously
B.  some examples of "sensitive" services that anonymity may be desired in (especially related to computers, modems, BBSes)
1.  reading unusual or sensitive groups: alt.sex.bondage, a)  or posting to these groups!
b)  recent controversy over NAMBLA may make such protections more desirable to some (and parallel calls for restrictions!)
2.  posting to such groups, especially given that records are perpetual and that government agencies read and file postings (an utterly trivial thing to do)
3.  requesting help on personal issues (equivalent to the "Name Witheld" seen so often)
4.  discussing controversial political issues (and who knows what will be controversial 20 years later when the poster is seeking a political office, for example?)
a)  given that some groups have already (1991) posted the past postings of people they are trying to smear!
5.  Note: the difference between posting to a BBS group or chat line and writing a letter to an editor is a)  partly technological: it is vastly easier to compile records of postings than it is to cut clippings of letters to editors (though this will change rapidly as scanners make this easy)
b)  partly sociological: people who write letters know the letters will be with the back issues in perpetuity, that bound issues will preserve their words for many decades to come (and could conceivably come back to haunt them), but people who post to BBSes probably think their words are temporary
c)  and there are some other factors
(1)  no editing
(2)  no time delays (and no chance to call an editor and retract a letter written in haste or anger)
(3)  and letters can, and often are, written with the "Name Witheld" signature-this is currently next to impossible to do on networks
(a)  though some "forwarding" services have informally sprung up
C.  Businesses may wish to protect themselves from lawsuits over comments by their employees
1.  the usual "The opinions expressed here are not those of my employer" may not be enough to protect an employer from lawsuits
a)  imagine racist or sexist comments leading to lawsuits (or at least being brought up as evidence of the type of "attitude" fostered by the company, e.g., "I've worked for Intel for 12 years and can tell you that blacks make very poor engineers.")
2.  employees may make comments that damage the reputations of their companies a)  Note: this differs from the current situation, where free speech takes priority over company concerns, because the postings to a BBS are carried widely, may be searched electronically (e.g., AMD lawyers search the UseNet postings of 1988-91 for any postings by Intel employees besmirching the quality or whatever of AMD chips), 3.  and so employees of corporations may protect themselves, and their employers, by adopting D.  Businesses may seek information without wanting to alert their competitors
1.  this is currently done with agents, "executive search firms," and lawyers
2.  but how will it evolve to handle electronic searches?
3.  there are some analogies with filings of "Freedom of Information Act" requests, and of patents, etc.
a)  these "fishing expeditions" will increase with time, as it becomes profitable for companies to search though mountains of electronically-filed materials
(1)  environmental impact studies, health and safety disclosures, etc.
(2)  could be something that some companies specialize in
E.  Anonymous Consultation Services, Anonymous Stringers or Reporters
1.  imagine an information broker, perhaps on an AMIX-like service, with a network of stringers
a)  think of the arms deal newsletter writer in Hallahan's The Trade, with his network of stringers feeding him tips and inside information
(1)  instead of meeting in secretive locations, a very expensive proposition (in time and travel), a secure network can be used
(2)  with reputations, digital pseudonyms, etc.
2.  they may not wish their actual identities known
a)  threats from employers, former employers, government agencies
b)  harassment via the various criminal practices that will become more common (e.g., the ease with which assailants and even assassins can be contracted for)
(1)  part of the overall move toward anonymity
c)  fears of lawsuits, licensing requirements, etc.
3.  Candidates for Such Anonymous Consultation a)  An arms deals newsletter
(1)  an excellent reputation for accuracy and timely (2)  sort of like an electronic form of Jane's
(a)  with scandals and government concern
(3)  but nobody knows where it comes from
(4)  a site that distributes it to subscribers gets it with another larger batch of forwarded material
(a)  NSA, FBI, Fincen, etc. try to track it down
b)  "Technology Insider" reports on all kinds of new (1)  patterned after Hoffler's Microelectronics News, the Valley's leading tip sheet for two decades
(2)  the editor pays for tips, with payments made in two parts: immediate, and time-dependent, so that the accuracy of a tip, and its ultimate importance (in the judgment of the editor) can be proportionately (3)  PK systems, with contributors able to encrypt and then publicly post (using their own means of diffusion)
(a)  with their messages containing further material, such as authentications, where to send the payments, etc.
c)  Lundberg's Oil Industry Survey (or similar)
(1)  i.e., a fairly conventional newsletter with publicly known authors
(2)  in this case, the author is known, but the identities of contributors is well-protected
d)  A Conspiracy Newsletter
(1)  reporting on all of the latest theories of misbehavior (as in the "Conspiracies" section of this outline)
(2)  a wrinkle: a vast hypertext web, with contributors able to add links and nodes
(a)  naturally, their real name-if they don't care about real-world repercussions-or one of their digital pseudonyms (may as well use cryptonyms) is attached
i)  various algorithms for reputations
(1)  sum total of everything ever written, somehow measured by other comments made, by "voting," etc.
(2)  a kind of moving average, allowing for the fact that learning will occur, just as a researcher probably gets better with time, and that as reputation-based systems become better understood, people come to appreciate the importance of writing carefully
e)  and one of the most controversial of all: Yardley's Intelligence Daily
(1)  though it may come out more than daily!
(2)  an ex-agent set this up in the mid-90s, soliciting contributions via an anonymous packet-switching (a)  refined over the next couple of years
(b)  combination of methods
(3)  government has been trying hard to identify the editor, "Yardley"
(4)  he offers a payback based on value of the information, and even has a "Requests" section, and a Classifed Ad section
(5)  a hypertext web, similar to the Conspiracy Newsletter (6)  Will Government Try to Discredit the Newsletter With False Information?
(a)  of course, the standard ploy in reputation-based (b)  but Yardley has developed several kinds of filters for i)  digital pseudonyms which gradually build up ii)  cross-checking of his own sort
iii)  he even uses language filters to analyze the text
(c)  and so what?
i)  the world is filled with disinformation, rumors, lies, half-truths, and somehow things go on....
f)  Other AMIX-like Anonymous Services
(1)  Drug Prices and Tips
(a)  tips on the quality of various drugs (e.g., "Several reliable sources have told us that the latest Maui Wowie is very intense, numbers below...")
(b)  synthesis of drugs (possibly a separate subscription)
i)  designer drugs
ii)  home labs
iii)  avoiding detection
(2)  The Hackers Daily
(a)  tips on hacking and cracking
(b)  anonymous systems themselves (more tips)
(3)  Product evaluations (anonymity needed to allow honest comments with more protection against 4.  Newspapers Are Becoming Cocerned with the Trend Toward Paying for News Tips
a)  by the independent consultation services
b)  but what can they do?
c)  lawsuits are tried, to prevent anonymous tips when payments are involved
(1)  their lawyers cite the tax evasion and national security F.  Private Data Bases 1.  any organization offering access to data bases must be concerned that somebody-a disgruntled customer, a whistleblower, the government, whoever-will call for an opening of the files
a)  under various "Data Privacy" laws
b)  or just in general (tort law, lawsuits, "discovery")
2.  thus, steps will be taken to isolate the actual data from actual users, perhaps via cutouts
a)  e.g., a data service sells access, but subcontracts out the searches to other services via paths that are (1)  this probably can't be outlawed in general-though any specific transaction might later be declared illegal, etc., at which time the link is cut and a new one is established-as this would outlaw all subcontracting (a)  i.e., if Joe's Data Service charges $1000 for a search on widgets and then uses another possibly transitory (meaning a cutout) data service, the most a lawsuit can do is to force Joe to stop using this untraceble (b)  levels of indirection (and firewalls that stop the propagation of investigations)
G.  Medical Polls (a la AIDS surveys, sexual practices surveys, etc.)
1.  recall the method in which a participant tosses a coin to answer a question...the analyst can still recover the important ensemble information, but the "phase" is a)  i.e., an individual answering "Yes" to the question "Have you ever had xyz sex?" may have really answered "No" but had his answer flipped by a coin 2.  researchers may even adopt sophisticated methods in which explicit diaries are kept, but which are then transmitted under an anonymous mailing system to the researchers
a)  obvious dangers of authentication, validity, etc.
H.  Medical testing: many reasons for people to seek 1.  AIDS testing is the preeminent example
2.  but also testing for conditions that might affect insurablity or employment (e.g.,  people may go to medical havens in Mexico or wherever for tests that might lead to uninsurability should insurance companies learn of the "precondition")
3.  except in AIDS and STDs, it is probably both illegal and against medical ethics to offer anonymous a)  perhaps people will travel to other countries
VI.  Anonymity in Belonging to Certain Clubs, Churches, or Organizations
A.  people fear retaliation or embarassment should their membership be discovered, now or later
1.  e.g., a church member who belongs to controversial groups or clubs
B.  mainly, or wholly, those in which physical contact or other personal contact is not needed (a limited set)
C.  similar to the cell-based systems described elsewhere
D.  Candidates for anonymous clubs or organizations
1.  Earth First!, Act Up, Animal Liberation Front, etc.
2.  NAMBLA and similar controversial groups
E.  all of these kinds of groups have very vocal, very visible members, visible even to the point of seeking out television coverage
F.  but there are probably many more who would join these groups if there identities could be shielded from public group, for the sake of their careers, their families, etc.
G.  ironically, the corporate crackdown on outside activities considered hostile to the corporation (or exposing them to secondary lawsuits, claims, etc.) may cause greater use of anonymous systems
1.  cell-based membership in groups
H.  the growth of anonymous membership in groups (using pseudonyms) has a benefit in increasing membership by people otherwise afraid to join, for example, a radical environmental group
VII.  Anonymity in Giving Advice or Pointers to A.  suppose someone says who is selling some illegal or contraband product...is this also illegal?
B.  hypertext systems will make this inevitable
VIII.  Anonymous Voting in Clubs, Organizations, Churches, etc.
A.  a major avenue for spreading CA methods: "electronic blackballing," weighted voting (as with number of 1.  e.g., a corporation, perhaps one of JH's, issues "voting tokens," which can be used to vote anonymously
a)  or even sold to others (like selling shares, except selling only the voting right for a specific election is cheaper, and many people don't much care about 2.  a way to protect against deep pockets lawsuits in, say, race discrimination cases
a)  wherein a director is sued for some action the company takes-anonymity will give him some legal protection, some "plausible deniability"
3.  is possible to set up systems (cf. Salomaa) in which some "supervotes" have blackball power, but the use of these vetos is indistinguishable from a standard majority rules vote
a)  i.e., nobody, except the blackballer(s), will know whether the blackball was used!
b)  will the government seek to limit this kind of (1)  claiming discrimination potential or abuse of voting B.  will Justice Department (or SEC) seek to overturn anonymous voting?
1.  as part of the potential move to a "full disclosure" 2.  related to antidiscrimination laws, accountability, etc.
C.  Anonymous Voting in Reputation-Based Systems (Journals, Markets)
1.  customers can vote on products, on quality of service, on the various deals they've been involved in
a)  not clear how the voting rights would get distributed
b)  the idea is to avoid lawsuits, sanctions by vendors, etc. (as with the Bose suit)
2.  Journals
a)  a canonical example, and one which I must include, as it combines anonymous refereeing (already standard, in primitive forms), hypertext (links to reviews), and basic freedom of speech issues
b)  this will likely be an early area of use
3.  this whole area of consumer reviews may be a way to get CA bandwidth up and running (lots of PK-encrypted traffic sloshing around the various nets)
IX.  the 100% traceability of public postings to UseNet and other bulletin boards is very stifling to free expression and becomes one of the main justifications for the use of anonymous (or pseudononymous) boards and nets
A.  there may be calls for laws against such compilation, as with the British data laws, but basically there is little that can be done when postings go to tens of thousands of machines and are archived in perpetuity by many of these nodes and by thousands of readers
B.  readers who may incorporate the material into their own postings, etc. (hence the absurdity of the British

@_date: 1993-02-28 15:45:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CFP Costs Too Much! 
(I'm copying Bruce Koball, General Chair of the CFP Conference, on this
message, as I don't know if he gets the Cypherpunks list.)
Dave Deltorto is one of several people I know, including myself, who don't
like the prices of the upcoming Computers, Freedom, and Privacy Conference:
In my opinion, $405 is way too much to pay for this conference. Science
Fiction conventions routinely get the use of major hotels at a far lower
per head price (from $40-$125 is typical). The BayCon convention takes over
most of the public facilities in San Jose's Red Lion Inn (several
ballrooms, many smaller rooms, and most of the public lobby areas), has
about 500 attendees (same as CFP), and charges less than $100 for 4 days
(and one-day memberships are typically around $30). And the "Hackers
Conference" has kept its cost down to around $300, which includes two
nights lodging and all meals (very sumptuous meals, too).
Granted, CFP puts out a nice transcript of the talks--credit them $20 for
that. Granted, a couple of meals are thrown in--credit them another $30 or
so. What's left is still too much. Yes, a "register early" discount
exists/existed, but inasmuch as there's a nonzero risk someone can't attend
(and hence loses what they paid, or some fraction of it), counting such
discounts is not really kosher. There are several possible reasons for the high fees: 1. Price insensitivity. $405 is what the traffic will bear. Most attendees
are subsidized by their law firms (which often charge $200 or more per
hour, so $400 for a conference is practically invisible to them), their
corporations, or the government (taxpayers). I suspect most targeted
attendees are price-insensitive. I'm price-sensitive, because I have to _earn_ about $700-800 before taxes
to pay for the $405 being charged, and I have better uses for $405 (like a
new DAT machine).
2. "Everyone else is doing it." Conference prices have been skyrocketing
the last few years, although some conferences (like the SF conventions I
mentioned) are still price-conscious and hold down prices. If CFP meets their attendance goal of 550, I guess they'll have been
justified to price it as they did (though the mix of attendees could still
be an issue to consider). And if they fail to meet the goal of 550, even
with the comped or subsidized attendees, perhaps they can reconsider their
3. Subsidies of journalists. In talking to several journalists and
journalistic wannabees, I've found they're getting "comped" passes. Thus,
the paying attendees are subsidizing the shmoozings and barhoppings of our
journalist friends! (This is not meant as an insult to the journalists out
there...I just can't see why they get subsidized attendance.) How important
a factor this is depends on the number of journalists, of course.
(With hundreds of new magazines every year, 50 channels of shit on the t.v.
(to borrow a phrase), and thousands of newsletters on every conceivable
subject, I am waiting for the day when there are more journalists at these
kinds of conferences than nonjournalists! They can all talk to themselves,
I guess.)
4. Other costs. And profits. Maybe it costs CFP much more to put on this
conference than it does some of the other conferences I've mentioned. Maybe
they have fewer volunteers.
In any case, I wish them luck. They are free to set their rates as they wish.
I don't plan to attend, in case I haven't already made that clear.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-02-28 21:37:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Handling Abuses of Remailers 
I'll keep this one very short.
* To handle _abusive volumes_ through remailers, charge for remailing.
Short term, this may be a problem, but this is the long term market
* To handle _abusive messages_ through remailers, ignore them. "Sticks and
stones" and all that. Put positive reputation filters in place. Accept
e-mail only through those you know or have reason to trust.
As Sandy Sandfort so cogently put it, punish the perps, not the words of
the perps. This is the basis of our society, and a good basis, too. -Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-01-05 09:56:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: purloined letter 
The study of how to hide the _existence_ of an encrypted message is
called _steganography_.
Messages have traditionally been:
-placed on microdots and hidden inside letters, under stamps, etc.
-transformed into innocuous-looking messages ("Hello, Peter! Things
are going very well on this January morn.")...typically used with book
-deposited in physical "dead drops," such as in tin cans by the side of
the road, in the branches of trees, etc. (all agreed-upon in advance,
of course)
The cypherspace domain offers new degrees of freedom for hiding such
-messages may be packed into the "least signficant bits" (LSBs) of
digital images, GIFs and TIFFs, sound samples, etc. As these bits are
at the "noise floor" for modern recording technology, message bits can
be easily made indistinguishable from "real" bits. A simple GIF image,
such as those posted worldwide in the various "pictures" groups, can
easily hold 50K bytes or more just in the LSBs (of each of the
colors). A standard 2-hour digital audio tape (DAT) can carry 80 M
bytes in the LSBs alone! (Imagine the Customs Department trying to
stop someone from carrying out the blueprints to the Aurora spy plane
packed into the LSBs of their favorite tape!)
-similar systems can be used to pack bits into the "ragged right"
margins of messages like this one, where the precise word spacing
carries some bits. Not very many, of course. And the spacing is
susceptable to munging.
-raw data, such as weather reports and sports scores, can be used.
Used since the dawn of espionage, and featured as a plot device in the
French thriller "Soft War," this method is certainly still possible to
As the amount of bits moving around increases dramatically, so, too,
will the avenues for sending encrypted messages.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-01-16 23:45:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Ideal Remailers 
SOME PROPERTIES OF IDEAL REMAILERS
It's been exciting seeing the work being done by so many of you on
remailers! Not being either a PERL user or a UNIX box owner, I haven't
had much to add to the debate these past several weeks.
But on the issue of basic, primitive features of remailing networks, I
want to make some points. I'll use Dean's message as a starting point.
I assume Dean means that by analyzing some kind of characteristic of
the message and enough of the routings, some "common factor" analysis
might reveal the sender.
This may be   true in cases  where  the routing   path  is   _visible_
(unencrypted at some or  all nodes) to  some  or all  of  the remailer
nodes. However, I  think we all  expect remailers to  (eventually) have
most or all of these properties:
* All packets are encrypted to the public key of the remailer node:
only the previous (n - 1) and next (n + 1) nodes in a remailer path
are known to node n, except by collusion between remailers.
* Some number of incoming messages are collected together before
remailing in an order that gives no clues about the order received,
e.g., lexicographic order. (I realize that at this stage of
experimentation, such "accumulation" may not be practical.)
* The remailer node n should "forget" the connection between incoming
and outgoing paths. The Chaum "digital mix" idea, when implemented
with tamper-resistant hardware, means a remailer can explicitly keep
no record of the incoming and outgoing paths, making collusion at a
later time (perhaps demanded by authorities) unproductive.
* The tamper-resistant, fully-automated nature is very important.
Running remailers on insecure boxes, or large Unix machines at
corporate and university sites, is not a long-term situation!
* Each originator of a piece of mail should, ideally, also operate a
remailing service (at least at some low level). This will allow any
message "traced back" (somehow) to a person to be "deniable"..."But I
didn't write that message, I just remailed it! And, no, my remailer
box doesn't keep any records."
* Payment for remailing services can be done in several ways.
Eventually, digital money can be used. A more immediately doable
scheme may to use the equivalent of "stamps." Since "digital stamps"
is confusing, call it "digtial postage." It may work as follows:
-Tim's Remailing Service sells "rolls" (lists) of 50-digit numbers
(large enough to make guessing unproductive) for perhaps $0.29 per
number. Each number is a "promise to remail" for some typical-sized
message, with more stamps needed for longer messages.
- No crypto protocols are really needed. Forgery by copying is handled
by simply saying that the first use of number is the only use...the
buyer of numbers must keep his numbers secure (at his site, and in
the remailing chain). The seller of numbers (e.g., Tim's Remailing
Service) is not likely to try to cheat purchasers of stamps by denying
he issued them (by standard reputation-based systems, independent
auditing services, etc.).
* Return envelopes can be handled by enclosing prepaid envelopes as
part of the message. (No record need be kept of the path, obviously,
as the return path through a web of remailers is independent of the
initial path.)
* It is very likely--almost certain, in fact--that various remailing
services will have have various policies, prices, reputations, etc.
Some will be cheap-but-not-secure, others will be secure-but-slow, and
so on. As our "Crypto Game" revealed so clearly last September at our
first Cypherpunks meeting, some remailer sites will be "narcs," some
will sell their knowledge to others, and so on. This is to be
expected, especially given that we will be operating in a nearly pure
anarchocapitalist situation, with no "enforcement" by
authorities...fortunately, free markets are quite efficient in
correcting such problems (the topic of another essay, perhaps).
But such a market will allow a user to select a remailing path, known
only to him (if collusion is avoided, and if the remailers have the
robust properties mentioned already).
I mention these robust properties--what we can call the "ideal
remailer"--because some of the existing or planned remailers do
various "non-ideal" things, like keep logs of all mail, run on
nonsecure machines, don't have strong encryption, and so on.
These imperfect remailers are still useful, especially at this early,
experimental stage. And they may exist even after more ideal remailers
come into use. Of course, there "market value" is likely to be fairly
The robust, ideal remailers are what we should be shooting for.
And I think we're making amazingly fast progress.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-01-19 11:36:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Q: What's happening in cryptography? 
Well, you're on this list now, so you'll hear about some things that
are happening. You should also read sci.crypt for miscellaneous news
and chitchat about crypto technology and policy.
RSA Data Security, Cylink, BBN, GE, Trusted Information Systems,
M.I.T., Berkeley, Stanford, Montreal, are just a few of the many
companies and universities doing crypto work. The list is really too
long to go into. Many crypto functions lie outside the domain of the
NSA (though not necessarily by their choice!): computer security, ATM
machines and banking networks, personal indentification systems,
electronic documents, locks and keys, etc.
Some of each, and sometimes under Electrical Engineering. Number
theory, elliptic functions, etc., is generally in math, while
complexity theory, algorithm analysis, etc. is generally under CS.
Again, a mixture. "Cypherpunks" cannot claim, yet, to have had any
breakthroughs. Perhaps someday.
1. This list and its FAQ (coming soon).
2. sci.crypt
3. The several articles on crypto that have appeared in IEEE Spectrum,
Communications of the ACM, Scientific American, and so on. Use your
library's resources to find them.
4. More than a dozen good crypto books exist. One recent one,
"Contemporary Cryptology," edited by Gus Simmons, has good review
articles in many of the new areas.
Good luck.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-01-21 00:33:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Communications Policy 
Norm Hardy raises an important issue:
Individuals, corporations, clubs, and perhaps even government agencies
should have the right to secure and private communications. The only
caveat with the "perhaps" for the government is that it, in theory,
belongs to "us."
I find it unsettling when people of one political party are screaming
for access to the private diaries and papers of members of the other
party. Citing Ollie North's crimes is no excuse.
If e-mail records are automatically seized and subject to archiving
and dissection, then e-mail just won't be used. Historians are already
becoming apoplectic at the vanishing of written records, letters,
notes, and the like...this may reduce even electronic records.
Strong crypto means even Ollie North can fully protect his records.
(Of course, he presumably already had access to reasonably strong
crypto, had he chosen to use it. And his e-mail was uncovered through
the very common method of finding the archived copies of IBM's "PROFS"
e-mail system kept by sysadmins. Sort of like the archives being kept
by some of the so-called anonymous remailers!)
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-01-21 09:19:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Communications Policy 
This was well-debated about a month or so back. Some remailers are
archiving mail for debugging, others for legal protection (in case
threats, blackmail, etc., used), and others are simply automatically
archiving by site policies.
In a note I wrote back then, which did not name the particular site
involved, I reported that after sending a piece of "anonymous" mail, I
got a letter of "support" for my position from the remailer operator!
After I mentioned this to the Cypherpunks list, it came out that other
sites were also keeping various forms of archives (for some or all of
the reasons listed above).
Anyway, such human-operated remailers, running on UNIX boxes in
unsecure conditions, have many nonideal characteristics.

@_date: 1993-01-21 09:58:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Communications Policy (fwd) 
After sending the attached message to Johan Helsingius, I decided it
might be of general interest to the Cypherpunks list. It's a message I
sent out in December, originally, and which got debated.
Johan's concern about my "accusations" suggests there may be enought
newcomers to the list to justify republication of posts. Attached below is the message I sent to the Cypherpunks list in
December, about remailers keeping logs. As I said in my message today
to the list, there was a debate about this, and an admission by
several remailers that they keep archives.
One of the purposes of setting up remailers is to experiment with
them, see what kind of emergent behavior appears, see what kind of
flaws and obstacles arise, see how they break, etc.
Here's one: the compromise of my "anonymity" by one of the folks
running a remailer. (Who and where don't matter, just the phenomenon
I used a single bounce without any encryption to send a message and
got a query from the owner of the remailer saying "I couldn't help
looking through my remailer archives and noticing...." and requesting
more information from me!!
Hoist by my own petard!
Several lessons:
* Multiple bounces help, even without encryption, as then the remailer
sysop can't be sure who originated the message.
* Encryption is of course even more desirable, though a hassle
(especially for Mac users).
* Remailer sysops should make a point to _not_ look at their remailer
archives. In fact, they should discard them immediately (for their own
legal protection, and for slightly greater trust amongst users, though
this is a hazy area...).
(Recall that the "mix" on which our software-based remailers are
loosely patterned are "memoryless," i.e., the tamper-resistant modules
that implement the receive-decrypt-store-forward protocol have no
memory of the mapping between incoming and outgoing messages. In
fact, the outside world cannot possibly compromise the protocols to get
at this information.)  So, my laziness in using only a single bounce, combined with the
curiosity of a remailer sysop, breaks the anonymity.
Neither surprising nor profound, but I thought you folks would like to know.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409 | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | PGP Public Key: by arrangement.

@_date: 1993-01-22 21:04:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: crypto, NSA, gnu, and cypherpunks in Boardwatch magazine 
Eric Hughes passed along an article he got, which originally appeared
in "Boardwatch":
(lots of stuff elided)
(and if you read all the way to the end...)
                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Needless to say to all of you, I don't moderate the list! Jeez, where
do they get this stuff? I haven't talked to this guy, so I have no idea where he got this
idea. Perhaps he thought my posts were more moderate than others?
Obviously he never saw my "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto"!

@_date: 1993-01-24 12:25:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: public privacy, NSA resources 
(quoting someone else)
National Computer Security Center. Send a letter requesting to be added to the distribution list of the
"Orange Book"-related materials (frequent updates to a set of
guidelines on computer security protocols, the most famous being one
with an orange cover, hence the name), and you will start receiving a
lot of stuff from them.
The address:
The INFOSEC Awareness Office can be reached at:
Department of Defense
National Security Agency
ATTN: S332
9800 Savage Road
Ft. George Meade, MD 20755-6000
or phone 301-766-8729
(these are the numbers I used a couple of years ago...your mileage may vary.)
NSA occupies two very large office buildings, including the longest
corridor in the world (a mile, if I recall correctly, but my copy of
"The Puzzle Palace" is not handy). I went and took a look, and can
confirm the parking lot is _huge_.
The 40,000 figure may or may not be accurate, as the NSA won't say.
Some say the employment is closer to 100,000. Certainly it is much
higher than that of the CIA.  Bear in mind that they are the nation's
primary SIGINT facility, operating the various listening posts in
conjunction with military personnel (via Army Security Agency, Naval
Security Group, Air Forc, etc.).
As always, read James Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace," which gets
referred to a lot on this list.
MITRE, derived from "MIT REsearch," is one of several defense-oriented
think tanks, the others being RAND Corporation ("R & D," not Ayn Rand!),
Institute for Defense Analysis (IDA), etc. The Communications Research
Division of IDA, located at Princeton, was formed in 1956 to help the
NSA. Lots of famous mathematicians, including Barkley Rosser, Andrew
Gleason, and others.
This shadowy world of defense think tanks is a subject unto itself.

@_date: 1993-01-26 00:04:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION 
(commenting on the strategy of "taking the 5th" on the matter of
decrypting one's files)
With strong crypto, e.g., with 300 decimal digit moduli, the "costs"
of decryption by brute force could easily exceed the GNP/GDP of the
So taking the 5th, or claiming to have "forgotten" the key, should
work, all other things being equal. But all other things are not
equal...perhaps they eavesdropped as the private key was being typed
in (and it was stored somewhere, presumably), perhaps they "black
bagged" the house, perhaps a simple pass phrase was used in lieu of
memorizing 300 digits, and so on.
A lot of work lies ahead.

@_date: 1993-01-26 10:31:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
Murdering Thug (not his real name) writes, quoting me:
Doubtful. That's why I cited 300 decimal digit moduli...the current
factoring record is, I believe, a 105 digit number, and this took a
network of Sun workstations a year or so (this was big news some
months back). As a former Intel employee and current Intel stockholder
(yeah!), I certainly hope the NSA is consuming large numbers of
Touchstone Deltas, but they won't do much good against strong crypto.
A bigger effect would be a breakthrough in factoring. No evidence of
this, though. ....rest elided...
Sure, one-time pads are information-theoretically secure.
The problem is the key distribution problem, as well as the storage of
one-time pads. For example, for the couple of hundred folks on this
list to communicate securely will other members, each would have to
meet in person or deliver by trusted courier a one-time pad to _each_
of the others! A very tough logistical problem, fraught with potential
weaknesses, and much easier to spoof or break than, for example,
factoring very large numbers.
This is the problem, the key distribution problem, that public key
methods solve.

@_date: 1993-01-27 19:41:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) RISKS DIGEST 14.29 
I found this in RISKS. Apparently, law enforcement types are
approaching software vendors and seeking backdoors and other
Note that Lotus is a licensee of RSA, so the encryption algorithms
worrying the FBI are probably the main RSA algorithms.
Cypherpunk activities are becoming more important than ever.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-01-29 10:29:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: OTP Generators 
...stuff elided...
Yes, we've discussed this a couple of times.
For a 2 pi detector geometry, about 100,000 decays per second are
needed to give the 40,000 or so that the detector could see. This is
about 3 microcuries (1 curie = 3.7 x 10^10 disintegrations per
second), which is far higher than the Am-241 smoke detector sources
have (0.1 microcurie, if I remember correctly...but I could be wrong
on this, as it's been years...).
(There's also the issue of detector drift, with such high levels
causing changes in the detector properties.)
Obviously, multiple detectors could be used, each generating perhaps
several thousand bits pers second. It'll still take a week or so to
fill a single CD-ROM.
Not too practical. Nor is the production and distribution of CD-ROMS
very convenient. Using this for "Cypherpunks"-type activities would be
a nightmare of inconvenience for all concerned.

@_date: 1993-07-03 02:41:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) GIFs--Now it can be told 
Here's a little experiment I've been conducting. A week ago I posted
an ecrypted GIF to a bizarre new newsgroup that showed up on NETCOM,
"alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children." Quite a controversial group,
pushing several buttons.
My posting generated some real heat, though there was absolutely no
evidence it was anything more than just a file. Apparently the mere
fact of it existing was a kind of "thoughtcrime" in these politically
correct times.
Anyway, I let it brew for one week, then wrote this explanation and
posted it. Several Cypherpunk list readers were slightly involved,
some to criticize me, some to say "Not so fast." You know who you are.
All in all, a pleasant little experiment.
Here's the posting I sent out:
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children,alt.config,netcom.netnews
One week ago tonight a new group appeared at my site,
"alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children," a group certain to provoke
controversy, to bring out the Net Cops, and to induce a certain kind
of "Stockholm Syndrome," wherein some folks scramble to initiate
censorship prior even to the Feds doing it. (Their battle cry is "Eeek! If
we don't nip this in the bud, _right now_, think of what might
My experience has been that these Net.Censors are usually too quick to
claim something has clearly gone beyond the bounds of decency and
acceptability. Thankfully, they usually fail in their efforts.
Anyway, seeing this strange new group appear on my system, I decided
to conduct an experiment.
I posted an "encrypted GIF," not further identified, and waited for
the reaction. The file was as follows (only part of it shown):
Version: 2.2
          ^^^^
              ^^
                ^
                 ^^^^
I put a couple of other "subliminal messages" in, which I suppose
could provoke the Religious Right into squawking that "Satanic
messages" are being hidden in computer files *that children could
possibly read*. Gasp!
Needless to say, such ASCII surgery performed on a PGP file (which, by
the way, was just some random message someone had sent me a while
back, utterly unreadable by anyone other than the two of us--and not
even that after I mutated various characters) makes it completely
unreadable. Even if someone had the other half of the PGP key
pair--which never existed--the file would not even checksum as a legal
PGP file!
(Putting plaintext into the file was both a message I hoped astute
readers would eventually notice--though it *is* pretty hard to
see--and an ironclad proof that the file could not be a real PGP
message, let alone a GIF, let alone kiddie porn.)
There are some quasi-legitimate issues surrounding the area of child
erotica. Was the child coerced? Was consent meaningful? Etc.
But the posting of mere bits qua bits causing such anger and flamage
indicates a serious overreaction.
Are mere thoughts the crime? Orwell covered this, didn't he?
* What if such images merely "look like" children (and just what is the
age of consent? 18? 16? "Children" of 15 can get married in most
countries of the world.)...are such "fakes" illegal?
* What if they are computer-generated images, of children that never
existed outside of a computer? Which children were exploited? We're
back to thoughtcrime again. (Don't laugh, a leading interpretation is
that even computer-generated child porn would be illegal, not because
of crimes committed against children, but because of the "atmosphere"
and "climate" it might produce. That is, thoughtcrime.)
* What if the images were morphs? Not wholly computer-generated, but the
morph of an adult image into that of a child?
* What if one 15-year old child took photos of a another 15-year old
child? What if one child "exploited" another? What if a child took
pictures of herself, self-portraits?
* What if the images, if they were ever to be posted, originated
someplace where they are legal? Perhaps Amsterdam, someone suggested.
If the U.S government tries to stop the Net (which is already a market
anarchy, thankfully) from distributing this material, mightn't all the
various countries that have different laws than ours do the same
thing? There goes alt.fan.salman.rushdie. And there goes soc.motss and
all the "normal" alt.binaries.pictures.* groups. Of course it won't
likely happen, nor will alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children go
away,either. Get used to it. (Again, I don't care for it, but wailing
and moaning won't make it go away.)
* What if someone scanned-in images from the widely available books by
David Hamilton, or Robert Mapplethorpe? Certainly many of these photos
are of nude children...would the imminent death of Usenet finally
happen if someone went down to B. Dalton Books, bought a David
Hamilton collection, and posted some of the photos in a.b.p.e.c.?
So, I would encourage folks to lighten up. In a week on the Net, not a
single kiddie porn picture has been posted. And if it does happen, try
to just ignore it. The kid whose picture was taken is probably grown
up by now (I'm guessing that many such images are from old magazines,
etc.). In any case, the occasional picture is hardly going to create a
new slave trade in children.
The issue of how the media may react is a more serious one. Part of
the reason I'm explaining my little experiment now is to make sure my
posting, at least, is not used by some nitwit reporter as the basis of
a story. (If it's being used, then he'll soon have egg on his face.)
That's the story. I hope you enjoyed the ride.
P.S. I said I'd say something about why I used encryption. Aside from
not being a real PGP-readable file, the idea was to make it look like
one. This is the likeliest way for such material to get posted, along
with anonymous remailers. The "look for the key in the 'usual places'"
bit was to resonate with the "binary nerve gas" idea, where the
dangerous pieces are stored separately and only combined at the last
minute. I don't know if such techniques are already in use, but I
expect them soon.
The mutant condors that one reader (who claimed to be a Pope in the
Church of the Subgenius, but who humorlessly missed the joke--but I
forgive him, for he knew not what he saw) wanted to feed me to, can
now stop circling my house.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-07-03 12:48:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Wired" has more than one cover--why? 
I noticed that some copies of the latest "Wired" have Peter Gabriel on the
cover and others have Mitch Kapor on the cover. What gives?
Some sort of experiment? A novel way to gauge reader reaction to the
covers? A lawsuit that forced a change in the covers?
Esthetics? (My issue, with Peter Gabriel on the cover, is much artier,
though harder to figure out, than the relatively mundane image of Kapor.)
(Peter Gabriel, being a musician, may be said to be doing "a cover of a
piece by Mitch Kapor.")
Is Crunch on another set of covers? Did the issue with some of us Cypherpunks on the cover merely represent one
of _several_ versions of the cover? (I envision the "Crypto Rebels" covers
going to the Bay Area, the "Dish-Wallahs" covers going overseas, and the
"Brenda Laurel" covers going directly to "Mondo 2000" headquarters in
-Tim May
P.S. The issue of "Wired" is superb, as always.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-07-03 13:39:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Ad Hominum attacks (was Re: PC Week Clipper article 
I largely agree with Pat Farrell's comments about the vicious attacks on
various crypto folks.
I was the one who jokingly used the term "wicked witch of the East" in
reference to D.D., though I am almost 100% certain it was only to this
mailing list, and not to sci.crypt in general. Perhaps I let my enthusiasm
for my wit take precedence over judgment. And in other places, such as
sci.crypt, I have in fact defended Denning against ignorant comments along
the lines of "Who is this Dorothy Denning person? I can't find her name
anywhere in "The Codebreakers." She must not know anything about crypto."
Whatever we may think of her position on Clipper, criticizing her
personally and imputing motives to her that cannot possibly be known to
outsiders, is foolish.
What really bothers me is the type of criticism, which I also tend to call
"ad hominem" (but which rhetoriticians may have a special name for), in
which people impute _motives_ to others. Thus, we see seemingly endless
comments about the motives of Denning, of Bidzos, of Sternlight, and of
others. (When I posted on the topic of possible cooperation with Bidzos and
RSA, I was hit with a barrage of highly critical rebuttals. The substantive
ones were fine, and expected, but the ones speculating on my motives and
imputing evilness to me were uncalled for. I wrote them off as typical Net
zeal, and am still on good terms even with those who foamed at the mouth
the most.)
"Demonizing" our opponents, or making them look like dunces (as with the
many "I've never heard of Dorothy Denning before" posts), does not help our
cause. In fact, it probably weakens our cause, for two reasons. First, it
cuts off dialog with those we disagree with. Second, we tend to
underestimate people we have written off as stooges or dunces.
While I think Dorothy Denning is, for various reasons, hopelessly in the
camp of the NSA and FBI, I see nothing to be gained by demonizing her. Or
imputing evil qua evil motives. Personally, I think being close to the FBI,
Justice Dept., NIST, NSA, etc., and socializing with them, having lunch
with them, doing contract work for them (nothing evil about that, per
se...it's how academic departments fund their research), and generally
being in "the Washington scene" has polarized her somewhat, just as we
Cypherpunks are polarized by the support we get from our peer group, from
the "cognitive dissonance" of seeing mostly the evidence that supports our
existing point of view.
When you spend your time in a milieu, work with people on their problems,
you begin to adopt their world view.
Understand, of course, that I am not addressing the underlying issues of
who is right and who is wrong...I've already made my beliefs on this clear.
I'm just agreeing with Pat Farrell that we all need to be careful not to
demonize folks like Denning, Bidzos, or even Sternlight. We don't have to
be solicitous (overly polite) toward them, and we can knock down their
arguments, but we ought not to use cheap shots and cheap rhetorical tricks
(one I hate especially is the "sound effect" jab, the ""
sort of comment inserted into postings, sometimes even into the direct
quotes of those being attacked!).
I agree, though of course he and RSADSI did not fight as hard as they might
have, in my opinion, on the subject of the cross-licensing with the DSS and
Clipper/Skipjack products. I don't pretend to understand all of the issues
involved, though I certainly can imagine he felt a lot more pressure
(legal, export, classification) from the Feds than he felt from a loose
organization of crypto privacy advocates. We're not where the money is, at
least not yet. (In fact, Cypherpunks are generally not even customers of
RSADSI, so why should Bidzos really care about our views? The industry
security group that has denounced Clipper is undoubtedly much more
Meanwhile, I have no real interest, personally, in the whole RSA v. PGP
issue...let those directly involved work it all out. I will applaud loudly
if Phil Z. and the other PGP folks do in fact reach an agreement with
RSADSI, if only because it will remove one possible avenue of attack on
private encryption.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-07-03 14:07:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) GIFs--Now it can be told 
(I'll only make a few comments.)
I meant "quasi-legitimate" in the sense of being at least a real criminal
issue. By contrast, merely discussing the issues cannot possibly be a
crime, nor can, IMHO, the creation of such a group absent actual evidence
of criminality. Sort of like shutting down "alt.drugs" on the grounds that
illegal drugs are often discussed. (We can all think of several dozen
newsgroups that touch on subjects illegal in many states of the U.S., in
many countries of the world, etc.)
Ah, but what if no mention is made of the age? If I happen to have a
collection of pictures of 19-year-olds-who-look-15, because of my own
esthetic standards, is this illegal? It sounds totally legal to me, and I
think a court opinion will ultimately be rendered that so long as the
models actually are over 18, no matter how young they look, no crime as
(Actually, the various "cheerleader porn" films cater to this fantasy and
are not classed as child porn, so long as the actresses are 18 or older.)
On purely computer-generated images:
I strongly disagree. A computer image that never involved an actual child,
cannot reasonably be viewed as child porn. Can a computer-generated "snuff"
film be viewed as murder? (I see acted-out murders every day on t.v.)
I don't take it as a personal attack. Ed's comments were thoughtful, even
if I disagreed with some of them. By the way, I agree with some comments I've received that this subject is
somewhat far afield from the "Cypherpunks charter," such as it is, but I'm
finding the hundreds of highly repetitive and arcane postings about the
same old remailer issues, and the internals of obscure mail programs, not
all that close to the charter either. (I'm not saying they shouldn't be
posted, and some have been well-written summaries, but I am saying they're
highly-detailed nuts-and-bolts issues which probably are meaninful to only
a few readers.)
Part of the Cypherpunks approach is to "monkey wrench" the "Surveillance
State" by flooding the comm lines with encrypted junk, with
suspicious-looking files that will soak up surveillance time, and with
various other subversive things that will push the boundaries.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-07-06 12:04:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We are Becoming Politically Correct Sheep 
Perry Metzger writes, about the reaction to the "junk bits" file I posted
in a controversial new group, "alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children":
Of course I agree with Perry, though I also respect the others who have
posted disagreements (sometimes strong!) here on this List or in the
various newsgroups...that's what free speech is all about.
Bear in mind that most of the "Cypherpunks agenda," to the extent we can
identify it, is likely to provoke ordinary citizens into _outrage_. Talk of
anonymous mail, digital money, money laundering, information markets, data
havens, undermining authority, transnationalism, and all the rest (insert
your favorite idea) is not exactly mainstream.
While I don't personally care for the "kiddie porn" I've seen (the David
Hamilton photos of young girls and the occasional Mapplethorpe photos in
news reports), the issues raised in this area are of great importance. (I
don't plan to argue for or against these images in this forum, though.)
If we back down every time a censor screams "Illegal!," then very few of
our agenda items will ever see the light of day.
So long as physical violence or coercion is not involved, I see no reason
to restrict the activities of others. I completely reject the concept of
"class-based crimes," such as:
- conventional erotica and pornography should be banned because it is
degrading to women, objectifies them, etc. (ironically, unless of course it
is "made by and for wimmin," a loophole added by Andrea Dworkin and her
supporters after they discovered their anti-porn crusade in Canada and
elsewhere would put an end to Lesbian porn mags like "Yellow Silk"!).
- I put "child porn" in this category because only the actual coercion of
children--if it is happening--should be stopped. (And even this is
confusing, as coercion of children happens all the time--we call it
A mere image carries no proof that this coercion has happened, for the many
reasons I have cited and others have cited (e.g., the child may have
willingly participated, the "child" may be 18 and merely look 15, the
images may have come from other countries where the customs and laws are
different, the image may have been computer-generated or morphed, and so
- "racist jokes" are being targeted for elimination in many of the Usenet
groups, by halting the carrying of "offensive" newsgroups. Legal purists
will of course note that this is not "censorship" in the legal/government
sense. IMHO, the English language needs a new term for something between
the one extreme of government censorship and the other extreme of personal
choice, perhaps something like "institutional censorship." Being a free
market sort of person, I have no problems with, say, Apple Computer
deciding not to carry "alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children" or
"rec.humor.funny.cripples," but it still a _form_ of "institutional
censorship." [especially when they are acting so as to head off legal
action, as I describe below]
- read the "academic freedom" group (I forget the exact title...search for
"acad-free" in your newsreader) and you'll see that more and more
universities are using the "sexual harassment" laws/codes to stop certain
newsgroups, to halt the distribution of sexually oriented images, and to
take disciplinary action against students (mostly male) who have put GIFs
on their computers or workstations (apparently female students who walk
past an office in which female models are used as startup screens have
decided they are being "sexually assaulted" or "harassed").
[An important point to make here is that many of these institutions are
taking actions largely because they fear that if they don't, the plaintiffs
will take their case to the _government_ legal system, perhaps by suing the
university for "condoning an atmosphere hostile to womym and other people
of color."  If there was no threat of ultimate legal action, much of this
"institutional censorship" would vanish, and people could just concentrate
on doing their jobs, with or without calendars of "Miss Usenet" gracing
their walls.]
- discussion of ways to undermine the State, via crypto anarchy and strong
crypography, are likely to be targets of future crackdowns. Sedition laws,
conspiracy laws, RICO, etc. How long before speaking on these matters earns
a warning letter from your university or your company? [Again, I think it's
the "big stick" of ultimate government action that spurs these univeristy
and company policies. Apple fears being shut down for having "involvement"
with a terrorist plot, Emory University fears being sued for millions of
dollars for "conspiring" to degrade wimmin of color, etc.)
- how long before "rec.guns" is no longer carried at many sites, as they
fear having their universities or companies linked to discussions of
"assault weapons" and "cop-killer bullets"?
[Prediction: Many companies and universities, under pressure from the Feds,
will block groups in which encrypted files are posted. After all, if one
encrypts, one must have something to hide, and that could expose the
university to legal action from some group that feels aggrieved.]
So, free speech is under assault across the country. The tort system is
being abused to stifle dissentinting views (and lest you think I am only a
capitalist, only a free marketeer, the use of "SLAPP suits"--"Strategic
Lawsuits Against Public Participation"--by corporations or real estate
developers to threaten those who dare to publicly speak against their
projects is a travesty, a travesty that the courts have only recently begun
to correct).
We are becoming a nation of sheep, fearing the midnight raid, the knock on
the door. We fear that if we tell a joke, someone will glare at us and
threaten to sue us _and_ our company! And so companies are adopting "speech
codes" and other such baggage of the Orwell's totalitarian state. Political
correctness is extending its tendrils into nearly every aspect of life in
Time to fight back. -Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-07-06 16:07:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Let's kill all the lawyers..." 
"What do you call the killing of those lawyers in San Francisco last week?"
Answer (you knew this was coming): "A good start."
The discussion of free speech and political correctness is apparently not
welcome by some on this list. I guess the usual religious debates about
which mail reader is better are what we're supposed to talk about. Well,
I'm a member of this list, too, and issues of censorship and free speech
are more interesting to me--and to some others, I suspect--than the
intricacies of "MH."
To each their own. Learn to use your "delete" key.
(I agree that discussions of libertarianism vs. liberalism, etc., are the
bane of the Net, and that we have been fortunate in avoiding the usual
pitched battles between these camps on this List. My comments about
censorship of speech, photos, etc., were not intended to provoke such a
political battle.)
Ironically, even as I type this, I am watching CNN and a special report on
a "trial balloon" to ban anti-lawyer remarks! Seriously! Harvey Saferstein,
President of the California State Bar, is explaining how "hate speech" laws
can and should be used to limit the bashing of lawyers, the portrayal of
them as good targets (he cited the lawyer being the first to be eaten in
"Jurassic Park" as an example of the "atmosphere of hate" surrounding
lawyers), and "inciting to violence." He specifically cited the killings in
San Francisco last week as a reason to classify such speech as a "hate
No word on whether Shakespeare's "First, let's kill all the lawyers"
would've gotten him 10-20 in the Tower of London.
What is happening to free speech? What has happened to "Sir, I disagree
with what you say, but I defend to the death your right to say it."?
Now of course such a law is not likely to pass, or be upheld. (Saferstein
is actually not lobbying for a _new_ law, but for extension through the
judicial system of existing "hate crime" laws to included any
"class-related" jokes and insults. A move other groups are already trying.)
In a way, I am cheering this, as it can only end up trivializing and
undermining the whole concept of "hate crimes" and "hate speech." Real
crimes, including trespass to burn crosses on people's lawns, and the like,
can and _should_ be prosecuted, but not "hate" crimes. (If such laws were
applied uniformly, instead of just against so-called "white rights" groups,
then most "minority" organizations, which preach hatred of "honkeys" and
"hets," would be shut down.)
As John Gilmore pointed out a few years back, most of us are breaking laws
every day. If the government can attach penalties based on our political
views, then dissidents can be targeted selectively and given sentences
based on their alleged "hate crimes." (Imagine how the Black Panthers or
Malcolm X could have been harassed even more aggressively if their "hate"
could have been used to increase punishments for otherwise minor crimes?
That they were harassed, 20 and 30 years ago, is beside the point. Folks
who advocate "hate crime" laws should reflect carefully on how such laws
may someday be used against them.)
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-07-06 18:55:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Let's kill all the lawyers..." 
Fred Heutte comments:
I don't really think of lawyers as the problem, per se, nor do I think
there are too many GIVEN WHAT THE LAW HAS BECOME.
Seems to me folks have gotten what they asked for. The asked for more
regulation, they got it. The asked to be protected from the contracts
they signed (that is, to find ways to get out of contracts they no
longer liked), they got it. They asked for easier divorce, they got
it. They asked to be able to sue for nearly anything bad that happens
to them, they got it.
All of these things increase the business of lawyers, as business is
no longer done on a handshake, property has to be divided up with the
easier divorces, and so on. If you think about it, the reason for the
surge in lawyers is clear.
What, if anything, can be done? Here are several suggestions:
1. Return the sanctity of the contract. If parties sign a contract,
then unless there is provable fraud, the contract is valid. No
wiggling out claiming "diminished capacity" (if you're diminished,
hire someone to handle your affairs), claims of "not understanding,"
or claims that the contract itself was coercion, racist, unfair,
2. Eliminate public funding of court proceedings. Eliminate things
like the "Legal Aid Society" that subsidize court proceeding against
landlords and property owners (as but one example).
3. Loser pays all court costs, and perhaps damages for bringing the
suit, if the suit was clearly unfounded. (A murky area, I'll grant
you, but other countries have tried it and it cuts down on frivolous
"I'll sue!" types of suits.)
4. In divorce cases, adopt a system in advance of the wedding clearly
stating the terms and conditions under which property, kids, etc., are
to be doled out. Oh, and by Point  the sanctity of Pre-Nuptial
Agreements is ironclad...no wiggling out by hiring lawyers.
5. Ultimately, privatize the court system. Bruce Benson, in "The
Enterprise of Law," describes how this might work. (I won't debate it
here in this group.)
Obligatory Link to Cypherpunk Ideas: Many of these reforms are likely
in cyberspace, where contracts will be contracts....with money placed
in escrow with anonymous escrow services and only fairly simple
adjudication and arbitration of the "facts," not the "intents."
(Read Vinge's "True Names" for one vision of crypto anarchy and then
try to imagine how the lawyers will ply their trade in such an
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-07-06 21:25:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We are becoming politically correct sheep 
Steve Neal makes some very good points:
I agree, which is why I ended the charade. (And I would've ended it
sooner had I gotten any strange phone calls, suggesting a reporter
sniffing around, or threats to report the posting to the cops. I did
get a few strange messages suggesting Netcom should yank my account.)
But the interesting thing is how paranoid people are about free speech
being exercised (the free speech being posting of non-provably illegal
material, not the posting of provably illegal material). I won't
repeat my point about a nation of politically correct sheep.
Yes, perhaps thinking about some issues in advance is a good "drill."
(For some reason, I seem to gravitate toward these "early warning"
situations...it was me who posted the first message about Dorothy
Denning's key escrow system, last October ("A Trial Balloon to Ban
Encryption?"), and I also posted the fake "Stealth Secrets" article in
cypherpunks, anonymously. The intent was to test the commitment of the
list to the much-talked about "whistleblowers" group and to the likey
implications. (Sure enough, several people freaked out and called for
censorship--as if anonymous whistleblowing can be censored! I
'fessed-up after several days, pointing out the material came from a
published book and some Aviation Leak material.)
Steve then makes some really excellent points:
Yes, exactly! This is a profound shift from the principles on which
this country (apologies to Brits, etc.) was founded. And France and Germany have both used "hate crimes" as "hate groups"
as justification to ban certain groups from existing.
Good points, but the so-called "Holocaust" never actually happened,
hence there cannot be any such thing as "Holocaust revisionism," just
the telling of the truth. While the Nazis were not perfect, this
nonsense about extermination camps was just Allied propaganda
(confirmed by documents declassified in 1967) designed to embarass the
Nazi "Huns" and to hide the mass exodus of Jews, who stole the wealth
of Germany and took it to New York to set up brokerage and banking
firms like S.G.  Warburg and the Rothschild Bank. Every true
researcher knows this.
(This little joke could be enough in Canada, as Steve points out, to
at least threaten me, and perhaps the machine this message originates
to the List from. Most likely not (the Canadians concentrated on
long-time activists), but the _threat_ is there. And this
threat is coming down to the U.S.)
Understand that the real threat to the Jews in Germany was not so much
hatred of the Jews (of which there was probably less in Germany than
in France and other European countried until Hitler began stirring up
hatred and staging events to trigger mass hatred) as it was the
unbridled power of the Nazi state. Civil rights were suspended, the
courts fell under the control of Hitler's people, and "law" became
whatever the government wanted. Ironically, with "hate crimes" as a
prosecutorial tool in the 1930s, Hitler could have used the laws to
prosecute Jews (especially Orthodox Jews, with different fashion
styles and a dislike ("hate"?) for many Gentiles. The real threat is the government, whatever its initial intent. They
have the guns, they have the courts, they have the power. We've sunk into a strange situation in which various special interest
groups jockey for special privilege, special powers granted to them
by the State.
"Live and let live" doesn't mean one has to _like_ all the various
individuals or groups that are out there, it just means you let them
do their thing as long as they don't interfere with your own life.
You can't pass laws to force others to like you, or your group, or to
make their thougths conform to yours. About all you can really do is make
sure they can't rob and kill, and even that's iffy.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-07-06 21:40:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Live for today 
By all means! Just be sure to provide enough context and to included
the "explanation." Also, several other people made some excellent
comments, and you might want to somehow include their points.
Yeah, I think a lot of us got involved in this whole thing (now called
Cypherpunks, but it started percolating years ago) precisely to stir
things up. And to the credit of you folks, I think some progress has
been made. The remailers, the awareness of Cypherpunks-type issues in
the media ("Wired," "Whole Earth Review," "New York Times,"
"Newsweek"), and our role in the Clipper/Capstone/Skipjack/whatever
matter, are all positive steps.
It is true we haven't deployed digital cash, nor have we set up data
havens in cyberspace, nor a bunch of other things, but these things
are instrinsically hard to pull off. Someday they'll come.
(I've been tempted recently to come up with a "crypto" version of
this famous "And who shall guard the guardians?" line. Something, in
Latin of course (for effect), about "And who shall eavesdrop on the
eavesdroppers?" or somesuch. Perhaps the original is best as it is.)
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-07-15 19:26:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Credentials 
Well, Perry didn't give the same response *I* would have given, but
then I didn't give a response at all, so I can hardly complain.
(Reading lists have been sent out before, and some basic materials are
contained in the pub/cypherpunks archives at soda.berkeley.edu,
including a glossary of terms, the various PGP files (including the
nice docs that Perry mentioned), and various "rants" by several of us.
This is a good place for newcomers to browse to get a feel for what
Cypherpunks is all about.)
It turns out that I was smack in the middle of both events Andrew just
referred to, and I can tell you first-hand that folks on the Net are
getting too freaked out over the views of others.
I posted the fake PGP-GIF in a.b.p.e.c., which provoked huge outcries
of "Thoughtcrime!!" And on the "Extropians" mailing list I was
challenged by Eric Raymond, the fellow who volunteered to write the
Cypherpunks FAQ on his first day on this list, to study various
writings on Paganism, Druidism, Shamanism, and Witchcraft and then
judge it "rational" or not (I won't bore you with the details).  When
I judged it "not rational" and "inconsistent" with the technophilic
emphasis of the Extropians list, all hell broke loose (figuratively,
and perhaps literally if Eric's witchly connections are as he
In fact, that List (Extropians) is so contentious and polarized that I
have temporarily unsubscribed for the rest of the summer (and perhaps
longer, depending on how I feel in the fall). The advantage of smaller
groups like Cypherpunks and Extropians, as mailing lists, is that
people can come to know each other and thus better avoid flaming.
Even better are in-person meetings, even if this contradicts the
"jacked-in," "wired" image of cyberpunks and console cowboys! The
Cypherpunks physical meetings in Mountain View are friendly, helpful,
and not at all rancorous. Likewise, the Extropians events I've
attended in the Bay Area (Thursday lunches, a couple of lectures, and
some parties) have been friendly and free of divisiveness and flaming.
This aspect of the in-person contacts has not been adequately
duplicated on the Net. But small groups like ours, where reputations
matter and where flamers can and should be simply expelled, are one
major hope. I, for one, don't want David Sternlight on our List.
(However, this could happen, as we have no membership screening
process. Still, we can hope that the flame wars that rage unchecked on
the Net as a whole can be limited to just small brush fires on our List.)
I'd hate to see our List degenerate into the kind of flaming so common
throughout the Net world. We've had a few minor flame wars, but have
pulled back from the abyss each time.
We ought to try to keep it that way.

@_date: 1993-07-18 15:03:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: It could happen to anyone (fwd Washington Post commentary) 
Many thanks to Paul Ferguson for posting that article from today's
Washington Post about the Randy Weaver trial.
The killing of that Fed in Idaho was fully justified, as the jury just
confirmed. I am hopeful the "defendants" in whatver Waco Shootout
trial occurs will likewise receive justice and be found innocent.
The BATF, DEA, Marshal's Service, and their kind have essentially
become a Gestapo-like band of secret police. They raid homes without
proper warrants (Phil Karn has told us of the San Diego case), they
entrap innocents, they use high tech satellite imagery to locate plots
of land they want for various purposes and then trump up charges (the
Oxnard-Santa Monica case where the County wanted a guy's land and then
drew up drug charges, raided him, and killed him...no drugs were
found), and they seize computers and modems of folks like Steve
Jackson without bothering to do their homework.
And perhaps their next target will be "crypto-terrorists" like us.
After all, many of us advocate overthrowing the fascist/socialist
government (I know I do, and many of you do, too), and many of us
believe strong crypto is the key ingredient for bypassing tax systems,
for trading weapons technology details with others (how long before
some of us are charged with aiding and abetting the enemy?), and for
creating a transnational cyberspace.
The Feds must surely come to see us as the enemy.
We need to be as prepared as Randy Weaver was!

@_date: 1993-07-19 02:08:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: recomendations for intro books 
Nate Sammons asks:
I like Gilles Brassard's "Modern Cryptology: A Tutorial," 1988,
Springer-Verlag, a small tutorial on _modern_ crypto, with discussions
of such applications as digital money, secret sharing, and the like.
The IEEE Press book, "Contemporary Cryptology," edited by Gus Simmons,
is also nice, with a lot of recent stuff. Good preparation for reading
the proceedings of the annual "Crypto" conferences.
(These proceedings are available in many technical bookstores--like
Computer Literacy, Staceys, and Stanford in the Bay Area--and in
well-equipped university libraries. The papers report on modern crypto
results and should be looked at by nearly all Cypherpunks.)
And then there are the standard textbooks: Denning, Meyer and Matyas,
Salomaa, Patterson, etc. These are all cited in nearly any one of the
books, are readily findable with a library card catalog, and are
frequently mentioned in sci.crypt.
My advice: spend a few hours at a good university library. The crypto
books (and journals--"Journal of Cryptology" and "Cryptologia") are in
the math section, usually with the call numbers around "QA76.9.A25."
Some crypto books, especially historical cryptography (like Kahn's
"The Codebreakers"), are found in Z103.
Spend time perusing these books and journals to get a feel for what's
happening. Crypto is a lot more than just PGP!
I hope this helps.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-07-21 00:14:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: subliminal messages 
Here's my minor correction of Perry Metzger's minor correction:
Yvo Desmedt gave a very nice paper at the Crypto '88 conference, which I
attented, entitled "Abuses in Cryptography and How to Fight Them."
He begins:
"[Sim83b] introduced the notion of subliminal channel. His example is
related to two prisoners who are communicating authenticated messages in
full view of a warden who is able to read the messages. The subliminal
consists in hiding a message _through_ the authentication scheme such that
the warden _cannot detect its use nor read the hidden part_."
"Abuses (in particular subliminal channels) are not covert channels in the
strict way, as will briefly be discussed in Section 2.2."
Covert channels usually refer to using "out of band" techniques, such as
signal crosstalk, time-jitter, amplitude modulation, etc., to pass
information (e.g., to leak bits out of a classified computer facility),
whereas subliminal channels rely on the crypto protocols. (I suppose the
Clipper could use either or both, or could be rigged that way.)
I've heard people use the term "covert channel" in a broader sense,
encompasssing the subliminal channel term coined by Simmons as well as the
tradional covert channel, but certainly the term "subliminal channel" is
not incorrect as used by Karl. ("Covert" may be more descriptive than
"subliminal," though such is life.)
I'll leave the rest of the discussion for interested readers. "Advances in
Cryptology--CRYPTO '88," ed. S. Goldwasser, Springer-Verlag, 1990.
By the way, Desmedt's paper argues persuasively that "abuse-free
cryptography" overcomes the objections to public key crypto that terrorists
and others bad folks will be able to pass subliminal messages. If the
weaknesses mentioned by Eric Hughes and Karl Barrus are confirmed, this
could be another point of attack against Clipper.
Like Perry, I enjoyed Karl's summary.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-07-21 11:34:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Subliminal Channels in the Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) 
The recent discussion of possible subliminal channels (which some call
covert channels) in the DSA reminds me of a preprint of a paper I received
several months back with a rather mysterious note attached to it. There was
no return address on the envelope. Apparently a number of Cypherpunks and
folks active in the sci.crypt community also received it, as it came up on
sci.crypt and we talked about it at a physical Cypherpunks meeting.
The note read:
"This needs to be made very public. Simmons resigned from Sandia over
writing it."
Some caveats:
* this allegation that Gus Simmons left Sandia was denied by several folks
on sci.crypt who actually _know_ Simmons. I don't know him, so I haven't
checked directly.
* some say this paper is hardly earth-shaking, though the possibility of
subliminal channels should be taken seriously, especially in light of the
cross-licensing of DSA/DSS with Public Key Partners (RSA Data, etc.).
* I don't even know where this paper is being published--the preprint gave
no clues. The timing of my getting it, several months back, suggests this
year's Crypto Conference. The advance program ought to have it (I can't
find my copy).
I've OCRed the first page or so, including the Abstract. Too many OCR
errors and too many equations with Greek symbols for me to scan-in the
entire 20-page paper.
The implications for Clipper, Capstone, Skipjack, etc. I'll leave for now.
Here it is:
The Subliminal Channels in the U.S. Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA)
    Gustavus J. Simmons
Sandia Park. NM 87047. USA
    Since the DSA is derivative from El Gamal's digital signature
scheme--which Simmons showed in 1985 permitted a subliminal channel--it
should come as no surprise that the DSA also permits a similar channel. The
subliminal channel in the El Gamal scheme, however, had several
shortcomings. In order for the subliminal receiver to be able to recover
the subliminal message, it was necessary for him to know the transmitter's
secret key.  This meant that the subliminal receiver had the capability to
utter undetectable forgeries of the transmitter's signature.  Also, only a
subset of the desired message set could be communicated subliminally (phi
(p-l) messages instead of p-1) and some of those that could be transmitted
were computationally infeasible for the subliminal receiver to recover.
    The subliminal channels in the DSA avoid all of these difficulties! In
fairness, it should be mentioned that not all are avoided at the same time.
The channel in the DSA analogous to the one Simmons demonstrated in the El
Gamal scheme can communicate messages conveying the full log-base-2  |X|
bits, where  X is the set of session keys; all of which are easily
recovered by the subliminal receiver.  However, this broadband channel
still requires the subliminal receiver to know the transmitter's secret
key. There are two other narrowband (<< 1og-base-2  |X|) subliminal
channels in the DSA that do not give the subliminal receiver any better
chance of forging the transmitter's signature than an outsider has. The
price one pays for this integrity for the transmitter's signature is a
reduced bandwidth for the subliminal channel and a difficult but feasible
(dependent on the bandwidth actually used) amount of computation needed to
use the channel. Two quite different such channels have been devised:  one
places the computational load almost entirely on the transmitter, the other
almost entirely on the subliminal receiver.  Since the total computation is
essentially the same in either case, the choice of a particular channel
would be based on which end is best equipped to do the necessary
    To make clear what a remarkable coincidence it is that the apparently
inherent shortcomings of subliminal channels using the El Gamal scheme can
all be overcome in the DSA, we will analyze each of the channels
implemented in both schemes. The inescapable conclusion, though, is that
the DSA provides-the most hospitable setting for subliminal communications
discovered to date.
    In  1983  Simmons  introduced   the  notion  of  a  subliminal  channel
 existing  in an  encrypted  communication  channel  by  pointing  out  that  if  for  each  plaintext there  existed  two  or  more  corresponding
 cipher  texts,  the  identity  of  the  cipher used   to  communicate  a plaintext  could  convey  information  additional  to   that revealed  by the  decryptlon  of   the  cipher  [5].   In  particular,  in  a public-key based  authentication  scheme  in  which  the  decryption  key  must  be  public  information  in  order  for  public  receivers  to  be able  to  decrypt  cipher  texts  and  verify the   authenticity   of   the
  encrypted  plaintext,   this   raised   the   possibility   of there also  being  subliminal  receivers  who  could  recover  information hidden  from the public receivers: hence the name of a subliminal channel.
Clearly subliminal channel receivers must have private information not
known to public receivers--and as we will see, the nature of this private
information provides a natural classification for subliminal channels.
(rest of paper not OCRed...too many errors (blurred fonts), too many equations)

@_date: 1993-07-22 22:31:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Macpgp 2.3 
"gunzip" does the job. Fortunately for me, Netcom had it installed.
Gunzip the file, send it to your home machine (I use "sz"), unstuff it
and double-click the .sea file.
This compression stuff--pun intended--is getting out of hand. Files
are zipped, gzipped, binhexed, stuffed, and made into self-extracting
archives! Seriously, I've had several of these associated with just
one file. Mostly the compression is a waste, as the Internet already
compresses (so I have been told), and for sure when I "sz" the
gunzipped file to my home Mac for debinhexing, unstuffing, and
self-extracting, my Supra modem has already tried in vain to compress
the files for transmission! (I know, by the way, that binhexing is not
compression, and that the .sea archives are a way to ship multiple
files and folders, but, still....)
MacPGP 2.3 is very nice, by the way! A wonderfuly "help" facility, and
an even cleaner interface.

@_date: 1993-07-25 19:23:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HUMOR: Drug joke 
(Not much Cypherpunks content, but I'll make it brief)
...much stuff elided...
Here in Oceania (Orwell's name), the War on (Some) Drugs has caused
kids to be sent through a mandatory 12-week anti-drug brainwashing program
called "D.A.R.E.," for "Drug Abuse Resistance Education." The schools
administer this (my sister's stepson went through it in Kalifornia and
spouted anti-drug slogans for a few weeks....then he realized the
stupidity of it and is probably now more inclinded to try drugs just
as a counterreaction to the dweebs who gave the class).
In theory, the little junior Pavel Morozovs learn how to spot signs of
drug use in their parents, how to "Just Say No" to such dangerous
drugs as aspirin (illegal to have aspirin or Tylenol in most public
schools, even with note from parent), and how to dial a toll-free
number to call in the narcs and drug warriors.
Anyway, I have long wanted to get a t-shirt or sweatshirt
silk-screened with "D.A.R.E." on it, as so many phony parents are now
parent (I think the kiddies get gold stars if they sell one of these
shirts to their parents). But *my* shirt would go something like this:
"D. rugs
   A. re
     R. eality        E. nhancers"
I figure this'd shake a few folks up! (I wonder which states such a
shirt is now illegal in?)
I'm not really into drugs, but I hate this kind of sanctimonious
preaching (the DARE propaganda), and I'd love to see the reaction of
these phonies at the gym I go to.
The War on (Some) Drugs is clearly being used for no-knock searches,
deadly raids, seizure of property grossly out of proportion to the
alleged crimes (and sometime the property is simply forfeited and a
trial is never held--I can't understand how this is done, or upheld by
courts), and other such travesties.
As Phil Karn put it, "national security" is the root password of the
Constitution--invoke it and the Constitution is bypassed. To this we
can add "drug war," "money laundering," and "banned weapons." Maybe
even "unauthorized crypto."
P.S. Speaking of t-shirts...maybe we ought to think about some
Cypherpunks shirts?

@_date: 1993-07-26 01:50:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: There's an echo here! There's an echo, hear? 
I know the site "cypherpunks at indigo.mese.com" was supposedly removed
from the Cypherpunks list, as per a message from Eric Hughes, but I am
getting several bounces per day. I assume you folks are, too.
What's apparent is that each of these long bounces (400-500 lines) is
*getting longer* each cycle through the process. I noticed this when I
was deleting them. I suppose the extra lines--roughly 20 extra lines
each cycle--are more error messages being added by
cypherpunks at indigo.mese.com and then sent back to the List.
This is *not* a complaint, though I hope it stops soon. Instead, it's
a comment that e-mail systems and lists may need (soon!) more
sophisticated positive reputation filters, to screen out such
pathological behaviors, mail bombs, and the like. I feel sorry for the List members who are on more restrictive mail
systems, including those who may have to (gulp!) pay for incoming mail
by the byte.

@_date: 1993-07-27 12:41:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Nose against the grindstone 
Paul Robichaux believes we are being "dissolute" in discussing t-shirts and
such when our noses should instead be against the grindstone (talking to
journalists? huh?):
Not to sound snippy or flamish, but such calls for us to "get back to work"
smack of the argument that goes like this: "How can people be doing X when
there's still Y in the world?" - "How can people watch television when some people don't even have radios?"
- "How can people own pets when people in Bangladesh are starving?"
- "How can anyone own a computer workstation when some people lack even a PC?"
- "How can Cypherpunks discuss t-shirts be discussed when journalists want
And so on.
Mostly these points boil down to the plaintive cry of "How can you have fun
when others aren't?" That is, how can Cypherpunks pursue frivolous issues,
at times, when we should be in our sled dog harnesses, pulling a heavy
Well, man does not live by bread alone! All work and no play make
Cypherpunks have a dull day.
Ironically, many of us have already talked _a lot_ to journalists. For
example, I spent about 5 hours each, on average, with Kevin Kelly ("Wired"
editor, which helped with his "Crypto Rebels" cover story by Steven Levy,
and his outstanding article on the "Technologies of Disconnection" in
"Whole Earth Review"), with Steven Levy (for the aforementioned "Wired"
article), and with Julian Dibbell of the "Village Voice" (for a forthcoming
article--on the cover, I hear). Plus, phone conversations (a radio
interview with Dave Mandl) and chats with some of them at "Cypherpunks"
The same is true of Eric Hughes ("Newsweek" coverage, Richard Hart's t.v.
program, the same articles as above, etc.), John Gilmore (contacts too
numerous to mention!!!), John Draper, and others. Further, we have several
journalists/article writers *here on this list*! Sandy Sandfort, Peter
Wayner, Jude Milhon, Dave Mandl, are just some of them. (And Kevin Kelly,
Julian Dibbell, Steven Levy, have been List subscribers at times in the
past, and maybe still are.)
Other List members are also making contacts (Paul Ferguson?), and Lance
Dettweiler has posted the call for discussion with journalist Philip
Mulivor on the alt.whistleblower list. (Lance speculates, correctly I
think, that Mulivor has no Net access. If true, I question that Mulivor is
such a high-priority journalistic target anyway. Maybe he is. But I'm sure
enough folks will talk to him. The talk of mail programs and t-shirts is
not likely to affect this.)
Anyway, the danger is perhaps of journalistic _overexposure_, not
underexposure. Perhaps people should blast me for wasting precious hours
talking to Kelly, Levy, Dibbell, and others, when I could've *more*
profitably spent the time studying "perl" and hence pulled the Cypherpunks
sled a few more miles toward our distant goals. (I'm being facetious, of
course, as I don't particularly _want_ to learn perl and become another
Unix jock.)
As the one who brought up the "Cypherpunks t-shirt" issue, I see nothing
wrong with spending some time tossing ideas around on this. Most
conferences (like "Hackers," "Crypto," etc.) produce some sort of t-shirt
or hat or whatnot, and nobody seems all that perturbed that they are
becoming "dissolute." (And some of these t-shirts were on display on the
"Wired" cover, ironically.)
Such things can produce an enthusiasm, an esprit d'corps, which keeps folks
active and keeps them feeling part of something. I'm not saying I'll learn
perl just because I have a Cypherpunks t-shirt, but I don't see the harm in
spending some time thinking about it and perhaps even getting them made.
Same with bumper stickers, fliers, and the like.
The wonderful thing about distributed, decentralized systems like ours is
that folks can work on what interests them. For some, it'll be
whistleblowing. For others, new mail programs. And some will learn perl,
some will try to crack PGP, and some will design logos for t-shirts. Some
will even talk to journalists. In fact, some of us already _have_.
I appreciated Paul's comments, even though I disagreed with them.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-07-27 13:21:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: T-Shirts, Grindstones, and our "Mission Objective" 
Learn to either ignore posts you aren't interested in, or rig up a
kill file for any thread that contains things like "t-shirt" or
I posted a long response to Paul R.'s call for us to put our noses
back to the grindstone (by talking to journalists, in _his_ opinion),
but it may not appear for a while.
Folks, there just isn't any agreed-upon set of priorities. For some,
it's PGP. For others, digital money. And talking to journalists,
writing rants, investigating offshore banking, for others.
Let a thousand flowers bloom.

@_date: 1993-07-27 16:52:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Big Brother Inside" 
Yep, that was me. My idea was to use the "Intel Inside" logo, modified
appropriately and printed as "professionally" as possible. With a good
design, these might be seen as "official" stickers and might last for
months on the things we stick them on.
My model for these are some stickers Fen LaBalme and others pass out
at the Hackers Conference every year: "We are everywhere." Here's a very crude, ASCII-limited, diagram:
            ***
               ***
       ****       *
     **            *
    *   Big         *
   *     Brother     *
   *       Inside!   *     *               *
      **        **
         *****
(Well, I hope you get the idea!)
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-07-27 21:01:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Talking to Reporters, and Which Ones? 
I respect Paul's wishes. No one will force him to wear the Cypherpunks
t-shirt, nor to wear the official Cypherpunks sidearm, nor to use the
secret Cypherpunks handshake. (In fact, I doubt anyone will actually
get around to making the t-shirts. If it happens, it'll probably just
be some entrepreneur on the List, and will not come from a collective
decision--which is impossible, anyway.)
But I still maintain that the reason only one person has talked to the
journalist mentioned has *nothing* to do with the List working on
t-shirts....I mean, come on! If we drop all speculations about
t-shirts--which a lot of folks seem to be having some fun at, and some
stimulating ideas for publicity (which, ironically, may be *very*
valuable in communicating our message to journalists and others--will
we all suddenly start working on the "real" Cypherpunks projects?
(What are they, by the way? No one seems to know. Probably just as well.)
Sounds fine to me. Those who want to talk to him, should. Most serious
journalists, though (and here I admit to running a risk of sounding
judgmental or snotty...not my intent), do enough groundwork to _seek
out_ the opinions of those they have gotten interested in. The "cattle
call" approach has been seen increasingly, as with the woman
journalist who announced she was researching an article on "Pedophiles
on the Net" and she wanted comments sent to her! Contrast this with
Kelly, Levy, Markoff, Dibbell, etc., all of whom have familiarized
themselves with the communities they intended to cover and then have
contacted specific folks. I'm not knocking either Mr. Mulivor or Mr.
Hum (if I remember his name correctly), and they may indeed be fine
reporters. Certainly they should be treated politely and helped by
whomever wishes to.
[To pick a nit: asking readers to call long-distance to give their
tips is unusual, at least from my experience. Reporters typically take
great efforts to call their sources, not the other way around. But
I'll concede that perhaps the three journalists mentioned so
far--Mulivor, Hum, and the woman writing on pedophiles--are using the
"call me" approach to generate initial contacts. They should be aware
of course of possible skewing effects (not that the rest of us are not
also skewed, of course :-} ).]
Well here I just have to disagree completely. It's just a plain and
simple fact that these sorts of magazines--"Wired" and its
cousins--are having an enormous impact on folks. This is how many of our
List members first learned of this List, this is how much of the
crypto debate is being framed, and this is where interested readers
will turn for information. (To the list I would add "Mondo 2000,"
"Boing Boing," "Communications of the ACM," and a few other mags and
Also, the articles in "Wired" and "WER" were exceptionally long and
well-written, quite likely beyond what could be conveyed in a
small-town newspaper. A small-time paper could just not justify such
in-depth coverage. Sound bites would be more likely. Ironically, as I
said earlier, the planning for a t-shirt may actually generated some
really memorable sound bites! And the wearing of such t-shirts, should
anyone actually just go ahead and make them (hint! hint!) could
actually be the catalyst for a local paper doing a story on these
"Cypherpunks" and their provocative comments about privacy, Big
Brother, and the NSA. But I digress.
Reporters from Huntsville and Peoria are not to be disdained, but the
List cannot be expected to educate and spoon-feed them. (Anyone who
wants to, can, obviously. I've not heard of anyone refusing to talk to
them, if they have contacted members of this List.)
The journal Mulivor writes for is familiar to me through interviews on
the C-SPAN cable t.v. show with Brian Lamb, but I haven't seen it
myself. Those who want to talk to him should, by all means.
By "Net access" I meant Usenet, as in the "alt.whistleblowers" and
"sci.crypt" newsgroups. My comment derived from this remark by Lance Dettweiler when he posted
Mr. Mulivor's call:
"This posting went through a gateway so the author is probably not able
to read news; reply via email."
I certainly hope Mr. Mulivor is able to get Net access--not just
e-mail--so he can get a better picture of what's going on before his
article appears.      If Mr. Mulivor lives in the D.C. area, perhaps the D.C. Cypherpunks in
Northern Virginia (mostly) can meet with him, perhaps they can even
invite him to attend their next meeting (I hear Boston/Cambridge is
planning their meeting to coincided with the California meeting,
Saturday, August 14th, so perhaps the D.C. folks will also be doing
Finally, I think this little debate has been useful and enjoyable (to
me, at least). It helps us to focus on the issues of what we are,
what's important, how to talk to journalists, and so on. Kind of like what planning to put on a t-shirt does.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-07-27 22:16:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: t-shirts, imagery, and Cypherpunks PR 
Scott Northrup writes a wonderful crypto rant:
...part of this elided to save space....
A puzzlement! Two questions:
1. You mean you weren't serious, that this was meant to be a parody?
2. You mean you think my posts (and my rants) are meant as parodies?
I don't know which is more disturbing. In any case, I completely agree
with what you wrote. (I'll plead guilty to occasionally writing satires and parodies, but
most of my posts are meant seriously, even the occasional "rants,"
like where I get angry at gun control and midnight raids and suggest
we need to prepare ourselves for a "Branch Cryptidians" type of
situation. Perhaps I get too worked-up in these posts, but they're
certainly not meant as parodies.)
By the way, the mention of "The Anarchist's Cookbook" is quite
apropos: sitting on my bookshelf near me is a loose-leaf binder
labelled "The Crypto Anarchist's Cookbook," a collection of ideas and
plans I began in 1988, when I coined the term and distributed my
"Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" (available in the soda.berkeley.edu
(What's in the "Crypto Anarchist's Cookbook": Stuff on digital money,
information markets, data havens, bootleg medical research networks,
whistle blowing, using religions and games as legal cover for
encryption, schemes for an "electronic Democracy Wall," and the
"Labyrinth," a network of remailers I devised before learning of
Chaum's 1981 work and his "DC-Net" of 1988...I eagerly told Chaum
about my ideas for untraceable mail when I met him at the 1988 Crypto
Conference and he looked at me in a funny way and then told me he'd
invented these in 1981 and called them "mixes"! I was both crestfallen
and pleased, for the obvious reasons. Eric Hughes has suggested I
contact Loompanics Press--publisher and mail-order source of various
weird books, and a source you should all know about--about publishing
something like this. Some of the crypto books they publish ("Beyond
Decoder Rings") are really lame...some crypto anarchy stuff could
really find a market, I think.)
Boy, the debate about our mission is really getting interesting! I
applaud this debate, even if I disagree with Scott on these points.
As with the debate several months back over the _name_ of our group
("Cypherpunks" is seen as too subversive, too outre, by some, who
would prefer some name that is less threatening, such as the "Crypto
Privacy Association"), there are positives and negatives to be found
for each side.
I've already written too much today, so I'll leave it for others to
-Tim May, CPA   ("Oh, an accountant?" "No, I'm a crypto privacy
advocate." "Oh.")

@_date: 1993-07-28 16:43:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) VINYL STICKERS: NEW PRICES, BETTER QUALITY 
Here's mention of getting vinyl stickers made. Even smaller stickers,
for a "Big Brother Inside" negative campaign, could be even cheaper.
Paper labels could be cheaper still.
-Tim May
Newsgroups: alt.cyberpunk.tech
I have new prices on my vinyl stickers. They are now SCREEN PRINTED
so that the vinyl will NOT scratch off. My prices are now lower and
the stickers are better.
Anyone interested in these VINYL WEATHERPROOF GLOSSY STICKERS should
email menchett at cs.unr.edu for details.
They are CHEAP. $15 buys 100 cassette sized 2-color vinyl stickers!
Pete Menchetti  ** Vinyl stickers for cheap, email me! **

@_date: 1993-07-29 01:57:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Paranoia and the Outlawing of Cash 
This scheme would require cooperation/collusion by the stores that
accept the money, require that they scan the money right there at the
counter or at least segregate the cash for later scanning. I haven't
seen either capability.
More to the point, cash transactions almost never involve producing
ID, so how will the store know who you are, even if it (somehow) could
track the bills?
(Ah, the *video surveillance cameras* in so many stores! It suddenly
becomes clear! The ATM machines take your picture automatically--you
knew this, didn't you?--and send the images to Fort Meade for
correlation with the 7-11 camera pictures. This way they see who's
buying Twinkies and copies of "Illuminatus!" and can fnord trace their
movements.  Fnord.)
By the way, I *do* suspect electronic transactions will become much
more common, perhaps even mandatory, over the next decade. Social
security and welfare payments may be deposited electronically (to
prevent theft and fraud) and even "poor people" will then have credit
or debit cards. This eliminates the last practical argument for
allowing cash. There will be the usual objections, but the "War on
Drugs" and the war on the underground economy, money laundering, etc.,
will be cited as a more pressing concern than the "freedom" to use
cash. An insistence on using cash, when electronic transactions are
*so much more convenient* will be see at best as an eccentricity and
at worst as grounds for further investigation.
(Practically, cash probably cannot be simply outlawed. But stores may
be required to fill out additional forms for cash, including the ID of
the cash-paying customer. Merchants may charge a fee for cash
(reversing the current economics), and may even refuse cash
transactions above a certain value. If you doubt this can happen, look
at the trend of laws regarding cash transactions at banks, jewelry
stores, and car lots. The effect may be a phase trasition away from
cash in amounts greater than pocket change. I've already noticed
confusion on the faces of store clerks when I've paid for moderatelly
expensive items with folding money.)
We Cypherpunks need to ensure our plans for digital money are not
closed off by these sorts of moves. (I'm not sure what we need to do,
or can do, but it's worth thinking about.)
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-07-31 20:30:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Village Voice" Article is Another Winner! 
Many thanks to Paul Ferguson for posting the "Village Voice" article...we
out here in the boonies of Silicon Valley (well, relative to the V.V....a
refreshing change, eh?) have to wait for the "clipper ships" (and clipper
chips?) to arrive with the latest copies. (I hope everyone will get the
issue as soon as possible.)
I am pleasantly surprised at just how good the three main articles on
Cypherpunks have been--Levy's "Wired" piece, Kelly's long article in "Whole
Earth Review," and now Julian Dibbell's nice report in "The Village Voice."
(Yes, maybe I have some bias, given that I was quoted in each of
them....that's another reason I'm urging _others_ to do more of the talking
with the latest batch of journalists, Mssrs. Mulivor and Hum, so as to
spread the load a bit. But, as fair warning, if journalists contact _me_,
I'll continue to spout off. Maybe they like our more "crypto anarchist"
slant on things over possibly more mainstream topics like "data privacy.")
Some have sent e-mail to me saying that Dibbell was perhaps a bit
"leftist-biased" in his comments about "hippie-hacker millionaires," or
somesuch. I actually thought his points were very solid, capturing the
"hippie-hacker" feel of Cypherpunks (recall that one of our proposed names
was "Cryppies," a play on the nickname crypto boffins are given and an
obvious parallel to "Yippies" and "Hippies," even though many of us are
economic libertarians). And pointing out that perhaps not everyone will
embrace this new technology without qualms, that perhaps there is some
natural elitism involved (in at least some of us). I couldn't agree more.I
detected in his words of caution some of my own (and perhaps others, though
Eric Hughes can comment for himself) concerns...I tend to think in terms of
historical and technological "inevitability," which Julian characterized as
a kind of smugness, and I think he was perceptive here.
The "Voice" is not a technophilic mag like "Wired," so the social
implications are handled differently. I think their readers will be
(Having not yet seen the published article, I don't know if there are
sidebars and pointers to other articles and sources. Are there?)
And his closing comment about strong crypto was powerful:
"Call strong cryptography a technical wager, then. It's a
smart bet that the state's long-running worst nightmare -- a
society whose entire informational texture is woven out of
unreadable secret codes -- turns out to be our own best dream of
the future."
An impressive article.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-06-01 18:18:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Newsweek" Article on Clipper and Encryption 
The following appeared in this week's "Newsweek," June 7, 1993, p. 70. Our
own Eric Hughes is briefly quoted.
Any mistakes are the fault of either me or my OCR program.
The Code of the Future
Uncle Sam wants you to use ciphers it can crack
Forget the castle. If only Queen Elizabeth had given Chuck and Di a
thumbnail-size computer chip for their wedding, she would have been spared
reading in the London tabs how her son" wanted to live in [his lover's]
trousers," among other excerpts from taped phone conversations. Instead,
the chip would have converted their words into "hsssssss." No signal
analyzer, no supercomputer, no wiretap could have decoded the white noise.
The device that works this reputation-saving magic is called a Data
Encryption Standard (DES) chip, and there's no practical way to crack it.
That's what America's supersecret spymasters, the National Security Agency,
intended when they designed the cryptographic system in the 1970s with IBM.
While that delights industry and privacy advocates, it's come back to haunt
the government: wiretaps are useless against any suspect using a
DES-encrypted phone. So in April the Clinton administration announced it
was backing the NSA in its push to impose a universal encryption standard
to which the Feds alone would hold the keys. The agency argues that's the
only way to ensure it will always be able to decode foreign communications.
Civil libertarians and corporations don't see it that way. Says
computer-security expert Eric Hughes of Berkeley," The government is
saying, 'If you want to lock something up, you have to [give us] the key'."
No one doubts that the nation's voice, data, electronic mail and other
communications need locks, and fast. Industrial spies grab fax, e-mail and
other computer and microwave transmissions out of the air. Hackers broke
into Internet, a world-wide computer network, 773 times last year, 90
percent more than in 1991. Hackers also peek into computers that hold
medical records, credit-card purchases, even video rentals. Cellular phones
offer as much privacy as going on "Oprah." The FBI can't keep up with all
the cybercrime. Secret codes can, and since World War, II codes have been
based on algorithms--formulas that transform one set of numbers into
another. NSA's new chip, to be used in a secure phone sold by AT&T,
encrypts computer transmissions and phone conversations with an algorithm
so complex "it would take a CRAY YMP [supercomputer] over a billion years
to solve," says Raymond Kammer of the National Institute of Standards and
Technology (NIST), which worked with NSA on the algorithm.
Yet the principle is simple. A sending phone and a receiving phone
electronically choose one algorithm, out of millions, for their
conversation (diagram). The only way to unscramble the resulting
10001100101s is to obtain the "keys," which will be held by two agencies
chosen by the attorney general. The agencies-this is the part NSA
likes-would give them to officials who have the requisite wiretap warrant.
But industry has a couple of problems with this. First, NSA has yet to
explain how the chip works, so outside verification that it's hackproof
will have to wait. Worse, with millions of NSA chips in use, the agencies
holding the keys would have to store them on computers, which are
vulnerable to recreational hackers, foreign spooks and industrial spies.
For now, no one is forced to use the NSA chip. But manufacturers who put a
rival chip into, say, their modems would likely be denied government
contracts, as well asexport licenses for the NSA-proof products. Even that
may not appease the spymasters. "No one rules out a mandatory encryption
standard," says NIST spokesman Mat Heyman. That's industry's greatest fear,
which NIST will attempt to allay in meetings this week. And next week Rep.
Edward Markey holds hearings on whether NSA can keep the keys to its codes
safe from hackers. Or even Fleet Street.
SHARON BEGLEY with MELINDA LIU in Washington and JOSHUA COOPER RAMO

@_date: 1993-06-04 01:39:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: snake oil (Posting ciphers to the list) 
Perry Metzger writes on the matter of posting newly-invented ciphers
to the Cypherpunks list:
Good advice! Some hubris might pique the interest of readers.
Yes, except that they for the most part hate it when folks post "I
dare you to break my new cipher" messages. Understandably so, for the
reasons Perry gave (smugness, etc.) and also because:
a. usually not enough ciphertext can be posted to allow a reasonable
b. the odds of a newbie inventing something really new are slim (yes,
it _may_ happen, but it's not likely)
c. people have better things to do that spend hours or days trying to
break a system which has these problems (and may just be deliberate
(Cryptanalysis is economics, as some folks like to say. If a message
is important, or a particular cryptosystem has passed some initial
tests--such as the algorithm being published, the basic mathematics
presented as plausible, etc.--then more effort can be justified. But
not on Joe Cipher's latest effort.)
(this quote is from Nicky M.)
Kahn's "The Codebreakers" for a historical perspective, the various
crypto books referred to here for mathematical background (Denning,
Brassard, Salomaa, Simmons, Patterson, etc.), and "Cryptologia" for
insights into amateur cryptanalysis and cipher-building.
Be aware that most amateurs--and I hardly speak from experience, just
reading of the literature--end up reinventing the old _types_ of
ciphers....the new ones, with s-boxes, or based on hard math problems
(like RSA), typically require a lot of background in math.
Hope this helps, and hope this eases any hard feelings folks may have
when their Super Duper Encrypter is not analyzed by a dozen
Cypherpunks. Or even one.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-06-04 10:56:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The "WARLOCK" Cipher 
Earlier today I commented on the advisability of posting new ciphers
to this group, or to sci.crypt. (I haven't gotten my message yet, so I
don't know if it went through.)
By coincidence, a very long posting on sci.crypt has appeared,
announcing a new matrix-based crypto system, called "WARLOCK" by its
They provide an extensive introduction to the mathematics used and
offer various analyses. This is a first step toward making their
system worth analyzing.
I suggest following the debate on this system will be educational. And
perhaps their system will even survive to become a reasonable
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-06-04 18:16:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) NIST CSSPAB Resolutions 6/4/93 
Here's something important from sci.crypt!
-Tim May
Xref: netcom.com alt.privacy:7178 alt.security:9808 comp.org.eff.talk:18101 sci.crypt:15143 alt.privacy.clipper:555
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!usc!math.ohio-state.edu!sol.ctr.columbia.edu!news.kei.com!eff!wilson.eff.org!Banisar
Newsgroups: alt.privacy,alt.security,comp.org.eff.talk,sci.crypt,alt.privacy.clipper
Organization: CPSR Washington Office
Lines: 101
Distribution: world
NNTP-Posting-Host: wilson.eff.org
X-UserAgent: Nuntius v1.1.1d17
X-XXMessage-ID: X-XXDate: Fri, 4 Jun 93 01:54:42 GMT
                 NIST Crypto Resolutions
  Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board
                       June 4, 1993
                      Resolution At Mr. Kammer's request we have conducted two days of hearings.  The clear message of the majority of input was that there are serious concerns regarding the Key Escrow Initiative and the Board concurs with these concerns.  Many of these issues are still to be fully understood and more time is needed to achieving that Accordingly, this Board resolves to have an additional meeting in July 1993 in order to more completely respond to Mr. Kammer's request and to fulfill its statutory obligations under P.L. 100-235.  The Board recommends that the inter-agency review take note of our input collected, our preliminary finding, and adjust the timetable to allow for resolution of the significant issues and problems raised.
Attached to this resolution is a preliminary distillation of the serious concerns and problems.
                     Resolution Key escrowing encryption technology represents a dramatic change in the nation's information infrastructure.  The full implications of this encryption technique are not fully understood at this time.  Therefore, the Board recommends that key escrowing encryption technology not be deployed beyond current implementations planned within the Executive Branch, until the significant public policy and technical issues inherent with this encryption technique are fully understood.
[Attachment to Resolution -  A convincing statement of the problem that Clipper attempts to solve has not been provided.
- Export and important controls over cryptographic products must be reviewed.  Based upon data compiled from U.S. and international vendors, current controls are negatively impacting U.S. competitiveness in the world market and are not inhibiting the foreign production and use of cryptography (DES and RSA)
- The Clipper/Capstone proposal does not address the needs of the software industry, which is a critical and significant component of the National Information Infrastructure and the U.S. economy.
- Additional DES encryption alternatives and key management alternatives should be considered since there is a significant installed base.
- The individuals reviewing the Skipjack algorithm and key management system must be given an appropriate time period and environment in which to perform a thorough review.  This review must address the escrow protocol and chip implementation as well as the algorithm itself.
- Sufficient information must be provided on the proposed key escrow scheme to allow it to be fully understood by the general public.  It does not appear to be clearly defined at this time and, since it is an integral part of the security of the system, it appears to require further development and consideration of alternatives to the key escrow scheme (e.g., three "escrow" entities, one of which is a non-government agency, and a software based solution).
- The economic implications for the Clipper/Capstone proposal have not been examined.  These costs go beyond the vendor cost of the chip and include such factors as customer installation, maintenance, administration, chip replacement, integration and interfacing, government escrow systems costs, etc.
- Legal issues raised by the proposal must be reviewed.
- Congress, as well as the Administration, should play a role in the conduct and approval of the results of the     NIST Resolutions on Key Escow Issues and Clipper
                       provided by
                 CPSR Washington office
           666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 303
                  Washington, DC 20003
               rotenberg at washofc.cpsr.org
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-06-07 18:51:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ALERT: PGP removed from soda archive site 
Computer Emergency Response Team, set up in the wake of the Morris
worm in 1988. They meet to discuss security threats.
BTW, I just downloaded MacPGP from soda and saw no problems. I didn't
try ordinary PGP, as I assumed the circumstance Eric mentioned had
changed and PGP was once again available.

@_date: 1993-06-08 03:34:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Getting on CERT's "Most Dangerous" List 
Clark Reynard writes about CERT:
My life wasn't affected in a serious way by CERT, so far as I know,
but I do have a funny story to tell.
At a Bay Area party for hacker types in December, 1988, I was talking
to a guy with longstanding computer security connections. He looked at
me strangely and said something like "Well, Tim, your name just came
up in Washington on a list of the most dangerous hackers in the
country." I laughed it off and asked him why--after all, I'm not
considered to much of a programmer by anyone _I_ know. He wouldn't
elaborate, just looked at me strangely.
(It was a funny story because I could other people at parties that I
was on a "Most Wanted" kind of list, and yet I knew they couldn't
actually pin anything on me as I literally hadn't done anything except
draw some obvious conclusions about the implications of modern crypto
techniques, such as Chaum's anonymous systems, and had written and
talked about it.)
This fellow had been in at the founding of CERT, and was at the first
D.C.  meeting in early December (shortly after the Morris worm). As
he'd also been at hackers gatherings where I had talked about digital
cash and "crypto anarchy" (my "Manifesto" was written earlier in 1988
and passed out to a few people), I had some suspicions that it was
*he* who had volunteered my name for this list they were compiling.
An obvious overstatement of my danger, and I never heard anything
more about it. But I've always thought about this, and the other lists
of subversives they must be generating. No, I won't give his name, as I can't prove anything and to speculate
would be "narcish" McCarthyism. Just keep in mind that even hackers
may have their own agendas and their own consulting arrangements with
crypto and security groups, both private and government-run.

@_date: 1993-06-08 18:21:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCarthy lives! 
I'll take John up on his kind offer! Though I expressed that to me this experience was kind of funny (in a
devil-may-care way, I hope you all understand), it *does* raise larger
issues of whether CERT is developing list of what might be called
"subversives" based on hearsay evidence and innuendo.
So, I'll try to pursue this and keep you folks posted.

@_date: 1993-06-11 23:09:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: PKP sellout? 
Yep, dark times indeed.
As Hal and Lance note, these decisions are all made in complete
Bidzos and RSA appear to have sold out.
If true, we'll have lots to talk about at Saturday's meeting.

@_date: 1993-06-14 10:03:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: request for patent info 
Sunnyvale, CA.
Near the public library off Mathilda Ave.

@_date: 1993-06-16 11:42:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: WORD... 
With the hypodermic syringes being found in Pepsi cans, the "crack files on
soda" phrase takes on new meaning. I wonder if the media knows?
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-06-17 12:00:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Weak stegosaurs 
No, the stegosaurs were not in the Jurassic Era...they were in the
*Cryptozoic* Era. At least according to my copy of PGP ("Pretty Good
(P.S. I wonder what kind of DNA they'll get from the "Nine Princes in

@_date: 1993-06-17 15:48:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Contempt of court 
Ah, but this happens all the time! For example, at a recent dinner for
Dave Nolan, founder of the Libertarian Party, a middle-aged Santa Cruz
couple told us the story of how police/DEA/SWAT/BATF/not sure which
"took over" all the houses on their block to wait for a suspected drug
dealer to come out of his house.
By "take over" I mean the middle-aged couple was awakened by knocks on
the door at dawn, told they had 5 minutes to pack a few things, and
then told to get out of the house, that the SWAT team was using their
house as one of their command posts. Several other houses were as
Around mid-afternoon, the blissfully-oblivious suspect wandered out
into into driveway and was immediately surrounded.
Now this may not be "quartering of troops," technically, in that they
didn't sleep over, eat the food (so far as I know), etc., but I sure
would call it something very similar.
And what do you think would happen to me if I answered the door with
my Heckler and Koch submachinegun, as I sometimes do (perfectly legal,
since it's on my property...so long as I don't "brandish" it)? My
guess is the pigs would shoot first.
With the Clinton Clipper rolling along, with the New World Order
looking like a liberal left police state, it's time more than ever for
the long-discussed "Cypherpunks Shooting Club."
Time for us to fight back.
"Kill the code grabbers."
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-06-18 09:53:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Blasting Bidzos Blather 
I'm a card-carrying Libertarian, and I respect certain types of
private property--but not others. When someone "claims" the Amazon
jungle, perhaps with the blessings of a corrupt Pope, I don't. (Just
and out-of-band example to quickly make the point the even
Libertarians can have doubts about some property claims and even have
sympathies with radical environmentalists.)
The whole cloud of issues surrounding intellectual property, patents
on algorithms and methods, the specifics of RSA, and so on, is a
complicated set. Discussions on this list and in newsgroups makes this
RSADSI has licensed some of their patents to the Clipper folks. What
this means is not clear to me. If Clipper (or related things) is ever
_mandated_, with alternatives outlawed, then the government would
effectively have granted an exclusive franchise to RSADSI, and others,
sort of like _mandating_ MacDonald's hamburgers as the national
standard and requiring license fees be paid to MacDonald's every time
a hamburger is made or bought.
So, in answer to George's question, this Libertarian is angry at the
growing police state (RICO, civil forfeiture, no knock searches, the
War on Drugs, national socialist health care, wars on several fronts,
etc.) and fears the imminent outlawing of unapproved encryption.

@_date: 1993-06-23 01:43:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Weak stenography. 
Some solutions:
1. Make programs like "readdat.exe" ubiquitous...distribute them on
shareware disks, CD-ROMs, etc. Thus, many households and offices will
have "readdat.exe"-like programs, whether they use them or not. Mere
possession of such a program will thus not be unusual or
suspicion-provoking. (This is of course one of the strategies in
making PGP and related programs ubiquitous.)
(Note that the storage of the _key_ is another matter, and is a
problem with most crypto schemes. For data stored in low-order bits on
a DAT, and retrievable with "readdat.exe," a pass-phrase of sufficient
length can be used.)
2. The bit-reading program "readdat.exe" can be stored remotely,
perhaps at an ftp site, so the user can retrieve it only when he needs
to use it, then flush it.
(I favor the "ubiquitous" route, as frequent retrievals make
themselves known in other ways....and may even draw attention to a
user in the first place.)
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-03-01 17:39:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Ted Ts'o comments ruefully:
There are certainly differing agendas and differing time horizons, as
others have also noted (especially Marc Ringuette's analysis of time
scales). Some are writing code to be put into their programs _tonight_,
while others take a longer view. Some on this list operate real remailers, even world-famous remailers. The
day to day discussion of mail protocols, PERL scripts, headers, REGEX
stuff, and actual code submitted to the list is certainly pretty strong
evidence that folks are deeply immersed in realism.
Your own concerns about anonmity have also been well-received, I think,
even if many of us disagree with you in some areas. Speaking for myself, I
agree that some limits on anonymous posting may develop--this doesn't mean
_we_ should put the limits in! (Granted, some of those operating remailers
need to think about these issues. Johan Helsingius, for example, has done a
very impressive job of balancing needs and threats and is considering how
to deal with various kinds of abuses. Many on this list are contributing
ideas. You can't get much more real than this.)
Bugs, flaws, problems, cruftiness, and other defects exist. So what? That's
the main point of trying to actually deploy these systems--to expose
weaknesses, to try new approaches, to come out with "Mark II" versions of
systems, and to have concrete examples to point to.
As far a realism goes, the folks in this group have built real anonymous
mailing systems, have been deeply involved in the PGP development (not me,
certainly, but look at the PGP docs and you'll see some names from this
list), and are working on many aspects of the evolution of digital privacy.
As one who has been interested in this area since 1987, I think the
progress in the last year or so has been nothing short of amazing.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-02 10:36:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi hacking 
In honor of Dorothy Denning's latest posting, how about:
The Feds will probably like this.
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-02 10:36:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Textual Analysis 
This reveals a minor and probably obvious weakness of pseudonyms--writing
As I was reading this post from apparent newcomer "Tiia Roth-Biester," and
wondering at how a woman (I think Tiia is a woman's name) got interested in
this list, I said to myself: "Wait a minute, this sounds exactly like
Duncan Frissell!" Sure enough, Duncan wrote it.
Imagine what can be done with word and phrase frequency analysis, with
examination of punctuation styles (e.g., some people use _this_ for
emphasis while others use *this*), and so on. Entropy measures, etc.
Someday this may be important.
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-02 17:09:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: 976-OVERDOSE 
I suspect others will tell you what I'm telling you: we considered
breaking up the list a while back, and concluded we should not.
Some reasons:
- much more work for list maintainers. What _you_ save by not having to
hit the delete key as often will be more than made up for by Eric
Hughes having to do a lot more work (and he refuses)
- having as many sublists as you suggest would be way too much...we
even decided that a simple split into "technical" and "political" was
not warranted, at least not back then. (Perhaps this can be
reconsidered, thought the extra list maintenance work is still an issue.)
- many will post their messages to more than one group, to make sure
it gets to the appropriate people
- topics bounce around, anyway, so some groups would have no traffic
(and folks would send messages like: "Hey, how come it's so quiet on
- people would miss key debates and key developments because they
didn't think some group was important. (And if and when they decided
something was important, they'd probably then ask others to forward
them relevant material.)
- the solution is for people to quickly delete message topics they
don't want to see. Off-line newsreaders like Eudora (for the Mac) are
quite useful.

@_date: 1993-03-03 01:16:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Handling Abuses of Remailers 
I don't know. That's for the market to decide.
This is not a glib answer. There is no "real" price for any service or
commodity, only a complicated emergent market price that typically evolves
and changes.
An anonymous remailer (the "Mom and Pop" remailer I like to cite) may
initially charge some price and find it is being undercut by others, or
others are not matching its price. Prices will change, evolve.
It is, however, that remailing prices will be much below a few pennies per
1 KB message, nor much above $2.00. I often use the crude estimate of $0.50
per remailing, suggesting that a 5-hop mailing will then cost about $2.50.
(But once the infrastructure for remailer hops is in place, then even a
single hop is basically enough--this may sound paradoxical, but think about
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-03 11:52:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: REPS: Filters Against Unwanted Messages 
Attached below is a message wherein the author advertises in his .sig this item:
"(anon. postings not read)"
Simple, but it gets the point across. Expect to see more such declarations. In my off-line newsreader, Eudora, (which ironically is also the subject of
the message attached below--must be a plot), it's easy enough to mark all
the stuff from some anonymous site for deletion.
Such "filters" are a basic kind of positive reputation system and are in
use in many places. Some on this list have asked for this kind of filtering
to be incorporated (somehow) into NetNews readers. Maybe this will come
someday, but for now the best approach is to simply not read anonymous
postings, if that's important to you.
I want to also describe an important use of filters:
Publishers almost never accept unsolicited material. Manuscripts "thrown
over the transom," as the saying goes, are returned _unopened_ or sometimes
just thrown away. And the publishers are careful to publicize this fact.
Mainly to head off charges that they or one of their writers "stole" an
idea. Merely by opening the manuscript's envelope, they are exposing
themselves, potentially, to lawsuits from would-be authors who claim to see
elements of their ideas in someone else's "Movie of the Week" or Great
American Novel. So publishers and editors scrupulously refuse to look at
unsolicited manuscripts.
(I have heard, anecdotally, that the onset of electronic submissions is
causing them great distress. Without the option of "returned unopened,"
what are they to do? Various cryptographic solutions suggest
themselves...this could be a small niche market for some cypherentrepreneur
to fill, and could also be a way to get some P-K and reputation-filtering
software out in the world.)
Some forms of crypto-extortion can be handled the same way. (I described
this approach to Dean Tribble a while back.) Simply advertise widely--like
in your .sig--that you do not read messages unless they come from known
sources. Would-be extortionists ("Deposit 10 kilocrypts in this account or I will do
X") come to realize that they cannot easily contact their victim. To be
sure, other channels exist (anonymous postal mail, phone calls, routing
through other sources, etc.), but the lack of a direct channel makes the
initial threat harder to issue. It's a kind of crypto speed bump.
This approach, "I don't listen to extortion threats," is akin to "We don't
negotiate with hostage takers." Far from perfect, but still a "damping"
Here's the posting I cited earlier:

@_date: 1993-03-03 12:22:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Handling Abuses of Remailers 
(Sorry, Cypherpunks, for the ">" in this message--I made the classic
mistake of sending this message only to Fen, hence this forwarded form.
I'll try to watch this in the future!)

@_date: 1993-03-05 10:43:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Encrypted voice protocol? 
I just read in the local paper about "Internet Radio," which sounds like
some kind of transmission of compressed audio, if I have the details right.
This could be interesting. The "Crypto Home Companion Show"?
Anybody know anything about this? (The originator comes from Alexandria,
Virginia, so perhaps Strat and our other D.C. area folks have heard more
about this.)
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-10 17:08:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: F-117A Nighthawk post--Conclusions of Experiment 
J. Michael Diehl guesses the truth:
Well, I _hope_ I am a good guy, at least by the standards of this list.
I posted the F-117A "revelations" about the Stealth fighter, through a
series of 6 or 7 remailers (which I first tested, as I like to do, by
pinging them all) in order to examine the reactions of the list to what
"whistleblowing" acts are very likely to look like.
The reactions have been interesting. Some of you got angry, some even
practically foamed at the mouth, calling me a "treasonous fool." Fair
enough, as I hoped to see this kind of range of opinions. Some points:
1. Nothing in the posting, as some of you observed, was controversial or
classified. I took an article from the book, "Stealth Technology: The Art
of Black Magic," J. Jones, Aero Books, 1989, and scanned it and OCRed it. A
few "probably"s and "could be"s were deleted, and minor other changes were
made (e.g., I converted approximate numbers to precise--though of course
wrong--numbers). The speculations about supersonic capability were in the
original--I can't say how plausible they are. Likewise, the stuff about
"changing color" was also in the original (I was trained as
physicist--would I make something like that up?).
2. Ironically, the "Discovery Channel" ran an hour-long program,
"Nighthawk: Secrets of the Stealth," which was many times more revealing
than my post. "Aviation Week and Space Technology," also known as "Aviation
Leak and Spy Technology," has also carried far more detailed information
over the years.
3. As both Joe Thomas and J. Michael Diehl pointed out, I was "testing" the
nascent "whistleblower" system. I decided it would be interesting to guage
the reaction of the list to what might at first glance look like classified
information being posted--something we can surely expect to see if the
"whistleblower" group really gets going. (That, and deliberate
misinformation to discredit the group, flames to drown out the actual
whistleblowing, illegal or grossly offensive material to try to get the
group taken off the Net, etc.)
If you folks really want to set such a thing up, better be prepared for all
kinds of weird stuff. Of course, the posting of "classified"
documents--ersatz though this one may have been (in the sense of not being
classified!)--can happen even without the "whistleblower"
connotations...any anonymous remailer will work, naturally. But a
whistleblower list (which I support, by the way) is going to attract all
kinds of strange postings, once publicity is gotten (as it must, else
what's the point?).
4. On the appropriateness of defense information as "whistleblower"
material, consider these facts: The most serious cases of whistleblowing in
the last few years have been on *defense* issues--coast over-runs, weapons
systems that failed to work or were unsafe, bribes to DoD or company
officials, and so on. This is the fodder for "60 Minutes" and "20/20,"
who've all run pieces on defective weapons systems, the Bradley Fighting
Vehicle, the Apache Helicopter, the "DIVAD" gun, and so on. (Would my
article have been any less offensive to some of the censorious among you if
I'd fabricated stuff about the Nighthawk not meeting design goals, not
being safe to fly, costing too much, etc.? I suspect not.)
5. In most cases, the DoD has tried to limit the scrutiny on such systems
by invoking "national security" as a cloak. This, even though the Soviets
already had the info--generally far in advance and in much greater detail.
The invocation of national security has generally resulted in Americans
being ignorant of malfeasance and chicanery. The whole idea of the
whistleblowing list is to allow anonymous, untraceable postings of
controversial material like this! Much of what is posted will by necessity
contain material that someone thinks should not be released to the public.
Q.E.D. (or haven't folks thought this one out?).
(So if you whistleblower advocates out there are going to get cold feet
when seemingly sensitive materials is sent out, you'd better just quit
right now!)
6. Paul Robichaux and Dave Deltorto have opined that posts like this should
*not* be posted (and tell me how they'll ever be stopped in the real
world?), as they invite the attention of the NSA and other TLAs (Three
Letter Acronyms). This seems overly paranoid for even this list, given the
megabytes of solid info published by Av Leak and other technical mags. If
some defense stuff is going to get us shut down, we'd better stop now.
(Actually, the problems with the whistleblower's list or group are
sufficiently clear that I'd recommend that nobody be _formally_ affiliated
with it. If it just "appears," somehow, probably in the alt heierchy, then
people can post to it through anonymous remailers.)
7. Speaking of which, a whistleblowers group will likely face attack on
several fronts, depending on whose ox is gored. There may in fact be
deliberate postings of truly classified material just to cause the group to
be shut down (or to cause Internet sites not to carry it, etc.). Some child
porn posted anonymously may get nearly any group pulled. Ditto for
Holocause revisionism, racist jokes, extortion demands, etc. Consider my
little experiment a very benign little "innoculation," a hint of what to
8. Again, I feel we should all be _using_ anonymous remailers to test, or
probe, these various ideas we have. Better that we try out a few ideas
related to "whistleblowing" in the safety of our own group before launching
it out into the world.
Of course, now that I've exposed myself as the originator, this may make
you all skeptical of posts from "Anonymous" or "Nobody." And you _should_
be skeptical!
That's an important part of the whole process.
And don't assume everything from "Anonymous" is from me!
aka, Tim May, Cypherpunk, Crypto Anarchist, and Gadfly
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-11 11:04:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Hiding Encrypted Messages 
Uri writes about Thug's LSB method:
I've written several pieces for sci.crypt and for the Cypherpunks list
about encrypting messages in the LSBs of music--I doubt I was the first,
though my first posting on this was in 1988.
(A posting on this is included at the end of this message.)
Uri's points:
a) The idea is to _hide_ the existence of the message, a la steganography.
A Digital Audio Tape carried across a border is a whole less obvious than a
one time pad of numbers.
b) A nearly essential aspect, one I've emphasized repeatedly, is to _not_
use a digital copy of a CD, but rather to use an _analog_ dub. The noise
floor (cables, imperfections in the DACs and ADCs, analog circuits) will be
well above the LSB, making the message bits virtually indistinguishable
from noise. Sophisticate spectral analysis, and entropy analysis, may
reveal the message bits to be other than noise, but this will be quite
difficult (and some masssaging of the bits will help make their statistics
match that of noise).
c) Yes, the method is that of the one-time pad. In fact, it's a way to
_transport_ one-time pads.
Here's one of my postings on this subject:
Here's a message I just posted to another mailing list. It has rather
strict policies against cross-posting, so I've edited out the headers
and the initial chunk of text I quoted. That should make me kosher.
(This topic also came up in some e-mail with George Gleason.)
Forwarded message:
xxxx is exactly right on this. Several years ago I posted to sci.crypt
my "novel" idea for packing bits into the essentially inaudible "least
significant bits" (LSBs) of digital recordings, such as DATs and CDs.
Ditto for the LSBs in an 8-bit image or 24-bit color image. I've since
seen this idea reinvented _several_ times on sci.crypt and
elsewhere...and I'm willing to bet I wasn't the first, either (so I
don't claim any credit).
A 2-hour DAT contains about 10 Gbits (2 hours x 3600 sec/hr x 2
channels x 16 bits/sample x 44K samples/sec), or about 1.2 Gbytes. A CD
contains about half this, i.e., about 700 Mbytes. The LSB of a DAT is
1/16th of the 1.2 Gbytes, or 80 Mbytes. This is a _lot_ of storage!
A home-recorded DAT--and I use a Sony D-3 DAT Walkman to make
tapes--has so much noise down at the LSB level--noise from the A/D and
D/A converters, noise from the microphones (if any), etc.--that the
bits are essentially random at this level. (This is a subtle, but
important, point: a factory recorded DAT or CD will have predetermined
bits at all levels, i.e., the authorities could in principle spot any
modifications. But home-recorded, or dubbed, DATs will of course not
be subject to this kind of analysis.) Some care might be taken to
ensure that the statistical properties of the signal bits resemble
what would be expected with "noise" bits, but this will be a minor
Adobe Photoshop can be used to easily place message bits in the
"noise" that dominates things down at the LSB level. The resulting GIF
can then be posted to UseNet or e-mailed. Ditto for sound samples,
using the ideas I just described (but typically requiring sound
sampling boards, etc.). I've done some experiments along these lines.
This doesn't mean our problems are solved, of course. Exchanging tapes
is cumbersome and vulnerable to stings. But it does help to point out
the utter futility of trying to stop the flow of bits.

@_date: 1993-03-11 13:23:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HIDE: embedding msgs into snd & graphics 
Granted, a DAT can carry more data in the LSBs--about 80 MB, about the
length of 10 Bibles--than one really needs.
The GIF option I mentioned allows a widely disseminated image file to
contain about 32 KB in just the LSBs of a 512 x 512 x 8-bit gray scale
image. A color image could easily hold three times more (LSBs in each color
channel). And some GIFs are much larger than 512 on a side.
So, a fairly long message could be inserted into the "noise floor" bits of
a scanned or frame-grabbed image, or of a piece of "original art" and then
posted worldwide in one of the GIF groups. Who knows what evil messages are
even now being sent in GIFs of Cindy Crawford and Claudia Schiffer?
Use your imagination and you'll see there are several other easy ways to
hide messages. (Again, we're talking steganography--check the "Glossary" in
the soda.berkeley.edu archives if this is new to you.)
-Tim May
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-11 15:20:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Hidden encrypted messages 
..stuff elided...
I have a couple of camcorders, a video digitizer for my Mac, a scanner
(1-bit only--bought as a bundle with TypeReader, a wonderful OCR program),
etc. Equipment isn't the problem, per se, it's the lack of standards (e.g.,
so what if *I* put a message into a GIF with Adobe Photoshop--others have
to be able to extract it).
We won't be seeing digitized images as carriers of secret messages in wide
use anytime soon. In this sense, I agree with Uri's point.
Doubtful--too widespread. JPEG, MPEG, and a zillion other image standards
are spreading. Big Brother can't ban images, GIFs, JPEG stuff, QuickTime
movies, etc., without shutting down the economy. And digitized voice works
just as well for the LSB method, albeit with a different software approach.
Modem-based voice handling systems are already widespread, and the
"Internet Talk Radio" concept discussed here last week indicates the
feasibility of sending packetized audio. Such a mail system is already
available for the NeXT, I gather.
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-11 21:42:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HABRECHT=EMAIL HARASSEMENT 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
(My mail reader said nearly 80 kilobyes...perhaps your figure was in _lines_?)
I don't know what the delay has been in unsubscribing people. As always,
send requests to the list maintenance address,
"cypherpunks-request at toad.com". The list manager, Eric Hughes
(hughes at soda.berkelely.edu), has been away at the CFP conference this
week...perhaps this is part of the delay.
In any case, the 80 KB (according to my mail reader, Eudora) file was sent
by George Habrecht, and was not "caused" by Eric Hughes, nor was it caused
by "the cypherpunks list." So lighten up on this point, will ya?
Huh? Like I said, it was Mr. Habrecht who sent the "huge volumes of
unwanted mail" and not the Cypherpunks list (unless you're advocating that
someone screen postings for content and length?). So if you're angry at
getting an 80 K file, be angry at Habrecht. His frustration at having to
wait some extra time to get off the list is no excuse for mail-bombing a
couple of hundred people!
The average Cypherpunks message is about 3 KB, or about 4% of Habrecht's
message. With about 25 Cypherpunks messages a day (I'm guessing), Habrecht
equalled the average list volume in his angry action. If there are 200
subscribers, then he caused roughly "200 list-days" of mail to go out to
readers...all because he couldn't get off the list exactly when he gave the
As for the average mail volume...well, it is fairly light compared to some
other mailing lists. And it is not the list manager who determines the
volume, it is of course the list members. The list software simply
"reflects" incoming messages to the distribution list...if people write a
lot, a lot goes out. Q.E.D.
As Sinbad O'Connor would put it: "Know the real enemy."
-Tim May
P.S. What I did was to _reply_ to Mr. Habrecht, explaining the situation. I
attached my reply to a *quoted copy* of his message AND MAILED IT BACK TO
HIM! (Actually, my mailer splits incoming messages into 24 KB pieces, so I
only mailed one of these back to him....he got off lucky. If several more
people do this, he'll think twice about mail-bambing a list again.)
Timothy C. May               | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com        | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409               | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA       | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-12 10:48:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: An Appeal to Calm 
Tempers have flared. Angry words have been sent out to the list. We've all
been mail-bombed by an angry member of the list (who wants off--NOW!).
I guess this is our first real flame war--now we're a real mailing list!
But let's not let the current controversy confuse our very real mission,
nor hide the progress we've seen so far (remailers, spread of PGP,
experiments with digital cash, etc.). If we let the list self-destruct
through a few unfortunate incidents, all hope is lost.
* The "unsubscribe" problem will hopefully soon be fixed. Maybe an
automatic handler (like "majordomo," someone suggested) can be installed.
* Mailing lists like this one characteristically have wildy fluctuating
traffic levels. No messages for a couple of days (leading to "Is the list
broken?" queries) and then 50 messages in a single day (leading to "Enough
already! I can't take the volume." messages). Remember, it is the list
membership that is generating the volume, not the list management (such as
it is).
* Some have said the "cypherpricks" list is generating all noise and no
signal. Many of us would disagree. Actual code is being written, deployed,
and experimented with. One bunch is helping with PGP, another is writing
and deploying remailer programs, another is pursuing steganography (hiding
messages). Pretty impressive. Especially for a new mailing list.
* And relatively little flaming is going on. The closest we've come to a
real act of malice was the mail bombing of the list by a disgruntled
member--I won't go into that further. * There are serious issues involving the uses and abuses of these various
tools and capabilities. Anonymous postings carry obvious concerns. So does
untraceable electronic mail, with the potential for extortion threats and
even fully-secure markets for assassinations and other crimes. Some of
these issues have been discussed on the list. No doubt some see these
debates as "noise." Well, a mailing list cannot of course only cater to one
particular set of needs.
* If we don't discuss these kinds of issues on this list, who will? The FBI
and NSA undoubtedly. So why not we the people?
I hope things can calm down a bit.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-20 10:37:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HIDE: embedded msgs in grphics & snd 
I'm all for exploring hiding messages in the LSBs of images and audio
(having written on this since 1988, and several times on this list), but I
don't understand the idea of putting messages in widely distributed,
publicly-advertised commercial or semi-commercial CDs:
- if lots of people know about it--presumably the goal here--then why hide
the message? (Granted, it'll make some people say "Like, wow! Like,
messages, man!"...or whatever the current vernacular version would be.)
- how would the key be distributed as widely? - clearly this is not a practical way to steganographically send messages. So, what exactly is the point of this exercise?
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-24 15:14:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Many Important Items in the News 
I urge all Cypherpunks to keep up with what's happening in several newsgroups:
* alt.security.pgp and sci.crypt, for the latest in availability of PGP,
MacPGP, etc. Also, a debate over Dorothy Denning's ideas on key
registration and restrictions on crypto. (And for entertainment, David
Sternlight and our own Perry Metzger are duking it out. Sternlight caused
MacPGP to be pulled off the announced archive sites.)
* news.admin.policy, for the latest on Julf's shutdown of his anonymous
server, and for discussion of proposed successors. The whole shutdown is an
important topic--perhaps someday Julf will be able to tell the whole story.
Mention of the "Cypherpunks remailers" has been made in several
places....this may be a good time to a) prepare for a wave of new users, b)
be sure the code is solid and ready, and c) advertise the existence of the
remailers and which one are up, which ones require PGP, etc. And given that our systems are "even more anonymous" that Julf's was, the
abuses seen with his system will have to be faced on our systems. The
alleged abuses of Julf's system: supposedly a picture of a burn victim was
posted to one of the erotica groups (tacky in the extreme, but hardly
illegal or a threat), instructions on how to poison cats (also tacky but
not ipso facto criminal), etc. (I don't know what the culminating case was,
nor will I speculate.)
As we've talked about before, some folks may try to shut us down by
deliberately posting extremely controversial material.
There was also a major flamewar over the weekend when one Richard DePew
decided to initiate his "ARMM" ("Automated Retroactive Minimal Moderation")
program, which sent out "CANCEL" notices for anonymous messages posted to
certain groups. Very controversial, and a sign of things to come. (The
connection, if any, with Julf's shutdown remains unclear. Certainly the
whole issue of anonymous postings reached a head this past weekend.
Sternlight's threats about PGP may have been involved as well. Julf?)
(Cypherpunks remailers may want to change the "Nobody" and "Anonymous" tags
to names that are less screenable, less susceptible to censorship by
ARMM-type programs. Using a rotating list of fictional or historical names
may be an approach, but I'm sure we can think of many ways to bypass
ARMM-type cancellers.)
These are certainly interesting times.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-24 21:24:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Many Important Items in the News 
Phil Karn comments on my proposal:
A very good point. I was thinking more about the "ARMM"-style attacks and
not so much about the normal filters people might write to keep from seeing
anonymous posts.
So, anything we do to make it hard for a determined attacker (writing
ARMM-style filters), makes it even harder for casual users.
I guess the solution is to discourage global, ARMM-style filters (and
perhaps even look again, as a community, at digital sigs for postings, so
that only the author can cancel them).
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-03-26 14:49:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How secure is an anonomous mail-server 
Yes, this is basically the "traffic analysis" problem. This is
discussed (briefly) in the "Glossary" located in the Cypherpunks
archives at soda.berkeley.edu (in the /pub/cypherpunks directory).
Existing remailers are not secure against either traffic analysis or
record-keeping by the operators. Nor are they secure against textual
analysis (a lesser problem). Adding encryption helps against operator record-keeping. Accumulating
enough messages (e.g., 10) so that following a message through 10
remailers is problematic is another approach, though nobody is now
doing this. (And even with lots of accumulated messages and lots of
remailers, statistical evidence can be accumulated. For example, if
everytime "Deadbeat" posts to some group there was a packet leaving my
machine some hours before.....)
David Chaum's 1981 CACM paper/letter described "mixes," which some on
this list are pursuing. His even more advanced "DC-Nets" (also covered
in the Glossary and in _many_ postings on this list) are
information-theoretically secure. We may see them deployed soon, in at
least an experimental form.
Not a dumb question, just one that's come up several times. (Someday
we may even have a Cypherpunk FAQ.)
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-03-26 18:57:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: we need a faq. 
The problem with FAQs is that someone almost always volunteers to put
together a FAQ if people will "send them stuff." Then he realizes what an
enormous job it is, as the submissions are either a) not there, b) are too
brief or confusing, c) require lots of editing, or d) other problems exist.
Then that volunteer just sort of lets it all slide--and several months
later some new eager beaver makes a similar proposal. I've seen this happen
on several groups and mailing lists.
Someone on this list boldly stepped forward last September, begged for
submissions (some of us even sent stuff in), then let it slide. Officially,
I suppose he is still working on it, but nothing has appeared. I'm not
holding my breath.
Since we are an anarchy, nobody can force him--or you, for that mattter--to
finish it. The way FAQs traditionally get done is for someone to just write
the whole damn thing...this will of course mean that someone must become
quite knowledgeable about remailers, PERL, Chaum's work, the math of
crypto, the politics and jargon of crypto privacy, and on and on. Not
trying to scare you off, just pointing out that a FAQ will not write
itself, nor can you count on others to "contribute" (for the reasons
mentioned above).
(Sometimes a "stone soup" approach works, where a "Rev. 0" FAQ is posted
and then the critics come out of the woodwork to suggest improvements. If I
was writing the FAQ, that's how I'd approach it...just get *something* out
as quickly as possible and then see if anyone wants to change anything or
make additions.)
If you publicly announce your plans to do the FAQ, and begin soliciting
contributions, PLEASE make sure it gets finished!
By the way, in my opinion, the Cypherpunks FAQ is *essentially* available
already in the regular postings of list members Lance Detweiler (he posts a
long article to sci.crypt describing privacy on the Internet) and Karl
Barrus (he keeps an updated list of remailers).
Good luck.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: MailSafe and PGP available.

@_date: 1993-05-01 01:51:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: REALPOLITIK = Choosing Battles Carefully 
(Cyphergang, this is going to have to be my last post for a while on this
thread. The points have been made. Some agree with me, some call me
treasonous. I say what I think. -TCM)
.....stuff elided....
That's right, they don't. Clipper/Skipjack/Capstone looks to be
well-planned move to reassert government control over crypto, with various
government modules replacing existing modules (as with the DSS signature
standard, which uses the El Gamal algorithm).
Whether RSADSI is upset, I don't know. I suspect so. Bidzos was quoted as
saying "Clipper is an arrow aimed at the heart of my company." (source:
Eric, who saw it in a newspaper)
This could be. I don't think enough is known to answer this. I suspect the
"end run" theory mentioned above. If Bidzos thought Clipper was a great
thing for his company, he wouldn't be busily lobbying to help kill it, nor
would he have shown up at ur emergency meeting to tell us what he knew.
Capstone is not really a "follow-on," in the sense that it is due to be
announced *this month*, if I recall correctly. It's very far along, I
believe. More like a "one-two punch." And, yes, it appears to be a major
threat to us all. But we'll have to wait and see, I suppose.
I think I mentioned somewhere that I put Bidzos on the spot with what I
called "The 64-bit Question": Are you going to cut a deal and sell us out?
Bidzos was very sober when he answered this, and said, roughly: "If you
mean will I conspire with the government to deny strong crypto to users,
no. But if Clipper and Capstone are destined for deployment and they come
to us and offer royalties, what choice will we have? We have a duty to our
shareholders." And as he was leaving for the day, he leaned in the door to
our meeting and said, as if to reiterate the point, "Tim, I won't sell you
(Please don't use this recollection of what he said for a dissection of
what he really meant, what RSA is really doing, etc. I have already said
that Bidzos said he knew nothing about the Clipper program until we all
did. And so on.)
This is not clear. Deploying strong crypto could be more lucrative to
RSADSI than having the government deploy its own Capstone "CA"
(Cryptographic Algorithm, the new acronym du jour) and paying RSADSI some
token amount for some small piece of the package.
I completely agree and nothing I have ever said suggests we place all our
faith in his company or any other institution. What I have said--several
times, now--is that a frontal attack on the RSA patents, via highly public
postings of PGP and a "Fuck you!" approach to talking with patent owners,
is not the best strategy at this time.
There's no proposed alliance being talked about. See previous paragraph. I
don't expect anyone to necessarily agree with my politics. Of course not! Nobody has suggested this. This is a straw man. Being
nonconfrontational in some areas (aka "living to fight another day," aka
"choosing your battles carefully") doesn't mean any kind of mutual approval
pact has been signed.
I want strong crypto first and foremost. Then the other stuff can perhaps
follow. If crypto privacy is outlawed now, if the War on Drugs and "What
have you got to hide?" approaches win out, then all is lost.
Asked and answered. Let me phrase the issue in slightly different terms. Which of the following
strategies do you folks think will best improve the chances that strong
crypto remains legal?
1. CONFRONTATION: We fight RSADSI at every step. We engage them in legal
battles, we distribute infringing code whenever possible. We get PGP spread
to thousands of users, perhaps tens of thousands of users at bootleg,
underground sites. (Remember that businesses cannot use PGP without fear of
prosecution, fines, whatever...unless the Cypherpunks win their lawsuit
against RSADSI, sometime around 1997 or so, at the rate these cases move
through the courts.)
2. REALPOLITIK: We concentrate instead on spreading strong crypto into as
many ecological niches as possible: individuals, corporations, e-mail
packages, attorney-client transactions, and so on. We emphasize the legal,
constitutional right to communicate messages in the language of our choice
(that is, we have no obligation to speak in languages eavesdroppers can
more easily understand). To head off government moves to act against PGP
and similar systems, the parts of PGP that conflict with RSA's patents are
modified, thus becoming legal to use (and Phil even has a chance to make
some money, which he sure as hell can't do now).
I'll take  and worry about digital money and anonymous systems later.
Strong crypto is logically prior to everything else.
All I've argued is that the "in your face" approach has its limits. Most of
the PGP users are, I think we'll all agree, hobbyists and hackers who
downloaded it, played with it, learned some crypto from it, exchanged keys,
etc. Probably not too many critical uses, YET. But the popularity suggests
a hunger for strong crypto.
The Clipper/Capstone move indicates the government wants to head this off
at the pass. The question is whether the bootleg and infringing PGP (and
Phil admits to all this in his docs, obviously) has a better chance of
succeeding than a fully legal and already spreading RSA solution?
(The issue of PGP's feature set versus that of MailSafe's is secondary to
the main issues...between RSAREF, RIPEM, OCE, and other RSA-based systems,
the features can be found. I expect a compromise along these lines, mixing
parts of PGP with parts of RSAREF, is going to happen.)
As for Stanton McLandish's removal of PGP from his site, Eric Hughes and
others have explained the legal issues in great detail. Of course, anyone who really wishes to take on the RSA patents in a big way
is perfectly free to place PGP on his U.S. site, advertise it heavily in
sci.crypt so that RSADSI cannot possibly claim to have missed it, tell
Bidzos to get lost when the inevitable "cease and desist" warning arrives,
and then follow through with the several-year legal battle that will
Strong crypto is far more important that this petty issue of patents.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement

@_date: 1993-05-11 17:42:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: BYTE article 
I suspect Peter will also comment on this! Peter Wayner is a member of
this very list.
(I know this from reading his posts, not from seeing the distribution
list, which I haven't.)
The article was excellent, in my opinion.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-05-12 18:36:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Halting Problem 
Sorry I was out today and missed the halting problem debate!
Paul's intuition (or perhaps proof) is correct, at least according to a
paper Len Adleman wrote some years back, showing this. (I don't have the
paper, but I heard Len describe the results at the Crypto '88 Conference.
As with most such results, the result probably depends on a very careful
statement of what the terms mean, so take my comments as being only
indicative of the flavor of the results.)
What follows is not from Adleman's talk or paper, but from information theory.
The Kolmogorov-Chaitin view of "randomness" is very similar in spirit: how
does one know whether a sequence/string is "effectively random" (short
definition: effectively random means there is no shorter description of a
sequence than itself) or is instead describable by some shorter sequence?
Thus the string "31415926535897932384626433" is recognizable to most agents
(people, smart programs) as the first 25 digits of pi (however, it *could*
be something else, but I won't get into that right now). But the string
"67902371045873651853" is probably not recognizable as anything other than
this string.
Kolmogorov complexity is defined as the length of the shortest programs
which can generate (print) the object. Thus, "alternating 1s and Os" is
very short, "the digits of pi" is slightly longer, and the digit mentioned
above ("679023...") may not have any shorter program than itself. (The
famous Berry Paradox enters here: "The shortest not nameable in under ten
words." Does this number exist? If so, what is it?)
Finding the generating program is very similar to decrypting a message (I
suspect there's a way to formalize the equivalence of encryption and
Kolmogorov complexity, beyond this admitted hand-waving, but I don't know
it offhand). Strings or expressions which "appear" random but which are
actually very regular, or easy to describe, with the proper "key" are
called "crypto-regular." Encrypted messages are clearly crypto-regular.
Cover and Thomas, in "Elements of Information Theory," 1991, write: "One of
the consequences of the non-existence of an algorithm for the halting
problem is the non-computability of Kolmogorov complexity. The only way to
find the shortest program in general is to try all short programs and see
which if them can do the job. However, at any time some of the short
programs may not have halted and there is no effective (finite mechanical)
way to tell whether they will halt or not and what they will print out.
Hence, there is no effective way to find the shortest program to print a
given string."
(By the way, exhaustive search of a keyspace--as someone suggested--is also
not enough, as the cryptostring above (""679023...") may result in several
syntactically valid English expressions, such as "attack at dawn," "whopper
with fries," "robins migrate peripherally." Knowing when to stop further
crypanalysis of a message might be called the "crypto halting problem.")
Fascinating stuff!  (To my current thinking, the core of the universe!) I
recommend Gregory Chaitin's "Algorithmic Information Theory" and
"Algorithms and Randomness." And the Cover and Thomas book.
A (mundane) consequence for cypherpunks is that the sending of any
random-looking stuff may be banned, someday. (No doubt it is in many
countries, if they bother to look. Sending unreadable stuff is grounds for
a visit by the Federales.) And clearly even "real messages," like this one, like Peter Wayner's
baseball scores, like GIF images, etc., can have messages attached. If
simple cryptanalysis reveals simple English-like messages, Occam's razor
suggests a decryption has been made. But it can never be known for sure
whether other messages exist.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement

@_date: 1993-05-14 15:10:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: computer and privacy on all things considered (bay area, 1430, fri) 
As soon as I read this (and thankfully the toad.com machine was sending
stuff through in a timely way), I flicked on KQED (San Francisco), where
the NPR report was already underway.
The hacker spokesman was, I think, a "Fred Davis."
An unimpressive interview, in my opinion. Confusing stuff about how if your
computer has "wires going into it, hackers can get in" (paraphrased from
the hacker's comments, not the interviewers).
Perhaps the time allotted was just too short to make any reasonable points.
Those who didn't hear it, didn't miss much.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement

@_date: 1993-05-21 00:03:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why So Many Articles on Cypherpunks? 
I haven't seen the newstand issue yet and haven't thought too much
about it. Kevin Kelly first contacted me last fall because of some
posts I'd made on sci.crypt (Round 1 of the "key registration" battle,
before we knew the government planned this key escrow thing, happened
when I wrote an article for Extropians, Cypherpunks (very young then),
and sci.crypt entitled "A Trial Balloon to Ban Encryption?"). Kelly
talked to me, Eric Hughes, John Gilmore, circa December, and attended
two Cypherpunks physical meetings. (We had a debate around then about
whether journalists should be allowed, invited, or ignored...the
eventual outcome was that help should be provided to journalists
interested in these issues.)
Kevin Kelly visited my house near Santa Cruz and we talked for several
hours. He was also commissioning an article for "Wired" by Steven
Levy, who also talked to several of us. Hence the double articles,
which were both written at about the same time.
(There's also a Julian Dibell piece for "The Village Voice" in the
works...maybe the stuff he's aleady written is *it* , maybe there's
going to be more.)
I agree with Mr. Noise about this and am trying to "lay low" as much
as possible. However, if journalists are interested in our kinds of topics,
they'll write stories. The Cypherpunks list doesn't "assign" members
to be interviewed....the journalists sniff the air for interesting
hooks and angles to center a piece on. The work of Zimmermann is very
obvious (though he's not on the list...he did attend one meeting), as
are the obvious battles with the NSA being fought by John Gilmore. I
can think of several others who have stuff going on that would make
interesting stories.
For now, the "cyberspace" community is largely defined by the
magazines mentioned, and a few others ("Boing Boing," 'Extropy,"....).
Hence the incestuous nature. (Also, the editors and writers know each
other and have longstanding credentials in the hacker community.)
I hope this little summary gives some perspective on why so many
articles are now appearing. The timing is perfect, even if 98% of
Americans have never heard of Clipper.

@_date: 1993-05-25 17:02:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymity on the net 
Chaining remailers is of course the basic idea of using remailers.
"Linking up" the remailers would sort of defeat the purpose of the
remailers, wouldn't it? The idea is for only the sender to really know the
sequence of remailers. (Of course, some of us aren't always using encrypted remailers--though we
really should be--and hence the first remailer node theoretically knows who
sent the message and where it's going. (Later remailers won't know, as all
header info gets stripped out, so most of the benefits are retained.)
Longterm, this will have to fixed, by more and easier encryption. For now,
just using remailers as I show below is a good exercise.)
Using remailers is easily done, and in fact I do this for nearly all of the
"remailed" messages I send (no, I won't say which of the "anonymous" or
"nobody" messages I sent...if more people used remailers, we'd all be
better off). I encourage everyone out there who has not yet played with
remailers to give them a quick try. You can see for yourself in the next 10
minutes what this all means, just by sending yourself an "anonymous"
Here's an example script I use. Note that I favor the "double colon"
(sounds like a medical condition, doesn't it?) format, as my mailer doesn't
have a convenient way of messing with the headers. (You are of course free
to try the other remailer format, described in the documentation for the
To use the double colon method, simply place a "::" on a blank line in the
_body_ of your message (not the header) followed by a line with
"Request-Remailing-To: next address" in it. And then another blank line,
and then your message. The forms below should make this clearer. Then
_another_ such remailer form can be included, and another, and another, and
so forth. Very easy to use. (Whoever came up with the double colon format,
please keep it in future versions!)
Karl Barrus occasionally publishes a list of operating remailers. I
occasionally test these remailers by sending messages to myself, to assure
myself they're still up and running and are sending stuff through promptly.
I keep a small database of "functional remailers," with their speeds (most
remail within seconds) and such. Once I've "pinged" these remailers, I feel
more confidant about chaining several of them together.
Example of Several Hops:
Request-Remailing-To: hh at cicada.berkeley.edu
Request-Remailing-To: elee7h5 at rosebud.ee.uh.edu
Request-Remailing-To: final address
This is a test message. Several hops. Even more remailer addresses could of
course be included here. {this went through in just a few minutes}
To use this yourself, replace the "final address" with your own address.
You should get an "anonymous" or "nobody" message in just a few minutes.
Naturally, you can vary the order of the remailers, use others, etc. Check
out the list of remailers Karl Barrus publishes (and maybe it's even in the
soda archives?) and "roll your own." Even use PGP with the sites that
support it (and at least one of the sites *requires* PGP, last time I
If the last address is one of the mail-to-NetNews sites, you've just posted
Happy anonymous remailing!
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-05-27 21:29:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Steganography 
...rest elided...
Was this "Cryptanalysis," by Helen Gaines? Or the Herbert S. Zim
popularization? Both are very dated.
Somehow I don't think 1939 methods will be real useful in a 1993
world. But the book may be educational...you have to crawl before you
can walk, etc.
(Kahn's "The Codebreakers" has some good stuff on hiding messages,
mostly from World War II...think about it, those spies may've used
your 1939 book as a tutorial!)
There haven't been many recent books dealing explicitly with
steganography, though modern crypto texts like Brassard's "Modern
Cryptology," the Antichrist's "Cryptography and Data Security"
(Dorothy Denning), or Salomaa's "Public Key Cryptography" are good
sources. And conference proceedings (annual "Crypto" conferences)
should have some articles on "covert channels" and the like. You can
find these books in (most) large university libraries or in (many)
technical bookstores.
If the only crypto book you have access to is from 1939, find a larger
Happy reading!
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-05-31 13:22:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Clipperpunks Write Code? 
(I've taken the liberty of renaming Hal Finney's thread, mainly since
I wasn't sure _what_ it was named...it arrived via the -request list
and was missing some headers....)
...stuff elided to save space....
I think Hal is right, though the Clipper controversy has generated
a lot of new interest in crypto issues and perhaps even in this list.
My guess would be that many of today's readers are on this list now
because of the rude awakening Clipper gave them.
Having said this, I agree that our real strength lies in technical
areas (I'm referring to folks like Hal, Eric Hughes, Miron Cuperman,
all the others who're writing C and Perl code, and all those running
remailers and the like). The anti-Clipper work is related, but
probably isn't the core...fortunately, I doubt there's any conflict, as
people will work on what interests them, so the Clipper stuff probably
isn't affecting work on other core issues.
Maybe at the next Cypherpunks physical meeting we can get some idea of
what others are doing? For example, perhaps Hal Finney could
communicate by phone for a few minutes? (We did this with the Boston
and D.C. Cypherpunks at the emergency Clipper meeting and it worked
Others could also call in, or vice versa.
Things like digital money will require a lot of effort, probably two
or three times what PGP took (just a guess). Wide deployment is even
more problematic. These are "social" issues, not just technical
issues, of course, so progress is hard to predict.
It may take a while.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-03 20:22:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: message depots 
This is not so, and we have discussed this many, many times. Chaum's
1981 CACM paper, referred to again by Hal Finney recently, describes
how a series of remailers (or mixes, in his terminology) can prevent
this mapping from "real identity" to "anonymous identity."
This mapping is currently known to remailer in "Julf-style" remailers,
such as the one S. Boxx used. But what if, to pick a simple example,
someone first used an encrypted Cyperpunks remailer to mail to the Julf site?
Unless Julf and the Cypherpunks remailer owner get together (collude),
neither of them can construct the mapping.
With N remailers and use of encryption at each node, all any of the N
nodes can deduce is the mapping between inputs and outputs, neither of
which are necessariy either the "real name" or the "anonymous name."
Jim goes on to describe his ideas for a "message depot" system, which
bears close resemblance to Chaum's mixes, the basis for our existing
encrypted remailers, and Myron Cuperman's "pool" idea, first deployed
about a year ago. My own "BlackNet" example of a month or so ago (and
developed in 1988, conceptually) used both encryption and pools: the
messages I picked up and decrypted, using the BlackNet private key,
were readable only by me, and neither I nor the senders had any way of
knowing who the other person was.
I know some will call me an old fogey, or an old-timer who won't help
newcomers, or even a parasitic nym (or somesuch, says G. Toal :-})
intent on devouring the initiative of the creative talents here, but I
have to call 'em as I see 'em.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-08 12:43:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The "Nymalizer" and Shannon's Information Theory 
Curtis Frye and many others have written about the ways anonymous or
pseuodonymous posts can be identified. Graham Toal's comments were
especially cogent (even if he tweaked my for some of my characteristic
writing patterns and whatnot (hint: I use "whatnot" more than most
people here).
I want to briefly mention another way of looking at this issue, and
will use Curtis' comments to start:
One can view this problem in terms of Shannon's theorem about the
transmission of a message in the presence of noise:
* Signal -- the identity of the poster (true name, pseudonym,
- characteristic usage of words, of punctuation, and whatnot (see)
- even the ideologies expressed (which LD incorrectly used to
conclude Jamie Dinkelacker and I "must" be the same person)
* Noise -- variations in spelling, usage, etc.
- many people use similar constructions and whatnot (like this)
Now Shannon's theorem, which can be applied here if some care is taken
(that is, don't apply it too simplistically or too mechanistically),
says that no matter how much noise is present, one can extract the
signal if one samples enough.
(Caveats: for a stationary sequence, etc., whereas one's writings may
change with time, with the topic at hand, etc.)
This means that one can "communicate" the "message"--which in this
case is the message "I am Tim May" or "Jamie and Tim are distinct
posters" and so forth--if enough messages are analyzed.
But to Shannon's basic view one must also add _intereference_, whether
deliberate (spoofing) or not. If I try to emulate the style of S.
Boxx, for example, by writing in the form "I am becoming INCREASINGLY
DISGUSTED by the blatant disregard for the Cypherpunks CAUSE and ...",
then this "intereference" could greatly complicate the signal
In fact, more obscure correlations would have to be looked at, ones
which might require many more messages to analyze...possibly more
message samples than exist.
Text analysis tools have presumably gotten a lot more powerful than
they were 30 years ago when the "Did Marlowe writes Shakespeare's
plays?" question was being computer-analyzed.
Anyway, like others have said, there are several programs available
which do this kind of analysis, and I don't think it's paranoid to say
that the CIA and the NSA must have extremely sophisticated tools for
such analysis.
An interesting area. Anybody else interested in building a "nymalizer"
which sorts posts into likely bins?
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-08 13:08:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: IRS records, FINCEN, etc. 
The latest "Wired," 1.6, has an article entitled "Big Brother Wants to
Look Into Your Bank Account (any time it pleases)." It describes how FinCEN, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network,
cross-refererence IRS records.
(I've been curious about FinCEN since around early 1990, when I first
heard about its formation--as a joint task force of Treasury, State,
NSA, FBI, etc.--and this article in "Wired" has filled in a lot of
gaps. Suffice it to say that FinCEN is likely _very_ interested in our
schemes for money-laundering, tax evasion, black markets, and collapse
of the U.S. and other governments.)
By the way, I generally avoid here the well-trodden ground of
libertarian politics, anarcho-capitalism, the "duties" one putatively
owes the State, and so on.
One should not take my unwillingness to "debate the basics" to mean
assent for the views others express here.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-08 18:43:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Wired 1.6 is not yet publically available 
A couple of you have asked about "Wired" and the availability of the
new issue, 1.6. Especially as the first "monthly" issue, 1.5, has only
been out a few weeks. (And it mentions a strange thing called
"BlackNet" on page 32, as sharp observers have noted.)
I've been told by Sandy Sandfort that the issue is not yet on the
newstands, and may not even be sent out to contributor and subscribers
for a couple more weeks....so no point in looking for it now. How'd I
get one, then?
Well, we found hundred of copies of 1.6 on our dinner tables Friday
night at the Hackers Conference. The FinCEN article that I mentioned
was thus a fine preparation for the Crypto panel later that evening.
Speaking of which, it went quite well. Personally, I liked the panels
on "agents and agoric computing," the talk on "algorithmic investing,"
and the demoes of some truly impressive virtual reality work at Sun.
Maybe the crypto stuff is old hat to me. But lots of folks were extremely interested, many even claiming it was
their favorite panel. The panelists were Peter Honeyman, Phil Karn, Eric Hughes, Mike
Godwin, and John Draper, with me nominally as the moderator.
A "BOF" ("birds of a feather," a SIG by another name) session was held
in the early hours of Saturday, with even more interest. We may get
another wave of new members on the list.

@_date: 1993-11-08 19:33:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TEMPEST, Van Eyck Radiation, and Eavesdropping 
TEMPESTpunks, The theme of TEMPEST/RF/eavesdroping/Faraday cages/Van Eyck
Radiation/etc. comes up on this list every month or so, nearly as
often as the threads about generating random numbers in hardware.
(If you don't know about eavesdropping on computer sessions by
monitoring and decoding RF emissions by the computers, keep reading
this list and the topic will pop up, as it just has!)
Anyway, I found this item interesting. I'm not yet sure we need to
become "Faraday-Cage-punks quite yet, but the articles and laws
mentioned in this report might be useful for someone.
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
Distribution: world
Reply-To: mitchell at ncsa.uiuc.edu (myself)
In article <2bjdvm$6gh at vixen.cso.uiuc.edu>, trh42502 at uxa.cso.uiuc.edu
this was based laws!
There is a file available from NIST discussing TEMPEST tech, and its
legal status.  It is quite an interesting read.
Anonymous ftp to csrc.ncsl.nist.gov
file /pub/secpubs/tempest.txt
It summarizes the legal status of TEMPEST as follows:
The use of TEMPEST is not illegal  under  the  laws  of  the
United  States3,  or  England.    Canada has  specific  laws
criminalizing TEMPEST eavesdropping but the  laws do more to
hinder surveillance countermeasures than  to prevent TEMPEST
surveillance.  In  the United  States it is  illegal for  an
individual  to  take   effective  counter-measures   against
TEMPEST surveillance.   This leads to the  conundrum that it
is legal  for individuals and  the government to  invade the
privacy of others but illegal for individuals to  take steps
to protect their privacy.
 The reason for the preventive equipment being illegal
is that it is classified. (Shocker!)  The eavesdropping is legal
due to the fact that the radiation emitted in not considered to
be a 'communication', and hence is not covered by ECPA, etc.
I am leaving this followup in talk.politics.crypto due to the fact
the as crypto gets better, the best way to 'crack' it will be
through techniques such as TEMPEST.  Even a one-time pad doesn't
help if your opponent can read monitor from a half-mile away!
Anyway, I highly recommend that everyone interested in this thread
get a copy of the file.  Curious that it should show up on an NIST
server.  Looks more like something EFF would be distributing.
-David Mitchell
Internet:t-hilquist at uiuc.edu

@_date: 1993-11-08 19:48:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Clipper and Tipper on Route 666 
I was able to "christen" a brand new newsgroup,
"alt.politics.datahighway," with this posting. For those of you who
have announced that you do not like to see political points raised in
the Cypherpunks group, that only serious discussion of the XJ9 e-mail
protocols and their MIME compliance is a worthy topic, I say that a
bit of politics is always appropriate.
In any case, Cyperpunks believe in kill files, I hope.
Newsgroups: alt.politics.datahighway
The Clipper chip, introduced by the Clinton Administration to ensure
that they can easily listen in on our phone conversations, is closely
related to Albert Gore's "National Information Infrastructure."
To ensure that the Net of the Future is safe for K-12 outings and
field trips and that perverts and dissidents are kept off this
national resource, a special chip has been developed which censors
obscene speech, rock music lyrics, and non-Baptist religious speech.
This chip is known as the "Tipper" chip.
(Many other chips exist in this family of "X-ippper" chips, including
the Navy's Flipper chip, RCA's Nipper chip, DEC's Pipper chip, and so
Perhaps we can encourage the "700 Club," which did an excellent attack
piece on Clipper (yes, seriously, they did), to attack the ClintonNet
"data superhighway." I suggest they call it "Route 666."
As you may be able to tell from my satire here, I consider the Data
Superhighway a boondoggle at best and a dangerous move toward
centralilzed computing at worst.
A few days ago, at the Hackers Conference, I expressed this view to
Tom Kalil, of the White House. He apparently is one of the charmingly
named "policy wonks" responsible for planning our digital future. A
pleasant enough guy, but I don't want him or any other policy wonk
planning the future of the networks.
The free market has produced--and is continuing to produce at a
breakneck speed--a diverse, vigorous international network. From local
LANs to fiber to satellites to a variety of even faster links, there
is no lack of alternatives. And unlike the National Interstate Highway System, to which the NII is
often compared (perhaps wrongly...), there is absolutely no need for
the government to get involved. No land is needed (as was the case in
the 1950s when the Interstates were being built), and no centralized
planning is needed.
Do we want networks built and run by the equivalent of the Postal
Service--or by the equivalent of FedEx and Airborne?
A government effort will likely skew normal market forces, lay
network lines in places they are not needed, be built by the pork
barrel procurement policies that have given us so many other
boondoggles, and will turn engineers into proposal-writing pigs at the
public trough.
I say we kill the Data Superhighway the way we killed the
Supercollider. Except, this time let's do it before we spend a few
billion bucks we don't have.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-09 10:58:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Is Clipper Almost Dead? (was: Clipper and Tipper on Route 666) 
I don't think it's a deliberate scam, just a Bad Idea. On the other
hand, once the idea got rolling (Al Gore campaigned on the idea of the
Data Superhighway), I'm sure the various government agencies made
their comments and meshed their plans for Clipper, Skipjack, Capstone
(data encryption, not just voice), and so forth, with the emerging
ideas about subsidizing the Net to meet "national goals."
By the way, the White House guy I mentioned, Tom Kalil, made much of
the plans to tie the "single payer" health insurance system into his
discussion, describing how one's "HealthCard" would be used to
transfer medical records across the Nets to other hospitals and
insurance company computers, how the NII would be used to "cut costs"
by computerizing all records, etc. Very scary.
(Duncan Frissell, over on Extropians wrote some great stuff on how one
might avoid being issued one of these HealthCards...my favorite: "I
thought I might be an illegal alien.")
Oh, can there be any doubt about this? The "Open Sources" plan just
makes this official policy.
Thanks. My reference was of course to the well-known paranoia the
Christian Right has to "the mark of the Beast" and the growing concern
that an electronified Orwellian world would be the realization of this
Phil Karn brought a tape of the "700 Club" Clipper piece with him to
Hackers. It was really amazing, honest. The news anchor, a black named
Ben Kinchlow (sp?), was very well informed (contrast him with Dan
Rather or the like) and was very agitated about the Clipper plans.
Granted, the Christian Right does not subscribe to most of our views
about other freedoms in society. I won't get into these topics here.
But we may as well find allies where we can. The same goes for them
RU-486-usin', pot-smokin' lesbos in Baghdad-by-the-Bay. That is, get
folks on the Left _and_ the Right to fear what an Orwellian
surveillance society would really mean for anyone not in power at the
time and thus get them to side against the survelliance society
planning per se.
If you've read this far, here's a bonus news item (a reward for those
who actually read my articles!): John Markoff, the reporter for the
"New York Times" who has written many outstanding articles on crypto
and computers, told me at Hackers that the Clipper debacle is
- that AT&T is pissed-off at the bad publicity they're getting, and at
the confusion and delays in delivering the final version of the chips
(sounds contradictory, but I think you can see how they'd be pissed
that they're catching hell---and for nothing on their bottom line so
- that heads may roll in the NSA/NIST world, with Clint Brooks, the
point man on Clipper, being moved sideways or down to another job.
Sounds like damage control is starting.
- that Dorothy Denning is now almost isolated from her former
colleagues, at least in terms of her reputation, and that she herself
is trying to do some damage control (but several of us think she'll
mainly be the "outside consultant" for the Feds for years to
come...that is, she's cast her lot with the Feds).
So, the efforts of the EFF, various corporate policy groups, security
activists, and even our own group, seem to have paid off.
Clipper/Capstone seems to be in a state of confusion.
We may not have to push too much harder.
I say we increase our attention on the Data Superhighway and try to
kill it as well.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-09 11:48:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Info on Clipper chip and fabrication of it 
Clipperpunks (Not!),
Someone in the know passed on some information to me about the
Clipper/Skipjack stuff. Here it is:
***begin quote***
An ARM processor will be used as a controller inside the Skipjack & ??
chips (don't think it's currently used in Clipper).
VLSI progammable logic (EEprom based?) is used to both
store the keys, and provide some other logic functions, so you can't read
anything if you take the chip apart. I don't think any other exotic
technologies are used. Mykotronix designs the mask- they're fabricated at
***end quote***
We knew all of this, except for the part about the ARM processor
(formerly the "Acorn Risc Machine") being used in the core. The ARM is
a high MIPS-per-watt processor that is being used in the Apple Newton
and the 3DO game machine.
(I'll leave it to you all to construct some theories about what this
might mean--but probably doesn't--for Newtons and 3DO containing
Skipkjack features.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-09 12:38:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Are we gatewayed to Usenet? 
Last night when I entered the newsgroups of my system (Netcom) I was
given the choice of subscribing to a new newsgroup,
"cypherpunks.list". I did with alacrity, to discover what was going
Here's a sample of what's appeared so far (a screen in "tin"):
21    1  PC random number hardware                      Jon Boede
22       Need Info                                      Christopher M. Wis
23       Wired 1.6 is not yet publically available      Timothy C.Ma y    24       Caller ID                                      Wabasha-Kellogg Hi
25       Tropez phones                                  Wabasha-Kellogg Hi 26    1  TEMPEST, Van Eyck Radiation, and Eavesdroppin  Timothy C. May    27       (fwd) Clipper and Tipper on Route 666          Timothy C. May     28       [alt.security.pgp] pgp.iastate.edu service di  warlord at MIT.EDU   29       Mark Abene (Phiber Optik) sentenced            Doug Merritt
30       TEMPEST Defenses and average Van Eck Gear...   nobody at shell.porta 31       Nymalizer, politics on the list                Greg Broiles
32       Test of this list...                           Timothy C. May    I believe someone has gatewayed the list onto Netcom, which is
available to many thousands of subscribers, including local POPs
(points of presence) in Washington, D.C., Boston, Atlanta, Austin, and
of course all up and down the West Coast.
Is this such a good idea? And should it be unilaterally done? If there
was discussion of this, I must've missed it somehow (which I doubt).
It does look like it may've been a one-shot affair, as the recent
messages to the List proper have not appeared in the newsgroup. Also,
I posted a test message to the group, which appears above as item but which appeared only in the newsgroup and not on the List proper
(two hours have passed, so it may eventually appear).
Certainly our List is not a deep, dark secret, and certainly we know
the list is gatewayed into some local networks, but I really worry
about everything we say hear being readable by anyone with a newsfeed.
It also opens us up to more disruptive flaming and puerile
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-09 13:04:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Speaking for myself, natch, I object to nearly every aspect of the NII
as I have seen it described in the EFF info, the "Whole Earth Review"
article, the discussions with Kalil and Steele at Hackers, and the
material that has appeared in the EFF newsgroups and the new group
devoted to the Superhighway.
My objections are philosophical and broad, not just targeted at
specific proposals (e.g, the "equal access" provisions, the
subsidizing of bandwidth, the support of various special interest
There is of course no real "Cypherpunks agenda," per se, so my
comments that we should turn our attention toward killing the
Clinton/Gore proposal are rhetorical.
The various Nets, including "_the_ Net," should be further libertated
from government control, not made part of a plan for a National
Information Infrastructure.
There are some parts of the proposal I could support, such as making
it explicit that networks are common carriers and are not responsbile
for content (Kalil mentioned this in passing, and Jim Warren
enthusiastically agreed, as we all did). But this is more a matter of
legal interpretation (court rulings), I would guess.
Similarly, making government documents and such (laws, regulations,
Congressional Record, etc.)  available by ftp, gopher, WWW, etc.,
seems to be a Good Thing, and this could be done starting _today_.
But most other parts I cannot support, especially the underpinning
idea that the government needs to be involved in planning networks,
and that various groups in society need "fair access" to such
networks. And the idea that the government should set the specs for
a network to tie in with the National Health Insurance Plan--a point
repeatedly raised by Tom Kalil of the White House--is odious.
Since many folks here on this List dislike political talk--Clipper was
seen as an exception, I guess--perhaps this discussion should take
place on the new group devoted to the "datahighway"?
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-09 14:08:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Mike Godwin makes his usual cogent points, even if one disagrees with
For sure. I have "OP2.0" and have read it.
But it is important that we not think that EFF's plan is identical to
that of the White House. I have not called for us to kill the EFF
Rather, the "data superhighway" as it is being discussed all over
town, and as White House spokeswonks are representing it.
(Just one example: the need, expressed by Kalil, to ensure that K-12
students have "free access" to the Net. I brought up the fact that
when a "K-12" group ("k12.chat.senior") appeared at my site, I dipped
into to see what it was about. When I made some anti-D.A.R.E.
comments, debunking some of the brainwashing about drugs, I was
contacted by a site administrator who announced to me that my
presence, as an adult, in "their" forum was unwelcome (fine) and could
be construed (by whom?) as some form of harassment (or worse) of
children. I told him to fuck off. This trend is what has me worried.)
Why not work to change the first part of your statement, the "the
money is going to be spent by government no matter what" part? I don't
mean in the sense of completely eliminating government, but in the
sense of just not spending significant amounts of money in the NII?
In fact, the Net is already more privately subsidized than many of us
realize (I don't have exact numbers). The NSF funding could vanish
completely and I susepct the Net would become healthier.
Well, I don't support the notion of "Universal Service." I don't
expect Federal Express or Airborne to provide universal service, just
ordinary for-profit service. (I won't belabor the point by listing a
bunch of things people buy and sell--like cars, computers, stereos,
food--and which could plausibly, using the NII reasoning, be provided
as part of "universal service."
These are the philosophical underpinnings of NII I cannot support.
Others may support the NII or Open Platform in some way. I cannot.
On the specific point of cable franchises, I agree that the current
situation of forcing all households in a given area to have whatever
the "franchise winner" provides is a disaster. I can think of several
- throw out the very idea of cable and telephone franchises; fiber
optic cables are so small and cheap that entire neighborhoods could be
wired with N lines, with auctioned access to the head-end fiber
distribution point. Or, stringing a fiber directly to one's home from
the next branch up on the distribution tree is becoming feasible.
- satellite dishes are coming (from two companies) which will further
increase the selection; UseNet feeds are already available, with
feedback via dial-up lines (one generally needs much less bandwidth in
the reverse direction, naturally).
- ISDN is coming, giving high bandwidth to other services (not enough
for video).
Things seem to be moving rather well. I'm not overly worred about the
TCI-Atlantic Bell types of mergers, as they won't have any effect so
far as I can see in accessing the services I now have and expect to
In short, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
The OP2.0 stuff I fully support has to do with making sure there are
no laws telling me I can't send encrypted files, can't receive them,
etc. Beyond that, I don't want guaranteed access to other services,
just as I would NOT want others to have guaranteed access to services
(networks, bulletin boards, ftp sites, etc.) that I might provide.
Freedom to associate, to pick one's friends and customers, and all
Yes, I even support the radical idea that stores can refuse service to
purple Martians, to Lesbian cats, to homeless bums, to blacks,
whatever. We may not like it, but freedom to pick one's associates is
as fundamental a right as one can imagine.
Crypto anarchy will of course allow this in various ways. Though it
may not be often used.
As a a wonderful cartoon in "The New Yorker" so cogently put it: Two
dogs. One dog says to the other, "The great thing about the Internet
is that nobody knows you're a dog."

@_date: 1993-11-09 14:28:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
But how is this any different from providing subsidized or free
newspapers or news channels to the population?
How is a Net connection any more usable than a free CNN channel? Or
C-SPAN, which is in fact subsidized by the cable companies?
If we decide that the government needs a subsidized channel or network
to make avaiable its laws, its debate, its position, then we have just
created a publically-funded propaganda channel for them.
(Earlier, I took a position that making government docs available by
ftp, gopher, WWW, etc., would be a good thing. I still do, but I worry
that the channels would just be platforms for government bureaucrats
to pitch their policies and plans. I have no doubt that when the
commercial networks are reluctant to carry speeches and press
conferences by Clinton, that he'd really like to have subsidized
channels that _had_ to carry him. Of course, few would watch, but
that's another topic.)
So, if we need a National Information Infractructure, why not the same
thing for newspapers, television, radio, etc.? Why not guarantee
everyone a daily newspaper? After all, they need to be informed.
(I don't want to drift into sarcasm about this, as I think Mike Godwin
and others are making serious points. But bear in mind that the
purported needs for communicating with the public are often the
justification for "State Radio" and for the UNESCO-sponsored proposals
to restrict the "private press" in many countries. Put it this way, do
you really want President Robertson or President Perot to have his won
subsidized channels of communication? Perot can of course _buy_ a
couple of networks, but that's not the same as an official network.)
CNN, the Clinton News Network.
--Tim May
P.S. I cancelled my entire cable t.v. subscription several weeks back.
Too much shit, too little quality, too confusing a monthly bill. I
have a sneaking feeling we're going to have about 500 channels soon,
with a couple of hundred of them available cheaply enough.

@_date: 1993-11-09 18:49:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Gatewaying to Netcom fixed.... 
The gatewaying of the List to Netcom has apparently been fixed, or
soon will be. The message below describes what happened.
This still does not explain the similar situations which others
reported (unless they were just reporting purely local gatewaying).

@_date: 1993-11-09 20:48:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Are we gatewayed to Usenet? 
Some Dark thoughts:
Some very good points.
Eric reports that there are more than 550 subscribers. No doubt many
will drop off, for a variety of reasons, but the number seems to be
consistently edging higher.
We can think of conflicting goals for the membership:
* as many people as possible, to help spread the word, to get local
groups formed, etc.
* more selective, more elitist.
Which is preferable? At what point does a group like ours get so
extended, so large, that all sense of community is lost and we're just
each doing our own thing?
Hard questions to answer, so we'll probably just continue on as we
are. --Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-10 10:59:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Big Mother can't protect our privacy 
Simple solution: If you don't want to take the MMPI test (*), don't
work for that company. (* MMPI is the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Index test, which
sounds like the test described here. It has a couple of thousand of
these questions. Without defending the analytical powers of this test,
let me say that the intent is psychological, not political. The
famoous questions about believing in God, having homosexual
experiences, washing one's hands, and so on, are devised by shrinks,
not designed to ferret out atheists and homos. The MMPI has been in
wide use since the 1950s, though it's use is declining as people file
lawsuits over it.)
I can understand Alan's stridency, but if for whatever reason I ask a
potential employee to take a test--call it Tim's Multiphasic
Personality Index, the TMPI--does he really want me thrown in jail?
That's what saying that this "should be illegal" generally implies.
Most Cypherpunks I know would rather just demonstrate their competency
and tell the potential employer to screw themselves. Not surprisingly,
most employers will then get the message and drop such tests.
(The MMPI, designed in the conformist 50s and only occasionally
updated since, is a pretty crummy test of talent or ambition, in my
unprofessional opinion. A girlfriend who was an MFCC (Marriage,
Family, and Child Counselor, a shrink) agree it was flawed.)
All I'm saying is that interfering with my practices or with those of
others, to make certain things illegal, is not what most Cypherpunks
are after. Sorry if this is political, but Cypherpunks should not be looking for
laws and regulations to protect someone's idea of privacy.
In Britain, in case there are some of you out there who haven't heard
about this, they got concerned about corporations compiling records on
people. Sounds like a valid concern, right? Well, the result was the
Data Privacy Act (or somesuch), which outlaws such records unless the
compiler notifies _all_ of the targets _and the government_.
The result is that anyone who saves computer files--like this list,
which of course contains e-mail addresses of hundreds of people--is
technically in violation of the law. Companies are finding it tough to
go about their business. And so on.
Cypherpunks protect their own privacy, they don't depend on Big Mother
to do it for them.

@_date: 1993-11-10 11:23:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NII and the Need for XXX-rated Porn 
Now that I have your attention...
(Warning: This post discusses hard-core XXX-rated material of no
socially redeeming value. Transmission on the National Information
Infratructure is thus forbidden. Do so at the risk of asset forfeiture.)
I might, if there was a market in alt.binaries.pictures.....
Just kidding, Mike!
Seriously, Mike's comments about cable being a "vaster wasteland" (a
nice EFF paraphrase of the famous FCC Commissioner's comments in the
60s), is important.
I dropped my cable because paying $55 a month for a bunch of crap was
getting to be too much. Let me be very blunt: I would certainly resume my cable if certain
"interesting" channels could be provided. X-rated, as just one
example. A telling situation: Why are X-rated movies (I mean X-rated, as you
find in video rental places, not the soft-core stuff that "Playboy"
and "Spice" offer) not offered? A combination of FCC rules (for
broadcast throught the air and--maybe--for cablecast, but I'm not sure
what sway the FCC has over cable) and various lawsuits.
A couple of years ago the _satellite_ channel, "American XXXcstacy,"
or somesuch (I never got it and only read about the cases), was knocked
off the air by prosecutions or threats of prosecutions in certain
Bible Belt areas. (There are many issues we could discuss here: "forum
shopping," selective prosecution, RICO laws, etc.)
Does anyone expect the NII will offer hard-core porn on its networks? Just one example.
I don't know what the solution is, except that I'm naturally skeptical
about the government having _anything_ to do with it. (I've read the
CPSR pitch on NII and it scares the crap out of me. I've read the NII
articles in "Whole Earth Review" and elsewhere and I have the same
reaction. I've read the Open Platform proposal from EFF and find it
better, but still overly oriented toward government solutions.
Finally, I'm still trying to dig out the NII docs themselves, the ones
Tom Kalil has pointed us to.)
The link to Cypherpunks is clear: most of us are opposed to Big Mother
choosing what we read, watch, or talk about. Strong crypto makes this
bypassing of Big Mother and Big Brother possible.
Strong crypto fundamentally collides with many of the stated public
policy goals surrounding the National Information Infrastructure.
Which do we want to win?
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-11 10:19:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Netcom adds access in Denver area 
Cyphertentacles and Extropiates,
Here's a convenient list of the latest Netcom sites, which span the U.S.
I've been happily using it (well, they changed to a new emacs
yesterday and now my autowrap doesn't work....I hate having to spend a
couple of hours on such a trivial matter) for a year and a half and I
conservatively estimate I've influenced at least 30 people to sign up
for it....too bad I don't get any usage credits for it.
The best things about it: flat monthly fee ($17.50), unlimited connect
time, full range of services (much better than most universities have,
folks tell me), and--best of all--your Netcom account won't change
when you change jobs! And posting with Netcom presumably won't run the
risk of angering your employer.
I'm thrilled that Netcom is expanding so rapidly. Newsgroups: netcom.general,co.general,ba.internet,alt.internet.access.wanted
NETCOM On-line Communication Services, Incorporated is pleased to announce
the expansion of the NETCOM backbone into the Denver, CO metropolitan
area.  To reach the service, using a VT100 terminal emulator dial
303-758-0101 with your modem set to 8,1,N, and hardware flow control. Denver's new Point of Presence (POP) joins our nationwide backbone in
supporting a full range of network services including:       o  Internet Connections (T1 & 56kb, dedicated and dialup)       o  News/Mail feeds with Domain service
      o  Business Dial-up access (news / mail / ftp / telnet / shell)
      o  Host dial access (International and National News, news / mail / ftp / telnet / shell)
      o  Personal Network (SLIP or PPP) Connections (PNC)       o  FrameConnect Internet Services
NETCOM can be your gateway to economical global communications.  A
connection to the NETCOM state-of-the-art network will deliver
connectivity at very affordable prices.  NETCOM offers Internet
connections, news feeds, electronic mail, local access points throughout
the United States, source archives, telecommunications consulting,
discounts on purchases of communication equipment, and other services. NETCOM offers a guest account to provide more information about its
services. To access the guest account via your modem and personal
computer, dial a local access number from the list below.  After you
connect, at the Login: prompt, type "guest".  You need not type in a
password.  Remember, you must use lower case letters. If you prefer, you
can also log in via telnet to netcom.netcom.com or to the IP address of
192.100.81.100.  Here are a few of the local access 1200/2400/9600
V.32/V.42 numbers:                  VOICE:        (408) 554-8649
                   FAX:        (408) 241-9145
  Local Access Numbers:        (800) 488-2558
- info at netcom.com (408) 554-8649  NETCOM On-line Communication Services, Inc.

@_date: 1993-11-11 20:23:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Politics on the List? 
As you all may have noticed, I discuss political issues here on the
List when I think the topic is appropriate. I notice others do as
Yes, some folks complain when non-technical stuff comes up, when the
discussion moves away from Mersenne primes and thermite bombs. Yes,
the mantra of "Cypherpunks write code" is oft-repeated.
Of course, I notice that very few of us are writing any code these
days. Some of the remailer wizards are still revising their code, and
a few C-punks are trying to implement DC-Nets in code. But the vast
majority of the 500+ folks on this List are either not writing crypto
code, or are keeping silent about it.
The intent of the "Cypherpunks write code" line, if I can venture a
motivation (it was of course Eric's line), is that we are more
interested in seeing the Brave New Crypto World happen than in just
jawboning about export laws, the Zimmmermann case, and whether
libertarians are right and socialists are wrong.
Some of us are socialists, some are anarcho-capitalists, some of us
are Trotskyites, and so on. So what else is new?
The kind of political rancor we have largely been successful in
avoiding is the traditional libertarian vs. everyone else debate that
afflicts so many other groups. I am pleasantly surprised by this.
Crypto has massive implications, for so many areas: privacy, taxation,
national borders, data havens, export laws, redistribution of income,
and on and on.
Cypherpunks should write code, if they can, but in any case they ought
to have some idea of where they're going.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-12 08:39:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Politics on the List? 
The point of my last article was exactly this, that I drift "off
topic" all the time. Far from "pulling rank" and limiting the topics
(how could this be done? Eric has only twice, that I recall, called
for a halt in some especially unproductive topic, one that Perry and I
were involved in, ironically).
It is true that we see messages of the form "Let's not waste time on
topic foo, let's stick to our charter bar. Cypherpunks write code."
I try to avoid this form, as my interests are all over the map. The
political, legal, and economic issues surrounding crypto seem to me to
be fair game for this list. More basic debates about the validity of
taxation, the abortion/antiabortion debate, and religious arguments
about Christians vs. pagans (or whatever) seem generally unfruitful
and probably would be a waste of list bandwidth.
(Which doesn't mean, I think, that they shouldn't come up now and
again. It's just that back-and-forth arguments that are nothing more
than restatements of initial postions are pointless.)
On a more recent topic, the NII, I have several things to say that
connect with this thread.
First, I dropped out of the debate with Godwin and Perry and others
when it seemed to reach a point of repeating initial positions.
Second, I now have all three major NII position papers (Kalil's NII
docs, the EFF Open Platform paper, and the CPSR position paper) and am
rereading them with a more analytical eye, trying to figure out what
the _real datahighway_ is intended to be....it's not at all clear.
Third, the NII could have profound implications for crypto. For
example, suppose the various law enforcement and business regulation
goals (NII will be a business infrastructure, too) are used to limit
strong crypto? Perhaps data packets will have to be tagged,
analogously to license plates and to business licenses (have to be
able to trace packets to ensure NII laws are complied with, that the
originator has hired sufficient numbers of persons of color, and so
(I can construct many plausible worries, and will do so in a longer
So, I don't use the "Cypherpunks write code" mantra as anything more
than a kind of ideal goal. Let a thousand flowers bloom.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-12 10:13:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Invention and Digital Timestamping 
As it now set up (cf. Haber and Stornetta), only a partial solution.
The costs of digital timestamping are so low as to allow many
variations of a hypothetical invention to be digitally timestamped.
Thus, an inventor can later selectively disclose only the variations
on an idea which turn out out to work. The "brilliant penny" scam in
investments (which is: claim a penny can predict the stock market up
or down for the next 10 days...store the 1024 "predictions" and then
only open the envelope or whatever for the "winner." Then sell the
brilliant penny to a gullible fool.).
Certainly cheap digital timestamping is good for many applications.
But for others, one can imagine higher prices, such as $5 to register
an idea. This heads off certain kinds of "flooding."
(Same solution, by the way, for the problem often raised of people
trying to "guess" passwords or keys: charge a nominal fee and this is
no barrier to the actual owner but a huge barrier to random guessers.)
The timestamping service can still "collude" in a way by offering
discounts to its friends.
Scott Stornetta, currently of Bellcore, and co-inventor of the
timestamping protocol discussed here, is spinning-off the ideas into a
company. To be located in the Bay Area, not New Jersey.
Crypto-savvy Cypherpunks in the Bay Area who want to work in this area
might keep this in mind.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-12 16:34:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CPSR cypherpunks archive 
That _appears_ to just be a mirror of the soda.berkeley.edu site, that
is, a buch of files, programs, rants, intros, etc.
I could find no evidence of posts to the list being archived there.
Again, the issue is not that the List be hidden, or secret....it
obviously is fairly well-known by now.
The issue is that of mailing list vs. newsgroup. Local gateways into a
newsgroup format are much different than, say, "alt.cypherpunks"
appearing around the world. Some would like this, some would not, but
no one can say things would be the same if this came to pass.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-15 10:36:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: LD Admits he is S.Boxx (oops!) 
The S. Boxx = LD correlation has been obvious for several weeks. In
one notable case, S. Boxx quoted directly from private mail that had
been sent by Eric Hughes to L.D.
When confronted by this, L.D. waffled a bit and then mumbled something
about "of course cooperating with my colleague S. Boxx." For the next
several days he was careful to make casual references to "my
As someone else told me, L.D. is a true casualty. I'm trying to avoid discussing his situation on the List. The whole
matter has probably already driven people off the List, and more folks
may be on the verge. They joined the List to talk about the stuff we
are supposed to be discussing, and instead they get a dozen rants a
day from Detweiler and as many followups flaming him.
ObCrytp Note: Just got the English translation in paperback of the
Japanese-published "Encyclopedic Dictionary of Mathematics," a large
2-volume set with detailed articles on many branches of math. If the
math talked about in crypto is sometimes obscure to you, check this
out. The cost is $59, a real bargain these days.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-15 12:04:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: EDM--Encyclopedic Dictionary of Mathematics 
I've gotten a few requests already for info on the book I mentioned. I usually avoid giving ISBN numbers for folks to order a book sight
unseen--if they're going to spend $50-70 for a book, they at least
ought to flip through it in person and see if they really want it.
(Sidenote: Must be the electronic age...often when I mention a paper
on something, I get notes asking me where it's available online! I
admire these Net-dwellers (no relation to Detweiler!), but the fact is
that most of the good stuff is only in print. The reasons are many.)
Anyway, here's the EDM info:
For $59, a real bargain. But if you don't have a fairly good crypto
library (Schneier, especially, and perhaps Denning, Salomaa, Brassard,
Simmons, etc.), then you'd probably do better to get some of them

@_date: 1993-11-15 14:50:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: DC-Nets 
Jim McCoy has asked me about the DC-Nets references I have cited. Here
they are. The seminal Chaum articles are not cited--the main one has
been posted to this List more than once.
Clearly the Eurocrypt '89 book is the one to get. If your library does
not carry it, Springer-Verlag (1-800-SPRINGE) can ship it (and please
don't write to me asking for the ISBN!). Also, "Computer Literacy
Bookstore" in Sunnyvale (408 area code) usually has a bunch of these
Proceedings in various years and can also ship.
Disruption is the main problem addressed in these papers. Given the
malicious disruption we've seen on our List lately, it is of course a
very real problem. Even more so if and when DC-Nets get deployed and
some agents/entities seek to automate the disruption process (a likely
prospect, given the way they work).
A reminder to you all, even though I am not myself working on DC-Nets
(trying to program them in Mathematica is pointless, I think), that
there are several groups currently interested in DC-Nets:
* Jim McCoy and the Austing group (I think they run the DC-Net mailing
list...I'm on too many mailing lists, so I skipped this one)
* Henry Strickland (Strick) is interested, has plans, and is putting
together his crypto toolkit in TCL.
* Yanek Martinson, of whom little has been hear lately, was once hot
on doing this, and even got a basic DC-Net running. Anyway, here are some important references:
- J. N. E. Bos and H den Boer, "Detecting Disrupters in the DC
Protocol," Eurocrypt '89, pp. 320327.
- M. Waidner and B. Pfitzmann. "The Dining Cryptographers in the
Disco," Eurocrypt '89, p. 690.
- A. Pfitzmann and M. Waidner, "Networks without User Observability,"
Computers and Security 6 (No 2, April 1987), pp. 158-166.
- B. Pfitzmann and A. Pfitzmann, "How to Break the Direct
RSA-Implementation of Mixes," Eurocrypt '89, pp. 373-381.
(In case you're curious, the Pfitzmanns are husband and wife.)
- J. N. E. Bos, "Disruption and Synchronization in Untraceable
Sending," in "Practical Privacy," the 1992 Ph.D. thesis of Bos.
Technische Universiteit Eindhoven (Netherlands).
(This little book is not published, in purchasable form. The relevant
chapter was included in the Xeroxed handout at the first Cypherpunks
meeting. You might be able to get the book by contacting Eindhoven

@_date: 1993-11-15 15:44:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: My last words on Larry Detweiler 
David Kovar had higher hopes:
It's unfortunate that many people think others must write interesting
articles for them. I don't want to pick on David, but his comments
underscore the problem. If people want interesting stuff, they need to write it! In looking
over my archives, I only found two (2) past messages from David Kovar,
one here about creating false electronic identities and one on
Extropians about he Panix system and its management. (I may have not
saved all of David's posts...if so, I apologize for any
mischaracterization of his contributions.)
As to the flames, I'm as unhappy about it as David is. But what to do
about it? I haven't called for Detweiler to be censored, though I did
take the precaution of nofifying Dewtweiler's postmaster--the first
time I've ever done this--after recieving numerous threatening
messages ("You will be hung by the neck until dead and then sent to
Hell.") and an explicit statement from him that he intended to
continue harassing Eric Hughes and me until we recanted or begged
forgivness or somesuch nonsense.
For more than a month I ignored his public comments and didn't respond
at all to his private letters to me (threats, foamings,
manic-depresssive mood swings....he even tried to enlist my support in
his battle against Hughes...this after calling for my execution just
days earlier!). This didn't work.
It's too bad this is disrupting the list. But, to be blunt, I consider
all the fatuous "why can you just get along?" comments to be equally
disruptive. Several people, notably Hal Finney, Doug Barnes, others,
have stepped into the breach to try to cool Larry's fevered
imagination--for their troubles they were declared to be Tentacles of
the Medusa. Part of the Dark Side of the Force, as Larry sees things.
Detweiler recently sent me e-mail cackling about how proud I must be
of my latest Nym Tentacle, a certain Hal Finney. I guess I'm honored.
Don't know about Hal, though.
What more can I say? I never called for Detweiler to be kicked off,
and I've tried to limit my comments about him to a couple of
explanatory posts.
(I have to struggle with my Neo-Calvinist urges. To a Neo-Calvinist,
ignorance is its own punishment...if people believe false ideas, then
Reality will punish them. "Think of it as evolution in action." Thus,
when Detweiler makes outrageous remarks, those who believe him are
choosing their own punishment. Normally, I thus see no reason to "set
the record straight." I did, however, a while back when many follow-up
posts to Detweiler's began to take his "pseudospoofing" as a fact of
the list, as a starting point. This misapprehension of reality seemed
to be taking on a life of its own, so I wrote a long piece on the
Detweiler matter.)
I intend for this to be my last word on the subject, unless some major
and different kind of information comes to light.
Clearly he is succeeding in pressing a lot of buttons.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-17 00:04:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ANARCHY: The Coming Crypto Phase Change (fwd) 
Cypherpunk friends,
Here's a piece I just did for the Extropians mailing list, arguing for
a kind of "crypto phase change."
Yes, it's political, but in a way that I sense some list members are
eager to hear about. We rarely discuss the long term implications of
strong crypto, digital money, remailers, etc., these days. These
topics got pretty thoroughly aired a year or so ago when the list was
young, and the message is of course made clearly in some of the
"rants" (Eric's term, but in light of the "True Rants" we've been
seeing lately, I think the term is misleading).
Anyway, I won't apologize further. You can always delete this.
Forwarded message:
I want to elaborate on some comments I made earlier about anarchy and
crypto-anarchy and tie them to the "Oceania" ocean colonization thread.
The "crypto phase change" is the transition to wide use of private
communications to conduct business, to arrange deals, to meet other
people, and so on. I contrast it with the idea of a "singularity," so
often associated with nanotechnology (cf. Vinge, Stiegler, et. al.),
because nothing is ever truly a "singularity." Discontinuities, yes.
Phase changes, yes. Singularities, in the sense of infinite spikes,
Crypto and related cyberspace methods have the potential for causing a
fairly rapid transition to a new sort of society. Just as printing
presses did. Just as radio, television, and new media did.
And this phase change could involve--likely _will_ involve--many
people, perhaps the majority of the population in America and Europe,
at the least.
Some scenarios:
- people hear about widespread tax evasion by crypto-anarchists, and
they get interested (for various reasons, including jealousy, anger,
greed, desire for freedom). "Crypto lasing."
- consultants discover they can consult on projects from other
countries, from jurisdictions that might ban their invovlement if they
knew about it, and so on.
- the "permanent tourists" in the world-spanning economy.
- black markets in credit information, dossiers, insurance fraud
cases, medical malpractice, etc. A simple example that will reach many people: You're thinking of
hiring a lawyer. Under U.S. law, records of "bad lawyers" are hard for
outsiders to keep, to gain access to, etc.  The Bar Associations,
like the American Medical Association, like other officially
sanctioned "guilds," prefers to keep outsiders in the dark. So what
happens when "Reputations R Us" sets up shop in cypherspace--or, more
mundanely, on an island in the Caribbean that has no such laws? What
happens when for the price of an offshore phone call or Net query the
parochial and paternalistic U.S. laws can be trivially bypassed? It'll
be a whole new world.
Ditto for gambling, escrow services to hold money (think of the
reduction in violence when "reputable" digital banks will hold the
drugs _and_ the money), information markets, private investigation
services, rent deadbeat records, and credit records that include _all_
creditor information (not just the last 7 years, and not just the
"allowable" items...how dare anyone infringe my right to take into
account records more than 7 years old?!).
(For those worried about tracing the calls, about sting operations,
etc., that's where digital mixes (remailers) come in and where prepaid
"coupons" ("The holder of this number is entitled to one database
query") come in. Even short of full-blown Chaumian digital money, a
lot can be done. Prepaid digital coupons, or digital postage of a
sort, can be used to make these off-shore--or in cypherspace, a la the
"BlackNet" demonstration I did a few months back, and written about in
"Wired"--markets liquid and profitable.)
Like a seed crystal dropped in a supersaturated solution, crypto could
trigger a phase change of immmense proportions. (The metaphor is
slightly awkward, as I see the crypto phase change _increasing_ the
number of degrees of freedom, as in the transition from a solid to a
liquid to a gas.)
The "Oceania" project, in contrast, tends _not_ to produce this kind
of phase change. Joe Nextdoor may eventually start using data havens
and crypto tax evasion schemes, but he's not at all likely to
volunteer to man the oars on a floating barge.
(I don't mean to defame the Oceania project. Just my sense of humor.)
Ocean-going colonies have not appeared, even by corporations and
states, for whatever reasons, so the onus is on the oceanauts to
explain just what is out there that is so valuable (that can't be done
by ordinary boats and ships that fish, mine for manganese nodules, do
oceanographic research, etc.).
Merely seeking freedom is probably not enough. Gambling, prostitution,
and easy access to drugs and other hedonistic delights may be enough,
but I've seen nothing to indicate this type of "Love Boat" is being
planned. Just the dreamy ideas about self-sufficiency. A commune by
another name. A floating "Hog Farm," with anarchocapitalist ideology
replacing Thoreau and Marx.
In any case, Oceania-type projects, even if moderately successful (and
not just the rusting pontoons I predicted in an earlier posting), are
very unlikely to trigger a phase change such as the one I see for crypto.
This is why I am currently placing my faith in strong crypto and am so
active in the Cypherpunks group. That's one place where the Revolution
_will_ be televised.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-17 14:16:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Mega-Bond Scandal 
At the October meeting of the Bay Area branch of the Cypherpunks I
described a massive bond scandal involving the fraudulent recycling of
tens of billions of dollars of bonds, possibly more than $100 billion
Here's an article with some details for the rest of you. I pulled it
off alt.conspiracy, always an entertaining group. (One post even cited
evidence the Mafia sold the bad bonds to Russia and Eastern Europe for
use as collateral on loans from the West. Indeed, it looks like these
bad bonds are mostly sitting in vaults as collateral. If so, some huge
defaults could be coming.)
Some links to crypto and our group:
- fraud exists with paper-based systems, too (some have criticized
digital money--reasonably so, I think--on the grounds that it had
better be _very_ secure and very solidly debugged before release)
- digital signatures on bonds could head off future repeats of this
sort of situation
I've edited the poster's introductory speculations.
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
Distribution: world
Organization: CRS Online  (Toronto, Ontario)
    By Jennifer Gould
    SPECIAL TO THE STAR
   At least $150 billion in "cancelled" bonds and
stock certificates have been lost or stolen in
a massive fraud, which involves five major
American banks and could threaten the stability
of some Eastern European and ex-Soviet republics,
investigators say.
   It's the biggest international banking fraud in
history, masterminded by Italy's Mafia and carried
out with the co-operation of a worldwide Russian
mafia network headquartered in Vienna, said one
private investigator.
  To put the scam in perspective, the total equals
almost one-third of Canada's gross domestic product
for 1992 - and it's more than three times larger
than Canada's deficit.
   Private investigators hired by the Russian
government have been in Toronto for the past six
weeks hunting for stolen Russian bonds, which are
linked to the international fraud, sources say.
  And a German member of parliament was recently in
the United States to launch another investigation
that includes some European aspects of the fraud,
an intelligence source said.
  The bonds are showing up around the globe - from
a drug bust in the United States to an alleged deal
in the former Yugoslavia and, police suspect, in the
hands of a 26-year-old Montrealer.
   European police are trying to track some of the
missing bonds through Interpol, as is the Federal
Bureau of Investigation....
   Most of the North American securities in the scam
are corporate bonds that were supposed to have been
cancelled in the mid-1970s and early 1980s, according
to American court papers filed by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission [SEC].
   The commission fined Citibank $750,000 last year
for mishandling the bonds.
   Bonds are IOUs issued by companies and governments
to raise money. When a bond changes hands in the United
States, the old certificate is supposed to be clearly
cancelled before being destroyed by the bond's transfer
   International criminals pulled off the scam because
some banks held on to old certificates, piling them up
in storage rooms, instead of destroying them while the
banks were switching from paper to computers, said Lani
Lee, an SEC investigator.
   Some of the bonds had holes punched into them, but
when they surfaced later the punch marks - often in the
shape of the bank's initials or name - were taken merely
as endorsement signs by other banks, Lee said, adding
that other bonds weren't marked at all.
   By the mid-1980s, five American banks had contracted
paper recycling companies to destroy the supposedly
useless bonds.
   But those companies - or a single corrupt
company, as at least one investigator believes
- never did this. And defying standard practice,
the banks didn't send their own officials to
witness the bonds' destruction.
  Victims may not realize
  that they have been scammed
  until after the year 2000
    An SEC investigation revealed that MSM Corp.,
a paper recycling company, was hired by Citibank
to destroy at least $111 billion [U.S.] in
securities, stacked up in about 3,500 boxes.
    It now appears that MSM was a Mafia-linked
operation with nothing more than a trailer parked
on the Jersey Citg waterfront, according to an
SEC document that quotes Citibank's own
   The SEC fined Citibank, the largest
commercial bank in the U.S., in December, 1992,
after it did not notify regulators "on a timely
basis" once the cancelled bonds started
resurfacing and for not taking proper steps
initially to ensure the securities'
destruction, according to court papers filed by
the commission.
   The U.S. treasury department had censured
Citibank in June, 1992, saying it had failed to
safeguard the cancelled securities and failed "to
make required reports of potential thefts or
losses of securities to authorities."
    The department's Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency issued a 19-page report, criticizing
Citibank for not inspecting MSM, not witnessing
the bonds'destruction and not adequately cancelling
the securities.
    The bank also permitted "an undetermined, yet
significant" number of securities to survive the
cancellation process without any marks at all, the
report said.
    A senior official at another bank confirmed
that his bank and three others lost billions of
dollars worth of bonds the same way. It appears that
all five banks used companies controlled by MSM, says
one investigator.
    By the time the bonds started resurfacing, MSM
was shut down and its owner, Anthony "Buddy" Iazetti,
was dead. He apparently suffered a fatal heart
attack in 1989, the FBI says.
     It's believed the bonds were smuggled into
Canada, shipped from the Port of Montreal to
Palermo, Sicily, and then passed to unwitting -
or crooked - European bankers.
    Some banks in Eastern Europe and the former
Soviet Union were founded on loans that used the
dirty bonds as collateral, said one private
    Police say improperly cancelled North American
bonds have so far surfaced in 16 countries - Britain,
France, Italy, Germany, Austria, Switzerland,
Liechtenstein, Spain, Luxembourg, The Netherlands,
Canada, the United States, Belgium, Hungary,
Poland and the former Yugoslavia.
  Financial institutions that have dished out loans
to banks that have used the bonds as collateral may
not realize they've been scammed for years, since
many of the bonds don't come due until the next
   By then, many of the fraud artists may be
either difficult-to-trace pensioners or dead,
of natural causes or otherwise, investigators
   The puzzling part is how long the scandal
took to unfold.
   Cancelled certificates, where Citibank was
the transfer agent, began showing up in March,
1987. Although the bonds continued to surface,
it took 4 1/2 years - until Oct. 28, 1991 -
before the bank reported all of the securities
sent to MSM. And this occurred only after a
request by U.S. authorities, said Joe Goldstein,
associate director of the SEC's enforcement
    Citibank paid the fine in December, 1992,
without "admitting or denying the allegations or
findings," according to a bank news release at
the time.
    An internal Citibank investigation concluded
that no bank official did anything wrong, said
Amy Dates, a Citibank spokesperson.
    "We decided to pay to basically put this behind
us",Dates told the Star.
    At least one U.S. government investigator has
said this is exactly what Washington wants - because
to go further into the investigation could have
"drastic" consequences for the banking and political
systems of some countries, particularly fledgling
    But Alan Block, a professor of the administration
of justice at Pennsylvania State University and noted
expert on the Mafia's ties to the garbage and recycling
industries, is calling for a full-fledged inquiry.
   "I get the feeling that the government doesn't want
to embarrass the banks," Block said. "It might have
serious geopolitical repercussions, and the banks may
have to bear the responsibility down the line."
    Juval Aviv, a New York private investigator working
on the fraud for a client he doesn't wish to name, said:
"This has the potential to shake the economy of the
Eastern bloc. The ramifications are tremendous. If
Congress and the public finds out, this could become
a major scandal.
"The American government is aware, but this is
being kept a big secret because they're afraid
to shake (Russian President Boris) Yeltsin's
banking apparatus and to scare investors in
other countries," he added.
    Citibank maintains that the bonds were
cancelled, even if they weren't destroyed,
and it was thus the responsibility of other
financial institutions to verify that the bonds
were still valid, Dates said.
    To this day, the face value of the missing
bonds and stocks - from Citibank and other
banks - has not been reported to the Securities
Exchange Commission's data base for lost and
stolen securities.
    According to the data base, only $20.1
billion in securities were reported lost and
stolen in 1991. That's the most recent, readily
available statistic, said Ester Saverson, special
counsel to the SEC.
    Dates of Citibank said: "We didn't report the
(face value of the) bonds because they were
cancelled and had no financial value."
    But Goldstein of the SEC said: "The value is
listed as zero, but our problem is that you can
have a certificate in circulation with no ouward
indication that it has been cancelled."
    Publicly, only two banks have been named in
the scandal: Citibank, which has stated that $111
billion worth of corporate securities it sent to be
destroyed are now missing, and the Chase Manhattan
Bank which has not been fined or publicly
reprimanded by any regulatory agency.
    Chase Manhattan has so far confiscated $7.5
million worth of bonds, part of a $100 million
batch that it sent to an outside company for
destruction, a bank spokesperson said.
    The bank's name surfaced in connection with
the only American court case in which someone was
convicted for trying to peddle the dirty bonds.
    Roman Abegg, a 57-year-old Swiss lawyer, was
caught tgng to peddle $763,200 worth of stolen bonds
to the Miners National Bank in Pottsville, Pa., to
use as collateral for a $465,000 loan in January,
1992, according to court documents obtained by The
    Citibank [known earlier as First National City
Bank], acted as transfer agent for most of the bonds
that wound up in Abeggs hands. Citibank, which
arranges for transfer of ownership, obtained them in
the 1970s and early 1980s.
    However, Chase Manhattan was the transfer agent
for some bonds Abegg possessed, said a spokesperson
for that bank.
   The bonds were held by both Citibank and Chase
Manattan until the mid-1980s, when they were sent out
for destruction and began their illegal trek across
the ocean and back.
                    - o O o -
Well, there you are, happy people. Don't think you're
going to see to much of *this* in the U.S. papers -
unless, that is, someone were to tip off the SPOTLIGHT!
                      Cheers!
                      John W.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-11-17 20:24:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Encryption: A Testimonial 
Arthur Chandler tells an interesting story:
Also an argument for using stegonography, to obscure the fact that one
has encrypted files. Companies or universities may have simplistic
policies banning encrypion as a matter of policy, for various and
sundry reasons, and may snoop through networked machines looking for
encrypted files (high entropy, characteristic file types, etc.).
Packing those sensitive resumes and job applications in an innocent
photo of the dean may be a good idea.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-18 10:14:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: hohocon 
We believe this happened recently at the Hackers Conference
(surprise!), when Internet access was provided on a machine that was
later found to have been cracked by someone.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-23 11:23:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Comments on NSA (was: "Pyrrhus Cracks RSA?") 
Michael Marotta writes an intruiging political essay, though I have
some corrections/disagreements.
I'll also talk about NSA employment of mathematicians, from the 1950s
on, the founding and funding of Engineering Research Associates, Cray
Research, the Institute for Defense Analysis, and the ultra-secretive
Jasons Group.
Some Cypherpunks (me, at least) are not afraid of the NSA's powerful
computers. We understand that the mathematics of today's algorithms
means the race is always won by the encryptor, not the cryptbreaker.
If a dozen Crays at the Fort can--somehow--factor a 150-digit number,
and thus break a 512-bit RSA key (more or less), then the encryptor
can trivially move to a 1024-bit key....safe for many generations,
even with 10,000 Crays munching away.
Crypto is economics, as Eric Hughes likes to point out (but he's just
one of my many tentacles, so I can freely quote him), and the public
key math favors the encryptor over the would-be cypher breaker to an
incredible extent, with the advantage growing ever-greater as key
lengths increase.
(Work out the math yourself...the advantage lies with the user of
one-way functions...barring unforeseen breakthroughs in factoring, of
which there is no evidence, or the reported proof that P = NP from
Kryptogorodok, the secret city of Russian cryptographers in the Urals.)
As Phil Karn and several others have noted, the weak link is physical
security. Black bag jobs, viruses, etc. For example, my Macs have
"keyboard capture" buffers, as Unix systems often do, that capture and
stores _all_ keyboard entry in files, as an aid to recovering text
entered. Great for writers, but a terrible security hole. (Watch out
for this on Macs or Unix systems you may use!)
These are the real weaknesses. Floppy disks laying around or "lost"
that have one's secret key on them, combined with keyboard capture of
the PGP passphrase. I expect at least some people have already had
their PGP privacy turned into Pretty Crummy Privacy. And not by
brute-force cracking.
Well, some of these things existed in some form prior to WW II, but
many key innovations reached fruition during the war: radar, rocketry,
gyroscopes, etc. Some things were clearly invented _during_ the war:
nuclear reactors, nuclear bombs, computers, etc. And the transistor,
by the way, came after the war (the ordinary Shockley et. al.
transistor at Bell Labs....the 1930s German work on
metal-insulator-semiconductor devices, by Lillienfeld (as I dimly
recall), was not really a precursor--the significance was not
appreciated until decades later).
Maybe. But if factoring is shown to be NP-complete (it hasn't been so
far, though most suspect it), then this future Gauss will truly be a
For many years the NSA hired as consultants some of the brightest
mathemeticians in the world, including Claude Shannon (information
theory), Andrew Gleason (math), E. Berlenkamp (algebraic coding
theory), David Huffman (Huffman codes), Richard Garwin (physics), Luis
Alvarez (physics, later known for the dinosaur extinction work--the
idea that a giant meteor hit the NSA and killed it...just kidding),
John R. Pierce (communications), Hendrik Bode (Bode plots), and so
on.The NSA also funded Seymour Cray at Engineering Research Associates
in the 1950s and even--many people claim--funded Cray Research in the
early 1970s. NSA also was centrally involved in formation of Mitre
Corp., The Institute for Defense Analysis (IDA), and it built and paid
for the "Communications Research Division" building at Princeton
University...linked to what is now the John von Neumann Supercomputer
Center (I may have the exact title wrong).
(Source: Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace," 1982, and discussions with
Brian Snow of the NSA at the 1988 Crypto Conference.)
Yes, the NSA has long had many "tentacles" into academia. What was
probably so shocking to them about the mid-70s breakthroughs in public
key, by Diffie, Hellman, and Merkle, was that (presumably) this was
work done outside their usual network of contract mathematicians. (NSA
has been making noises about how they'd already discovered public key
crypto years before Diffie and Hellman did. This could be face-saving
bragadoccio. Time will tell. Any NSA readers out there are free to
post anonymously to this group or to alt.whistleblowers, or to "sell"
your memoirs on BlackNet.)
Mathematicians have to seek funding from somewhere. For many years,
NSA was a prime source--and may still be. The "SCAMP" program ("Summer
Campus, Advanced Mathematics Program") meets in a special building on
the UCLA campus to discuss items of interest to the Agency, and to
fund mathematicians who attend. Much like the ultra-secret "Jasons"
and their summer work on La Jolla, California.
A fascinating topic. I sure do wish someone would write another book
on the Agency.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-23 15:58:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crays vs <?> 
The "other" side? I don't think the Cypherpunks have _any_ Crays all
for themselves, though some Cypherpunks work in rooms full of Crays
and at least several of them work with networks of many hundreds of
Or by "other" side did you mean the Medellin Cartel and the importers
for illegal and politically incorrect novels?
Surely you didn't mean our new trading partners in Russia?
On a more serious note, strong crypto will allow "foreigners" to send
computing jobs to sites nearly anywhere in the world and have them run
on compute servers. So much for export controls on the physical
(And the "computing with encrypted instances" work of Joan Feigenbaum
and others means in principle that the site doing the computing may
not even be able to tell if they're computing bomb yields or crop
watering schedules.)

@_date: 1993-11-23 16:03:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crays vs <?> 
In my last message I called him "Jason Plonk." This was not meant as
an insult ("*plonk*"), but reflected the fact that once I was in my
editor, I couldn't see his name and I misremembered it.
My friend Perry Metzger has long argued that sigs should not be
present at all in the body of a message, that the header conveys
adequate information.
Well, I disagree, and I always include my name and whatnot in the body
of my messages. Heads off confusion like we just saw.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-24 12:58:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Threats from Detweiler 
I said I wouldn't comment further on Detweiler unless and until something
changed and new information came to light.
Folks, this is the time to really take care of yourself. "The Executioner"
announced the "time's up" and that more drastic measures are about to
occur. "an12070 at anon.penet.fi" is beyond any doubt Larry Detweiler. Many
other folks have posted analyses of why this is so: the use of TeX quotes,
the same vocabulary, the same agenda (against TENTACLES of the MEDUSA), and
even the same arrival times of messages (I get my death threats from S.
Boxx and The Executioner every night around 10 p.m. to midnight, the same
time as Detweiler's rants appear).
I take him seriously. He's deranged. A lot more than just slightly
neurotic, he's transitioned into insanity. His religious rants ("You will
be hung by the neck until dead and then sent to Hell"), his death threats,
his wailings and moanings....not a lot of doubt that he's psychotic.
Me, I'm keeping my guns loaded in case he decides to drive out to
California and end his misery by "cutting off the Tentacles," as he keeps
threatening to do.I consider this unlikely, though. Too far to drive when
he's got closer targets.
The "Colorado Tentacles" should be especially careful, I think. Phil
Zimmermann is currently back on Larry's good side (I quote: "Phil is God"),
but this may not last long. (Hint: Phil Z. was not at all happy with
Larry's rant about Tentacles and his quoting of Phil's comments at that
Colorado talk he gave. If Larry discovers this, as he surely will, Phil may
be back in the boat with the rest of us Spawns of Satan.)
I don't think I'm being alarmist in advising you all to watch out for this guy. P.S. As long as I'm on the subject, let me again say that I'm not sending
Detweiler any messages at all. I don't know if he's really getting
anonymous messages ("pseudospoofers"), but if he is, they're not from me.
And they never have been.
John Gilmore wrote a very reasonable piece, addressing Detweiler's source
of confusion, and has since been flamed and ranted against. Typical.
And now I'll fall silent on this matter until something new happens. I just
hope it isn't a "Texas Tower" sort of violent encounter. If you've got a
gun, now's the time to make sure it's handy. If you don't have a gun,
consider getting one.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-11-27 00:24:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ANOTHER FAVORABLE ARTICLE 
Joe Thomas wrote, responding to Sandy Sandfort's message:
I haven't seen this newsletter myself, though I knew Jim Bennett was
writing up something along these lines. Jim attended our first
physical Cypherpunks meeting, in the fall of 1992, and may even still
be reading this list. (Jim?)
Ironically, Jim was one of the folks who first heard about "crypto
anarchy" in the summer of 1988, at the home of Phil Salin and Gayle
Pergamit. I spoke to a group of around a dozen and got a good
reaction. One of the listeners, Dave Ross, came up with the "anonymous
escrow service," the escrow agent "Esther" who his mutually anonyous
to both Alice and Bob, but who is motivated to be an honest broker by
reason of this anonymity. (Simply, an escrow agent is interested in a
continuing revenue stream set by reputaion...this is why most
businesses "work" even when in most cases they could theoretically
rip-off or "burn" their customers.)
It's gratifying to now see the word spreading. Speaking of which, you
should all be aware that the "Wired" piece on "Crypto Rebels" is
available online from the "infobot" service at "Wired." To retrieve
it, send a message to "infobot at wired.com" and in the _body_ of the
message (which should be otherwise blank) include this line:
GET 1.2/features/crypto-rebels
There is a whole command set, and index of articles, available. I
believe the simple messages HELP and INDEX are the ones you want.
(P.S. I don't think case matters, so HELP or help should both work.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-27 11:09:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Banning any subscriber 
Jim Choate has raised some questions about the nature of the List,
about its privacy, and has said that some of us are trying to scare
Detweiler with phony AIDS test results.
Here are my responses to these questions. I suppose I'd best copy the
Cypherpunks list as well, though there's been too much noise lately
about Detweiler, by Detweiler, and for Detweiler. Oh well.
Personally, I don't support it, and only a few folks have publically called for
it, as is their right in a forum like ours. Their concern is likely
that a single person can in fact bring down a list, can be so
disruptive that the S/N drops to an unacceptable level. A better solution, if the CPU at Toad can handle the extra load, is
the filtering software used now on the Extropians list. Subscribers
can filter out threads they don'e want to see, users, etc. This may be
coming to the Cypherpunks list.
Please note that Eric Hughes never removed L. Dewtweiler from the list
(nor anyone else, so far as I know). In fact, Detweiler requested that
he be unsubscribed. He may or may not be subscribed under another
account name, and, in any case, he seems to see some posts.
And he bombards us every night with his missives.
The list is not "private" in the sense of being a deep, dark secret.
Instructions on how to join are easily available. But most mailing
lists have a different "feel," a different sense of "community," than
mere newsgroups have. Newsgroups encourage casual drop-ins who don't
bother to read the traffic, but who just fire off a few posts and then
are gone; at least with mailing lists it takes some small effort to
get on and off them.
We've had debates every few months about mailing list vs. newsgroup,
and I can't stop this debate from happening again. There are reasons
pro and con to have Cypherpunks a mailing list, and mailing lists
continue to flourish for a variety of reasons.
If a car happens to drive on a public street are all rights to privacy
lost? If a phone call is made and part of the signal path includes a
publically-subsidized link, is all privacy lost? Is your e-mail
subject to inspection by the authorities merely because it passes
through systems they control?
Ultimately, this is why we support encryption and free markets. (Well,
many of us support free markets.) In the meantime, the Electronic
Communication Privacy Act protects e-mail against certain kinds of
seizures. It's not clear (to me) what this means for "quasi-private"
mailing lists, but at least it may provide some legal defense should
government agents cite discussions on this list as evidence of
sedition, treason, conspiracy, etc.
Hold on there, pardner! That post you are referring to was yet another
one of Detweiler's own "an12070" posts! Even if there wasn't
compelling circumstantial evidence--cited by so many people here--that
S. Boxx = The Executioner = Psychopunk = Zen Master = an12070 = L.
Detweiler, then this latest rant would _still_ have the stylistic
earmarks of a put-on.
Read it again, if you can stomach it, and bear this in mind. I hope this helps.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-27 23:49:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Banning any subscriber 
One of my mischievous tentacles developed a mind of its own and
misbehaved. "Eric Hughes" said:  Actually, I disagree. The Extropians list has an "::include" command
that can be used to specifically include only certain thread or
certain users (or any combination). I know for a fact that Dean
Tribble and Paul Baclace are doing an "::exclude all" and then a
selective "::include foo" to include certain threads and/or authors.
I would call this a classic example of a positive reputation system.
I agree. And I suggest the Extropians software is suitable for this.
It even used the Cypherpunks "::" syntax as its model, albeit with the
command on the same line as the "::'. My understanding is that this
software is available for our use--I will cc: Ray Cromwell on this
message to make sure he sees it (Harry Shapiro is still on this list,
I believe).
My main concern would be that the CPU demands on toad are too much.
Ray C. and Harry S. can tell us how many CPU seconds are needed to
process the Perl commands needed to filter; on a list with 500+
subscribers, some pressing needs to filter out a couple of addresses,
and an old machine (toad), I worry.
--Tim May, who generally finds it faster to hit "D" than to filter
(and, ironically, I keep all of the Detweiler/Pervert/S. Boxx/etc.
posts, both for archival value and because it's stuff I'll want to
reread in future years and perhaps use in a book I may write).

@_date: 1993-11-28 00:35:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Pretty Good Paranoia" and "Dining Detweilers Net" 
Pseudospoofer Wannabees, Are you unable to pseudospoof the way The Pervert can? Do you find
yourself using your True Name instead of a wonderful nym like The
Executioner or Psychopunk?
Well, now there's hope. After buying our product, "Pretty Good
Paranoia," you too will be able to indulge in florid flights of
fracturous fantasy, constructing long, rambling missive like this:
"My tortured and WRACKED soul is becoming INCREASINGLY MADDENED AND
DISGUSTED by the unspeakable actions of the leading SickoPunks in
beaming RADIO SIGNALS into my cranial cavities while I dream of
slaying Miss Medusa and her TENTACLES of depravity and cyberspatial
Yes, you can _own_ the computer program that generated this stupendous
piece of prose. Fool your friends, amaze your enemies. Send 620 digital marks to "Paranoids 'R Us," Box 666, Boulder, CO,
12070. Offer not good in Sector R.
As a special bonus you'll all receive instructions on how to implement
your own "DD-Net." Based loosely on David Chaum's DC-Net, in the
"Dining Detweiler Net" each player flips a coin. Heads, he barfs on
his neighbor to the right, tails, he just sits there and drools.
A great time will be had by all. Not.
--Klaus! von Future Prime
(My nom de humor on the Extropians list.)

@_date: 1993-11-29 10:57:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Anarchy, the Government, and the National Information Infrastructure 
In this essay, quickly written, I'll address some points raised about
the government and its "willingness" to let strong crypto and crypto
anarchy develop, and how the Data Superhighway will require all data
packets to have "license plates" on them (my biggest speculative
We're in an arms race, us versus them, and I think the government as
we know it will ultimately lose.
You mean, how likely is that the government will allow a system that
makes taxation almost impossible, that enables black markets, that
facillitates the transfer of illegal information, and that basically
nukes the present arrangement?
I don't think they'll "allow" it. But this doesn't mean it won't happen.
I can write more after I shut these babies up...maybe it's time to
just sell a few or recycle my stock. My new babytender, a nice young
girl named Polly Klaas I picked up a while back, is working out well, though.
(This was politically incorrect humor, outlawed on the Data Highway in
1997. As President Hilary put it: "That's not funny!")
The "crypto crackdown" Mike is alluding to is one that has be
predicted for a long time. We are indeed in an "arms race": both sides
are racing to cut the other off. Strong crytography means government can no longer do its thing, at
least not has it's accustomed to. Strong crypto means untraceable
payments, secure phone lines, information markets in what are now
military and corporate secrets, liquid markets in illegal services,
and of course a nearly total collapse in taxation abilities.
On taxation, it is certainly clear that many folks will still be
"visible" and will be taxed as heavily as other--I don't want to imply
that the guy who works for Lockheed or behind the counter at Safeway
is somehow going to be liberated from paying taxes by the onset of
crypto anarchy.
No, the effect will be more of an erosion of _support_ for taxation,
as word spreads that many consultants, writers, information sellers,
and the like are sheltering much of their income via use of networks
and strong crypto.  The tax system is already shaky--$5 trillion
national debt, growing every year--and it may not take much of a push
to trigger a "phase change," a tax revolt.
This "crypto phase change" (a term I prefer to the term "Singularity,"
so beloved by the nanotechnology folks) is what I see coming. Whether
the government can crack down first is the fly in the ointment.
Note that the way strong crypto works means a successful crackdown
could only come as the result of strong police state policies. That
is, outlawing of unapproved encryption, on demand inspection of all
data packets, strict regulation of across-the-border
telecommunications, an end to the Internet as we know it today, and
strict penalties merely for "conspiring" to use strong crypto. Eric
Hughes' "Use a random number, go to jail" line is not so far from the
I oppose the government's plan for a "data superhighway" for two main
reasons. First, there's no need and the free market is already giving
us a multiplicity of lines, channels, satellites, etc. Anarchic
development can produce a more robust system, actually. Second, I fear
the involvement of government. Already the NII proposal is talking
about the nice things it needs to ensure fair access, a
nondiscriminatory system, and so on. These "nice" things also imply
government restrictions on content. But I'll save this for another
Imagine this: to get on the Data Superhighway, which will likely be
the only major lines if the government succeeds in making it the
mandatory standard, every data packet must have a "license plate."
Don't laugh! The idea of a license plate on data packets is coming. It
would provide the kind of traceability that control freaks like
Detweiler claim to want (I say "claim" because our pal LD is the
largest user of pseudonyms we have.) It would provide for taxation of
packets, much like road fees and truck charges, and it would generally
make the Net an environment hostile to crypto anarchy.
The forces of NIST/NSA and the National Information Infrastructure are
moving in this direction.
I'm moving in another direction, toward the overthrow of the present system.
Over the past several years I've thought about these issues at length.
I don't think they can crack down. Can they stop "dial-a-prayer"
computer confessionals? (priest-confessor privilege, recognized at a
deep level) Can they stop attorney-client computer communications? (To
wiretap these would break open the entire legal system.)
Can they place police monitors in every role-playing game or
deep-immersion VR system? (Make no mistake about it, systems like
"Habitat" and LambdaMOO, and many more are coming or already exist,
will be full-fledged agoric marketplaces, with goods and services
being traded. Read "Snow Crash" or "True Names" to remind yourself of
this (I'm not endorsing the specific views of Stephenson or Vinge, who
got some things "wrong"--no big deal, as their general vision was what
was so important.)
Can they tell people they can't compress their files? (compressed
files look outwardly like encrypted files) Can they ban the use of
steganography--if they can find it being used at all?
No, too many bits are flowing already. Too many degrees of freedom. A
Soviet-style crackdown is not in the cards.
But we stil have to fight.
Things like the Clipper still need to be fought, by ridicule ("Big
Brother Inside" stickers), by lawsuits (not my specialty), by
denouncement (as when industry groups denounce it), and especially by
developing and promoting alternatives. The market is truly ripe for a
Soundblaster-type voice encryption system---when will one of you
budding entrepreneurs get one out?
Having read the three main "position papers" on NII (the White House
paper, the CPSR analysis, and the EFF "Open Platform" piece), I'm as
convinced as ever that the Data Highway is largely about regaining
control of the currently anarchic network system. It just isn't about
giving ghetto residents access to Crays, nor is it about the
government being benificent in expanding our cable choices from 50
channels of shit to 5000 channels.
No, it is about taxing the commerce that is moving increasingly into
cyberspace. It is about continuing to regulate and control. It is
about the survival of Big Brother.
The arms race is on.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-29 11:17:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HUMOR:  Timothy C. May is the CONSPIRACY! 
Well, our cover is blown. What more can I say? (Meow.)
My Siamese cat of course is the "S" in S. Boxx, the boxx meaning
litter boxx, of course, and my Havana Brown generally writes as "Black
They have few problems typing on the keyboard, but working the
trackball has been a chore. For some reason they keep urging me to go
back to a "mouse."
--Foodbringer (as I am no doubt known to my cats as)

@_date: 1993-11-29 12:42:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Anarchy, the Government, and the National InformationInfrastructure 
Well, Mike Godwin and I have argued about NII/Data Highway before, and we
see things differently. When I read the main position papers, and look to
the "big picture," the future being envisioned, I get a differenct sense of
it than Mike gets.
The NII papers (ftp.ntia.doc.gov, in /pub as "agenda.asc") and the CPSR
docs (distributed on this list) are clearly not leading to an anarchic net.
For example, what will be the NII management's response to a "No blacks
allowed" area? To a "women need not apply" on-line consulting situation? To
a cyberspatial version of the "old boy's network" that Gloria Allred and
her feminista compadres are constantly filing lawsuits against?
(I go to a health club/gym that has a "women only" facility. There are no
longer any "men only" gyms anywhere in California, but "women only"
facilities are flourishing.)
Please understand that I'm not proposing a "no blacks allowed" service,
only arguing that freedom of association is a basic principle I support,
and one on which free societies are based. Yes, I support the right of a
store owner to hang a sign out that says "No straights allowed," or "No
ragheads allowed." Of course, the general population would probably find
this fairly offensive and the store owner would reconsider or go out of
business. Sounds fair to me. (Sorry for a digresssion into Libertarianism
Somehow I think the "fair access" and "nondiscriminatory environment"
language used in many of these proposals is a clue about what's coming.
EFF indeed has a more libertarian view than does, say, the CPSR (I almost
typed CPUSA). Mitch Kapor, Mike Godwin, Stanton McClandish, and others
certainly understand the dangers of a surveillance state. I've heard it argued by some of them (sorry for forgetting exactly who said
what) that some form of data superhighway will be built regardless of our
objections, so we might as well get involved and be helpful. The better to
ensure our vision.
Well, I take the more radical view that to get involved with them is to run
the risk of getting co-opted by them, to be manouvered into accepting their
I support the Open Platform ideas about ending the current local monopoly
on cable and phone provision, but that's as far as I go.
Oh, to be sure, _literary anarchists_ like Cassidy and Kerouac will be
tolerated. They're no threat, they're covered by artistic license standards
(notwithstanding Mapplethorpe and his censors), and they're even a very
useful social pressure releaf valve.
I'm more concerned about the regulation of business transactions on the Net
of the future, on the ease with which access to the Data Highway can be
denied to anyone who fails to have the proper business license, the
properly approved encryption algorithms, the "tax stamp" on data packets,
and the wrong views about taxation and black markets.
As commerce moves onto the Nets in an even large way, there is every reason
to believe government and special interest groups will seek to use the
state monopoly or regulation to control the types of transactions. Wonder
how long the newsgroups on child porn will last when the Net is "the data
interstate" instead of a loose anarchic collection? How about the White
Aryan Resistance Net, featuring the latest in anonymous communication
We don't need no steenking data superhighway!
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:37:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Banning any subscriber 
Positive reputations _must_ be implemented at the user level, to my way of
thinking. Any system which centrally administers the reputations, as in
approved reading lists or movies approved by the Catholics (does this still
exist?) is not really what most of us want.
Newbies are often desirable and often turn into valued
contributors--sometimes from their very first posts. So I personally would
not want to filter them out.
The "Extropians" software, which many of us have mentioned here, allows
this kind of flexibility. I hope Cypherpunks can get it soon.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-11-30 11:17:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Statistics of Low-Order Bits in Images 
Several folks have recently mentioned the need to carefully look at
the statistics/distributions of bit values in the low-order bits
(least-significant bits, LSBs) of real-world images intended for
steganographic use. I concur.
This problem interests me. Material from Li and Vitanyi's "An
Introduction to Kolmogorov Complexity and Its Applications," 1993,
bears directly on the issues of "picture distance" and how much one
can change an image before it's recognizably "different" or before
filter programs can detect the presence (or absence) of characteristic
structure in images.
In this little article I'll be making some general points and
reasoning informally about image statistics, picture distances, and
the like. There's no doubt a more rigorous way to reason about these
statistical properties, using sigmas and summations and Central Limit
Theorems and the like, but I'm not that much of a real mathematician
to be bothered with that. C'est la vie.
Several points:
1. Probably not a pressing concern, yet. I expect few sites have
LSB-analyzers, just as few folks are using LSB stegonagraphy.
2. Romana Machado's "Stego" program for the Mac is interesting, and
may be useful, but it makes almost no effort to hide the _existence_ of
the message bits, e.g., anyone with a copy of Stego can apply it to an
image and recover the plaintext or ciphertext. (I mean in contrast to
some of the schemes which require a copy of the original image, a kind
of one-time pad approach, in which one XORs or subtracts the original
image to see the "differences" in the LSBs--a cryptanalyst without the
"reference" image is unable to extract any bits for further analysis.)
(I suggest we keep these two models in mind. Proposal for jargon:
"Type 1 Stego": No reference model needed: message bits are just the
specified bits, e.g., LSB, or larger low-order bits. "Type 2 Stego": a
reference model--an image or DAT or whatever--is needed to XOR with
message to recover the plaintext or ciphertext (if more encryption was
used originally).)
3. With fairly noisy 8-bit images, such as might be gotten by
frame-grabbing a video image under poor lighting or focus conditions,
my experiences at Intel (I ran an image processing lab, for electron
microscope analyis of microprocessors) tells me that the lowest
_several_ bits of each pixel are "noisy." Very noisy. The bottom bit
is "almost purely noise" (also a dangerous term!).  But I agree that
more recent images need to be looked at and the statistics analyzed.
Still, I suspect the bottom bit, the LSB, will be found to have
Gaussian noise characteristics. Note also that images are often run
through filters, as in PhotoShop, which can give Gaussian
characteristics where before there were none.
4. Can "image analyzers" in the hands of border security/law
enforcement be used to proseute holders of images that have such
white noise characteristics in the LSBs? I doubt it.
I interject this point here because an important long-term issue for
stego is whether the "Crypto Authority" (resonance with Gibson's
"Turing Authority") can make such images ipso facto illegal. I suspect
this is hopeless, both because many images have these characteristics
and because many people will massage their images to be this way,
regardless of original camera-CCD characteristics.
5. All of these arguments apply to the LSBs in DATs. Ambient room
noise, noise in microphones, thermal noise in the electronics, etc.,
all contributes to there being almost no "signal" in the LSB of a
16-bit CD or DAT sample of music. (There are anecdotal reports of
people being able to hear effects here, and different noise-shaping
filters may have audible effects at least some of the time. So, I do
agree that these statistics ought to be looked at, eventually. Some of
my audio magazines have articles on this, which I'll try to look at
6. Here's a strategy which may work OK even if the statistical
patterns of the LSBs are not "completely random" (a dangerous term, of
- take a plaintext or ciphertext and compress it with a good
compressor (L-Z may not be enough to wring out all the structure and
raise the entropy to the full 8 bits per character, for ASCII). A good
encryption of the text should of course produce high entropy.
- XOR the compressed (high entropy) text with the LSBs of the image.
- the resulting LSBs should have _similar statistics_ as compared with
the original image. "Noise" has been added, but no knew structure has
been added. Consider a couple of examples to see this:
Original image (in bits) :    1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 1
Random      1s and Os:        1 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 1 0
Resultant Image (XOR):        0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 1
(Another example: If one toggles all the bits in a binary image, the
"Hamming distance" between the images is maximal, and yet the "picture
distance" is very small, i.e., the images look nearly the same. The
picture distance being small means the structure is the same, even
though the Hamming distance is, by definition, the greatest it can
be. This provides a powerful clue that there is a "lot of room" to
manipulate images so as to pack bits into this "Hamming space" while
still keeping the resulting pictures in a "tiny picture space
Well, this is of coure not a proof, but gives a feel for why XORing
with a high entropy image will not _add_ structure.
However, it can certainly _remove_ structure! Which takes us back to
the original issue of the statistics (structure) of the LSBs of
images. If in fact there were "clumps" of 1s and 0s, "ridges" and
"valleys" caused by camera/CCD characteristics, then XORing the LSB
image with a "random" image will demolish this structure. This is
nothing more than the role of the one-time pad....to remove structure
but allow its immediate reconstruction on the other end.
At least in this case one does not have to worry about the ciphertext
_adding_ unwanted structure, only that it may _remove_ structure
already present in the image (and perhaps "typical" of images not
carrying stego bits). 7. A better approach may be to take two very similar images, perhaps
successive frame grabs with the same camera/digitizer, and use the
statistics of the LSBs directly as part of the "one-time pad" above
(Type 2 Stego). This could be used to give the LSBs the same
"structure" (ridges and valleys of pixel values, for example) as a
"real image" but without leaking message bits. (More work needed here.)
(I apologize for any vagueness here. Partly it is that I haven't
worked this out completely. Partly it is the lack of a blackboard to
draw pictures on--verbal descriptions get confusing after a while. And
partly it is that this message is already too long and I want to wrap
it up.)
8. None of this subtlety really matters too much, I suspect. An image
or DAT contains _so much room_ for stego bits that the problem of
finding a tiny fraction of message bits in megabytes or hundreds of
megabytes (DATs) of noisy source material seems well beyond current
crunch capabilties. Perhaps images being sent to some sensitive
location could be given a quick analysis to see if the LSBs are "too
regular," but even this I doubt. And at least the XOR method described
above won't introduce new structure....at worst the images or DATs
would appear to be "too random."
Perhaps we need to paraphrase Eric's line: "Use a random image, go to jail."
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-30 12:37:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Statistics of Low-Order Bits in Images 
Nope. Not true. Some ADCs digitize with _more_ than the final
resolution and then do rounding or noise-shaping. And ADCs even at the
LSB can still have structure caused by other things, such as the image
itself (a binary image with thresholding will have the "LSB" certainly
not random noise! Q.E.D., by induction.) This can give the LSBs in the final product (image, DAT, CD) nonrandom
noise characteristics. This is what we're talking about.
Huh? What if the "processing" is "do nothing"? Why will LSBs be
changed consistently? I must be misunderstanding your statement.
Key generation and sharing (if necessary) is separate from the stego issues.
In various ways, depending on what you're doing. Separate from the
main analysis of stego and image statistics/
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-11-30 20:37:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Signing Keys for Nyms and Digibank Users 
Yes, it's  important people realize this. For example, I only recently
met the "meat-entity Bill Stewart" when he moved to the Bay Area a
month or two ago...I previously knew this entity as the "Net-entity
Bill Stewart" and I didn't really care what his physical ID and meat
personna was, only that every time I dealt with "him" I was in fact
reaching the same entity. (We didn't user public keys, so far as I
recall, but we _could_ have.)
More than this, the government has over 30,000 people in the Witness
Security Program (popularly known as the Witness Protection Program):
turncoats, Mafia informants, and other criminals. The credit card
companies and major credit reporting agencies (TRQ, Equifax, etc.)
apparently have a working arrangement with the relevant agencies to
not flag "data base ghosts" that clearly belong to these
legend-equipped phony IDs.
Interestingly, this probably explains a lot about the collusion
between credit card companies and the government....and perhaps why
"digital cash" VISA cards have not appeared, even though they are
Also note the intriguing possibility that offshore/cyberspatial credit
reporting agencies could identify these "data base ghosts" and reveal
them publically. We could see several thousand of them be killed
withing days by their vengeful ex-partners, while the others are
frantically relocated. Crypto anarchy will shake so many things up!
(I have a lot more info on WitSec, on FinCEN, and on other secretive
government programs.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-01 14:33:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: BlackNet Investigations--the Truth (fwd) 
Here's a posting I sent to the "Extropians" list, which many of you
are already on..sorry about getting this twice.
Hit "delete" now if you are not interested in the "crypto-anarchy"
side of what we are doing. I say this because when I post on these
topics, which are apparently of interest to some, I often get notes or
postings saying "Not all of us are anarchists, so keep this stuff off
the list!"
Now we are a diverse bunch. Some of us are fairly radical libertarians
and see strong crypto as the technological tool to demolish
governments (including the U.S. government). Others of us are anti-big
business and see crypto as a means of reducing the power of large
corporations over individuals. Others are socialists, acid freaks,
even military cadets. Whatever. Some want to talk about using thermite bombs to melt hard disks (a
current hot topic, as it were). Others are deeply into Perl scripts,
MIME, and so on. For others, patent law and the ins and outs of the
ECPA are the big excitement. The point is, there are a lot of loosely related
items in the Cypherpunks agenda.
What follows is related to _my_ main interest, the colonization of
cyberspace and the institutions and methods which will arise. Don't
read it if it doesn't interest you.
And if you're scared that talking about using technology to bypass
laws and ultimately overthrow national governments as we know them
today will get you into trouble with the authorities or with your
company, well, then this list is probably not for you.
Me, I say what I think. Others can say what they think, too.
-Tim May
Forwarded message:
BlackNet Investigations Announces New Dossier Services
FLASH: BlackNet Investigations is pleased to announce the immediate
availability of dossiers from the former East Germany (DDR) and the former
Soviet Union. We have obtained tens of millions of dossiers on activists,
dissidents, extropians, and ordinary people and have meticulously scanned
and digitized the essence of these files (many of these files were already
in magnetic format, albeit primitive).
Now you can learn what the KGB had on your business associates! Now you can
discover if that little German pastry is as innocent as she seems. And you
can even find out what the GRU had on you from your visit to Vienna in
Contact us for details. Competitive rates, as always.
And coming soon: the previously secret files of the KriminalStaatsPolizei.
Plus, the now-privatized dossiers of the South American police states!
Sources close to the FBI may soon make their files available as well!
We are also negotiating with personnel at hospitals and insurance companies
to obtain black market copies of insurance records, describing in gory
detail all medical and psychiatric conditions for tens of millions of
Onward and Upward!
-BlackNet Investigations, a Cyberspace Entity
By now many of you know that BlackNet Investigations is not quite
real...yet. More than just a Klaus!-style put-on, it's a basically
plausible implication of current trends.
Some of you requested your dossiers, others even wrote threatening notes.
And a few of you even played along, saying how "shocked, simply shocked"
you were to see the dossiers compiled on you. (Thanks! You know who you
As Dave Krieger noted in his piece on BlackNet Investigations, folks need
to keep the inevitability of such dossier-based systems in mind. Others may
not "advertise" the way BlackNet does, but they're just as surely keeping
dossiers. I don't think it's overly paranoid to suggest that things you
write on Usenet, or in mailing lists like Extropians and Cypherpunks, are
being compiled by some into dossiers of sorts...call them "databases" if
you like, but they're still dossiers.
And in fact I do have a lot of Extropians and Cypherpunks postings tucked
away in places that my Mac databases can access them easily, via keyword
searches, tagged fields, etc. I'm quote sure a lot of people are doing
this, quite likely some TLA agencies.
All of the Extropians and Cypherpunks traffic for the past couple of years,
and a lot more, fits on a single 128 MB magneto-optical cartridge...and
I've got 10 or so of them. All Usenet postings are archived on CD-ROMs,
available by subscription (Walnut Creek Software, or somesuch...and maybe
multiple sources). Easy to obtain. Expect ftp sites to carry these back
postings, if they aren't already available.
In the next 10 years it'll be essentially a trivial exercise for any
person--your child, your potential employer, credit agencies, etc.--to sift
through the 20 or 30 gigabyes of Usenet traffic for a 10-year period and
look for juicy items, for admissions of unusual sexual practices, for
extreme political statements, etc. Data storage increases (CDs, DATs, MOs,
new media) and processor speed increases will make searches easy and fast.
Rather than having all this data on one's own machine, many people will
compile it into files or dossiers, and then charge access fees. Customized
searches, specialized grepping, and database "engines" optimized for search
(like the Connection Machines, the Teradata hypercubes, neural net and
fuzzy logic engines, etc.) will make this even easier.
As jurisdictions attempt to pass laws restricting these accesses, as with
the convoluted U.S. laws regarding credit, tenant (renter) credit, medical
malpractice databases, etc. (the whole credit market, in other words),
these databases will be moved offshore. Or the access may go offshore, and
then back again! (You can set up the databases in your bedroom, then sell
access through "cut-outs" that lie beyond the reach of U.S. laws.)
Private investigation as we know it today will be radically changed.
(Actually, much of current P.I. work is already accessing records and
databases, so-called "skip-tracing" work, to see where vanished people have
ended up...deadbeat dads, missing children, etc.)
Entities like BlackNet will flourish in the crypto-anarchic world of
cyberspace (or "cypherspace," as John Draper dubbed it). Positive
reputations will be of utmost importance, as we've discussed so many times.
Digital pseudonyms will of necessity become more widespread.
Offshore data havens, credit agencies that aren't restricted to the "7
years" allowed by U.S. law, repositories of stolen software, all will be
accessible by "BlackNet"-style "wormholes" (the public key access methods
that allow entities to communicate anonymously and untraceably).
Wake up and prepare for this future. Embrace it, or be left behind.
Crypto-anarchy is inevitable, and changes everything.
-Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-10-02 11:28:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) ITAR registration package 
This is slightly long, but I think it's important for you all to see.
Grady Ward requested the information packet needed to become a
"Munitions Dealer." It seems that nearly all of us are supposed to be
paying a $250 yearly fee and filling out many forms before we post
files to ftp sites (including the "soda" machine), publish chunks of
code on Usenet or on this list, and so on.
The Crypto Crackdown could be messy.
-Tim May
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,comp.org.eff.talk,misc.legal
(edit followups as appropriate)
I asked the State Department for a "Munitions Manufacturer"
registration package and they promptly sent me three
documents in a 8 1/2 x 11 envelope.
The first booklet was a copy of the Federal Register of
22 CFR Part 120, et al. ("ITAR") that is available via
anonymous ftp.  This gives the official 'munitions list'
("USML") and information on registration, licensing,
governing authority and so on.
The second enclosed document was a twenty page booklet
titled 'REGISTRATION: the first step in the defense trade'
which gives sample registration forms, fee schedules and
so on. The paperwork for registration is one page to fill
out where you identify the people manufacturing munitions
and pay the yearly $250 fee.
The third item was a copy of the "Defense Trade News" a
folksy bulletin produced monthly by the Department of
State to ostensibly clarify points of munitions manufacturing
or export.
Reading the January & April 1993 (combined issue) V4,1 & 2
the State Department makes it clear that it considers all
software, including algorithms in any form and source code
to be a munitions items as per 121.8(f) of ITAR.  For example,
Software, Using DES for Data Encryption                 USML XIII(b)(1)
Software, Using DES for Password Encryption
                  In Object Code                     (Dept of Commerce)
Algorithm, for Data Encryption, not
Incorporated into a Finished Software Product           USML XIII(b)(1)
This language makes it clear that at least the State Department
does consider any kind of privacy software description to be a
munition, including pseudocode, block diagrams, etc.
They explicitly deny that software can ever be a 'public domain'
item as per 120.11 ITAR (as D.J. Bernstein has been telling us
all along).
Under 122.1(b) of ITAR, people are exempt from registration if
they "engage only in the fabrication of articles for experimental
or scientific purposes, including research and development."
This means presumably that while posting code to an ftp site is
still considered 'manufacturing a munition' such a manufacturer
does not have to register as per 122.1(b)(4). But a business such
as Compuserve that has excellent NewDE source code available for
downloading by anyone, the Austin Code Works, or Dr. Dobb's who
is planning a December article on the IDEA algorithm, including
source listing, for example, would definitely have to register,
unless they could argue they are exempt under 122.1(b) as well.
the ITAR restriction on dissemination of strong crypto is right
in section 120.3 of ITAR 'Policy on designating and determining
defense articles and services' because it claims that a member of
the USML: '(a) Is specifically designed, adapted, or modified for a
military application, and (i) Does not have predominant civil
application, and (ii) Does not have performance equivalent (defined
by form, fit, and function) to those of an article or service
used for civil applications.'
PGP *does*, of course, predominantly has a civil application (privacy)
and certainly was *not* specifically designed for any military application.
My conclusion:
Crypto software suitable for mass market PCs ought to be removed from the US
Munitions List.
Appendix.  Portions of ITAR.
The USML includes:
 121.8 -- End-items, components, accessories, attachments parts,
 firmware, software and systems.    (a) An end-item is an assembled article ready for its intended use.
   Only ammunition, fuel or another energy source is required to place
   it in an operating state.    (b) A component is an item which is useful only when used in conjunction
   with an end-item. A major component includes any assembled element
   which forms a portion of an end-item without which the end-item is
   inoperable. (Example: Airframes, tail sections, transmissions, tank
   treads, hulls, etc.) A minor component includes any assembled element
   of a major component.    (c) Accessories and attachments are associated equipment for any component,
   end-item or system, and which are not necessary for their operation, but
   which enhance their usefulness or effectiveness. (Examples: Military    special paints, etc.)    (d) A part is any single unassembled element of a major or a minor component,
   accessory, or attachment which is not normally subject to disassembly without
   the destruction or the impairment of design use. (Examples: Rivets, wire,
   bolts, etc.)   (e) Firmware and any related unique support tools (such as computers, linkers,
   editors, test case generators, diagnostic checkers, library of functions and
  ystem test diagnostics) specifically designed for equipment or systems covered
   under any category of the U.S. Munitions List are considered as part of the
   end-item or component. Firmware includes but is not limited to circuits into
   which software has been programmed.  (f) Software includes but is not limited to the system functional design, logic
 flow, algorithms, application programs, operating systems and support software
 for design, implementation, test, operation, diagnosis and repair. A person who
 intends to export software only should, unless it is specifically enumerated in
  121.1 (e.g., XIII(b)), apply for a technical data license pursuant to part 125
  of this subchapter.    (g) A system is a combination of end-items, components, parts, accessories,
   attachments, firmware or software, specifically designed, modified or adapted
   to operate together to perform a specialized military function. USML XIII:
Category XIII-Auxiliary Military Equipment    (a) Cameras [including space cameras] and specialized processing equipment
   therefor, photointerpretation, stereoscopic plotting, and photogrammetry
   equipment which are specifically designed or modified for military purposes,
   and components specifically designed or modified therefor; (b) Information Security Systems and equipment, cryptographic devices, software,
   and components specifically designed or modified therefor, including:    (1) Cryptographic (including key management) systems, equipment, assemblies,
   modules, integrated circuits, components or software with the capability of
   maintaining secrecy or confidentiality of information or information systems,
   except cryptographic equipment and software as follows:    (i) Restricted to decryption functions specifically designed to allow the execution
   of copy protected software, provided the decryption functions are not user-
accessible. (ii) Specially designed, developed or modified for use in machines for banking or
   money transactions, and restricted to use only in such transactions. Machines for
   banking or money transactions include automatic teller machines, self-service
  statement printers, point of sale terminals or equipment for the encryption of
   interbanking transactions.   (iii) Employing only analog techniques to provide the cryptographic processing
   that ensures information security in the following applications:    (A) Fixed (defined below) band scrambling not exceeding 8 bands and in which the
   transpositions change not more frequently than once every second;    (B) Fixed (defined below) band scrambling exceeding 8 bands and in which the
   transpositions change not more frequently than once every ten seconds;    (C) Fixed (defined below) frequency inversion and in which the transpositions
   change not more frequently than once every second;    (D) Facsimile equipment;    (E) Restricted audience broadcast equipment;    (F) Civil television equipment.    Note: Special Definition. For purposes of this subparagraph, fixed means that
the coding or compression algorithm cannot accept externally supplied parameters
   (e.g., cryptographic or key variables) and cannot be modified by the user.    (iv) Personalized smart cards using cryptography restricted for use only in
   equipment or systems exempted from the controls of the USML.   (v) Limited to access control, such as automatic teller machines, self-service
statement printers or point of sale terminals, which protects password or personal
 identification numbers (PIN) or similar data to prevent unauthorized access to
  facilities but does not allow for encryption of files or text, except as directly
   related to the password of PIN protection.    (vi) Limited to data authentication which calculates a Message Authentication Code
  (MAC) or similar result to ensure no alteration of text has taken place, or to
   authenticate users, but does not allow for encryption of data, text or other media
   other than that needed for the authentication.    (vii) Restricted to fixed data compression or coding techniques.    (viii) Limited to receiving for radio broadcast, pay television or similar
 restricted audience television of the consumer type, without digital encryption
   and where digital decryption is limited to the video, audio or management functions. (ix) Software designed or modified to protect against malicious computer damage,
   (e.g., viruses). Registration and exemptions:
 122.1 -- Registration requirements.    (a) Any person who engages in the United States in the business of either
   manufacturing or exporting defense articles or furnishing defense services
   is required to register with the Office of Defense Trade Controls. Manufacturers
   who do not engage in exporting must nevertheless register.    (b) Exemptions. Registration is not required for:    (1) Officers and employees of the United States Government acting in an official
   capacity.   (2) Persons whose pertinent business activity is confined to the production of
   unclassified technical data only.  (3) Persons all of whose manufacturing and export activities are licensed under
   the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended.   (4) Persons who engage only in the fabrication of articles for experimental or
   scientific purpose, including research and development.    (c) Purpose. Registration is primarily a means to provide the U.S. Government
   with necessary information on who is involved in certain manufacturing and
   exporting activities. Registration does not confer any export rights or privileges.
 It is generally a precondition to the issuance of any license or other approval
   under this subchapter. (Note: order copies of the ITAR for $4.50 a copy
from the GPO 202 783 3238, or FAX +1 202 512 2250.
Order stock number 069-001-000-58-1.
Or get your 'Munitions Manufacturer' registration package
free from the State Dept by calling (703) 875-6650
or writing Dept. State, PM/DTC Rm. 200 SA-6,
Washington, D.C. 20522-0602)

@_date: 1993-10-03 15:28:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: a2 test 
No, no, no! Arthur's one-line message actually was of course a 3-hour
MPEG movie, which I've been watching since I decompressed, decrypted,
and reformatted the file to run on my computer screen.
-Tim May
P.S. to Arthur: Who was that woman in the second reel? Some kind of
steganographic stripper?

@_date: 1993-10-04 11:59:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Who's Most Receptive to Our Message? 
Though my sympathies are not "leftist" and though I often grimace when
I hear the slant given by NPR, I suspect the NPR/left/ACLU side is
more amenable to crypto and crypto privacy than the Right/American
Heritage/Falwell side is.
(As most of you know, whether you agree or not, the libertarian axis
is generally orthogonal to the axis defined by Left and Right.)
My point is that I think liberal left reporters are likely to be more
sympathetic to our views--even when they involve such libertarian
"extremes" as crypto-anarchy--than are right wing reporters. I'm not
sure why this is (I have some guesses), but it seems to be the case.
I can imagine a right winger saying "You mean your system will allow
faggots to plan their crimes in private? You mean enemies of our
country will be able to to use electronic black markets to trade
military secrets untraceably?"
So, while I don't place much faith in converting the masses--this
despite the interviews I gave for "Wired," "Whole Earth Review,"
and "The Village Voice"--I suspect that NPR is in fact a more
receptive place than, say, the Rush Limbaugh show would be.
(If I don't favor converting the masses, what *do* I favor?
Technology. It was technology and markets that created the revolutions
in personal computers, fax machines, VCRs, whatever, not proselyting
in the media. Strong crypto is like strong locks: if cheap enough and
easy to use, it will be used automatically by many people.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-04 19:19:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: EFF GIF file recall notice: is EFF the new CERT? 
No, I won't say it was silly, useless, or damaging.
EFF is just sending out some free legal advice, neither demanding
removal of these files nor threating SYSOPS in any way. The EFF didn't
make decided the files were obscene (actually, I'm not sure anybody
has...and of course my view, which may be L.D. was thinking of, is
that no files, no images can be called obscene).
I don't have to support the obscenity laws to realize that EFF is
doing SYSOPS a favor by notifying them that certain files are very
likey to be treated as obscene (and subjecting their boards to
seizure, a la several recent cases, including one near me).
Do I hear any volunteers to become a test case?
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-06 12:30:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Options for Speech on Cypherpunks 
I'll be brief, to same tempers and bandwidth.
Lots of options for dealing with too much volume, too much flamage,
too little content, too many diverse interests, whatever. Not all
options are feasible for the Sysadmin (Eric Hughes), of course, and
software is not always available.
The Extropians list dealt with this problem in the past year (too many
messages for everyone's liking, too much rancor at times). The
Cypehrpunks list may want to adopt the software they use, and I know
discussions along these lines continue. (Indeed, Ray Cromwell has
talked about his software here, I believe.)
* the Extropians software allows nice filters:
- users can be filtered by the "::exclude user paranoid at clueless.rant"
command. None of his posts will be seen by the excluder. Threads can
also be excluded. And so on.
Makes for a more civil experience. Not perfect, though.
(This consumes some CPU time. Issues to be discussed.)
(Why filter at the source and not the destination? First, there are
several dozen mailers people are using--often multiple mailers per
person. Second, the Extropians have an idea of eventually using
"reputations" derived from and related to the popularity (or lack
thereof) of various posters.)
Anyway, I need to be brief.
* Dividing the List into two or more pieces has been debated several
times. There are some advantages that go linearly with the number of
sublists, but also some disadvantages that scale unpredictably
(cross-posts ot several sublists, missed posts, etc.).
Also, maintaining several sublists and the adds/drops to each
multiplies the management effort. (Unless "majordomo" is used....)
* "Paying to post" has many downsides....
* "Paying _not_ to post" is even stranger.
* All of these schemes to control volume via pricing of posts are
hindered by several things:
- lack of a currency, as personal checks and credit card numbers won't
be used
- lack of any real concept of "value"--if I have the time to post, for
example, should I be "penalized" by paying? By what logic? And if I
try to "sell" my posts, how do I enforce redistribution limitations?
(As an anarcho-capitalist, free market supporter, I am not against
schemes to charge or collect for things. But I just don't see an
environment that is conducive to the such schemes. The proposals for
"rationing" of one sort or another fail miserably. To wit, do we
really want to tell Mike Godwin or Hal Finney that they've exceeded
their limits, while J. Random Lurker never posts?)
Just as the Extropians are now showing new interest in digital cash,
reputation markets, crypto-anarchy, and so on, I suggest we on this
list get more interested in what they are doing with their list
software, with their "HEx" reputation market, etc.
By the way, I think a real business could be made out of selling "list
server machine" access. Put the Cypherpunks and Extropians mailing
lists on a machine with good connectivity and then sell subscriptions,
just like magazines. The rates could be negotiated to be flat, as in
$20/year per user, or based on volume, processing time, etc.
Imagine locating these machines physically in offshore locations, safe
from seizure, but still on the Net.
Needless to say, these ideas are swirling around in many minds.
"Abraham-Hughes" described their ideas along these lines at a
Cypherpunks meeting, the Extropians are debating releasing or selling
their list filtering software, and services like "Netcom" are
spreading rapidly across the country. Lots of opportunities.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-06 19:55:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Digital Cash Primer 
What is it people want, exactly?
The Chaum paper in "Scientific American," July or August of 1992, has
been mentioned many times here. It also cites in its references the
"Communications of the ACM" paper, "Transaction Systems to Make Big
Brother Obsolete," November 1985.
And several times the Brands paper on off-line digital coinns,
available by ftp, has been cited.
Likewise, the Simmons books on "Contemporary Crytology" has good stuff
on digital money (and lots of other stuff you'll need to
cross-reference to understand digital money). Ditto for the "Crypto"
Proceedings papers.
There may someday be easier stuff to read, but these items--especially
Chaum's papers cited above--are very basic and must be assumed to have
been read by anyone interested in digital money.
If you want something more basic, a truly primerly "primer," I'm
afraid you're out of luck.
(I know of some plans to author such very basic intros, popular books
on "modern" crypto, but they are off in the future.)
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-07 02:15:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HACKERS: Crypto Session Being Planned 
The Hackers Conference is coming up in early November at Lake Tahoe.
Many of you will be attending.
I've agreed to put together a session on "Crypto" for Saturday
afternoon, for a 90 minute period, in the main room. Pretty much like
last year. Every year the crypto theme grows stronger, and the events
of the past year should make crypto a really hot topic at this year's
conference. There are lots of things we could focus on: the Clipper/Skipjack
controversy, PGP (Zimmermann may be there...I'm not sure), the general
Cypherpunks agenda, and so on.
I'd like to hear any ideas you folks may have, whether or not you'll
be attending. And also any volunteers to talk (briefly!) or be on a
panel discussion, depending on what structure we follow.
Since there are so many folks on this list who'll be at Hackers, it'd
be nice to get some fresh faces and hear about some new and exciting
work. However, the audience will probably want to hear about the
PGP-Zimmermann case (best in its own session, or a "BOF" session,
IMHO), the Clipper and key escrow situation, and new legal issues.
Perhaps we can split the session into two parts. First, several
short (4-6 minute) speeches/talks on subjects, then a panel discussion
and questions from the audience. Alternatively, make the whole thing a panel discussion with about 6-8 panelists
and really try to hit a wide range of topics, with lots of audience
participation. I think it best that we not let politics dominate, as most Hackers
attendees share much the same disdain we have for certain government
actions, and a political focus usually turns into a gripe session,
besides not being very "hackerish." Also, political and legal issues
surrounding crypto and cyberspace will likely surface in other
sessions, as they did last year when Mike Godwin gave a Friday talk on
EFF sorts of legal issues, and then key registration and hacker
crackdowns got discussed in the usual marathon Sunday gripe session.
(This does not mean we should concentrate on PERL scripts and MIME
agents, as I'm sure few in the audience would be interested. A
delicate balance is needed, to keep the discussion interesting and
I will *not* speak myself, but will instead *ruthlessly* moderate and
control the time schedule....it is far too easy for discussion of
remailer software or key escrow issues, for example, to soak up all
available time.  I'll also try to head off the questions about "the
basics," the things that clearly can't be covered in the time
Last year's speakers can certainly speak again this year, but it may
be better to pump in some fresh blood if possible. (If one of the
talks is a recap of the first year of Cypherpunks, which I think would
make a nice segment, then Eric Hughes would be the natural speaker,
even though he spoke last year. We can work out something.)
If you know someone who is going to Hackers, who is not on
Cypherpunks, but who is doing something interesting in crypto, pass
this message on. (And if you are reading this message because someone
forwarded it to you for this reason, please get in touch with me if
you're interested in participating.)
Send in your suggestions, either to me personally or (gulp) to the
overall list, but only if you think others would benefit.
I have some ideas myself about the themes and topics, but it's best
that I say no more for now.
Thanks for your help!
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-07 10:50:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HACKERS: Crypto Session Being Planned 
I've already gotten half a dozen messages similar to this one:
Let me clarify something: the Hackers Conference is an invitational
event, for better or for worse. The best way to get an invitation is
to do something "hackerish" that gets you noticed. I don't necessarily
mean hackerish in the breaking-and-entering vein, either.
The Hackers Conference began in 1984, sponsored initially by Steward
Brand and others, and presumably based partly on the Steven Levy book
"Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution." (Levy has attended in
some years, and you may also recall he wrote the excellent "Wired"
article on crypto and "Crypto Rebels"--us.) For the first several
years it was in a rustic jewish boy's camp in the Santa Cruz
Mountains, above Saratoga, where we slept (if we slept...) 10 to a
room in either unheated or overheated cabins. In 1990 it moved to
luxurious digs at the Granlibakken Lodge at Lake Tahoe, where we get
ski lodge-type rooms (it's before skiing season starts, though, but
this also holds the cost down somewhat).
The Conference lasts for about 48 hours, from Friday afternoon to
Sunday afternoon, and many people stay up the entire time. Lots of
interesting people, guest speakers, all-night hacking sessions,
machine room demos, "work in progress," etc.
At the 1987 Conference, John Walker of Autodesk met Ted Nelson, Roger
Gregory, and others and the funding of Xanadu and AMIX commenced.
Many interesting business contacts have been made at Hackers,
especially in areas of VR and multimedia.
"Prose hackers" also show up. Vernor Vinge has attended, as has Marc
Stiegler. Jerry Pournelle is a regular. Too many people to mention.
(BTW, Vernor was very interested in the public key crypto implications
when he attended in 1989...I wonder if the P-K references in his
Hugo-winning novel "A Fire Upon the Deep" were affected by our
My first Hackers was in 1988, shortly after the "Crypto '88"
conference, where I described my "crypto anarchy" ideas to some
folks....probably this is partly why I got invited that year. I gave a
talk on public key crypto, along with John Gilmore, at the 1990
session. The next year Eric Hughes (whom I had just met a few months
earlier) talked about digital money and the Chaum stuff. And last year
I was asked to lead a main session on crypto (I was slightly infamous
at the time for having written the "A Trial Balloon to Ban
Encryption?" piece in sci.crypt, which alerted many readers to the
"key escrow" ideas of Dorothy Denning, which presaged the "Clipper"
proposal six months later).
At that session we had several speakers, including Stu Haber on
digital time-stamping, Eric Hughes on digital money, John Gilmore on
EFF and FOIA-type activites, and so on.
The EFF activities are always a big deal at Hackers, what with Mitch
Kapor often attending and so forth. Mike Godwin is our "legal hacker,"
so to speak (aren't all lawyers hacks?), and he'll be at this year's
Hackers. Well, that's enough of a summary.
The best way to get invited is to do something that brings you to the
attention of the attendees, as every year they ask us to make
nominations. Yes, there are many of you out there who are better hackers than many
of us who (somehow) got on the invite list. That's life, I guess.
Don't take it too seriously.

@_date: 1993-10-07 18:59:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace" 
^^^^^^^
"My name is Bamford, _James_ Bamford."
Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace" is a bit dry in places, but is very
well-researched. I first read it in hardback in 1982 and the stuff
about intercepts of commercial intelligence (stock trades, corporate
secrets, etc.) got me to thinking about how the NSA may be _using_
the fruits of its corporate intercepts. This motivated the plot of the
novel I've been working on, and my interest in the "BlackNet" aspects
of crypto, so I can honestly say Bamford's book changed my life.
He also describes in previously-nonpublicized detail the "Harvest" and
"Lodestone" systems installed at NSA headquarters at Fort Meade around
1963. Our own Norm Hardy was involved in this and will be describing
his "Harvest" experiences at this Saturday's Cypherpunks meeting.
See (some of) you there!

@_date: 1993-10-08 10:45:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
Well, my mailer program (Eudora) has better "kill file" capabilities
than my newsreader program (tin), so converting the mailing list into a
newsgroup would be a lose for me. Not that what's convenient for me is
what we have to use, just that _your_ particular situation is not
universal. My point is this: there are many sound reasons to keep a group such as
ours a mailing list and not open it to every freshman in college who
can grep for "punk" and stumble across us, or for every
Sternlight-type bozo who delights in creating noise and rancor in
As others have mentioned, tools exist to locally feed mailing list
traffic into pseuodo-newsgroups, which can then be treated as the
newsgroup format some folks desire.
We debate this issue every couple of months. Give it up. Or start your
own newsgroup. Or use one of the existing newsgroups.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-08 19:19:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
And I'm shocked--:-}-- that people keep beating a dead horse,
expecting that if they repeat their arguments enough times, something
will miraculously change. This rarely works, and mainly just dilutes
the content of the list further.
I won't repeat my own arguments for the 7th or 8th time. In any case,
Eric Hughes has the final say and he has said it will not happen in no
uncertain terms.
If you vote otherwise, send your votes to dev/null. They'll count more
that way. (There is no pretense that the list is a democracy.)
Not one of the major goals, from my perspective. We don't advertise,
we don't lobby, we aren't even _set up_ to do such a thing. And when
we're interviewed (and anybody _can_ be), nobody spouts off the
"Cypherpunks agenda."
Books and magazines spread knowledge. Notice that we don't even have a
FAQ? We're hardly in the education business.
We're a loose collection of folks, bound by the mailing list and the
various physical meetings (and those of you out in the hinterlands
should simply organize your own gatherings). The interest in
remailers, digital money, code, etc., is the main glue.
Political action is a detour. The Clipper debate was one such detour,
occuoying too much time for several months, though I suspect some good
came out of it.
Anyway, it's not for me to say what the Cypherpunks are, but all those
folks shouting that "we" are a lobbying group, or whatever, are
misguided, I think.
One of the advantages of a mailing list is the implied sense of
community and of a shared history. It is expected that most on the
list have seen the traffic go by, even if they skipped many of the
messages. Newsgroups, on the other hand, encourage people to dip in
for a few days, ignore for several weeks, dip in again, and so on.
Thus, a huge number of repeat topics as people dip in and out and miss
the context of comments, the history, and so on. Progress stalls, even
more so than progress may've stalled in some areas on this List.
And while I agree that TLAs may be reading this list, one way or
another, making it a newsgroup would open it up for archiving around
the world, for appearance on those CD-ROMS filled with Usenet traffic,
and for easy grepping by future employers and future government
snoops. In other words, a public forum.
That's great if the goal is to educate people about crypto, not so
great if the goal is frank discussion of tough problems.

@_date: 1993-10-09 02:45:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Agenda, Goals, Flames...Comments 
I wrote this reply to Matthew Landry, who raised some complaints about
the direction of this list, the role of the "leaders," and so on. I
sent it to him personally, so as not to add to the already heavy
volume of stuff on this list, especially the complaints of the last
few days.
I think the term "leader" is inappropriate. Several of us got the group
rolling a little over a year ago, but the anarchic nature of the
mailing list (source of strengths as well as weaknesses).
In Matthew's post he on the one hand blasts the elitist attitude of
Eric Hughes and myself while in the next paragraph blasting the lack
of action taken by the "leaders" to control flames and set up systems
to help newcomers.
Anyway, I enjoyed a political piece Matthew wrote a couple of weeks or
so ago, and I told him this. So his piece tonight (2:30 a.m) merited a
And though some of you are no doubt sick of seeing these issues
debated, I've decided to forward my letter to him to all of you, as I
think some points need to be made.
I've removed one or two sentences from the version I mailed to
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1993-10-09 22:40:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: DC-Net proposal,  comments requested 
Doug Barnes writes about Tim Newsham's work on DC-Nets:
Exactly. The "coin tosses" can be arranged far in advance and shared
on CD-ROM (for example) or whatever's convenient. Chaum, Bos,
Pfaltzman (I think...I don't have my paper handy) consider even using
ciphers to generate the tosses, though then the DC-Net ceases to be
information theoretically secure and is no more secure than the cipher
To see this in a simple way, forget about the "classical" DC-Net
situation of n participants in a ring or other graph. Instead,
consider only 2 participants, Alice and Bob.
Alice and Bob share a sequence of random numbers, essentially a
one-time pad. The sequence they share is, as an example:
1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 .....
As a pair they can send 1s or 0s by the one of them sending the
message XORing his message with the sequence and then both of them
output the sequence.
Let us imagine Bob wished to send the "message": 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1
Alice: 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 .....
Bob:   1 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 ....   (his message, before he sends it)
XOR:   0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0..... (this is what Bob sends out)
The outside world sees two different bit streams and recovers the
message by XORing the streams put out by Alice and Bob:
XOR:   1 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 1....
Thus, Bob's "message" has been sent out, but since the outside world
does not the original one time pad Alice and Bob were using, it cannot
know which of Bob or Alice was sending the pad and which was "lying,"
that is, XORing the message with the pad and outputting that.
Of course, Alice knows it was Bob who sent the message (becuase she
knows she didn't). Extending the protocol to the ring
Alice-Bob-Charles in the classical DC-Net way completes the picture.
But you can see how precomputed, preexchanged pads--or a very secure
cipher (a good pseudorandom number generator, really)--would be used
in practice to eliminate coin tosses, real or simulated. No DC-Nets
would do things one bit a time, that I can see.
"Disruption" by sending of spurious messages, to deny service by
flooding the DC-net, seems to be the biggest problem, and Chaum and
Bos devote most of their papers to schemes for handling this.
I have some of these papers--let me know if you don' yet have them,
especially the hard to find Jurgen Bos Ph.D. thesis.
Great to see work on DC-Nets again! Yanek Martinson, who I've not seen
on the list in many months, was working on an implementation, and at
today's Cypherpunks meeting, Strick expressed interest in implementing
DC-nets in his TCL-based crypto toolkit.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-10 21:46:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Bank of the Internet!? (fwd) 
And I think this is a wise thing to do. I comment these folks for
pursuing this, all the more so becuas a "credit union" is not the
sexiest thing I can think of (not compared to data havens at least).
But it'll be the solidly middle class apps like digital credit unions
that wil help further colonized cyberspace (and cypherspace).
Meanwhile, I'm fairly "out" about my crypto preferences, and intend to
continue talking about crypto anarchy. I'm sure you folks wouldn't
want it any other way.
Good luck!
-Tim (infamous .sig follows)

@_date: 1993-10-12 01:36:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA Can Spend a Billion on a Computer 
Probably. But I suspect we'd know it had been built.
Norm Harrdy described for us his experiences with the "Harvest"
machine at NSA in the early 60s. (Bamford also describes this in some
detail...worth taking a quick look at, I think.)
Harvest was built by IBM as a special-purpose add-on, or auxiliary
processor I suppose, to the IBM "Stretch," then the fastest computer
in the world.
Harvest was quite impressive for its time, as Norm explained it to us.
A 300 nanonsecond cycle time, with a 64-bit word. Lots of core memory,
special tractor tape drives to load in data.
The Harvest machine was particularly good at brute force breaking of
Hagelin-type rotor machines, the "DES of its day" (the NSA had
encouraged foreign governments to buy surplus U.S. rotor machines,
assuring them that changing to their own rotor settings would make
them good as new...this did not, and NSA's knowledge of the machine
designs gave them a headstart on cracking the ciphers).
So, I would imagine that the effort put into Harvest in 1962, and
later into the financing of both Cray Research (confirmed) and
Thinking Machines (suspected by many), would possibly be put into the
breaking of modern ciphers.
Cost for Stretch (in 1962 dollars): $13 million.
Cost for Harvest (in 1962 dollars): $13 million.
Cost for special tape drives:   $5 million
Total Cost (in 1962 dollars): approximately $30 million.
Total Cost (in 1993 dollars): approximately $100-200 million,
depending on what inflation index one uses.
Would NSA spend $200 million on cipher-busting machines?
Well, modern spy satellites often cost upwards of a bilion apiece, so
this seems possible.
Note that NSA contracted with National Semiconductor several years
back to have a dedicated wafer fab in a secure area of Fort Meade, to
supply custom chips. But could such a project escape notice--and publicity--outside the
NSA? CPU desiginers would have to be brought it, and no doubt much of
the work would be contracted out.
Any rumors floating around?
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-12 11:21:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Meteor-bounce Communications 
Dwayne asks about meteor-bounce communications:
The micro-meteors are frequently showering the earth...I seem to
recall most systems having to wait on the order of tens of seconds for
a suitable trail to appear (and then only for fractions of a second).
The transmitters have to be "opportunistic," waiting for a suitable
ionization trail and then blasting away for the few hundred
milliseconds the trail is active.
I think trucks are big users of this system, that is, radio
communication with home bases. The data rates don't have to be high,
and the sporadic, opportunistic nature is OK.
(The same would apply to Net-type communications, of a personal sort,
but not the backbone links, of course.)
Qualcomm builds truck systems that use other techniques, so perhaps
Phil can comment on the current status of meteor-bounce comm systems.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-12 17:51:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA Can Spend a Billion on a Computer 
Whit Diffie has some more info, including a clarification, on the
differences between Hagelin and rotor machines:
Forwarded message:
    Hagelin machines aren't considered rotor machines even though
their main moving elements do rotate.  Rotor machines had rotating
elements that were wired wheels implementing table look-ups, i.e.,
S-boxes.  The six wheels in a Hagelin machine merely have setable bits
around their edges.  The are in effect pieces of binary key that
rotate --- much like the C and D registers in DES.
    Feel free to redisseminate this if you like.

@_date: 1993-10-12 17:59:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Native American Encryption?! 
They were the Navajo (or Navaho) code talkers. Kahn's "The
Codebreakers" has a discussion of this, as I recall. Probably the
"Encyclopedia Britannica" will also a mention of it.
These are codes, not ciphers, and are of course not very secure. The
Germans and Japanese in WW II obviously did not have enough time to
find native Navajo speakers, and I suspect few books on that language
were available at that time, hence the scheme was temporarily secure.
Otherwise, forget it.

@_date: 1993-10-12 21:36:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Native American Encryption?! 
I want to avoid casually dismissing Median's question without writing
a mini-essay on code-breaking. Especially when so many fine and
accessible (easy to read) books on code-breaking are available.
(To find them, cruise your local library. I recall the Herbert S. Zim
book as being a very fine introduction. Basic, and nonmathematical.
But a good start. I read it in junior high school, many years ago. I
was reminded of it recently, when I think Whit Diffie cited it as an
influence on him as well--he obviously was more influenced by it than
I was, as he went into crypto and I went into physics, a much less
interesting field.)
Basically, word-frequency analysis kill simple codes. Replace the word
"the" with the string "globflq" and it's still going to be fairly
obvious that "globflq" means "the." And so on.
And, as Median mentioned, a few words may become known, in all the
usual ways, and thus a Rosetta Stone has been found.
The issue of communication with extraterrrestrials--some day
perhaps--is an interesting one. I have no idea what work has been done
on "breaking the code" when almost no clues exist. Some SF writers
have explored this idea.
But in summary, codes are a poor approach. The entropy of coded
messages gives clues about the underlying plaintext and eventually the
code falls. Usually fairly quickly.
Ciphers (or cyphers) are superior, as the entropy of the ciphertext
can be very high (roughly, "maximally random," though I don't want to
get into what randomness means here).
Kahn's "The Codebreakers" remains the definitive book. All Cypherpunks
should at least read the paperback abridgment of the original massive
book. "Kahn on Codes" is also pretty good.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-13 10:56:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Dangers of skipping too many messages 
Folks, part of the list volume problem is apparently that a lot of us
are skipping a lot of the messages. Sounds paradoxical, but hear me
Someone asked about the Indian code talkers used in World War II, and
suggested they might be Apache or Cherokee.
Well, to date, about half a dozen responses have all pointed out they
were the famous Navajo code talkers. Nice to see such knowledge.
But the responses seem to indicate no awareness that several others
have already answered the question. And this is not a "response
cluster" phenomenon, as the answers have been straggling in for
a few days. (However, it may be that some folks are way behind in
their reading and fired off an answer when they read the first
I don't have an answer to either of these problems (people skipping
messages, people behind in reading), but both appear to be symptomatic
of an overloaded list. Eric H. tells me we're well over 500
subscribers now. Gulp!
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-13 13:49:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Dangers of skipping...my solution for now 
Earlier I wrote about the dangers of skipping too many messages, of a
kind of "response cluster" when the same question gets answered
many times.
Somewhat making their point, several people have responded to me
privately saying they try to answer questions in e-mail and then let
the questioner summarize the responses in public, if he wishes.
Advantages of this approach:
- reduces repetitive answers (saves list bandwidth)
- questioner can synthesize from all answers
- others may want to see the answers and may, under this approach,
flood the list with "me too" lines (seen in many newsgroups, when
"send answer in e-mail" gets met by "Hey, I'd be interested, too"
- others may not know the question has already been answered,
resulting in much wasted time (e.g., 30 private e-mail messages all
addressing the Navajo code talker question).
(Aside: there's a standard game theory example on how often one should
help...it works better in game theory than in practice.)
Finally, to me the most serious problem with moving more responses to
private e-mail is that the discussion group aspect of the list gets
So I still don't have an answer. However, as an experiment, I plan to
try to move as many of my responses off the list proper as possible.
Things that are clearly of interest to a reasonable fraction of the
entire list, I'll still post to the list.
(Note again, as many of us have described, the Extropians list
software allows threads to be ::excluded, as well as authors, so
repetitive traffic can be reduced. It takes a minute or so to send off
the ::exclude, so many of us prefer to just hit the "D" key promptly.
Still, a portent of things to come.)

@_date: 1993-10-14 21:40:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Reports in newspapers I've just been reading about the search for
"Warlord" Aidid in Modadishu indicate that tracking "low-tech"
transmitters (low-power walkie-talkies, small radios) has been a real
problem for the military, the CIA, and the NSA.
This week's "Newsweek" reports:
"Why can't Mohammed Farah Aidid be captured?...Aidid rarely talks on
the radio, preferring messengers. The Pentagon tries to use signal
direction-finding equipment to home in on his propaganda broadcasts.
But Aidid usesa mobile, low-power transmitter, turned on erratically,
making it impossible to fix his position. "Low tech is baffling high
tech," says a Pentagon aide."
("Newsweek," 10-18-93, p. 38)
Now this does not disprove Doug's point...I just submit it as evidence
that the combined forces of the CIA/military/NSA/etc. are probably
spending a whole lot more than "$10K per" and still can't find the
transmitters reliably.
Given many thousands of low-power transmitters, complying with "Part
15" FCC restrictions (i.e., down near the noise level of equipment and
consumer radio devices requiring no licenses), and given dispersion in
hundreds of cities, including some "just across the border" in Mexico
or Canada, and I'd expect few busts.
(And if the transmitters are really Part 15, what would be the grounds
of the bust? After all, computers put out RF at these levels, as do
many other sources.)
Food for thought. --Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-16 18:57:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: crypto technique 
"one-way function." Nest enough terms and you indeed have a function
that is difficult to invert.
Cellular automata do the same thing...crunch for several generations,
and the inverse is very hard to find. (BTW, Steven Wolfram was once
touting cellular automata as an ideal encryption scheme. Indeed,
running a linear CA on a string can scramble it quite a bit. The
problem is that inverses cannot be easily found, and if they can, so
can the opponent. Also, someone later showed that CAs are essentially
equivalent to linear feedback shift register (LFSR) schemes, which
have been analyzed and are not P-K systems. I'm not saying your scheme
is the same, though.)
But what you need for crypto is a _trapdoor_ one-way function, one for
which a very fast (but secret, of course) inverse does exist. In RSA,
the knowledge of the originally chosen primes p and q allows the
"owner" of the public and private keys to quickly decrypt a message.
Anyone who does not know the p and q values cannot compute the inverse
in the ring (p -1)(q - 1), and so must try to factor n to find p and q.
In your scheme, a message may be easily turned into a jumble (as with
a cellular automata, an LFSR, etc.), but how will it be unjumbled
easily? If you can compute the inverse, so can anyone else.
The RSA scheme allows the owner to compute an inverse in a very clever
way, using number theory. I don't see how your systems allows this.
I could be missing something basic about your idea.
(And, in any case, I really like that you are trying to come up with
new schemes.)
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-18 10:17:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Uniqueness and "is-a-person" credentials 
I don't know if we've ever talked on this list about the "is-a-person"
protocols discussed in several "Crypto" papers, namely, the
Fiat-Shamir passport scheme for credentialling persons, the ability to spoof
with the complicity of states (e.g., Libya conspires to create false
"is-a-person" passports for its agents), etc.
I don't like the idea of state-run registries of "legal persons."
Better to live with the occasional vagaries of digital pseuodonyms
than to ban them.
(And multiple identies can have many uses, some good, some not.
Welcome to the future.)
Since it may touch on our "cypherpunks agenda," I plan to read up on
some of these proposals for "is-a-person" credentialling and see how
they might relate to schemes for centralized key registration or escrow.
Any suggestion besides the "Crypto" proceedings?
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-18 10:37:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "True Names" and "Ender's Game" (was: Cypherwaffle...) 
Some novels to enjoy...
Earlier today Nick Szabo (not his True Name?) made some references to
True Names. I'm sure you all have heard many of us speak about Vernor
Vinge's "True Names." If you have not yet read it, buy a copy today
and read it tonight in lieu of reading this list!
Another novel is "Ender's Game," by Orson Scott Card, in which some
kids carry on a political debate on the Nets of the future under the
digital pseudonyms "Locke" and "Demosthenes." Over a period of months
and then years, these nyms ("True Nyms"?) develop a large following
and are demonstrably important entities.
About the way our own "S. Boxx" could be if he/she/it didn't
periodically lapse into rants and flames about "traitors," the "death
fo the cypherpunks cause," and so on. Actions have consequences, even
in cypherspace.
Anyway, I strongly recommend both "True Names" and "Ender's Game."
--Tim May (my True Name)

@_date: 1993-10-18 12:47:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Time for me to come clean... 
My experiment has gone far enough.
One of you has claimed that the Net entity "tcmay" (Timothy C. May,
putatively) is actually "jamie" (Jamie Dinkelacker, putatively). This
person has at other times claimed that perhaps Eric Hughes and Jamie
are the same person, and that the Net entity "tcmay" is the "lackey of Eric
It is all getting so confusing! Allow me to clarify.
I entered this list under a variety of pseudonyms, with the intent of
compiling information on all of you. I have been posting under the
identities of Tim May (who has actually never existed....the man
behind the mask on the cover of "Wired" was a hired actor, as were the
stand-ins for the personnas of Eric Hughes and John Gilmore), Sandy
Sandfort, Jamie Dinkelacker, and many others.
I disavow any connection to the paranoid "S. Boxx," however.
In fact, I think there are only five actual biological entities on
the list. Makes for some good conspiracy theories for the paranoids.
Finally, I also write under the nym de guerre of "Dorothy Denning."
The real Dorothy Denning is too busy grading papers for her freshman
crypto class to post, so I fill in.
My real name should be apparent to you all. I knew if I used it, the
other four of you would not take me seriously. But now the secret's
David Sternlight         When the mouse laughs at the cat,
                         there is a hole nearby.--Nigerian Proverb

@_date: 1993-10-18 21:52:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: backing? 
Some points:
* When Alice deposits the gold, the many television cameras in the
Zurich bank take many pictures of her. When she later dials in and
uses the pseudonym "Clara," the bank can associate Clara with the
images (and other True Names data). Little is gained. None of the
"blinding" which is so elegant in Chaum's work (and recently described
by Hal Finney).
* The role of *gold* is tangential and secondary. Any stable currency
would suffice, and in fact gold bullion would be no more desirable
than yen or Deutschmarks.
* Also, how does this solve the problems of digital money (double
spending, transferrability, etc.) we've been talking about? After all,
there are still banks which allow "numbered" accounts (in
Lichtenstein, I hear), so this level of anonymity stil exists. And
where banking laws don't allow such numbered accounts, they likely
won't allow "gold bullion anonymous accounts."
* However, I have heard--as Stuart Card may have also--that "warehouse
receipts" could form the basis of a new type of bank. I don't know
anything beyond this, so maybe this idea could be developed.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-19 11:07:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Color Copier, Scanners, and Countereiting 
There was a very good PBS show, probably on "Nova," about modern
counterfeiting methods and what various countries are doing about it
(embedded fibers, special papers, holograms, etc.).
High-res color scanners (600 dpi minimum) are used to forge paychecks,
traveller's checks, and currency. The scanner allows the forger to use
packages like Photoshop to adjust serial numbers, payee names, etc.
Minor touch-ups, etc.
Pretty hard to control availability of these systems, and pretty hard
to force "hidden messages" to be (somehow) embedded in the final
My personal guess is that these problems will accelerate the
conversion to government-mandated "digital money," albeit not of a
Chaumian sort and certainly not of the sort many of us favor. A way to
handle transfer payments (AFDC, SS, veterans, etc.), to reduce fraud
and theft, etc. Perhaps merged with the "National ID smartcard" being
talked about for the new national health care system?
We've debated this a couple of times (I'm not saying don't debate it
now, just letting folks know the history...). Duncan Frissell has
argued persuasively that the many advantages of cash will keep it
common. Maybe. In any case, something to think about.
--Tim May (according to Dettweiler, "List TRAITOR YYY" :-} )

@_date: 1993-10-19 12:42:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Is-a-person" Credentials, Fiat-Shamir paper 
I have here the Fiat-Shamir paper, "How to Prove Yourself: Practical
Solutions to Identification and Signature Problems," from the 1986
CRYPTO Conference Proceedings.
This is of course the defining paper of the Fiat-Shamir algorithm,
which I understand was patented (no idea of patent number, or
countries). And I hear from Chaum that Rupert Murdoch's publishing
outfit (including Sky Channel, a satellite system) bought the rights
to Fiat-Shamir. (Speaking of Chaum and patents, Chaum has also filed
for patents and reportedly has already gotten some. We spend a lot of
time talking about the RSA/PKP patents and when they'll run out
(1998-2002), but patents on digital money may be just as
Anyway, if there's sufficient interest (contact me via e-mail), I can
scan and OCR as much of the paper as is feasible (the equations and
Greek symbols are always problematic). I suspect serious students of
this stuff have access to the CRYPTO Proceedings at large university
libraries, and the Fiat-Shamir paper is definitely a nice little
intro, so I'm not sure it's worth the couple of hours it may take to
get a good clean copy suitable for uploading to the list.
The schemes for "is-a-person" credentialling should be of interest to
us for several reasons:
1. The non-PGP "models" that rely on centralized credentialling
agencies, be they private companies like Apple or RSA Data Security,
or be they government agencies like DMV or National Health Offices.
Carl Ellison noted this in connection with the PEM model.
(One of the most impoortant innovations of PGP, in my opinion, was the
"distributed trust" model used. Let's demand this of other packages we
may use.)
2. Key escrow schemes could ultimately involve a tie-in to
"is-a-person" databases. Someone wrote yesterday about an FCC-like
ruling that would demand that all messages sent over the Net(s) be
digitally signed with a signature associatable (sp?) with a True Name.
(I can't see how this would be enforced, and can think of many ways
around it. But it's important we think about what may be coming, the
better to head it off early.)
3. As I have speculated before, I see the talk of a National Health
Care Card--possibly a SmartCard of some sort--as naturally associated
with a National ID Card. The immigration "problem" is causing many to
call for such a card.
"Your papers, please! Schnell!" (I hope I did not trivialize my point
by bringing Nazis in.)
Cypherpunks need to worry about more than just the government snooping
on their messages--that's just one facet of the picture. The "dossier
society" aspects are just as important. Ditto for other areas.
So, let me know if there's real interest in this paper.
And I have several of these Proceedings, with access to all the rest
of the CRYPTO and EUROCRYPT Proceedings over at the UC Santa Cruz
Science Library. I can't scan them all  in, for obvious and compelling
reasons (even with the "assistance" of the Information Liberation
Front :-} ), but this is a resource that is available.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-19 12:52:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Is-a-person" Credentials, Fiat-Shamir paper 
A minor correction to my post:
"...this stuff have access to the CRYPTO Proceedings at large university
libraries, and the Fiat-Shamir paper is definitely a nice little
                                        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^      intro, so I'm not sure it's worth the couple of hours it may take to
get a good clean copy suitable for uploading to the list."
I left out a "not, " which alters the meaning. What I meant to say is
that the Fiat-Shamir paper is definitely *not* a nice little inro.
It's an academic paperr, not a primer on is-a-person credentialling.
Few primers on advanced cryptology exist, as I'm sure you've all
noticed. I'll be interested to see Bruce Schneier's new book,
"Practical Cryptography," to see if it covers any of these newer ideas.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-20 21:52:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Something Silly, Something Serious 
SOMETHING SILLY:
A pseudospoofer who claims to be Philippe D. Nave (right!) sez:
                        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^    Can I USE THIS to stop the PSEUDOSPOOFERS and TRAITORS who are
parasitically sucking the lifeblood out of my postings?
If I put this "termite" stuff on my terminal, can I stop the
MIND-GNAWING TERMITES AND RODENTS which are devouring my brilliance
and sapping my PRECIOUS BODILY FLUIDS?
Cypherpunk Mindmucking lives!
They are coming to take me away, ha ha, coming to take me away, hee hee.
Death to Traitors!
(This paranoid brought to you by the alleged pseuodospoofer Tim May,
in the hopes this will ease your S. Boxx-withdrawal symptoms.)
SOMETHING SERIOUS:
Seriously, I understand L. Dettweiler has asked to be unsubscribed.
For the record, I did not send him any e-mail these past several
weeks, either under my normal name or under any other names. I rarely
pseudonyms, and have never--that I recall right now--ever used them in
2-way communication. And never for the purposed Dettweiller/Boxx alleged.
I _have_ used remailers for several "demonstrations," which in most cases
I've later acknowledged. For example, the F-117 Stealth items six or so months
back, some "Information Liberation Front" articles (I won't say which
one, which provides me with enough "plausible deniability"...after
all, anybody can join the ILF merely by _acting_ like a member), and
some links to the "BlackNet" pieces (though, ironically, someone other
than me forwarded the main item to this list).
In other words, I do not use pseudonyms very often, and then never for
political debates, for taking "sides," etc. I also did not write the
short story "Master Key." Dettweiler wrote to me and claimed I was
being sly. I told him I did not write it, nor another piece--a
political piece that was quite good--that he claimed he "knew" I had
written. Then, after I publically indicated enjoyment with the story,
despite some weaknesses, he started ranting at me that I was using
pseudonyms and was congratulating myself.
But the cake was taken when he claimed I had invented the nym "Jamie
Dinkelacker," whom many of you know personally, to slant arguments!
Done humorously, as several of us have done recently, such a claim
would be funny (no offense meant, Jamie). But LD showed no awareness
of the absurdity of his claim.
With his florid hyperbole--or should I say "extremely and poisonously
florid hyperbole"-- and his paranoid rants, I chose to have nothing
more to do with him, and told him this in my last e-mail message to
him several weeks ago. (One of the messages he chose to quote in his
"introspective" message to the List...."thank you for sharing that,
Lance") He went ballistic when I--rather politely, I thought--averred on this
list that the EFF/Shari Steele advisory was not quite the Gestapo
pounding at the door. In e-mail, he called me "poison," "a traitor,"
"a lackey of Eric Hughes," and so on. I just shook my head and chose
not to respond. Paranoia can be fun to play with. I myself listen avidly to
"conspiracy theory" radio broadcasts (keywords: Inslaw, Wackenhut,
Iran-Contra, NSA, trapdoors, Casolaro, P-2 Lodge, Gehlen, MK-ULTRA,
and hundreds of others...) and I get a kick out of Robert Ludlum
novels. But becoming so isolated and perhaps even schizophrenic is not
a good thing.
(As an aside, I'll again urge folks to form local groups. It helps to
see actual faces and get to know folks. The surge in activity in
Austin is very encouraging. Ironically, some months back when
Lance/Larry (will we ever learn which was preferred?) was soliciting
my advice in e-mail--before I was seen to be the Puppetmaster's
Helper--he asked me how he could do things so far away from the Bay
Area. I pointed out to him the rich environment of the Denver-Colorado
Springs-Boulder-etc. corridor, and the presence of His PGPness Himself
in the area! Which he of course knew. Others, too. I can think of at
least a couple of others, Nate Sammons and Phillipe Nave, and maybe
others, who could form a nucleus of a group. I drive 60 miles north to
the Cypherpunks meetings, and Sandy Sandfort and Eric Blossom drive
about the same distance south, so that's 120 miles of range, about the
length of the urban corridor in Colorado. And a group can grow, of
And I *do* think there's a "Cypherpunks cause," loosely speaking. We all
know we have roughly similar goals, although our politics range across
the spectrum. But it's probably best that we nor formalize our goals
and our principles too much, for obvious reasons.
But getting so worked up in "the Cause" is not healthy. Especially
when anyone who deviates from one's own views is seen as a traitor, a
lackey, a stooge of the NSA, and so on.
What we're doing is demonstrably important, but there's no need to
demonize our opponents (in fact, that weakens us), to look for
traitors to the cause, and to take it all so _seriously_.
As someone says in their .sig, it's not as thought we're gonna get out
of this alive.
Cypherpunks write code. Cyperpunks write essays. Cypherpunks make puns
and jokes and even spoofs. Cypherpunks have fun.
Cheers, --Tim May (his True Name)

@_date: 1993-10-21 11:18:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Gold in them thar Bills... 
I suspect what Peter Wayner was referring to was either pure silicon,
which is indeed expensive (dollars per gram no longer in my memory
bank, alas), or silicon that has been processed into SuperSPARCS,
Pentia, and the like. Not raw-out-of-ground silicon (from beach sand
and even rice hulls...no lie). A tiny sliver of silicon is much more
valuable gram fro gram than gold is. Even a blank wafer of ultrapure
silicon may be...I'd have to do some calculations and get some current
prices. Be this as it may, electronic money depends on _reputation_, on the
expectation that a depositor or payee will get what he thinks he will,
whether in gold, in dollars, in francs, in Safeway discount coupons,
or in Get Out of Jail Free cards.
The stability of the final currency, inflation rates, etc., are
orthogonal to the issues of expectation and reputation. That is, when
one opens a bank account in dollars or rupees, one worries about the
bank returning the dollars or rupees, not the "meta" (and important,
but at a different level and time horizon) issues of the ultimate fate
of the rupee.
In any case, free banking means accounts can be denominated in
whatever the market wants...chunks of silicon, gold coins, Xeroxed
Slovenian currency, or whatever.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-21 12:52:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CRYPTO + REPUTATIONS = A NEW ERA 
There is _always_ some element of trust involved. Crypto changes this
in a subtle way I'll get to later.
The Swiss bank that holds "your" gold (or whatever) can in theory tell
you "But, Herr Barnes, you of course withdrew your holdings
yesterday!" Likewise, your local bookie can refuse to pay you what he
owes you (I guess you can threaten to break _his_ legs!), or can claim
he already paid "you" the day before. Such "burnings" have always been
possible, and yet these systems work and are actually quite stable.
That these "trust" systems work is related to tit-for-tat strategies
in the iterated Prisoner's Dilemma problem, in expectation of future
business, and in the whole related area of _reputations_. Your local
bookie pays up because to not pay up would eventually have
repercussions for his future business...and he deems his _real_ business
is making book, not burning any one customer. Emergent behavior.
Spontaneous order. Secret accounts and crypto make the equation even more interesting.
Anyone depositing money (dollars, gold, who cares, really) into an
account and getting back some form of digital money can:
- test the system by redeeming small amounts of the money
- actually be a service which makes deposits and then redeems the
digital money as a "testing service" (issuing a signed report, for a
fee, which reprots on the reliability of banks...all privately done,
of course)
Digital money is a kind of shell game (with no insult intended to
either shell games or digital money). $10,000 converted into, say, 100
separate pieces of digital money issued by many different banks,
circulating around and being redeemed and reissued....well, it would
be apparent pretty quickly--and word would spread--if the money was
not being redeemed.
Some percentage of all the digital money "in circulation" will
actually be primarily "pinging" money, designed to ping (test) the
system.  (After a while, expect this to go down.) The beauty is that
the untraceability means a bank doesn't know it's being tested by a
"pinger" or by another bank, or if the money belows to some "Little
Guy" who might otherwise be fair game for a rip-off (putatively,
although "Little Guys" are not ripped-off by banks in the current
system, either).
I've said this before: CRYPTO + DIGITAL REPUTATIONS = A NEW ERA.
Crypto researchers like Chaum seem mostly oblivious to the nature of
reputations, of escrow services (untraceable, too). and of this whole
very natural aspect of transactions. Many of the currently "unsolved"
problems with digital money fade away--I contend, and will discuss if
there's interest--when the elements of reputation and reputation
capital are included.
(I can understand the reason cryptologists have for purely
mathematical or formal proofs, but the problems now stymieing them
with digital coins (e.g., the lack thereof) and the like are solvable
by injecting local reptutation considerations.)
The ecology of these banks, transfer channels, etc., will be quite
interesting to study. I expect fairly robust feedback mechanism will
evolve naturally be market forces.
Crypto makes a lot of interesting things possible.

@_date: 1993-10-21 14:27:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Voice Escrow System 
No, what CERT did was to illegally reveal a technique developed by law
enforcement, for the "LEAF" field (Law Enforcement Audio Field):
This was all built-in to SunOS as part of the "Voice Escrow System."
RCA developed the special "Nipper" chip for the audio portion, DEC
handle the file transfer part with the "Pipper" chip, The Navy did
their part with the "Flipper" chip, and the whole thing was overseen
oby the Reagan Administration as the "Gipper Program."
Currently the "Data Superhighway" version is being supervised by Al
Gore and his wife, hence the "Tipper" chip.

@_date: 1993-10-21 21:32:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: An Intro to DC-Nets 
Douglas Sinclair asks about DC-Nets. I'm not sure if he's read the Chaum
paper yet, but in any case there are probably others who would profit from
seeing some introductory material on DC-Nets.
Several folks are looking into this, including Henry Strickland (Strick)
and several folks in the Austin group. Several others have tried to get
something going in the past (Yanek Martinson, Marc Ringuette, etc.), but so
far no one has produced a working DC-Net. I don't know if even Chaum has,
and the several papers (Jurgen Bos, Pfaltzman, etc.) indicate the theory
needs more work (especially on disruption by malicious attackers).
Anyway, here's what Doug asked:
So here's an essay, a rather informal essay, I've posted a couple of times.
As the essay notes, a full copy of the 1988 paper by David Chaum was also
posted to the list by The Information Liberation Front. If there's interest
in DC-Nets this time around, perhaps one of us who kept copies of it can
post it again. Enjoy it! It is truly an astounding concept. Simple, too, once you get the idea.
Here's a summary of the "dining cryptographers net" I wrote back in the
pre-Cypherpunks days (which I later posted to the nascent Cypherpunks
list). I'm posting it here because of the question just asked, thinking
that others may be similary confused. (A "Glossary" also exists, and is in
the "soda" archive site.)
(I could apologize for the volume, but cyherpunks ought to be able to
handle a few measly kilobytes of stuff. Besides, at least this won't go out
multiple times to the list!)
Understand that DC-Nets are further off in the future than the
Cypherpunks-PAX-PENET-style remailers being discussed these last few
months. Chaum-style mixes, based on his 1981 CACM letter, have yet to be
implemented, let alone the more advanced DC-Net-style systems. Hal Finney,
Marc Ringuette, and Yanek Martinson are some of the folks on this list who
are interested in working on DC-Nets....Yanek even claims to have a
primitive one running on his local machine and is interested in volunteers
to test it on a larger basis.
The "Information Liberation Front" also posted Chaum's entire 1988 paper,
"The Dining Cryptographers Problem: Unconditional Sender and Recipient
Untraceability." I suppose you could ask them to repost the article or
forward it to you.
Hope the newcomers enjoy this.
Reply-To: uunet!gnu.ai.mit.edu!Extropians
Marc R. has opened the door for me to get into some really exciting
Complexity Warning: This stuff (I'm being informal) is easy once you
get the basic idea. But getting the basic idea usually involves reading
several articles on what RSA, digital signatures, etc., are all about,
working out some examples, thinking about it, drawing pictures with
other folks, and finally having an "Aha!" experience (in Werner Erhard's
terms, you "get it"). The ASCII nature of the Net is not conducive to learning
this stuff, despite the excellent summaries of crypto by Marc R. and Perry M.
The almost-latest "Scientific American," August, has an article by David Chaum
on digital money, and the latest "Spectrum," available at selected newstands,
has several articles on security and cryptography. Also, there are lots of
books. Look 'em up in a university library or flip through them at a large
technical bookstore and pick the one you like the most. (I like a slim
Springer-Verlag paperback, "Modern Cryptology," by Gilles Brassard, 1988, as
a good intro to "modern"--as opposed to "classical"--crypto.)
If the stuff in this posting, and on crypto in general, is beyond your
current understanding, either ignore it, skim it and try to get the gist,
or dig into the articles and books. Anyway, back to "The Dining Cryptographers Problem: Unconditional Sender and
Recipient Untraceability," David Chaum, Journal of Cryptology, I, 1, 1988.
Since this journal is hard to get, I'll discuss the article in some detail.
(The techniques have major implications for anarchocapitalism and for
Extropian ideas.)
Abstract: "Keeping confidential who sends which messages, in a world where any physical transmission can be traced to its origin, seems impossible.
The solution presented here is unconditionally or cryptographically secure,
depending on whether it is based on one-time-use keys or on public keys.
respectively. It can be adapted to address efficiently a wide variety of practical considerations."
A word on terminology: "Unconditionally secure" means what it says: no
computer will ever crack it. One-time pads are unconditionally secure...no
code or cipher is involved, except the one-time pad, so the message is
secure as long as the pad has not been compromised. "Cryptographically
secure" means secure so long as various crypto ciphers are secure, which
may be for a very, very long time (e.g., with very large primes, in RSA).
Chaum describes some "dining cryptographers," which I will playfully change
to "dining Extropians." (The term is of course a variant of the seminal
"dining logicians problem" in computer science)
Three Extropians are having dinner, perhaps in New York City. Their waiter
tells them that their bill has already been paid, either by the NSA
or by one of them. The waiter won't say more.
The Extropians wish to know whether one of them paid, or the NSA paid. But
they don't want to be impolite and force the Extropina payer to 'fess up,
so they carry out this protocol (or procedure):
Each Extropian flips a fair coin behind a menu placed upright between himself
and the Extropian on his right. The coin is visible to himself AND to the
Extropian on his left. Each Extropian can see his own coin and the coin to his
STOP RIGHT HERE! Please take the time to make a sketch of the situation I've
described. If you lost it here, all that follows will be a blur. I'm sparing
you folks my attempt at an ASCII drawing!
Each Extropians then states out loud whether the two coins he can see are the
SAME or are DIFFERENT, e.g., "Heads-Tails" means DIFFERENT, and so forth. For
now, assume the Extropians are truthful.
A little bit of thinking shows that the total number of "DIFFERENCES" must
be either 0 (the coins all came up the same), or 2. Odd parity is impossible.
Now the Extropians agree that if one of them paid, he or she will SAY THE
OPPOSITE of what they actually see. Remember, they don't announce what their
coin turned up as, only whether it was the same or different as their neighbor.
Suppose none of them paid, i.e., the NSA paid. Then they all report the truth
and the parity is even (either 0 or 2 differences). They then know the NSA
Suppose one of them paid the bill. He reports the opposite of what he actually
sees, and the parity is suddenly odd. That is, there is 1 difference reported.
The Extropians now know that one of them paid. But can they determine which
Suppose you are one of the Extropians and you know you didn't pay. One of the
other two did. You either reported SAME or DIFFERENT, based on what your neighbor to the right (whose coin you can see) had. But you can't tell which
of the other two is lying! (You can see you right-hand neighbor's coin, but
you can't see the coin he sees to his right!)
This all generalizes to any number of people. If none of them paid, the parity
is even. If one of them paid, the parity is odd. But which one of them paid
cannot be deduced. And it should be clear that each round can transmit a bit,
e.g., "I paid" is a "1". The message "Attack at dawn" could thus be "sent"
untraceably with multiple rounds of the protocol.
The Crypto Ouija Board: I explain this to people as a kind of ouija board.
A message, like "I paid" or a more interesting "Transfer funds from.....,"
just "emerges" out of the group, with no means of knowing where it came from. Truly astounding.
Now there are many interesting wrinkles and elaborations to this protocol. I'll
note just a few.
1. Collusion. Obviously the Extropians can collude to deduce the payer. This is best dealt with by creating multiple subcircuits (groups doing the protocol amongst themselves). Lots more stuff here. Chaum devotes most of the
paper to these kind of issues and their solutions.
2. With each round of this protocol, a single bit is transmitted. Sending
a long message means many coin flips. Instead of coins and menus, the neighbors would exchange lists of random numbers (with the right partners,
as per the protocol above, of course. Details are easy to figure out.)
3. Since the lists are essentially one-time pads, the protocol is unconditionally secure, i.e., no assumptions are made about the difficulty
of factoring large numbers or any other crypto assumptions.
4. Participants in such a "DC-Net" (and here we are coming to the heart
of the "crypto anarchy" I have mentioned several times, and which is
perhaps foolishly advertised in my .sig) could exchange CD-ROMs or DATs,
giving them enough "coin flips" for zillions of messages, all untraceable!
The logistics are not simple, but one can imagine personal devices, like
smart card or Apple "Newtons," that can handle these protocols (early applications may be for untraceable brainstorming comments, secure
voting in corportate settings, etc.)
5. The lists of random numbers (coin flips) can be generated with standard
cryptographic methods, requiring only a key to be exchanged between the appropriate participants. This eliminates the need for the one-time pad,
but means the method is now only cryptographically secure, which is often sufficient. (Don't think "only cryptographically secure" means
insecure....the messages may remain encrypted for the next billion years)
6. Collisions occur when multiple messages are sent at the same time. Various
schemes can be devised to handle this, like backing off when you detect
another sender (when even parity is seen instead of odd parity). In large systems this is likely to be a problem. Solutions are left as an exercise.
7. Noise. Some participants may try to flood the circuit with spurious
messages, to defeat the system or for whatever other reasons. This is
still an issue. (If there's anything to take away from crypto, it's that
nothing is as simple as it looks, that there are always devious ways to spoof, jam, and forge. I expect you've seen this from some of the debate
on digital voting schemes.)
What Can "DC-Net" Be Used For?:
* Untraceable mail. Useful for avoiding censorship, for avoiding lawsuits,
and for all kinds of crypto anarchy things.
* Fully anonymous bulletin boards, with no traceability of postings or responses. Illegal materials can be offered for sale (my 1987 canonical
example, which freaked out a few people: "Stealth bomber blueprints for
sale. Post highest offer and include public key."). Think for a few minutes
about this and you'll see the profound implications.
* Decentralized nexus of activity. Since messages "emerge" (a la the ouija
board metaphor), there is no central posting area. Nothing for the government
to shut down, complete deniability by the participants.
* Only you know who your a partners are....in any given circuit. And you can
be in as many circuits as you wish. (Payments can be made to others,
to create a profit motive. I won't deal with this issue, or with the issue
of how reputations are handled, in this posting.)
* The tamper-responding "digital mixes" can still be useful, and may supplement
this purely software-based approach.
* Digital money gets involved, too, both for payments in this system, and in
terms of "alternative currencies." I'm not an economist, so I'll leave this for others to go into in more detail.
Enough for now. Chaum's work is just the start. These systems can initially be
set up for "innocuous" purposes like research into crypto techniques (not yet
banned in the U.S.), role-playing games, religions, and the like. Once
they get going, it'll be too late to stop the other things.
Hope you liked this summary. Please read the articles...there's just no way
my posting can do justice to them (though I admit I've concentrated my efforts
on the political aspects, which "respectable" crypto researchers rarely
mention, so perhaps the flavor here is a bit more Extropian than you'll
find elsewhere.)
--Tim (part of the "Too Many Tims!" Conspiracy)

@_date: 1993-10-22 10:52:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Message to Extropians...others ignore! 
(Sorry to send a message this way, but you'll see why.)
The Extropians list has been down for several days as a result of the
security incident involving Panix, the systems off of which the
Extropians list is run. (The security incident is being discussed in
several of the *.security groups.)
Perry Metzger mentioned this a few days ago here, but I am still
getting several messages a day asking what happened to the List, hence
this message to you all.
By the way, a conclusion I draw from this is that an alternative way
to signal list members should exist, even if it's just a very long
list to send mail to from an unaffected system. Sort of an "Emergency
Broadcast System."
Harry Shapiro says Panix is back up and the Extropians list should be
restored sometime today, probably.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-22 11:08:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Bidzos (RSA) on "Primetime Live" (was: cellular) 
Indeed, the whole piece was an obvious attempt to "scare" users of
illegal services into compliance, just as we saw some years back when
a lot of folks were "illegally" receiving cable.
Many immmigrant communities (Aremenians, Columbians, etc.) are using
these cellular phones in huge quantities.
What can or will be done?
A kind of "digital postage" of the sort we often discuss here would be
ideal: the various service providers (satellites, relays, etc.) only
carry the signal if payment is attached. With anonymous systems this
would be like using a payphone.
In fact, RSA's Jim Bidzos was intereviewed very briefly...no more than
20 seconds...and he alluded to the RSA products as being ideal. (I
sent him an e-mail message last night asking if he was implying some
form of digital money/postage...most likely not).
Unfortunately, the next topic in the segment was how audio
conversations (what about data?) might have unique voice ID patterns
encoded in them to foil rip-off artists. A voice registry? A scary
notion, and one we should be on the lookout for.
(I don't think it would work, as it would be even more unwieldy and
problematic than key escrow. And easy to alter voices, etc.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-24 23:08:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ADMIN: Shall we sign? 
*******THIS MESSAGE HAS BEEN SIGNED BY "TIM'S REALLY NEAT SYSTEM"****
I see some problems, for me at least:
1. I run MacPGP home machine, and using it is a boring and
time-consuming prcess. Many of you know about this. (Ironically, it's
more secure for me to run it on my home machine, instead of on Netcom,
but it means a lot more work.)
2. I also have plain old PGP running on one of my DOS laptops, and I
sometimes use RSADSI's "MailSafe" on this, even to sign. (But not
often, that's for sure.)
3. For quick responses, where response time is more important anyway,
I cannot see jumping through all these hoops. Ironic, isn't i?
4. If the signatures are not to be verified, or even to be looked at
very closely, then the situation presented at the beginning of this
message will flourish: phony sigs to beat the delay. 5. Eric alluded to such proliferation being a Good Thing. I think not,
as it will trivialize real sigs and will in some sense turn digital
sigs into a kind of running joke on the list. Not a good thing, in my
6. The sitiuation with L. Dettweiler and S. Boxx, tragicomic as it
was, would not have been materially affected. Both would have "signed"
their messages in some way  and what would then have been
accomplished? (In some sense, both _were_ signed: Dettweiler by the
origin of his message and the hard-to-spoof "an12070" (or whatever) that S. Boxx used.)
While I'm not sure if the LD/S.Boxx situation, and the general claims
of "pseudospoofing" are motivating Eric's idea, I certainly don't see
a system of "weak" digital sigs (weak meaning no real checking) doing
7. Finally, I have yet to see any serious evidence that this so-called
pseudospoofing is going on, that is, that people are pretending to be
others. I know Dettweiler _thinks_ that I am using the nyms of Jamie
Dinkleacker, Nick Szabo,  and others, but this is arrant nonsense.
(And to repeat the obvious, as noted above, if I _were_ using other
identities in this way, digitally signing the messages would be
trivial and would in fact create a false sense of security, as others
have also noted.).
I've never seen anyone else claim to be me, at least not seriously,
nor have I ever suspected such pseudospoofing is actually going on.

@_date: 1993-10-25 22:55:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We Don't Need No Steenking Digital Superhighway!! 
What the Sam Hill is this?
Very true! In fact, it is the EFF's talk about the "need" for such a
government effort that really worries me about the EFF (a mild kind of
worry...I haven't completely detweilered over it). I'm not clear just
how central are these issues to the EFF, currently, but I urge us all
to try to convince them that the "electronic frontier" really doesn't
need government-built channels and routes.
With a zillion forms of fiber, cable, satellites, land lines,
undersea cables, lots of competing companies, etc., there just is *no
need* for a nationalized effort to build some kind of bureacratic
dream of what the people "need."
And unlike the Interstate Highway System (actually called the National
Defense Transportation System, or somesuch, clearly an
autobahn-inspired Eisenhowwer defense project), which arguably needed
a government-level effort to obtain the land, the crossings, etc., no
such government-level effort is needed to lay more cable, put up more
satellites, etc.
In fact, the relatively anarchic growth of the Net (many nets, of
course) is a major strength and advantage.
We helped kill the Superconducting Supercollider, now we can help kill
Al Gore's TipperNet fantasy.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-27 00:17:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: My Views on the Detweiler Matter 
Cypherpunks, I. too, am weary of this thread...paranoia, death threats,
"pseudospoofing," Satan's spawn, tentacles of Medusa, and on and on. I
apologize for the length of this piece, which has reached detweilerian
proportions, but I need to make some points. Sorry if many of you are fed
up with this thread. I've tried to avoid comment, but I've been getting
several rants every day from Detweiler, either posted to the List or in
private e-mail (and the rants he sends to Eric Hughes and myself are even
more tortured, as he rambles on and begs us to stop tormenting him, to call
off our devils who are attacking him, then goes back to threats and
insults....very sad). Several people have suggested we "lay off Detweiler," that he is clearly in
pain and is disturbed in various ways. I agree, but getting several
messages a day from him, filled with threats, taunts, insults, and
religious paranoia tends to make this "laying-off" a bit more problematic.
Especially when his posts prompt others on this List to try to defend his
points. There is always the danger that repeating the Big Lie often enough
will cause it to be accepted as the truth. In this case, apparently some
are now beginning to believe that the List is in fact controlled by a cabal
of plotters and that pseudospoofing is the tool they use to control the
mood and agenda of the List. Utter nonsense.
He has recently claimed we are a bunch of Ted Bundy's, plotting the murder
of young women, that we are spawn of Satan, trying to pull society into the
depths of Hell, that we are High Traitors which the government (his
newfound ally) must suppress, and that the High Cabal is beaming radio
waves into his brain to control his thoughts (only this last item is made
up...a taste of what is to come in the next few weeks, I suspect).
I consider the whole situation very sad, and even tragic. Lance Dettweiler
did some nice work on the "Privacy and Anonymity on the Internet FAQ."
Ironically, he now considers my helpful comments on these matters (I recall
encouraging him to go ahead and write a FAQ on these matters, sometime last
winter or so, so I may have been a prime motivator of his FAQ) to be some
kind of evil trickery designed to do whatever it is he thinks is now being
done to him.
Be that as it may, his recent points require a response from me. And the
whole Detweiler matter actually _does_ have some important connections to
the Cypherpunks area of interest, so the topic is not as off-base as some
might think. Certainly it's closer to our main themes than many of the
recent debates about subliminal advertising and using thermite bombs to
destroy safes are, to name but two topics.
Back to the Detweiler situation.
I tried to laugh it off, as my posts of last week or so showed--the one
declaring there to be only four or five actually unique individuals on the
List, with each of us using dozens of pseudonyms. Little did I suspect that
Detweiler would use my joke about the "Wired" photo using hired actors as
"proof" of our duplicity, Jeesh, that man needs a humor transplant!
His alter ego S. Boxx is still making death threats, as he himself is, and
is claiming the "evidence is being collected" for some some sort of formal
charges. Right. (That Detweiler = S. Boxx is beyond doubt. Personal mail
sent by Eric Hughes and myself to Detweiler showed up in the rants of S.
Boxx, and the styles are nearly identical. Detweiler has rather
transparently claimed that S. Boxx is "in communication" with him. Right.)
Anyway, while I have been mostly just shrugging-off Detweiler's fantastical
rants, saving them in my "Detweiler file," some of you are talking about
how Detweiler may be ranting, but how he's basically *right* about some
things. Some of you are apparently coming to believe that in fact a High
Cabal exists to purge Detweiler and to use pseudospoofing to undermine him
in public. Now I of course I can see validity in essays separate from the
underlying mental sanity of the writer (think of Nietzsche), so I don't
automatically dismiss LD's points just on the basis of his paranoid style. But he has presented no evidence for his assertions. I just think he's gone
off the deep end with his paranoia about the number of pseudonyms on the
List. I know for a fact that I write my stuff under my own name, that I am
not any of the more colorful "nyms" on the List....I am not "Deadbeat," "S.
Boxx," "Murdering Thug," or "Panzer Boy." (Actually, some of these may just
be BBS handles....I'm not paying too much attention to the distinction, as
I really don't care overmuch about the "actual" name of folks I haven't
To be sure, some people are using nyms, as they have for as long as the Net
has existed...and for much longer, of course. Pen names, pseudonyms,
whatever. But this is a much different thing than saying the List is
dominated by pseudonyms, by clever false identities, by Satan-inspired
demons who are adopting false identities specifically to torment good
Christians like Lance Detweiler.
His modus operandi seems to be to repeat his points over and over again and
to to accuse others of Satanic or cabalistic motivations--usually in his
inimitably florid prose style--and to claim that the "debate" is being
skewed by dozens of phony identities. If Hal Finney is not 100% behind his
latest idea, well, then obviously Hal is One of Them, a tentacle of the
Medusa, a Nym from Hell that is bent on making LD a laughingstock on the
List. In several cases, when Detweiler made some point and others didn't agree
with him or actions weren't taken to his liking, he simply stamped his feet
and used such effective debating tactics as "I am getting nauseatingly
disgusted and TOTALLY angered by the completely traitorous and
spectacularly cunning vipers who..." (Lance never met an adverb or
adjective he didn't like. Neither did S. Boxx.)
(When he was still soliciting my occasional advice in e-mail, which I
sometimes gave, I urged him to not try to win arguments merely by repeating
his points over and over again and then announcing what his _mental state_
was. His points would have to stand or fall on their own merits, not on his
claims that he was going to hold his breath 'til he turned blue. "Blue
THE FACTS
There's been a lot of innuendo that "pseudospoofing" is going on. Not just
anonymous mail sent to Detweiler--something I can't speak to, not having
sent him any and not having access to his incoming mail--but the use of
pseudonyms like Jamie Dinkelacker, Nick Szabo, and (as of last night,
apparently, according to Detweiler) Hal Finney to shape and slant
arguments. Detweiler has argued that these pseudospoofers are criticizing
his points and generally interfering with the democracy that would, he
thinks, otherwise produce the proper decisions. Namely, his decisions.
I've seen no situation where a "vote" of posters was taken, where these
alleged pseudospoofers shaped an outcome. In fact, the Cypherpunks list is
largely a "market anarchy," with very few real decisions *ever* being
made...the several dozen active posters say their points, announce their
projects and their progress on same, and generally follow the "coffee shop"
model someone (sorry) eloquently described a week or so ago.
Positive reputations matter. I've never met Doug Barnes or Karl Barrus
before, and they may even be pseudonyms. But I value their comments,
regardless. Even some of the recent obvious nyms, like "Sam Hill," I'm
valuing more and more. To each their own. Use filters if you don't like
I know for a fact that I haven't been sending Detweiler anonymous mail. And
not much mail at all, in fact. About 5 or 6 weeks ago, after he went
ballistic and called me a "traitor" and a "lackey of Eric Hughes" over my
relatively mild defense of the EFF/Shari Steele advisory, I told him in
e-mail I would no longer correspond with him. (My message to him was later
quoted in its entirety in one of his rants.) Frankly, I was tired of his
hot-and-cold mood swings, with death threats and floridly-written insults
interspersed with requests for help in some area (pretty nervy!)....I just
got fed up with his obvious lack of social skills and his descent into
paranoid schizophrenia. He is, as a former girlfriend would diagnose his
condition, a "borderline personality."
I've used remailers, though never for mail to him.
Detweiler made a big thing about my open admission to him that I have in
fact used anonymous mailers at times to post to the List. This is hardly a
surprising announcement, as nearly all of you should know that in several
instances I have used remailers to make a point, to demonstrate some
capability. The three main examples that come to mind are:
1. "Information Liberation Front" (ILF). To illustrate the possibilities,
and to also post some articles I had scanned, I began using this "nym"
about a year ago. Others have since used it as well (anyone can...no sigs
are involved), as I hoped. In no cases can you find the "ILF" doing the
kind of "pseuodospoofing" Detweiler rails about.
2. The "A Patriot" (I think that was the name I used) posting supposedly
blowing the whistle on F-117 Nighthawk (Stealth) fighter cost overruns. I
posted material anonymously, got a bunch of "you are a traitor" messages
(not from Detweiler, that I can recall), and then several days later I
announced that I was the author and that the material came from widely
available public articles. My point was not to make people look like
fools--though at least one person did--but to provide a "trial run" for the
Real Thing, when actual defense secrets get out on whistleblowers-type
networks. It's gonna happen, and we need to think about this in advance.
(This posting was made about 6 months ago, and it was hardly a secret that
I was the author.)
3. "BlackNet." Ironically, someone else took my announcement of this from
somewhere--perhaps from a nanotech meeting, where I used it to illustrate
the difficulties in controlling nanotech developments--and forwarded it
through a remailer to the Cypherpunks list. But I was of course the author.
I've been using "BlackNet" as my generic example of a crypto-anarchic
entity since late 1987, as I have already explained in an earlier posting.
(The recent announcement that a Van Eyck radiation kit is available via a
BlackNet-style "cutout" was not my doing, I hasten to add. I welcome such
developments, though I doubt this one is completely serious.)
In these three cases, which are my *only* uses of anonymity/pseudonyms that
I can recall (I won't say there's never been another example, but I
honestly can't recollect any other uses....), these were essentially "open
secrets." I discussed all of them either on the List (as with the F-117 and
BlackNet material) or it was a standing joke amongst physical meeting
attendees that I was behind the ILF. I am not any of the pseudonyms you see on the List regularly. I guess I
have too much ego and too little to fear (being retired, I have no fears
about my "reputation" as a crypto-anarchist hurting me) to hide my views
under a pseudonym.
Enough on this, though.
Robert Woodhead made some comments in Detweiler's behalf, and was promptly
flamed for it, referred to as "another snake" or somesuch. Here are my
comments on Robert's points:
Robert, Something you might want to think about is this:
* I have never sent Detweiler--or S, Boxx, either--a message anonymously or
pseudoanonymously. That is, *all* mail I have sent him (and that hasn't
been much) has been from my one and only e-mail account, tcmay at netcom.com.
(Obviously not counting any of the anonymous mail that appeared on the List
as a whole, the aforementioned ILF, F-117, and BlackNet material.)
* Somehow he became deluded--and that is literally his condition--that
other List members, such as Jamie Dinkelacker and Nick Szabo--were
pseudonyms of *me*. He ranted at me in e-mail, interspersed with "you sly
devil!" congratulations for pulling off such a feat. He claimed I wrote the
short story, "Master Key" (about 4-6 weeks ago), which I did not....I don't
know who did. The political essays which have appeared under pseudonyms
were definitely *not* written by me...some of them I'd like to claim credit
for, but I just can't. * After many of these strange messages, I broke my silence with him and
sent him a message setting him straight: that I was not Jamie or Nick, that
I had not sent him any messages, and that I did not write any of the
anonymous pieces he claimed I had. (Detweiler called me a liar for
disavowing to him in e-mail that I had written these. He just won't take no
for an answer. Denials are taken as further proof of a Grand Conspiracy to
Confuse Him.)
* This knocked him further over the edge, and he began sending me death
threats (along the charming lines of "traitors like you will be hung by the
neck until DEAD and then sent to HELL") and other weird messages.
* What more can be said? He has taken his personal demon, "pseudospoofing,"
and blown it out of proportion. When Hal Finney tried to help (a misguided
idea, in my opinion, as we are not psychotherapists), he is called another
"tentacle of the Medusa" and LD says he now realizes "Hal" is just a
pseudonym of his tormenters! When Phil Zimmermann gets fed up with LD's
paranoia, he is deemed to be part of the conspiracy! It seems tragicomic that Detweiler has now gone almost completely over to
the side long-expressed by David Sternlight (no, I am not making any
paranoid assertions) that law enforcement needs require restrictions on
anonymity tools, that registries of True Names and identities are needed,
and that the Cypherpunks goals are dangerous. He even mixes in
fundatmentalist religious paranoia, talking about Satan-inspired
Cypherpunks and "black poison" from the depths of Hell. One has to wonder how Detweiler could so demonize Dorothy Denning and David
Sternlight and now have so thoroughly taken an even more extreme position
on their side of the issues.
As someone said to me recently, Detweiler should be regarded as one of the
It's sad.
--Tim May. whose identity is all-too-public and can be easily confirmed by
looking at photos in past issues of journals like "Transactions on Electron
Devices" (January, 1979, paper on "Alpha Particle-Induced Soft Errors in
Dynamic Memories") and so forth. I am also known to about 40-60 of you, by
my rough estimate. It's sad that Detweiler will not trust the evidence of
his senses, and contacts with others, and instead has plunged head-long
into paranoid schizophrenia.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-10-28 12:02:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Back to the Basics in Crypto 
Paul Robichaux makes some good points: (which I'll only quote briefly)
Yes, many people have commented on the greater information content of
the "early days." (Interestingly, I sense that the "early days" for
each member are of course that person's early days on the List!)
We each have our favorite interests, even our areas of expertise. So,
in our early days on the List (which for me was a year ago) we
naturally tend to write a lot of essays, raise new points, and
generally act in an enthusiastic, excited way (by excited I don't mean
flaming). After a few months of this, most folks drop their level of
enthusiasm. Very natural and expected...after all, the material is no
longer new.
One just can't keep writing essays about the same material, though
occasionally we see "golden oldies" reposted to the List (as I
recently did with a year-old essay on "Dining Cryptographers").
So, if newcomers want to see new material, and not just reactive
comments, it is largely up to them to find some areas of interest,
gain some relative expertise, and then to write essays or pieces on
these topics.
There's just a huge amount of stuff out there, stuff on "zero
knowledge proof systems," on the existence (or not) of digital coins,
on the nature of data havens and offshore black markets, on
alternatives to RSA, and on and on. Reading and absorbing this stuff
will take any person I know at least a few days of very intensive
reading and thinking (I spent at least six or eight hours in 1989
reading and rereading Chaum's DC-Net paper before it really made sense
to me....no summary on the Net could possibly do it justice or obviate
the need to pore over the paper, preferably in printed form).
My point? If the List gets to be too much for you, what with the
occasional outbreaks of flames and the "trivial" (to some) debates
about foo and bar, then go off and do some very intensive reading of
the cryptographic, banking, and information theory literature,
For example, I just received yesterday a spectacular new book in the
mail: "An Introduction to Kolmogorov Complexity Theory and its
Applications," by Ming Li and Paul Vitanyi (Springer-Verlag, $59, call
800-SPRINGE to order, or find it eventually in your local university
library--maybe). Kolmogorov and Chaitin (and a few others, like
Martin-Lof and Solomonoff...a lot of "loffs" in their!) developed what
is also called "algorithmic information theory (AIT)," which is interested
in issues of randomness, descriptive complexity, etc.
This is currently my main interest, and we had a "virtual seminar"
over on Extropians several months ago on AIT. Nick Szabo, Hal Finney,
and Derek Zahn, all now on the Cypherpunks list as well, were
participants with me in this virtual seminar. Folks actually read some
of the key papers, thought about the issues, and came up with
interesting conclusions about the connections between AIT,
cryptography, neural nets, evolution, and several other things. Very
So, if things are "dragging" here, it's maybe time for folks to go off
and recharge, to "Use the Force, Read the Source." The Net is great,
but it can't possibly convey the sheer depth of information present in
books, formal papers, graphs, equations, etc. The Net is typically a
chat forum, like the coffee house someone remarked on.
But even if coffee houses, folks have to bring something exciting to
talk about.
I'm not chastising anyone....we all have other projects, work, our
private lives, and so on. Not everyone wants to become an expert in
some area, not everyone has the backround. And many of you are
_already_ world-class experts in important areas (inventor of public
key itself reads the list, experts in Unix security do, and on and on).
These experts in most cases did in fact write wonderful essays on some
aspect of what they're interested in, be it spread spectrum
communications, e-mail standards, digital money, steganography,
capability-based systems, whatever. It's understandable that they
don't keep writing the same essays.
("Why not archives?" I hear some of you saying---unless I'm just
hearing voices in my head, of course. Well, the toad.com machine does
have the archives, and hugh Daniel tells me they may someday be
accessible. Also, the List has in some cases been gatewaayed into
local Usenet form, so some sites may already have archives. However,
my experience with archives is that newcomers will perhaps
understandably not wade through several dozen megabytes of archived
postings, and prefer to see currently-written essays instead. A
dilemma we're not likely to solve.)
My biggest conclusion: If the List is not what you want it to be, _make_
it what you want it to be! Stop reading the List for a few days and
instead use the time saved to dig up the "Crypto" Proceedings and the
other crypto materials. You may find some articles that excite you
enough to summarize them for the List or even to prompt you to go off
and try to implement the ideas yourself.
Happy hunting!
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-10-28 12:43:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Hackers 9.0 Crypto Panel, the Semi-Final Agenda 
Many of you will be attending Hackers 9.0 beginning next Friday at
Lake Tahoe. This message is for you.
The Hackers Conference panel on crypto has come together nicely. Glenn
Tenney has asked us to move it from Saturday afternoon to Friday
night, 9:30 to 11, and I've agreed. I don't think this should conflict
with any other sessions, as this is a one-track section too. If there
are conflicts, let me know and we can arrange substitutes or somesuch.
A few weeks ago I solicited your advice on topics and asked for any
volunteers. This is what came out of this process:
* a panel discussion, as opposed to the short speeches of last year.
* a discussion of whatever is of main interest after the panel makes
their initial points.
* panelists:
- Phil Karn, on Internet encryption
- Peter Honeyman, on issues of anonymity and trust
- John Draper, on the spread of PGP - Eric Hughes, on digital money and banking
- Mike Godwin, on legal issues surrounding crypto
If any of you has changed your mind, let me know as soon as you can.
And if anyone else has some topics they really want to talk about, let
me know...maybe you can be added or be a sub for anyone who drops out.
I'll try to moderate this thing and keep any one topic from sucking up
all available time. Clipper and the legal issues surrounding PGP are
two of the obvious things that the audience could "demand" more
attention be given to. I think we of course _should_ talk about these
issues, but we also want to bring up new material and not just today's
"headlines." (For example, a year ago the "key escrow" stuff was
relatvely obscure next to the Steve Jackson Games issue....then key
escrow blossomed into "Clipper" just six months later and is now the
Really Hot Topic. The use of anonymous remailers in the breaking of
the Verilog encryption system is similarly a portent of things to come.)
These topics will likely come up many times in the audience
participation phase.
And if Phil Zimmermann attends, which I've not been able to confirm, I
expect he will be on the panel, or will participate centrally in the
"BOF" (birds of a feather) session which I expect will start after our
(In fact, if he attends, it might be good to just let him speak for as
long as he wants at a BOF. I remember Cliff Stoll speaking until
nearly 4 in the morning a couple of years ago.)
See you there!
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-02 20:27:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailer Reliability 
Glad to have Eli back! (and we missed you at the Extropaganza last
This underscores one of the persistent problems with remailers: the
generally flaky nature!
(No insult or criticism intended...the folks who run remailers are to
be commended, but the fact is that "multiple hop" remailing routes are
are a real gamble these days, what with so many remailers temporarily
or permanently disabled or (somehow) not passing messages through.)
Karl Barrus's list of functional remailers is a great first step, but
we need to somehow establish a better "market system" of remailers
(digital postage woud be a boon here) so that the upness or downness
of remailers would be more predictable.
Like others, I suspect, I have to "ping" the remailers before sending
anything, and then hope and pray they aren't taken offline for
maintenance (or whatever) between the time I ping them and the time I
use them for something important.
If Sameer Parekh's "instant remailer" code multiplies the number of
remailers by some factor, we will even more urgently need to deal with
this issue of remailer reliability.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-05 23:17:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Trusted timestamps 
New ideas for "Mom and Pop Timestapping Services" are useful to
discuss, but be aware that several papers on exactly this kind of
digital timestamping have been presented at conferences, mostly by Stu
Haber and Scott Stornetta of Bellcore.
Their system involves a hash of some document which is then published
in an effectively unchangeable place: the pages of the "New York
Times," Sunday edition, form a pretty good "widely witnessed event,"
to use their terminology.
A digital contract timestamped (to the "granularity" of the publishing
schedule, clearly) could not easily be disavowed.
There are some other details. To reduce storage/publishing
requirements, a binary tree of other documents can all be hashed
together, so that only a single number need be published.
Anyone trying to alter a contract, or to claim the given contract was
not in fact timestamped when it was, would have to produce the same
hash value with a different input...this can be made intractable with
a good hash function.
The hash function hides the content of course, so privacy is
Bellcore is offering a commercial service to do this. An Internet
service might be exciting (the distribution of NetNews to many
thousands of sites, for archiving on CD-ROMs, tapes, etc., is a lot
like the "widely witnessed event" of publishing in the "New York
Alternatives to Bellcore may run afoul of patents, though.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-08 19:27:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Opportunities in Cyberspace 
Crypto Rebels,
Here's a piece I wrote for another mailing list, the Extropians list,
which about 20 of you are already on (a guess).
I make some points about the importance of strong crypto for the
"colonization of cyberspace."
I start out by commenting on a thread about the Libertarian Party,
which I know many of you have no interest in (not that I have much
interest, either).
Forwarded message:
I agree with everything Nick Szabo says here. A few comments:
I don't discount the value of these groups in spreading the memes,
providing the support for unpopular beliefs ("You mean others think
this way, too?"), and maybe even in providing some alternatives in
local elections.
The focus of the LP on electoral politics these past 20 years, with
little or nothing to show for it, has been misguided, in my opinion.
Especially when alternatives exist.
I hate to say it, but I will anyway! Many libertarians I have met over
the years are ill-suited to making money in conventional jobs. Many
are underemployed, with vague dreams about starting companies or
otherwise making it big. Nothing wrong with high hopes and great
plans, of course. As Nick says, there are huge opportunities in cyberspace and crypto
anarchy. I mean these terms in the loose sense that covers networking,
software generation, offshore movements of data and capital, and even
things like games. (Sidenote on games: anybody with a lot of time on
their hands might want to catch the wave that "3DO" will be. If you
don't know what I'm talking about, never mind.)
And with "persistent institutions" (investment funds/accounts that
can be moved around the world, in pieces that are secure against
seizure, crytographically protected), we may see the development of
private fortunes that are enormous. If a wealthy person believes he
can hide his assets and have them grow even after his death, with some
of the proceeds funding things he now has interest in (and thinks may
help him to be reanimated....nanotech, cryonics, more crypto, etc.),
then some very large fortunes may flow into such channels. Such large pools/accounts can take "the long view," funding very
risky, high-payoff projects. Sort of like the "rich old men" so common
in Heinlein's world.
As Nick noted--and as Duncan Frisell and others have noted--the stakes
in avoiding taxes are enormous...trillions of dollars a year.
The colonization of cyberspace--the real next frontier--is well
underway. Within 10 years, graphics computers and Net bandwidths will
be high enough to support a much better illusion of a "real space"
(virtual reality, "True Names"-type spatial methaphors, more abstract
spatial metaphors, etc.). And the Nets will be the cutting edge for debate about the nature of
"government"....many of us believe governing such nets by governments
will be impossible. But the groundwork is being laid...and the whole
Libertarian Party debate is increasingly irrelevant.
One real world intrusion could be the outright banning of strong
crypto, with government-approved ciphers mandated. At the Worldcon I
mentioned recently, Whit Diffie, the principal inventor of public key
cryptography, outlined his scenario for a government ban on strong
crypto: the government offers the Clipper/Skipjack key escrow system,
they they argue that criminals and terrorists are using crypto, and
they then make it a crime to use unapproved crypto. The principle
enforcement mechanism is the fear of losing one's home, car, and
business through the civil forfeiture process, as with the drug laws.
Anyone with assets, and any business or corporation, will be scared
shitless to use unapproved crypto, and so alternatives will dry up
(they'll never go away completely, but will be confined to purely
criminal use).
Such a ban will have a chilling, devastating effect on our privacy, on
our ability to set up the cyberspace worlds I have described, and on
computer-mediated markets in general.
Our immediate goal must be to make sure the "genie is out of the
bottle," that enough crypto tools and knowledge are widely
disseminated so that such a government ban is futile. Education and
lobbying, to kill off the Clipper/Skipjack, is also important.
Did the BlackNet piece get posted (anonymously, one would hope) to the
Extropians list? It's a good demonstration, I think, of the immanency
of this crypto anarchy world. In a sense, it reveals that fully
anonymous 2-way markets (as in selling Stealth bomber secrets, or
arranging hits, or trading financial data...all kinds of strange
stuff, of varying degrees of respectability) are already a reality.
Yes, try to make this meeting if you live in the High Beyond (aka Bay
Area). I'll be speaking on this "crypto arms race" that I see coming.
Others will speak on goals, plans, new software, etc.
Well, I'm doing my best on at least a couple of these points. Crypto
anarchy is of course my special interest, and the novel I am still
working on (sigh!) is/was ostensibly a "better 'Atlas Shrugged'", or
so I am hoping (but please don't ask me for progress reports...I get
very grumpy indeed when the first thing people ask is "How's the novel
going?"). And, like most of you, I write essays to various lists and
One thing I haven't done is to fund a start-up company, or invest in
one, but I am getting the itch to do something along these lines. A
lot of billionaires will come out of the developments of the next
decade or two; in many ways, there are more opportunities with the
globabilization of information flows than there were with personal
Several Extropians/Cypherpunks I know of have some potentially
exciting business ideas brewing.  Don't change the channel, you might miss something exciting.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-09 18:02:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Code Warriors" Article in "Metro" Newspaper 
Bay Area Cypherpunks and Extropians,
Julian Dibbell's excellent article that appeared in the "Village
Voice" (August 3rd, cover story) is the *cover story* as well in the
latest "Metro" newspaper, the free San Jose area paper (but we get it
down here in Santa Cruz as well).
I have picked up a handful of these free papers, which I'll take to
the Cypherpunks meeting this Saturday. But you all ought to do the
And those not in the Bay Area may want to be on the lookout for
versions of this appearing in your own community newspapers. If it was
sold to "Metro," it'll probably be in other major markets as well.
Plastered across the cover is this:
"CODE WARRIORS   New encryption software cripples the government's
power to monitor our activities, eavesdrop on our conversations or
read our e-mail. Soon the state may be unable to regulate business,
collect taxes, spy on foreign enemies, or police criminal activity. It
will be the end of government as we know it."
And in the table of contents is this description of the article:
"COVER STORY   How will the Feds be able to control us when they won't
know what the hell's going on? Simple encryption software now gives
ordinary citizens the ability to keep their secrets secret--and
conduct underground transactions safe from the prying eyes of
government spooks and IRS agents."
And the "Metro" version also differs from the "VV" version by having
such paragraphs like this in 24-point type:
"Untraceable digital cash transactions and a brisk commerce in trade
secrets could spell doom for the corporation as we know it. Hopelessly
untaxable, such crypto-markets could also sap the strength of
Wow! And "Gulp." I may have to get my European Community passport
sooner than I had planned. Does Martinique have a Net connection?

@_date: 1993-09-10 14:42:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Armed gangs stealing chips from warehouses 
I saw on "Clarinet," the news service, a couple of A.P. reports on
armed attacks on chip warehouses.
The latest was yesterday when a van pulled up to the loading dock at
Wyle, a distributor in Santa Clara (across from Intel). Two armed men
forced everyone in the area to the floor, while they went straight for
the Intel microprocessors and filled a large bag. An investigator called this type of crime the wave of the future, and
said something to the effect that "chips will be the coke of the 90s."
Also talk of black markets and how computer networks are being used to
coordinate things.
So, if you see folks using BlackNet for advertising Intel chips....
(I regret that I cannot post the Clarinet article, as Clarinet has
fairly draconian policies about reposting its articles--even though I
never signed a contract. Still, Cypherunks should be aware of
this....I've seen at least one Clarinet article reposted here on this
list, and this could expose the list to actions.)

@_date: 1993-09-13 11:33:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks--Where Do We Go From 	Here? 
This long posting summarizes the recent meeting and includes my own
presentation to the meeting.
Our physical meeting on Saturday in Mountain View, CA was very successful,
with 35 people in attendance, most of them in the same room at the same
time for the whole 6 hours (this is not always the case!). The best
attendance we've ever had, or at least equalling the crowd we had for the
special emergency meeting following the Clipper announcement. I think we
all knew the importance of the one-year anniversary and the need to think
carefully about our future direction (modulo the fact, pun intended, that
we are an organizational anarchy, with little structure, diverse
viewpoints, and no compelling reason to get more organized).
Eric Hughes began the meeting shortly after noon. Speakers included myself,
Sandy Sandfort, Nick Szabo, Dean Tribble, Whit Diffie, Russell Brand, John
Gilmore, and others (I apologize to anyone I left out, as I was taking
minutes of the meeting and so am relying just on my recollection).
Rather than attempt to recap all that was said--and a lot gets said in six
hours!--it's best that folks give their own summaries of what they said, or
what others said, whatever. And they can post their handouts if they have
them available in the right format...Sandy has already done this, for
Just for quick orientation, here were some of the main themes:
* GOALS. Where we have been, where we are, and where we are going. Has
progress stalled, after the early results with Phil Zimmermann's PGP and
with our Cypherpunks remailers? (We concluded we are mostly in a useful
consolidation phase, digesting the early gains as we contemplate future
directions in better remailers, digital postage and money, steganography,
* POLITICS. We touched on the political aspects, especially since the
"privacy, not anarchy" thread had just the List the few days before the
meeting. The consensus was s friendly realization that we would not be
resolving anything politically, that the socialists and Hayekians may
interpret the world differently, but still agree on the need for strong
cryptography. (Folks should appreciate that the physical meetings are very
friendly affairs, generally much less contentious than the List can be at
times...I wonder what this says about our ideas for anonymous networks?
Just something to think about.)
* "TAZ." Eric Hughes read a long selection from Hakim Bey's ("not his real
name") "TAZ," published in 1990, and excerpted in "Mondo 2000" a while
back. "TAZ" was published/helped by Dave Mandl, one of our New York City
list members ("New York City?...get a rope!"). TAZ stands for "temporary
autonomous zones," a kind of crypto anarchy, albeit with more of
postmodernist, literary slant than what we have been pitching. (Our
developments were independent, as I had seen only the Mondo excerpt, and
that only a couple of years ago, while my "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" was
distributed in 1988.)
* BANKS. Digital banks, offshore banking, and possible projects that are
starting up. Sandy Sandfort presented material on this. There is real
interest in this. We may have "Caymans Cypherpunks" or "Bahamas
Cypherpunks" meetings before long.
* SPECULATIVE PROJECTS. Nick Szabo presented a list of possible projects,
which he recently posted to the list. Things like "the Internet Casino"
(betting markets), data havens, and so on.
* PRIVACY. Judi Clark, active in the Computers, Freedom and Privacy
Conference and other Bay Area computer privacy groups, asked us for inputs
to some lectures being arranged. She asked what a "secure network" should
be, in terms of privacy. Ideas would fill a post by themselves, but were,
as I remember them: voluntary disclosure of data (you tell only what you
want made available), self-enforcement as much as possible, limited root
access to systems, encryption of links whenever possible, etc. (I'm doing a
poor job of summarizing this brainstorming session, though.)
* PATENTS. Russell Brand, a computer scientist now attending law school,
gave a 90-minute lecture on intellectual property law, with special
attention to the cloud of RSA patents (set to expire 1998-2002).  * LAWSUITS. John Gilmore spoke briefly about his FOIA lawsuits against the
NSA and NIST (especially over the failure to produce Clipper decision
documents in a timely fashion, as spelled out in the FOIA procedures) and
advised us that some important hearings are coming up in San Francisco in
the next month or so. He'll tell the List when the exact dates are.
* NEW LANGUAGES. Dean Tribble updated us on "Joule," the secure
language/operating system he and others are working on. (One of his
associates, Norm Hardy, once worked for IBM on the "Harvest" computer
installed at NSA in the early 60s, and detailed in Bamford's "The Puzzle
Palace." Norm will give a presentation on Harvest at the next Cypherpunks
* MISC. Mark Miller strongly praised the "Metro" cover story on "Code
Warriors" (the Julian Dibbell piece), noting that two major stories on
Cypherunks ("Wired" cover as well) had used the American flag as a motif
and had implied that strong crypto and privacy are fundamental American
values and that we are cypherpatriots.
Several newcomers (Sameer Parekh, Harry Bartholomew, Doug Merritt, others I
apologize to for not mentioning). There was a general feeling that the
importance of crypto is becoming more and more apparent every day.
We've come a long way this past year.
After the meeting, we adjourned to the Applewood Inn in Menlo Park for
pizza, a break from the usual Chinese or Thai food. After this, several
Cypherpunks were seen across the street in the huge Kepler's Books, some
even buying the latest issue of "Wired" despite the fact that cryptography
inexplicably went from the being  on the "Hot" list to not even being
listed in this issue! (I guess crypto is being retired from contention, out
of fairness to things like virtual reality and body piercings!)
Included below is the presentation I gave at the meeting. I also presented
a detailed PERT chart graph of important milestones on the way to long
range goals. I regret that this ASCII format is too limited to contain it,
to paraphrase a French mathematician in the news lately. (Don't ask for
PostScript versions...the effort of getting everything right in
transmission is unwarranted by the chart.)
I apologize for the occassional word wrap seen here, as I used an outliner
to generate the material and the line lengths sometimes are too long.
Cypherpunks--Where Do We Go From         I.  Difficult to Set Directions
                A.  an anarchy...no centralized control
                B.  everyone has some axe to grind, some                 temporary set of priorities
                C.  little economic motivation (and most                 have other jobs)
        II.  Past, Present, Future
                A.  Where We've Been
                        1.  successful mailing list and monthly                         meetings
                        2.  spread of crypto: Cypherpunks have                         helped (PGP)...publicity, an alternative                         forum to sci.crypt
                        3.  remailers, encrypted remailers
                        4.  ideas for perl scripts, mail handlers
                        5.  general discussion, with folks of                         several political persuasions
                        6.  concepts: pools, ILF, BlackNet
                B.  Where We Are Now
                        1.  Stalled?
                                a)  crypto protocols are hard to build,                                 analyze, deploy
                                b)  little incentive for people to put                                 incredible efforts in (unless they're                                 researchers in the field)....look at                                 effort just for PGP
                                c)  Has the "low-hanging fruit" already                                 been picked?
                        2.  Need to Decide on Nature of                         Cypherpunks
                C.  Where We Could Go in the Future
                        1.  Privacy Emphasis
                        2.  Tools and Techniques Emphasis
                        3.  Education and Lobbying Emphasis
                        4.  Possible Directions
                                a)  Crypto Tools...make them ubiquitous                                 "enough" so that the genie can't be                                 put back in the bottle
                                        (1)  can worry about the politics later                                         (socialists vs. anarchocapitalists,
                                        (2)  develop and deploy a variety
of tools
                                        (3)  attempt to implement as many                                         "research" tools as possible
                                        (4)  Commercial Opportunities!
                                b)  Education
                                        (1)  educating the masses about crypto,                                         public forums
                                        (2)  this was picked by the                                         Cambridge/MIT group as their special                                         interest
                                c)  Politics and Lobbying
                                        (1)  talking to Congressional aides and                                         committee staffers, attending                                         hearings, submitting briefs on                                         proposed legislation
                                        (2)  coordinating with EFF, CPSR, ACLU,                                         etc.
                                        (3)  this was picked by the Washington                                         group as their special interest, which                                         is compellingly appropriate (Calif.                                         group is simply too far away)
                                d)  Legal Challenges
                                        (1)  lawsuits against Skipjack, FOIA                                         requests, etc.
        III.  The Heart and Soul of Cypherpunks?
                A.  Competing Goals:
                        1.  Personal Privacy
                                a)  PGP, integration with mailers
                                b)  education
                        2.  Reducing the Power of Institutions
                                a)  whistleblowers group
                                b)  Chaum-style credentials (vs. national                                 ID cards, etc.)
                        3.  Crypto Anarchy
                B.  Common Purposes (beyond ideology)
                        1.  Spreading strong crypto tools and                         knowledge
                                a)  PGP
                        2.  Fighting government restrictions and                         regulations
                                a)  Clipper/Skipjack fight was a unifying                                 experience
                        3.  Exploring new directions in cryptology
                                a)  digital mixes, digital cash, voting
                                b)  no other groups are trying all that                                 we're trying
        IV.  Thesis: Strong crypto is a good thing
                A.  Tool against governments of all                 flavors, left and right
                B.  Religious freedom
                C.  Free speech
                D.  Personal choice
        V.  Thesis: Crypto can become         unstoppable if critical mass is reached
                A.  analogy: the Net...too scattered, too                 many countries, too many degrees of                 freedom
                B.  so scattered that attempts to outlaw                 strong crypto will be futile...no                 bottlenecks, no "mountain passes" (in                 a race to the pass, beyond which the                 expansion cannot be halted except by                 extremely repressive means)
        VI.  The Path to Crypto Anarchy-A         Personal View
                A.  Uses:
                        1.  remailers, anonymity
                        2.  digital cash, for privacy and for tax                         evasion
                        3.  data havens, bootleg medical                         treatments, information markets
                        4.  bookies, betting, numbers games,                         smuggling, tax evasion
                        5.  religious networks (digital                         confessionals)
                        6.  crimes, digital hits
                B.  Increasing Personal Privacy (under                 attack, of course)
                C.  Increasing Connectivity--networks,                 links, speeds
                D.  Privacy + Connectivity = Beyond                 Control of Governments or Institutions                 = Crypto Anarchy
PERT chart was included at this point.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1993-09-17 21:19:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Check out "EFFector Online 6.1" 
The latest "EFFector Online," available in the usual places, is
oriented toward crypto, having a lengthy summary of the
Skipjack/Capstone issue (more legalese about escrow than crypto) and a
nice Barlow piece on crypto (updating his piece a year ago in CACM).
Barlow even mentions "unless you're a real cypherpunk," so we're
entering the language.
I'd post the whole thing here, except that it's 1100+ lines. Definitely check it out!

@_date: 1993-09-18 12:00:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Does this seem illegal to you? 
No. Phone area codes and prefixes already are "public knowledge"
pointers to neighborhoods...I don't know if the last 4 digits are, but
The "right to privacy" debate is often clouded, in my opinion, by
confusing ideas of what is and isn't mine, what others are "allowed"
to type into their computers or write in their address books, etc. In
a free sociey, if I come across a piece of information, I can write it
down, sell it, etc.
In a true free market, some phone companies might offer more privacy
features. Credit card companies know they will lose their card
subscribers if they go "too far" (a market issue) in disclosing credit
records to third parties. This is quite analogous to your scenario
described here.
Your friend at "B" needs to consider other options, such as using
remote message services for his phone needs, switches of the sort
George Gleason and others have talked about, and so on. (I don't think
merely having an unlisted number is enough, though.)
Market solutions generally are better than coercive laws.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-18 12:11:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Does this seem illegal to you? 
Nonsense! (Not to sound like David Sternlight, or anything.)
This is what doors and locks are all about: to keep out folks who come
to our houses uninvited.
Anyone is free to look up the publically available information (or
privately available, if they get access to it...another matter) and go
to a physical location. My house, your house, Dorothy Denning's house,
Trespass is another matter entirely. So is "stalking" (though I fear
the concept is being increasingly overused and may infringe other
basic rights).
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-18 20:36:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Definition of "Zero Knowledge" 
I didn't write the item above, but I'll add my comments anyway.
Zero knowledge interactive proof systems are a critical part of modern
crypto. Here's the brief summary from the Cypherpunks Glossary,
available by anon. ftp at soda.berkeley.edu in pub/cypherpunks/misc as
***     zero knowledge proofs -- proofs in which no knowledge of the actual proof is conveyed. Peggy the Prover demonstrates to Sid the Skeptic that she is indeed in possession of some piece of knowledge without actually revealing any of that knowledge. This is useful for access to computers, because eavesdroppers or dishonest sysops cannot steal the knowledge given. Also called minimum disclosure proofs. Useful for proving possession of some property, or credential, such as age or voting status, without revealing personal information.
By the way, this Glossary was distributed at the very first
Cypherpunks meeting, a year ago. While never intended as an FAQ, it
still may be of value to subscribers here.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-19 11:15:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Bobby Ray Inman wants ciphers restricted! 
Here's another one of those apparent "trial balloons," this time from
an influential former Director of the NSA.  As DIRNSA, Admiral Inman
was the one who in the late 1970s proposed restrictions on the use of
public key cryptography, at least according to Bamford in "The Puzzle
Inman later was in the CIA, then MCC in Austin, and is now involved in
venture capital in various ways. I believe his VC firm invested in
Cylink, one of the four partners in Public Key Partners (the others
being RSADSI, Stanford, and MIT). (Paranoids like us might look for
links to Mykotronx....)
Enough speculation for now. Here's the item:
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,alt.politics.libertarian,comp.org.eff.talk,alt.privacy.clipper
Reply-To: howard at hal.com (Howard Gayle)
Summary: Government subsidies imply government control.
Keywords: Bobby Ray Inman, NSA, registration, EFF
The September 1993 issue of "The Free Market" has an article by
Gary McGath about Clipper.  "The Free Market" is a monthly
non-technical newsletter from the Ludwig von Mises Institute.
Gary McGath is the publisher of the "Thomas Paine Review." Here's
a quote:
   "Bobby Ray Inman, former director of the NSA, has even
   proposed `a registry of institutions which can legally use
   ciphers,' as he explained in his recent book.  `If you get
   somebody using one who isn't registered, then you go after
   him.'"
McGath also mentions the EFF:
   "The Electronic Frontier Foundation, which opposes the
   Clipper, still applauds legislation to subsidize network
   access.  But by inviting the government to build their
   `highway,' EFF is inviting in the traffic cops.
   "The only way to keep our communications free of governmental
   intrusion is to keep them free of governmental involvement."
Howard Gayle
HAL Computer Systems, Inc.
1315 Dell Avenue
Campbell, California 95008
howard at hal.com
Phone: +1 408 379 7000 extension 1080
FAX  : +1 408 379 5022

@_date: 1993-09-19 12:22:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: What can we do in the next few days? 
Lots of flames lately about "lunatic ravings" and what Cypherpunks can
or can't do to help in the next few days.
Here's my take on the situation:
* Keep current, read all the various groups covering this.
* Add articles and comments whenever you have something to say. Your
argument might help one of the lawyers make his case. (One of "our"
lawyers, one hopes.) Hal Finney's article this morning falls squarely
into this category.
We may have few lawyers amongst us, but we can contribute comments and
background items that the lawyers may find useful. Not much time left
before the grand jury convenes on Wednesday, but time to help after
I agree of course with the sentiment that "Cypherpunks write code," or
at least write text on semi-technical topics, and agree with the
current focus of our group on stuff like remailers, digital cash, data
havens, and the like. The EFF, CPSR, and ACLU are already focussed on
issues of legal cases, privacy laws, etc., and are staffed with mostly
lawyers and legal-background folks. We fill a niche they cannot fill.
* Phil Karn and others have written about DES implementations that are
already described, published, etc., both inside and outside the U.S.
This may help with the precedent issue, namely, establishing that DES
is already widely available (in case this is an important issue).
In particular, see the messages a few days back about compiling a list
of published DES (and IDEA, too) codings. Add to the list if you can.
Cypherpunks can help on this, if they have some experience with DES,
IDEA, and the like.
Perhaps after the indictment (I'm guessing there'll be one) we can
find out from the lawyers if our backgrounds in hacking and crypto can
be tapped to help in the defense.
--Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-19 18:15:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Definition of "Zero Knowledge" 
Doug, I am not aware that the zero knowledge results of Goldwasser,
Micali, Rackoff, etc., circa 1984-5, are actually implied by Godel's
results of the 1930s.
I'd be very intrigued to hear more about this.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-20 13:42:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Need to Declare Policies on Remailer Record-Keeping 
(I hope this is not considered "off-topic" by anyone.)
It would be nice if the operators of the current remailers made clear
their archiving/record-keeping policies on remailer traffic.
An "ideal mix" is like an "ideal op amp": very hard to build in
practice, but very useful as a concept. David Chaum's 1981 paper
anticipated many of the issues some of us later discovered, and which
are dwell upon at length on this list.
Some brief descriptions of the "ideal mix" (remailer):
1. Records. No records kept of incoming or outgoing traffic (in Chaum's mix,
done by tamper-resistant hardware implementing software that keeps no
records; in DC-Net approach, no single entity knows traffic, so only
collusion can reveal traffic).
Score: Many remailers keep records/logs, either explicitly ("to help
in debugging") or by default (Unix records, system requirements, etc.)
I have been shocked on a couple of occasions--a useful, educational
shock--to get e-mail messages from the operators of remailers, saying
things like "I couldn't help noticing your comments--I agree with you
that...." Now partly this was my problem, in that I was not using PGP
to chain my transmissions (in which case no snooping remailer operator
will be able to get my true name except by colluding or traffic
analyis), but it also indicated that some remailers are not taking a
sufficiently hands-off policy...more on this point later.
2. Encryption, obviously, to hide mapping between ingoing and outgoing
Score: Pretty good (no pun intended), though use of encryption is
reported to be low. PGP has helped immensely.
3. Latency: some number N of messagers needs to be stored (securely,
unobservably, as in  and then sent out in an order that obscures
order of arrival. (Lex order, for example.)
Score: Someone has been trying to implement this, but it is not
widespread. (People want fast response, and in a low overall message
volume environment, this could be impossible. If N = 100, could be a
very long wait.)
4. Padding of message lengths in such a way that messages cannot be tracked by
message length.
Score: I don't think this is being implemented. We've talked about
"quantizing" to several standard message lengths ("short," "medium,"
and "long," uncreatively enough) for this reason.
5. Other issues can be found in Chaum's papers, in the attacks on
DC-Nets (one of which I distributed with the 70 pages of printed
material handed out at the first Cypherpunks meeting), and in the many
messages on remailers here on this list. Hal Finney's analysis, for
In light of the recent subpoena, I urge that  record-keeping, be
addressed quickly. If the authorities are seeking sources of crypto
material, or routes used in conveying such material, they may
conceivably issue subpoenas for site records.
Some suggestions, which protect the remailer operators and the users:
a. Keep no records, use scripts to delete records that may be
generated that you have control over.
b. The "best" remailers will be on systems under the control of the
remailer operator himself (there seem to be a few of these), as he can
control archiving and logs.
c. Remailer operators should announce their policies on logs,
announcing their philosophy (e.g., "to protect myself, I keep copies
of all traffic through my remailer," or, "I keep no records
whatsover--once it's through my system, all traces are deleted."). d. Trust in what they remailer operators say is another big issue...if
the FBI operated a remailer, would you trust what they say? One avenue
for helping here is to have independent agents reporting on their
experiences, and perhaps confronting the remailers with evidence (such
as the "helpful messages" I 've sometimes gotten) of their actual
e. Increased use of encryption.
Lots more here. For now, just getting the remailers to publically
state their policies will be helpful. To us, in allowing better market
choice in which remailers we use, and to them by making their lack of
record-keeping (for example) a matter of public record.
Let's plan ahead for the day when Cypherpunks traffic, and remailer
records, get subpoenaed. That _could_ be the next test case.
I don't think I'm being paranoid. In any case, there are some fairly
easy _social_ changes to the remailer system that we can make that
will improve the security against traffic analysis and subpoenas.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-20 13:47:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: MISC: thought for the dat 
Speaking of crypto in "Star Trek," wasn't this in "The Wrath of Kahn"?
(Sorry, Eric, for wasting bandwidth...at least it's not a flame.)

@_date: 1993-09-21 00:51:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
Which reminds me of something I forgot to mention in my post yesterday
about remailer policies and the properties of "ideal mixes." Remailer
bombing (by volume, not the content) can of course be solved by
*digital postage*, the fee charged by a remailer. As with ordinary
postage, this reduces junk mail somewhat.
However, digital postage (and digital money in more general forms) is
not available now. A remailer could sell lists of numbers that act as
postage, using reputation/trust to "honor" them. (To avoid using them
for tracing, the lists could be bought from others, or traded with
others, or possibly even "blinded" a la Chaum. Digital postage is
sufficiently low-value (money-wise) that not as much attention to
detail is needed, at least not for trial use of "Pretty Good Digital
I think it's a good idea. Eric Messick has already proposed replacing
the message names in mail with something to maker traffic analysis
For anonymous postings to newsgroups, a prefix system voluntarily
adopted by users is another approach, e.g., "ANON: The Virtues of
It's doubtful that all users, or all remailers for that matter, will
ever adopt the same conventions for signalling an anonymous message,
so the problems will persist, albeit on a different scale.
Long range, a combination of pay-for-what-you-use digital postage and
"positive reputation filters" will be what a. keeps newsgroups from
being flooded with anonymous posts, and b. allows readers to find the
messages they want to read out of a huge pool of messages.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-21 12:16:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Master Key: A Clipper Story 
I enjoyed the Cypherpunk short story, "Master Key." Not perfect, maybe
longer than some would like, but generally entertaining.
It seems to me that writing scenarios for the future is a useful thing
to do, allowing exploration of various developments in a fictional
setting. This is a time-honored thing to do when new technologies
appear, and is something I've been trying to do for several years now
(writing a novel about the development of crypto anarchy, and have
been--gulp!--since 1988...maybe someday, unless events overtake me).
An editor might tighten up "Infocalypse"'s writing, and the whole idea
that Skipjack will fall to genetic programming techniques seems to be
a reach. But who knows....the truth is often stranger than fiction.
And the transition to a Clipper world seems to happen a bit faster
than I think is likely.
But these are quibbles. Highlighting the "house of cards" effect in using a centralized,
monolithically controlled crypto system (the Skipjack algorithm) is an
important contribution. If the public is to understand the
consequences of the kind of centralization favored by the Feds, e.g.,
Skipjack and the National Data Superhighway, then they'll need
understandable pieces like this.
As to the repeat mailing, this needs to be addressed by Infocalypse.
Maybe he sent it once, didn't see it within some reasonable time, and
sent it again.
As to length, and the "Hey, I pay for my mail" comments, bear in mind
that this story undoubtedly took Infocalypse a tremendous amount of
time to craft, whereas many of the many "forwardings" we get here on
this list are just as long and yet took almost no effort to send to
the list.
Thus, we should cut Infocalypse some slack. And congratulate him, in
Well done!
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-22 10:50:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: META: Re:  a horrible conspiracy revealed! 
Received: by toad.com id AA18101; Wed, 22 Sep 93 11:11:55 PDT
Received: by toad.com id AA18098; Wed, 22 Sep 93 11:11:39 PDT
Return-Path: Received: from maspar.MasPar.COM ([192.84.231.1]) by toad.com id AA18094; Wed, 22 Sep 93 11:11:37 PDT
Received: from armada by maspar.MasPar.COM (5.65/Ultrix3.0-C)
Received: by armada.MasPar.Com (5.57/Ultrix2.0-B)
Received: from cleo by argosy.MasPar.COM (5.65/Ultrix2.4-C)
Received: by cleo.MasPar.Com (5.57/Ultrix2.4-C)
Oops, mismanaged mailer ... -- Jay Freeman

@_date: 1993-09-25 00:35:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Contributions to Zimmermann--Where?? 
I'm preparing to write out a check for the Phil Zimmermann defense
fund (lawyers, fees, even in advance of an indictment, and hopefully
to head one off), but I seem to have lost the address of the
lawyers--this was in a posting in the last couple of days here.
(I also looked in various threads in sci.crypt, talk.politics.crypto,
etc., but I can't seem to find it.)
So, I'd appreciate it if someone could send it to me, or, even better,
post it again on the List....sort of a reminder that this case means a
lot to our future. If Phil--who appears to be the main target, never
mind that the _document subpoena_ was not directed at him this time
around--is successfully indicted, sent to trial, etc., then this will
have a chilling effect on others.
I'll have more to say about this after I've actually put my check in
the mail.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-29 10:36:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Orange book, the NSA, and the NCSC 
Dan Odom clarifies some information about NSA, NCSC, Orange Book
series, etc.:
I got on this list of automatic books several years ago and now have
about a dozen or more different publications, in different colors,
from blue to green to the famous orange. All from the National
Computer Security Center.
Nothing juicy, and not much fun (for me) to read. Unix gurus trying to
get better security classifications for their machines and systems
have to read this stuff, though.
Savage Road is the actual address of the Agency; Fort Meade per se is
huge. NCSC as created in 1984 as part of NSDD-145 (National Security
Decision Directive-145, a very important one). Prior to that date it
had been called the DoD Computer Security Center, located smack dab in
the center of SIGINT City.
(I visited in May of 1991, strictly to satisfy my own curiousity. The
closest I got was the front gate, with the newly installed "National
Security Agency" signs. Signs said "Das Photographen ist Strictly
Verboten," but I took a bunch anyway out my car window.)
I'd long been meaning to ask Dan about this. General Odom once was
introduced at a speech he was giving to Jim Bamford. Odom recoiled and
said "Sir, I consider you to be an unindicted felon."

@_date: 1993-09-29 11:56:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Orange book, the NSA, and the NCSC 
I mentioned NSDD-145 and Ed Carp asked for more information:
National Security Decision Directive 145 (NSDD-145) was signed by
Reagan in 1984 as the "National Policy on Telecommunications and
Automated Information Security."
It extended the charter of the NSA from just the protection of
government information (I'm talking about the COMSEC part of NSA, of
course) to commercial, non-gov't information as well. The "Commercial
COMSEC Endorsement Program" (CCEP).
(I believe COMSEC, Communications Security, has since been changed to
INFOSEC. One thing the Agency does is to frequently change the names
of groups, departments, functions. Security by bureaucracy I guess.)
You may recall that the Feds said around this time that DES was
basically dead, that the CCEP would result in a new line of crypto
systems...several companies, including Cylink, Intel, etc., developed
products for inclusion on the Evaluated Products List (EPL).
NSDD-145 also created the NCSC, as noted earlier. As everyone knows,
"DOCKMASTER" is a not-especially-secure machine used by
NCSC-affiliated researchers and vendors to send mail, etc. The
frequent comments about how the NSA/NCSC is "on the Net" are hardly
revelatory. Many machines are on the Net, and you can surely bet that
the important machines are not.
(And of course various nets exist. Milnet (or MILNET, or whatever) is
one, and various successors to the old AUTOVON and AUTODIN command and
control nets.)
The National Computer Security Act came later, circa 1987.
I have a lot more stuff in my files, but this ought to satisfy the
casually curious.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-30 11:06:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: FIDONet Censorship? 
FIDONet operators are sometimes blocking encrypted messages. So what
else is new?
Their machines, their rules. Strictly speaking, this is not
However, we can try to get them to change their rules. Better, route
around such machines.
John Gilmore has one of the best lines I've seen on this, quoted in
the new book by Howard Rheingold (something about "Living on the
Virtual Frontier," just out in the stores). John says something along
these lines:
"The Net tends to view censorship as damage and routes around it."
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-30 11:26:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Availability of ACM papers on Net ? 
Chaum's paper on the "Dining Cryptographers Problem," which appeared
in Vol. 1, No. 1 of the "Journal of Cryptology," was posted to the
list by the ILF (Information Liberation Front). It has appeared a
couple of times, so check the Cypherpunks archives.
The earlier CACM (the 1981 paper on "mixes," the seminal 1985 paper on
untraceable cash) papers are not likely to appear, I would guess.
First, these journals are widely available. Chaum's article in
"Scientific American" last summer is easy to find. Second, the many
diagrams and equations make ASCII presentation problematic. (Chaum's
DC-Net paper was mostly text, with no diagrams, so ASCII versions were
faithful.) Third, it takes a lot fo work ot scan and OCR a paper, even
one without equations and diagrams, and the payback just isn't there.
I will repeat here what I have said before: Anyone serious about this
stuff should take the few hours it will take to find a decent-sized
library and make copies of these and other important papers. ASCII
versions are not adequate.
The "crypto" section of libraries also will expose the visitor to the
whole universe of crypto--the journals, the Proceedings, the various
books. And Xeroxes of specific papers are cheap--a lot cheaper than having
someone spend several hours scanning and OCRing a paper, correcting
the many flaws, figuring out an ASCII representation of equations and
diagrams, etc. (Non-OCRed images are of course prohibitively large,
and I doubt my friends in the ILF are interested in this avenue.)
This is not a flame directed at Jeff, just a call for people to do
things the old-fashioned way, namely, to read the sources.
-Tim May

@_date: 1993-09-30 16:47:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
Matthew Landry has written a nice piece on the craziness of the current
system. "Political" stuff like this is nice to see, even though he's
preaching to the choir here.
Well done!
P.S. Your line length is too long. Try trimming it to 72-76
characters, to make quoting less problematic.
-Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-01 01:14:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Russians Break RSA? 
Friends, I just grabbed this of the ClariNet news feed on Netcom...I'm not
supposed to forward anything from this service (so don't tell Brad
Templeton!), but this appeared to be too important not to pass on as
quickly as possible.
Apparently those rumors that the Russians, always topnotch
mathematicians, had developed public key crypto in the 1950s or early
60s are true--my hero Kolmogorov developed this when he was technical
director at Kryptogorodok, the secret city of Soviet cryptographers
hidden in the Urals (and first visited by an outsider, Stephen
Wolfram, only a couple of years ago).
Here's the report on a news conference announcing the cracking of
their Kolmogorov system, which is equivalent to our own RSA. I haven't
had a chance to talk to John Markoff, who was at the press conference,
to get his comments.

@_date: 1994-04-01 11:13:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Our Tax dollars at work! (NOT a sick joke) 
Lefty's original point ("Gosh, we're slow today kids...") also ignored
the point that all of us who "got it" mostly had the good sense not to
comment, thus skewing the sampling process.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-01 11:30:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Number of Legal Chess Games 
On the question someone asked about the number of chess games...
My recollection is that a fairly careful calculation of the number of
legal games between good players (see Note below) is about 10^140.
The number of legal Go games is vastly larger, around 10^700. (Each
board position has far more branch positions, the Go board being 19 x
I have a bunch of Go books, and some computer chess books (Levy), but
I can't find the calculation referenced. It's not a "plug in"
calculation, either, as a lot of empirical cruft (good moves, winning
configurations, etc.) gets taken into account. But I think the basic
estimate of around 10^140 is well-accepted. It might be as "low" as
10^120 or as "high" as 10^160, for example, but that's the right
ballpark, from what I've seen.
As a reminder, it is estimated that there are about 10^72 particles in
the entire universe. Thus, about 10^60 games of chess for each and
every particle in the universe. The situation with Go is even more
extreme. Welcome to the strange and exciting world of combinatorial
explosion. (Note: If two infinitely powerful agents played, the number would
presumably drop, as each would see the implications--chess not being a
game of chance--of who made the first move and one side would resign.
Lesser agents would have more games, presumably. Even lesser agents,
novices, might eventually have _fewer_ games, as the games stumbled
into wins earlier on. A novice against a grandmaster should also have
far fewer games. as the grandmaster wins quickly. At what point of
expertise the "maiximum" number of games exists is an interesting
For further info, I'd recommend the many good books on computer
chess....I'm sure that some of them sketch out how these calculations
are done. I've recently seen several new books on computer Go and
computer chess, which technical bookstores and libraries should have.
Also, asking on rec.games.chess and rec.games.go might produce better
results than here on Cypherpunks. The question might well even be in a
FAQ for rec.games.chess...now I'm curious about this and will go
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-01 19:19:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Left, Right, Up, Down--Libertarian Ideas 
Check out the "Nolan Chart," which is a fairly common classification
in _two_ dimensions. Libertarians often use it to recruit members, by
showing that the views of people they ask ("Do you favor legalizing
drugs?" etc.) are often more similar to the libertarian position than
to others. I don't have an ASCII version handy, but maybe someone here does.
In fairness to my left-leaning friends (Dave Mandl as a good example),
the questions in the Nolan Chart test are designed to make almost
anyone appear to be a libertarian.
I could phrase the same points differently and make anyone appear to
be a statist. For example: "Do you believe shops should be allowed to
refuse service to blacks?"
Now I happen to believe the answer is "yes." But then I understand the
market effects, the basic rights, etc. (I also believe airlines can
set weight limits, or any other limits, on its stewardesses, that gyms
can be "men only" if they wish, that this list can kick off anyone
they (the anonymous "they") wish, and so on.) My point is that the left-right classification has in fact been
improved upon. Encouragingly, very few arguments on this list revolve
around conventional left-right distinctions.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-01 19:26:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: RSA Broken by the Russians? 
My April Fool's Day spoof was a success, by my own standards at least.
Thanks for the personal notes sent to me.
I decided last night to forward it to sci.crypt and sci.math, where it
got at least one serious response (i.e., someone who didn't get the
joke, at least not until the end) and a reasonably funny followup by
David Sternlight himself. Sternlight (whom I mentioned as "Bowdark")
showed himself not be utterly lacking in sense of humor.
I sent this follow-up out tonight.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,sci.math
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
Yes, it was an April Fool's Day spoof. Yes, I wrote it. (Some folks
wrote to me, asking where I got it from.)
I'm writing here to make a couple of points.
First, it was Stephen Wolfram's actual suggestion, a couple of years
ago, after the USSR imploded, that we try to recruit mathematicians
and programmers from what he surmised must exist: a secret city of
Soviet cryptographers. It probably exists. We did it at Los Alamos,
they did it with their rocket scientists and others (Akademogorodok
exists), so why not put their version of NSA a bit off the beaten
track? Note that our own NSA is within a stone's throw of the
Baltimore-Washington Parkway. I wouldn't be surprised to learn that
their experts were ensconced somewhere in the Urals.
I tried to acknowledge Steve with my comments. By the way, so far as I
know, no word has come out on whether he was right in this
speculation. (Maybe some of the Russians he does in fact have working
at Wolfram are these folks? Naw...)
Second, Kolmogorov did basic work on information theory, probability,
and statistics. One has to assume he had ties to the Soviet
cryptography effort (about which little has been written about, so
far). If anyone in Russia could have seen public key methods coming,
he is a candidate. No evidence that he or any other Russian did,
Third, my references to Denning and Sternlight were perhaps not
riotously funny (though I didn't aim for a rioutously funny tone).
Especially in light of David Sternlight's excellent follow-up
here....never let it be said that David lacks a sense of humor. The
Denning reference was to her own comments about spending a weekend or
so trying (and failing, not surprisingly) to crack the Skipjack
algorithm. (Real ciphers often take years to break, as with the
knapsack algorithm, recent crunching of DES, etc.).
Fourth, the "Many Worlds" interpretation of quantum mechanics does
exist, and leads to approaches such as I described. It's also a
hypothetical way to ensure one's wealth: simply bet everything you own
at 1000-to-1 odds and then commit suicide in all universes in which
you lose. Not very convincing, I agree. Hans Moravec writes about this
in his "Mind Children," 1987.
Finally, I used the headers and format of a real article in the
ClariNet system, then made modifications. Given that the Supreme Court
has recently ruled in favor of "fair use" for satire, I hope my
version of "2 Live Crew meets RSA" does not get my sued.
(I could just kill myself in all realities in which Brad sues me....)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-02 01:26:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Detweiler is Back 
The recent flood of "DEATH TO THE XXXX" posting, with my sig block
attached at the bottom (note that sig block NEQ signature), tells us
that Detweiler is back.
My strong suspicion is that he is using "tmp at netcom.com" as his new
posting site, for reasons I will list below. If "tmp" is actually
_not_ Detweiler, my aplogies. But I doubt I'll have to apologize.
1. The appearance of tmp's innocent-appearing question about
"cryptoanarchy" just an hour or so before the "DEATH TO..." postings.
And followups to this issue.
2. "tmp" was also the name Detweiler--or a close facsimile of
Detweiler--was using a few weeks ago to post more of the same. That
"tmp" was at a colorado site, which I don't recall the full name of.
3. However, the latest "tmp" is _also_ at a Colorado site, as "fin" on
my Netcom system shows:
{Netcom:19} fin tmp
Login       Name              TTY Idle    When    Where
tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???            qd      Fri 22:49  NETCOM-den1.netc    tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???            uc   NETCOM-den1.netc    tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
tmp             ???                < .  .  .  . >
"den1" is of course the Denver POP (point of presence) of Netcom.
This suggests he is telnetting into Netcom from another machine---a
useful strategy for him, as Netcom will almost certainly take no
action against him. The few entries (2) suggest a relatively new
A full "finger" shows little more.
4. He is also using the TeX-style `quote' symbols (instead of
'these'), previously found to be strongly correlated with Detweiler.
5. In a private message to him, after his first request for
infromation on `cryptoanarchy,' in which I called him "Larry," (which
he denied, but gave no more details), he ended by saying that
cryptoanarchy could be useful for some nice pranks. And he closed with
a "(hee hee)." Need I say more?
I expect to be getting angry, puzzled, curious questions from some of
the folks he mailbombed with this stuff....folks at NBC Nightly News,
"Wired," various newsgroups, and, of course, you folks.
As I mentioned to Eric Hughes and Hugh Daniel in an earlier message
(which theen't even read yet), I'm partly tempted to
just say nothing, gotta go...Netcom is being shut down in seconds...

@_date: 1994-04-03 14:53:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: THOUGHT:  International Electronic Declaration of Rights 
Robert Hayden proposes:
Think "absence of centralized law," not "what new laws and "rights"
can we think up?" A dangerous idea, and one I certainly can't support. I don't speak for
others, though, so will make my points here.
As you'll see, I don't think Robert's ideal are very libertarian at
all. (The motivations may be, but anytime one speaks of a "right of
access" to something that costs money, that is the product of another
person's labor and ingenuity.....well, why not a right declaring
access to shelter and transportation, etc., shall not be denied based
on an inability to pay? And so on.
Yes, the U.N. has quite a fascist declaration of rights. It includes
such chestnuts as a right to a job, a right to shelter, a right to
medical care, and the right of a country to control its press (cf. the
UNESCO fiasco). No thanks.
So if you are in my house or on my mailing list and you begin
detweilering, I have no recourse? I can't "retaliate" because that
would violate your rights?
Again, Detweiler, Gannon, Hitler, and Rush Limbaugh *must* be
tolerated in all forums? Huh?
If I run a mailing list, or a service, or lease time on my networks or
computers, then I don't want any crap about "due process" to stop me
from throwing folks off who haven't paid, who haven't followed my
rules, who have been abusive beyond my threshold, etc. The "due
process" stuff has tainted what used to be a matter between buyer and
seller, between patron and owner, between agents free to make or not
make deals.
OK, so a women's list can't exist in this Cyberspatial Utopia? What will
the prison term be for excluding straights from a gay list? How many
years in the gulag for running a cyberspace group that caters to
Catholics and excludes Satanists?
"Access" to this list, to my list, to your list, to Fred's Network, to
a movie theater, to a concert, to a private gym, to whatever, is not a
This is your basic flaw--all later flaws flow from this error.
The good news, though, is that strong crypto will make attempts to
enforce such notions of "rights" a losing proposition.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-03 16:17:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: THOUGHT: International Electronic Declaration of Rights 
(I've elided material to shorten the article, never to misrepresent
his remarks.)
The "anarchy of ideas," as manifested in the free market for books,
records, movies, food, lifestyles, etc., has worked pretty well for a
very long time. Most of our lives is not yet under regulated access,
and the burden of proof is clearly on Robert to explain why he thinks
cypberspace _should_ be regulated (I'm not saying he thinks it
_should_ be, but he is claiming it likely _will_ be and that
Cypherpunks should therefore help to develop the laws that will be
Freedom from coercion works pretty well. This underscores the danger with most such utopian ideals. I submit
that only a minimalist set of postulates will work, and even that
causes endless problems (witness the constant debate about the meaning
of each and every clause of the U.S. Constitution).
The proper solution to the "improper forum" problem is to not have
communally owned resources when privately owned facilities work. This
list, for example, is *not* a "public good*, and sufficiently
disruptive folks can be denied access. With crypto, it's much easier.
By the way, the Justice who made the "shouting 'fire'"" argument later
said he regretted ever using this line of reasoning.
A distinction without a difference. Think about it.
Well, no. You don't have such a right. Imagine that I have hired you
to represent me in court. You do "your job" well enough, but then
badmouth me on the Oprah Winfrey show. I fire you. Have I violated
your right to free speech? Of course not.
Empoyees are free to leave, indentured servitude not being legal
(though it should be, but that's another debate, for another time).
Employers are free to fire employees...that's how I see things (the
courts have decided otherwise. Again, another debate_).
Most universities are scared shitless, for good reason, that a comment
like "Lesbians are pigs" will get them sued for multiple millions of
dollars. That the Womyn's Studies Department will boycott the computer
network. That the campus newspaper will denounce the university as a
hotbed of right-wing assault speech. Hence, universities adopt "speech
codes" which is a topic unto itself (cf. alt.censorship,
*.*.academic-freedom, comp.org.eff.talk, etc.).
For-profit companies, like Netcom, mostly don't _care_ what
subscribers say. Prodigy does, and Prodigy is losing.
Mandating that a network service _must be_ like Netcom, and not
allowing it to be like Prodigy or MormonNet or PeaceNet, is a cure
that is much more frightening than the disease.
If I want only Catholics to be able to use my service, what's wrong
with that? Or only crypto supporters on Cypherpunks? Remember, the incoming and outgoing physical lines to one's home may
presently be a potential for monopoly--potentially--but _places_ and
_channels_ in cyberspace cannot be monopolized....if you don't like
Prodigy or Compuserve, switch to Panix or Netcom. In the future,
absent government's interference, a zillion more channels will arise.
Nope, I think we're in rather sharp disagreement. Still, I never considered this to be any kind of flame war. (I think
too many people are using the term "flame war" loosely. Debate is not
a flame war. A flame war is when personal insults replace attention to
points, when epithets are hurled, when mailbombs are used, and when
the flamers go outside the normal channels, such as Detweiler did when
he attached my signature block to his garbage and then posted it
Robert is right, vis-a-vis his comment about flame wars, in that I
expect to see at least several postings of the form "This is not what
I joined Cypherpunks to hear about. I joined to hear about PGP and
other K00l warez." To those who do not wish to read political
commentary, be it about Clipper or a "Cypherpunks Bill of Rights"
(ugh!), then just hit "delete" and move on.
The structures in cyberspace, and the methods for avoiding repetition
of the statist control so beloved by governments, is my main interest
in these topics, and has been for half a dozen years. I don't plan to
stop talking about these issues.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-03 19:15:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cyberspace, Crypto Anarchy, and Pushing Limits 
Cyberspace, Crypto Anarchy, and Pushing Limits
This messages touches on two topics of recent interest (to some) here:
1. Setting up payment systems for message transmission, to handle the
issues of "mailbombing" and "flooding" in a more natural way (locality
of reference, user of a service pays, avoidance of the "Morris Worm"
explosion effects which could've happened with Detweiler bombed us, as
Hal noted).
2. The general issue of "Cyberspace." This lies at the
root of some recent disagreements here, and is worthy of more
discussion. Crypto will make this a very real cusp issue in the next
several years.
Why debate it now? What could possibly come out of such a debate?
It happens that I'm reading a wonderful new book by Kip Thorne,
entitled "Black Holes and Space Warps." This is widely available in
bookstores, in hardback only at this time. ($30, but it's a whopping
big book, and I got it at Barnes and Noble for $24. Speaking of Barnes
and Noble, the Santa Clara store is selling Li and Vitanyi's "Intro.
to Kolmogorov Complexity" book for $44, before the 20% hardback
discount, which may be a mispricingm, as I paid $60 for mine. Check it
out if you're interested....I think there were two copies.)
Thorne has spent 30 years studying gravitational collapse and black
holes, and was a coauthor of the famed 1973 book on "Gravitation,"
which I got to use in a Xeroxed form for my general relativity class
in 1973.
The point? Thorne describes his involvement with Carl Sagan in working
out the physics of time travel via wormholes. Thorne had an epiphany:
however unlikely the engineering or financing of something is, there
is something valuable to be gained in examining the absolute limits of
what is possible without regard for engineering practicalities. Thus,
he and his students looked into the implications of an extremely
advanced civilization able to somehow hold open the mouth of a
wormhole. The conclusions are fascinating and led to a new line of
thinking about the structure of space-time.
Pushing limits and seeing "ideal" behavior is invigorating.
The connection to crypto is this: Perhaps we should be thinking more
about the implicaitons and effects of strong crypto, digital money,
ideal remailers, etc., assuming that certain practical problems that
bedevil us today are, or soon will be, solved. To some extent we
already do this, as when we discuss Chaum's ideal mixes in the same
way engineer's discuss ideal op amps--a useful abstraction of behavior
in the limit that lesser, real world implementations can then be
contrasted with.
And of course many of us have found Vernor Vinge's "True Names" to be
an excellent (and quickly readable) treatment of how things could work
in a world of fast, cheap, and secure communication. Other writers
have seen things differently (e.g., "Shockwave Rider," "1984," "Snow
Here, to cut to the chase, are some brief statements of what I see as
the "behavior in the limits." I won't elaborate on them right now.
* "Pay as you go" is the natural way to handle most economic
transactions. There are exceptions, of course, such as insurance,
contracts for future perfomance, etc., but for the most part money is
used to mediate immediate exchanges. For a timely example, why can
your enemies not "junk mail bomb" you with truly large (tons) of junk
mail? Junk mail, as we call it, is in relatively small volumes (at
most a mailbox full, except for celebrities perhaps) because of one
simple thing: someone has to pay for the delivery! There is no
possibility of a "free" way to "Make 19 copies of this ton of garbabe
and mail them to your enemies." That there is with software--the
remailer bombing by Detweiler, the 1988 Morris Worm, the "Dave Rhodes"
chain letters--is due to some flaws in the current Net model:
- costs of message trasnmission are not directly borne by senders
(encourage overuse by some of scarce resources, a la the "tragedy of
the commons').
- sites and remailers will respond to "instructions" to send the
message on, to make copies of it, etc.
* I thus consider it imperative that we develop as quickly as we can
the following:
- payment systems for message transmission (I've argued for "digital
postage" as a first and comparatively easy application of digital
money, others have as well, and Ray Cromwell just today issued his own
proposal....time we get going on this. And lest you think I'm calling
for altruism here, I think some fortunes will be made in this area.)
- anonymous or identity-obscuring protocols, a la Chaum.
- a general move away from "commons"-oriented systems, which breed the
notions of "fair access" and such. If the "problem" is that poor
people cannot--it is alleged--afford a $17 a month Net connection
(what Netcom charges, in about 25 cities and growing), then my
solution would be to simply _subsidize_ their bill. (I'm not
advocating this, nor do I think it wise to subsidize anyone's phone,
Net, or dinner bills, but better this than "nationalizing" networks
and thus creating more confusion and less efficiency for all.)
* Connectivity will be altered dramatically, The "distance" in
cyberspace is already uncorrelated to physical distance. (Hardly
surprising, as this was apparent with the telephone. But a useful way
of looking at cyberspace, as being a space of radically altered
connectivities and distances.)
* Local access to service, the phone or cable lines that reach the
home or office, is a potential bottleneck. But once a connection is
made to a local node where multiple competitors exist (that is, once
beyond the local government-granted monopoly), the possibility of
"censorship" decreases rapidly, for several reasons.
- thus, push for "encrypted access" lines from a terminal node (home,
office) to a point with unlimited connectivity.
- this is the situation I now have with my PacBell line and Netcom:
PacBell doesn't "care" what I use the local line for, and once
outside, I can dial a less-censorious Netcom rather than a Big
Brotherish AOL or Prodigy.
* Cyberspace is infinitely colonizable. No limits to growth.
(Assumption: realization of cyberspace is on various machines and
networks, which are not free, nor infinite. But the "no limits" comes
from ease with which those near a "boundary" can simply push out that
boundary with more CPU resource, more networks, etc.).
* Crypto means access to "regions" can be controlled by "owners":
- "my house, my rules" enforced locally, without central State
- esseentially unbreakable security (in crypto sense)
* By the way, strong crypto is the "building material" of
cyberspace...the mortar, the bricks, the support beams, the walls.
Nothing else can provide the "permanence"...without crypto, the walls
are subject to collapse at the first touch by a malicious person or
agency. With crypto, not even a 100 megaton H-bomb can breach the
(If you think I'm exaggerating, do some calculations on the energy to
break a 1000-decimal-digit modulus.)
* No "zoning laws" will be needed, or possible, in cyberspace. (Neil
Stephenson's "Snow Crash," while a wonderful and thought-provoking
read, got it wrong here: cyberspace is too extensible and locally
controllable.) * Physical location of cyberspace locations will be increasingly hard
to pin down. A vast "labyrinth of rooms and corridors" might be
physically instantiated on a computer in Malaysia, while a "virtual
gambling hall" is being run via cryptographic cutouts (remailers) from
someone's bedroom in Provo, Utah.
* The talk about "access rules" is thus shown to be meaningless,
unless the governments crack down on networks, crypto, and private
systems in a way far beyond anything now being talked about.
This is the "crypto anarchy" I have been writing about since 1988.
Cyberspace will turn out to be a far vaster frontier than _anything_
we have seen so far. With "only" 10^70 or so particles in the entire
universe, there's vastly more "space" (address space, key space, etc.)
in even a relatively small set of digits. Cyberspace is mathematical
space, and its spaciousness is truly unlimited.
And we'll be moving our trade, our entertainment, and much of our
lives into cyberspace a whole lot faster than we'll be slowly moving
into low Earth orbit and beyond. In fact, I consider that I'm already
half-way in. In a few years, with Mosaic-like one-touch connectivity,
with a plethora of network choices, with secure remailers and similar
tools to anonymize my transactions, I'll be so far in there'll be
turning back.
Enough for these remarks rigth now. I think it makes sense to take a
slightly longer-range view of the inevitable trends, to see where
we're going, to see what issues need more work.
I hope some of you agree with me.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-04 01:56:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cyberspace, Crypto Anarchy, and Pushing Limits 
Sorry to be writing so much today, but these topics of
crypto-cypberpolitics are of great interest to me.
Hal Finney raised good points. I won't elide any material:
I don't mean that it's a 2-D or 3-D (nor do I mean it's a tres-trendy
N-dimensional space, though it's more that than it is a simple space,
a la "Snow Crash"). Rather, we can create and maintain "worlds" which
may be mailing lists (with input from others), publications ("Wired"
is certainly a cyberspace, subject largely to the rules set down by
its owners, publishers, editors, and writers---with market forces
shaping the evolution of it), organizations, and so forth.
These "worlds" or cyberspaces have access points, internal
consistency/structure, metrics, geometries, topologies, etc. I agree
that it's not always terribly _useful_ to force-fit things into a
spatial model....sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, and sometimes a
magazine is just a magazine.
But the interactivity of things like this list, and the Extropians
list (where Hal and I and others debated this "is the list the propery
of the Extropian Institute" issue), and of so many similar things says
that these cyberspaces are taking on a very real existence. In another
10 or 15 years, commerce will move more noticeably into the domain of
these constructed realities, other structures will similarly
complexify, and the "colonization of cyberspace" will be made manifest.
Right now, the list is effectively "owned" by Eric Hughes, with no
input from me (and I like it that way, frankly!). Only he can delete
users....he never has, to my knowledge, not even Detweiler (LD asked
to be removed, last November or so).
John Gilmore owns the machine(s) it runs on, and also graciously
provides the meeting space for our physical meetings, at his company
Cygnus. Hugh Daniel is also invvolved in various capacities.
There's little need for overt expressions of ownership, because few
issues have needed it. Detweiler has been the only troublemaker. A few
others have gotten wound up about some issue, posted a lot, then
either settled down or left the list. There are no formal offices or
staff, unlike CPSR, EFF, etc., so no need for a budget, votes, etc.
(Cypherpunks has never held a vote, never made up a formal charter, etc.)
But the list has a "cultural life" that provides an operational way of
viewing the ownership issue. Let us examine what whould happen under
various contingencies:
- If Eric Hughes were to leave the list, another person would take
over his duties. Just as "Pink Floyd" outlived the departure of Roger
Waters (and Syd Barrett almost 25 years ago), so, too, the list would
- If John Gilmore were to take away his machine, things would likely
stumble along for a few weeks until another machine could be found.
Manual list distribution, running it on Netcom or Panix, finding a
university site....all are possible. - The rest of us are important for the things we contribute and would
not effect the list if we left.
So, in this sense the list does not belong to any single person, but
to an emergent group. (Where it used to get silly on the Extropians
list was when someone would claim that their participation has given
them some kind of "squatters rights" to have a say in the running of
the List....that's patently false. Ditto for the Cypherpunks list: the
anarchic approach works well, but not when someone makes a claim that
they have some kind of voting power over things.)
Well, of coure that "conceptual space" is precisely what I am talking
about. But more than just a conceptual space: a set of economica and
social interactions, a persistent structure, reputations, webs of
trust and reputation, and all that stuff.
The Internet, and especially Usenet, are already this kind of
"distributed meeing place." Nothing revelatory there. (This doesn't
mean improvements won't happen....paying for services is one such thing.)
It'll be easier to "fence off" regions of cyberspace becausee one
_creates_ them out of nothingness and then uses controls access. In
the "Wired" example, there was not some Platonic ideal of the "high
tech magazine" out there that the founders of "Wired" staked a claim
on and then fended off claim-jumpers. Rather, the founders of "Wired"
created a product, a set of ideas and styles, a pool of writers and
artists, and said: "This is our world. You can enter it for $4.95 an
An important difference. The realities are created, not claimed. Just
as books are created, not claimed. (Needless to say, the virtual
worlds of authors, fictional genres, art, etc., are prime examples of
these conceptual spaces. They are every bit as "real" and important to
most of us as the supposedly real world around us. Calling them
"cyberspaces" may be a stretch, but when computers are used to help
support and maintain the world-like illusion, I have no problem
calling them cyberspaces.)
Ditto for Mosaic-driven, 1280x1024 full-color "worlds" on the hardware
of 5 years from now. The designers with special talents will be able
to command a premium for their worlds, their mailing lists (mailing
lists can have software architectures, too, as the Extropians list
software shows). The may license their methods out, creating
"Cyberspace Construction Kits." The same way skilled architects shaped
the physical colonization of cities and suburbs.
I hope this clarifies what I mean by cyberspaces and the infinite
colonizability of them.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-04 11:45:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: This List--Public, Private, or Other? 
I have a few more things to say on the question Hal raised: is this
list privately owned, publically owned, or is it something else?
* It's effectively under the control of the folks mentioned (Huhges,
Gilmore, Daniel, etc.), but....
* anyone with access to the mailing list names (cf. majordomo) could
"invite" subscribers to try another list. Detweiler tried something
like this with his "cypherwonks" group. The point: the "list" could
move around.
* sufficiently bizarre management practices on the List, such as if
Eric decided to really crown himself King, would cause folks to leave.
The point: the "list" is not permanent.
* anyone trying to create their own Cypherpunks-type list would have
to deal with inertia, head starts (by us), and so on. The point:
sometimes inertia wins.
In different words, the list exists as an "emergent phenomenon," like
a popular trend or a fad. It's "official" existence is not crucial, as
that could evaporated, change, etc.
The hundreds of subscribers (can it really be 700?) find this list
presumably more convenient than forming their own list, recruiting
members, and achieving some critical mass.
Call it a "Schelling point" in cyberspace, a meeting place. (A
Schelling point is named after the game theorist, and can best be
quickly described by an example: if Hal Finney and I agree to meet in
Washington, D.C., without making further plans as to place, where
might we meet? The Air and Space Museum? The base of the Washington
Monument, the EFF offices? A limited number of points are likely to be
independently picked by us--these are Schelling points for us.
Prices are often Schelling points.)
If enough of us "moved" to another list, or another machine, then
that's "where" the Cypherpunks list would move to (it didn't happen
with "Cypherwonks," for various and obvious reasons).
The concept of "ownership" is thus tenuous. I would liken it to the
"ownership" by a store of its customer base. Fry's Electronics "owns"
the hacker-technophile customers it attracts in such throngs
throughout the Bay Area, and no one (except the State, of course) can
come in and command them to change their policies. But Fry's must be
careful to not lose its customer base, which could easily happen (and
will eventually, in all likelihood).
To wrap it up: Cyberspace ownership has more similarities to the
voluntary asssociations desscribed here--customer bases, clubs,
subscriptions to magazines, etc.--than to conventional ideas of
"public" and "private" property ownership.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-04 12:03:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Economic assumptions 
Ah, but the issue of mail overload is _rarely_ caused by what a person
can personally type! Rather, by the _forwardings_ of other masses of
stuff, written by others. "MAKE.MONEY.FAST" is but the most recent
example. Not to mention images, coredumps, etc.  (There's a guy on
Netcom who, interestingly, sets his "plan" file to be redirected to a
file called "/vmunix," which apparently dumps a nearly unending stream
of stuff onto one's screen.)
If data delivery is free, then what will the service providers (be
they PacBell, Yoyodyne Enterprises, or (ugh) the government) do when I
choose to take whatever bandwidth I can get and simply _fill_ it.
After all, if it's "free" and "unmetered," then I can fill it to
capacity (if I can). Or will there be quotas?
(If the answer is "No fees, no quotas, use as much as you can," then I
maintain it will be relatively easy to continue to flood sites. Flood
them worse than anything we've seen so far, in fact. I'll go out on a
limb and speculate that cheap delivery makes a fee schedule of some
sort _more important_, not less important. Of course, this is up to
the service providers; anyone who wishes to provded a free bandwidth
link should be free to do so!)
I was always skeptical of George Gilder's "fibersphere" assertions,
that the fibers will be mostly "dark" because of a shortage of things
to say, for example, and that usage would be "too cheap to meter."
(Hmmmhh, where have I heard _that_ before?)
Things will get much cheaper, that's for sure, but never free. (This
is not an ideological statement, but a practical statement, in my
I can think of certain malicious persons--and I expect more of them in
the future, not fewer--who would mount "denial of service" attacks on
sites they didn't like by turning the firehoses of data on them.
Of course, I expect sites to be able to refuse delivery without being
charged, so clever mail-filtering agents will be essential.
TANSTAAFL--There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Link
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-04 12:59:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The AntiCash -- was: Electronic Purse Press Release 
Thanks to Christopher Allen for passing on that latest "Digital Purse"
proposal. I won't quote-and-comment here.
Does this system provide _any_ protection againt fine-granularity
monitoring of payer identity? The talk of "clearinghouses" and the
involvement of VISA International and the Usual Suspects suggest
identity-blinding protocols are not in use. I also see no mention of
DigiCash, or even RSA (but maybe I missed that--and the presence of
RSA would not necessairly mean identity-blinding protocols were being
Likely Scenario: This is *not* digital cash as we think of it. Rather,
this is a future evolution of the cash ATM card and credit card,
optimized for faster and cheaper clearing.
Scary Scenario: This could be the vehicle for the long-rumored
"banning of cash." (Just because conspiracy theorists and Number of
the Beast Xtian fundamentalists belive it doesn't render it
There are many "reasons" to ban cash and make it all electronic:
* War on Drugs....need I say more?
* surface the underground economy, by withdrawing paper currency and
forcing all monetary transaction into forms that can be easily
monitored, regulated, and taxed.
* reduce theft of welfare checks, disability payments, etc....a
problem in some locales, and automatic deposit/cash card approaches
are being evaluated. * illegal immigrants, welfare cheats, etc. Give everyone a National
Identity Card (they'll call it something different. to make it more
palatable, such as "Social Services Portable Inventory Unit" or
"Health Rights Document").
There was a time when I would've said Americans, at least, would've
rejected such a thing. Too many memories of "Papieren, bitte. Macht
schnell!" But I now think most Americans (and Europeans) are so used
to producing documents for every transaction, and so used to using
VISA cards and ATM cards at gas stations, supermarkets, and even at
flea markets, that they'll willingly--even eagerly--adopt such a
Make no mistake, this is not the digital cash that Cypherpunks
espouse. This gives the credit agencies and the government (the two
work hand in hand) complete traceability of all purchases, automatic
reporting of spending patterns, target lists for those who frequent
about-to-be-outlawed businesses, and invasive surveillance of all
inter-personal economic transactions.
This is the AntiCash.
Beware the Number of the AntiCash.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-04 13:16:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: This List--Public, Private, or Other? 
...stuff elided...
Well, I have _never_ said that anyone can "lay claim to ownership" of
a conversation! I had hoped I had made this clearer.
Think of a coffehouse. Perhaps in Vienna in the 1920s and 30s, when
the Vienna Circle was meeting....Wittgenstein, Freud, Carnap,
Reichenbach, Popper, others. Nobody "owned" their conversation, but
certainly the coffeehouse owner was free to set his polices, his
"two-espresso minimums," whatever.
This is why I specifically mentioned Mosaic, WWW, and other "future"
systems. This is why "Pushing the Limits" was part of the title of my
thread. I don't see Hal's point here....I am not just focussing on the
current approach to mailing lists. This is why the broader issues of
cyberspace are so interesting.
Both Hal and I left the Extropians list, for whatever reasons. But
saying that things can lose value is not inconsistent with the
ownership of the forum or place....that was my Fry's Electronics
example. Fry's does not "own" its customer base, and it could easily
lose it. But it owns its own places of businesses and thus can set
policies without "democratic input" from other folks who _claim_ to
own a part of it.
I agree with Hal here.
But on the issue of "ownership," laws will play a small role. Crypto
will provide the key. Regions in cyberspace will be "owned" by the
"right of arms" of the creators/colonizers being the ones able to
control access, limit behaviors, etc.
Of course, no one can be forced to visit "Tim's Cyberspace
Coffeehouse." But if they do, a la the Fry's Electronics or Vienna
examples, it's "my house, my rules."
It's amazingly straightforward.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-04 21:13:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: This List--Public, Private, or Other? (fwd) 
I hope Ray was not counting me in with those who left the Extropian
list because they "disliked the code-of-conduct rules with respect to
politeness and the enforcement of them."
I left for a number of reasons, most of which I chose not to spell out
when I left. Of the several notable folks who left, for various
reasons I'm sure, Hal Finney left long before this issue arose, Perry
Metzger became dormant also before this issue arose, I left in January
for these aforementioned multiple reasons, and the only one I know of
who left over a conflict such as Ray describes was Vince Kirchner,
who left the list a few days after I did (I missed the big blow-up).
The Extropians are a fine bunch, and I enjoyed my 18 months on the
list. Ultimately, it was taking too much of my time for too little new
information in return, certain folks were treating the "Extropian
Principles 2.0" as a kind of catechism to be quoted to doubters, and
the personal invective was intensifying. I chose to leave and to use
the saved time to learn to play the electric guitar....seriously.
I had great fun with the concept of the "PPL" (privately-produced law)
justice system. At the encouragement of Harry Shapiro and other list
folks, I was the first to create an independent PPL, which I dubbed
"Mr. May's Greater Extropia." (You may see the reference to "Snow
Crash.") My PPL agreed to hear cases from other PPLs at the reasonable
rate of $100 an hour....$100 in real, U.S. currency. (This could not
argued against, as surely the Extropians could not argue for
wage-price controls!) This was received in good humor by Harry, at
least from his comments to me, and was not the source of my leaving.
It is true that Max More, the Extropian Maximalus, and I did exchange
some harsh words, mostly over Max's dislike of my pointing out some
disturbing parallels between Extropianism and certain religions. I
don't believe Max is a huckster, a la L. Ron Hubbard and
Dianetics/Scientology, but it is also the case that I found nothing
personally very interesting or satisfying in centering arguments
around ideas like "Dynamic Optimism" and "Unbounded Rationality" (I
never did learn the exact wording of the Five Principles, so bear with
I remain on good terms with the many Extropian folks who I see at Bay
Area events and parties, and I even talked to Max at a party several
weeks ago. I wish them well, as our interests often coincide (and many
are on the Cypherpunks list), but I have some doubts that membership
will grow significantly--the type of bright, independent,
anarcho-capitalist folks drawn to discussions of the sort Extropians
like to engage in are seldom interested in dogma, even if the dogma is
Rational and Dynamically Optimistic. Whatever reasons I had for leaving the Extropians list are
complex...but I suspect you can all tell from my skeptical tone above
that my reasons had more to do with disenchantment with the general
tone of the group than it had to do with any kind of rejection of the
concept of codes-of-conduct (something I used to argue _for_, as Ray
and Harry can attest).
I just wanted to set the record straight. I know that Ray did not
single me out in his comments, but I think it's safe to say that my
departure was a high-profile event, due to my many postings to their
list, and so Ray's comments might be taken to apply to me. No false
modesty from me.
I support Ray's point about the value of mailing lists in creating the
kind of "private spaces" I've been talking about. A mailing list is
essentially just that, a "private space."
And I support Ray's point that we need both improved remailer features
_and_ some concept of digital postage. I hope Ray can pull this off.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-05 12:02:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Psychological Warfare Primer 
Thanks to Jeff Davis for writing such an interesting essay!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-07 12:46:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I'm a little surprised 
First, it was discussed and commented upon when the "Time" article
came out. I remember several people forwarding the entire article or
portions of it.
Second, the relevant quote is already being included in some people's
sig blocks. For example:
"In a Time/CNN poll of 1,000 Americans conducted last week by
Yankelovich Partners, two-thirds said it was more important to protect
the privacy of phone calls than to preserve the ability of police to
conduct wiretaps. When informed about the Clipper Chip, 80% said they
opposed it."  Philip Elmer-Dewitt, "Who Should Keep the Keys", Time,
Mar.  4, 1994.
I think it's gotten a _lot_ of attention. You just must be skipping a
lot of messages (understandable, given the volume).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-07 13:14:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Dave Emory lecture Saturday, Bay Area 
Proposal: Dave Emory, radio broadcaster, will be speaking Saturday
night. Details below. I suggest some of us meet there after the
physical meeting of the Cyperpunks in Mountain View.
Eric Hughes wrote, quoting Detweiler:
Indeed. Many fine books cover this area. Another is "The Politics of
Heroin in Southeast Asia," by Alfred McCoy. In fact, there are so many
citations to support the links mentioned that I hardly know where to
Coincidentally, my favorite radio commentator, Dave Emory, will give a
3-hour lecture on "Drugs and Fascism" (or a similar title) on Saturday
evening, 7-10 p.m., at Foothill Community College, Room F-12. Foothill
is in Los Altos Hills, visible from Highway 280. I believe the cost
will be $10.
I've seen Dave speak twice before, on other topics. He can speak for
hours without notes and with captivating presentation. Whether you
agree with all his points or not, this three hours will surely be
enjoyable and may even change your outlook on things.
Dave has a radio talk show on Sunday nights from 7-11 p.m., on KFJC,
89.7. Some of this is rebroadcast Monday night, 9-10:30 on KKUP, 91.5.
I can't get the KFJC broadcast here in Santa Cruz, but I religiously
listen to the KKUP broadcast on Monday nights.
I understand that radio stations around the country, at least a
handful of them, rebroadcast his tapes.
His theme is the national security state, the role of the State in
suppressing freedom, the various "conspiracies" of Inslaw, Casolaro,
P-2, Gehlen, NSA, Contras, Cabazon, Nazis, etc. (If these words mean
something to you, then you know what Dave talks about. If these words
mean nothing to you, then you owe it to yourself to at least spend a
few hours listening.)
Dave is generally left of center, but I find him refreshing and
tolerable. He even supports gun rights....and wears an "NRA" cap to
his talks! ("To freak out the politically correct," he once quipped.)
I've called in to his radio show a couple of time and have updated him
and his audience on the Clipper chip, the links between the NSA and
the Witness Security Program, the murder of several NSA employees
because of their ties to journalist Danny Casolaro, and the general
threat of the surveillance state. Emory was very knoweldgeable about
the NSA and plans to do more on it in the future.
I plan to attend this lecture after the physical Cypherpunks meeting
in Mountain View on this coming Saturday. I suggest we make it an
"outing." (If $10 is too much, scrimp on dinner that evening and
instead go to the lecture.)
(Sometime schedules for such things change. If anyone has heard of any
cancellations, or can confirm the date, place, and lecture title,
please mail me, or post here.)
Hope to see you there!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-07 15:45:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Open Sesame"--MacNeil-Lehrer Report on Clipper 
I just finished watching--and videotaping--the 11.5 minute report by
Philip Elmer-Dewitt on Clipper and related topics.
The MacNeil-Lehrer Newshour should be in your area several more times
today...around the dinner period, later, etc. Here in Bay Area, it
comes on at 5, at 6, and as late as 10 and 11. "Check your local
An even-handed report, with brief statements from Marc Rotenberg, Lynn
McNulty, Dave Banisar, Dorothy Denning, Whit Diffie, Jerry Berman, and
a Dept. of Justice guy.
"A bad idea" vs. ""Folly to let intercept capabilities be lost."
Some nice aerial shots of Fort Meade, NSA. A demo of AT&T's
SecurePhone 3600. A brief explanation of Clipper.
I won't type in the quotes from the folks above. See the report for
yourself. No major surprises.
Except perhaps Marc Rotenberg's clear statement that after Clipper and
Digital Telephony will come "restrictions on noncomplying
cryptography." (Surprising in that it's a bold prediction. One we all
have suspected is the case, but a public statement--which the report
did not have a refutation of--all the same.)
Tim-Bob says "Check it out!"

@_date: 1994-04-07 20:18:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: problems with key escrow? 
New Capability  Centralization of the whole process (in connection
with Digital Telephony) so that the process is much more automated,
much easier to do. (Recall that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
court--or a name similar to that--has never turned down a wiretap
request....have any of you _not_ sent something in e-mail to a foreign national?)
New Capability  Easier tracking of who calls whom, and who is
called by whom. The Clipper system makes "pen registers" automatic.
Great for tracking down contacts the perps make.
Well, left unsaid in the Clipper debate has been just this point: what
access will NSA and other intelligence agencies have to the key escrow
databases? It is hard to imagine that they will not have the
databases, one way or another.
(And innumerable other issues: How and where are backups kept? What
happens when a Clipper key is given to law enforcement and then the
investigation is over....will they buy the alleged perp a new Clipper
system? What will foreign countries think? Are they part of the deal?)
New Capability  By making non-Clipper systems essentially
impossible to get export permits for, and by "greasing the skids" for
Clipper, the government essentially becomes the Phone Company. It
specifies the hardware, it forces competitors out of markets, and it
ends up using its power to crush alternatives.
New Capability  When Clipper inevitably fails to solve all
kidnapping and child porn cases, not to mention the downing of an
airliner with CIA-supplied Stinger missiles, the way will be paved for
the outlawing of non-escrowed key systems. (Alternate version: Once a
couple of high-profile cases _are_ solved because of Clipper, look for
the same outlawing of non-escrowed crypto.)
So,  here are several "new capabilities" which Clipper and its ilk
portent. Reason enough for all lovers of freedom and individual
dignity to reject it out of hand.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-08 01:24:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: New ID technique: warning of things to come 
Bill Stewart, about that new ID system for passport control:
Yes, this whole trend is disturbing for reasons similar to why Clipper
is disturbing: the government is getting into the business of
endorsing and supporting certain systems.
I realize the governments of the world must actually _use_ products,
systems, etc., and that this perforce helps to "standardize" these
things, whatever they are.
But, as with Clipper, when the government endorses a security or ID
technology that involves having folks carry around special papers or
tokens, then the pressures can be applied, eventually, to make these
systems universal. With Clipper, the government is also using its
considerable powers to control technology export to make Clipper
competitors nonviable (not saying Clipper is viable, but the Clipper
competitors look to face a regulatory uphill battle).
So, I worry about any national ID system, even if done for
But maybe it'll make the planes run on time.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-08 10:37:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: 1984 Shirt--Entrepreneurs Wanted! 
Speaking of such things, what I'd love to see is some entrepreneur out
there buying and selling "Cypherpunks 1994 World Tour" t-shirts,
decals, coffee mugs, secret decoder rings, etc.
I neglected to order one of the "Big Brother Inside" t-shirts, or one
of the "Cypherpunk Criminal" shirts, so now all I've got is my EFF
(Hey, maybe that's another t-shirt idea: "The other Cypherpunks went to
federal prison for encrypting and all I got was this lousy EFF
Here's my serious point: An entrepreneur can buy up some number of
these items (3 t-shirts now, stickers) and then sell them at a markup
to folks like me, who forget or neglect to place their orders at the
right time. Capitalism at its finest.
It also spreads the word at EFF events, Libertarian Party events (or
whatever your politics are), those "rave" things Crunch is always
talking about, and so on.
Sort of a Cypherpunks Store.
P.S. If anybody has any of those previously done t-shirts they want to
sell, I'm interested.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-08 11:51:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: RSA Broken by the Russians? 
That April Fool's Day joke I did about RSA being broken by the
Russians has generated 25 responses on sci.crypt and sci.math (where I
posted it after sending it out to this list).
(Someone added soc.culture.soviet to the dist list.)
Here's a recent one, which indicates I guessed fairly accurately that
Kolmogorov was involved, or his methods were. The Wolfram hypothesis,
noted to me by Eric Hughes and confirmed by Wolfram, is also
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,sci.math,soc.culture.soviet
Distribution: world
Organization: Sozialistisches Patienten Kollektiv
P. S. I apologise for Vulis reposting every second article
that I post to sci.math. I hope you stay amused. There is no way to make Vulis stop this practice, as far as I understand.
I think he developed a crash on my net.personality.

@_date: 1994-04-10 12:26:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge, Hamiltonian Cycles, and Passwords 
Matt Thomlinson asked me in private e-mail about some of my old posts
on zero knowledge interactive proof systems (ZKIPS), especially with
regard to finding Hamiltonian cycles in graphs. (A graph is a set of
nodes with some set of links between the nodes. Like a bunch of cities
connected in some way with highways. A Hamiltonian cycle is a path
(subgraph) that visits each node once and only once. Try a few
examples with n = 5, say, and you'll see that not all graphs have
Hamiltonian cycles, and that finding them is done by exhaustively
drawing all possible paths until a Hamiltonian cycle is found. Try
increasing n to 10 and you'll see the problem get real hard, real
fast. By the time n is 100, no computer that will ever be built will
ever solve this, assuming "P" is not equal to "NP" (what Steve Smale
has called the most important math and computer science problem of the
past 50 years, the P =? NP problem).
The Hamiltonian cycle problem for a general graph is NP-complete. (For
any specific graph, it is of course solvable, by exhaustion. Not
necessarily practical to solve, but solvable).
Zero knowledge interactive proof systems were invented in the mid-80s
(notably by Goldwasser, Rackhoff, Micali, etc.). They allow the
paradoxical-seeming ability to *prove one has knowledge of something
without showing what one knows*. That is, Alice can establish with
arbitrarily high confidence level (to her skeptics or doubter) that
she knows some proof, or some fact, without actually giving them any
knowledge of the proof or fact!
And it was proved in 1988, at the very Crypto Conference I attended,
that anything provable in "ordinary" logic (FOL) is provable in a
ZKIPS logic system. (I can't find my Crypto-88 Proceedings this
minute, so this informal statement will have to do for now.)
A potential use for such systems is for passwords--one can prove one
has the knowledge without actually producing it (by typing in a
password, for example). I don't know that anyone is actually
exploring this application, yet, but I expect it'll come.
The Hamiltonian cycle problem is a good example of this. Alice claims
she knows the Hamiltonian cycle of a graph. But instead of producing
it--which would of course "use up" her further use of this--she goes
through a process of proving she "almost certainly" knows a
Hamiltonian cycle without actually producing it.
If this whets your appetite, I can dig up and post my article to this
list (first posted to the Extropians list) that I did about a year and
half ago. In this article I explain the "cut and choose" probabalistic
algorithm central to ZKIPS.
Anyway, here is some more stuff I wrote to Matt this morning. I've
deleted his questions and comments, as it was private mail, so this
answer picks up after he'd asked some questions about the process:
As they say, "anything provable in first order logic is provable in a
ZKIPS system." I'm not sure what it means to "prove" you know a method
of factoring numbers (faster than the "normal" methods, presumably)
except by actually factoring them. And factoring a 5,000-digit number
is 17 milliseconds would certainly show something significant. And,
trivially, it would presumably give zero knowledge about the method
used, so in that sense it is trivially zero knowledge.
[Matt asks about "construction" of the Hamiltonian cycle]
Give a graph, to find a Hamiltonian cycle is generally "hard." With 5
nodes, easy, by exhaustion--can be done on a napkin. With 15 nodes,
much harder. With 25 nodes, almost impossible. With 50 nodes,
And yet suppose Alice shows you one. In a textbook, for example. How
did she "find" it? She likely didn't. Rather, she took 50 nodes, drew
a path visiting each node once, stored this as her 'Hamiltonian cycle'
and then proceeded to draw in 50 or 70 or whatever "other links,"
which are "ringers," as it were (that is, they are never part of the
Hamiltonian she "constructed").
The resulting complete graph--50 nodes with maybe 100 or 500 or whatever
links--only she knows a valid Hamiltonian cycle for (there may be
others, which neither she nor anyone else will ever find). She can use
this as her "password," saying: "This is my graph and I know a
Hamiltonian cycle for it." Others are skeptical, since nobody knows
how to find a H. for such a large graph, but she proves who she is by
producing the H. cycle. (The idea is that Alice "registers" or
"publishes" the graph....nobody has yet done this, to my knowledge, so
the mechanics of "graph servers" are not worked out.)
Of course, by producing her Hamiltonian cycle, she's just used up her
only chance to use it, since she's shown others, and they can now
claim to be her. The trick is for her to show she knows the H.C.
without actually producing it.
And that's where the "cut and choose" probabalistic algorithm comes in.
The one I described in those old postings you are presumably looking

@_date: 1994-04-10 18:10:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge, Hamiltonian Cycles, and Passwords 
Yeah, sounds like a possibility, but we never got a fuller explanation
from Mike, so it's hard to tell.
I'm a bit skeptical, but it could just be that I haven't worked things
out to my own satisfaction. Compared to the Hamiltonian cycle, at
But a wide class of problems are essentially equivalent to the
Hamiltonian cycle problem, as Hal and many others are well aware of
(that's what "NP-complete" means...solve one of 'em and you've
basically solved 'em _all_). Circuits, satisfiability of constraints,
etc., are one such NP-complete problem, so it's _conceivable_ the
"obfuscation compiler" works this way, if it is not urban legend.
Someone asked where to read more on this stuff. As Norm Hardy noted,
Bruce Schneier's book has a section on it. On NP-completeness in
general, Garey and Johnson's "Computers and Intractability: A Guide to
the Theory of NP-Completeness," 1979, is the standard reference. More
readable accounts may be found elsewhere. I especially like Harel's
"Algorithmics: The Spirit of Computing."
Also, a few folks have asked me to send them my article on zero
knowledge I posted in 1992 to this List. I will dig this (or maybe
"these") up from my mail archives and post them here.
In my not-so-humble opinion, the "juicy" stuff is sometimes not
discussed here very often because too few folks are reading the
background material enough to contribute. (I'm guilty of this, too, so
I'm not throwing stones...). We end up in banal--and
repetitive--debates about the NSA, about TEMPEST (it's about time for
a new thread on this :-} ), and about things like that.
Ray Cromwell wrote a very long, detailed, and important artcle on
remailers which has not been discussed nearly enough. Black Unicorn
wrote a long piece on legal and social implications, which has also
been discussed little. And of course Hal Finney has written many long
pieces on important topics. I urge you all to become knowledgeable about some aspect of our
many-fold interests and then to write articles educating the rest of
us. And respond to what others have written.
Off my soapbox now.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-10 22:58:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: MATH: Zero Knowledge Proofs 
[Here is the article on zero knowledge I promised. It was posted to the
Cypherpunks list a year ago, on 7 April 1993. There's a great explanation
of ZKIPS in terms of "Ali Baba's Cave" that appeared in one of the Crypto
Proceedings; I may try to find it and then scan it in. Also, the paper
Derek Upham mentioned earlier today was co-authored by Bennett Yee, and I
have seen his explanation of ZKIPS posted at least a few times to
Be that as it may, here is _my_ explanation, from a year ago.]
Zero knowledge interactive proof systems ("ZKIPS") are sometimes called
"minimum disclosure proofs" (with some subtle differences) and are exciting
and mysterious (at first) methods that lie at the heart of modern
cryptology. Here's a simple explanation. Too bad we don't have a
ALICE AND BOB (some people call them Peggy the Prover and Vic the Verifier)
Alice wishes to prove to Bob that she knows some item of knowledge without
actually giving Bob any of that knowledge.
Let us first imagine that Alice claims she knows a "Hamiltonian cycle" on a
particular graph. (For a given set of nodes and arcs linking some of those
nodes, a Hamiltonian cycle is one which passes through each node once and
only once. You might want to draw some graphs on a sheet of paper and try
to find a Hamiltonian cycle for the graphs, to get a feel for the problem.)
The particular graph may be "registered" somewhere with Alice's claim that
she--and only she, for reasons I'll discuss at the end--knows a Hamiltonian
cycle for the graph. In a sense, this is her "proof of identity."
To make this example concrete, Alice is using this piece of knowledge as
her *password* to get into some system. She presents a map of 50  cities
and some set of highways interconnecting them and says "I am who I say I am
if and only if I know a Hamiltonian cycle for this graph."
The conventional (non zero knowledge) way to convey this knowledge is for
Alice to simply *show* the Hamiltonian cycle to Bob. This is how passwords
are currently handled. Bob, and anybody else who is spying on the exchange,
then knows the "secret," which isn't a secret anymore. (Anybody who saw the
exchange, including Sysadmin Bob, could then impersonate her.)
ENTER ZERO KNOWLEDGE
Alice, instead of showing Bob the Hamiltonian cycle, takes the cities and
covers them with something, say, coins. (On a computer, this is all done in
software, using the cryptographic protocol called "bit commitment.")
Alice scrambles the position of the cities (covered by coins) so as not to
allow positional cues. (Most of the 50 cities should have about the same
number, ideally exactly the same number, of links to other cities, to
ensure that some cities are not "marked" by having some unique number of
links. A detail.) Needless to say, she scrambles the cities out of sight of
Bob, so he can't figure out which cities are which. However, once she's
done with the scrambling, she displays the cities in such a way that she
can't *later change*..i.e., she "commits" to the values, using well-known
cryptographic methods for this. (If this sounds mysterious, read up on it.
It's how "mental poker" and other crypto protocols are handled.)
Bob sees 50 cities with links to other cities, but he doesn't have any way
of knowing which of the covered cities are which. Nor, I should add, are
the links labelled in any way--it wouldn't do to have some links
permanently labelled "Route 66" or "Highway 101"!
She says to Bob: "Pick one choice. Either you can see a Hamiltonian cycle
for this set of covered cities and links, or you can see the cities
uncovered." In other words, "Alice cuts, Bob chooses."
Bob tosses a coin or chooses randomly somehow and says: "Show me the cities."
Alice uncovers all the cities and Bob examines the graph. He sees that
Akron is indeed connected to Boise, to Chicago, to Denver, not to Erie, and
so on. In short, he confirms that Alice has shown him the original graph.
No substitution of another graph was made.
Bob, who is suspicious that this person is really who she claims to be, says to Alice: "Ok, big deal! So you anticipated I was going to ask you to
show me the cities. Anybody could have gotten Alice's publicly registered
graph and just shown it to me. You had a 50-50 chance of guessing which
choice I'd make."
Alice smugly says to him: "Fine, let's do it again." She scrambles the
cities (which are covered) and displays the graph to Bob...50 covered
cities and various links between them. She tells Bob to choose again.
This time Bob says: "Show me the Hamiltonian cycle."
Without uncovering the cities (which would give the secret away, of
course), Alice connects the cities together in a legal Hamiltonian cycle.
Bob says, "OK, so this time you figured I was going to ask you the opposite
of what I did last time and you just substituted some other graph that you
happened to know the Hamiltonian cycle of. I have no guarantee the graphs
are really the same."
Alice, who knows this is just the beginning, says: "Let's do the next round."
...and so it goes....
After 30 rounds, Alice has either produced a legal Hamiltonian cycle or a
graph that is the same as (isomorphic to...same cities linked to same other
cities) the registered graph in each and every one of the rounds.
There are two possibilities:
1. She's an imposter and has guessed correctly *each time* which choice Bob
will make, thus allowing her to substitute either another graph altogether
(for when Bob wants to see the Hamiltonian cycle) or just the original
graph (for when Bob asks to see the cities uncovered to confirm it's the
real graph). Remember, if Alice guesses wrong even once, she's caught
2. She really is who she claims to be and she really does know a
Hamiltonian cycle of the specified graph.
The odds of  being true drop rapidly as the number of rounds are
increased, and after 30 rounds, are only 1 in 2^30, or 1 in a billion. Bob
choose to believe that Alice knows the solution.
Alice has conveyed to Bob proof that she is in possession of some knowledge
without actually revealing any knowledge at all! The proof is
This is the essence of a zero knowledge proof. There's more to it than just
this example, of course, but this is the basic idea.
SOME DETAILS
1. Could someone else discover the Hamiltonian cycle of Alice's graph? Exhaustive search is the only way to guarantee a solution will be
found--the Hamiltonian cycle problem is a famous "NP-complete"
combinatorial problem. This is intractable for reasonable numbers of nodes.
50 nodes is intractable. 2. If finding a Hamiltonian cycle is intractable, how the hell did Alice
ever find one?
She didn't *have* to find one! She started with 50 cities, quickly
connected them so that the path went through each city only once and then
wrote this path down as her "secret" solution. Then she went back and added
the other randomly chosen interconnects to make the complete graph. For
this graph, she obviously knows a Hamiltonian cycle, *by construction*.
3. Can Bob reconstruct what the Hamilonian cycle must be by asking for
enough rounds to be done?
Not generally. Read the papers for details on this, which gets deeply into
under what circumstance partial knowledge of the solution gives away the
complete solution.
4. Are there other problems that can be used in this same way?
Yes, there are many forms. I find the Hamiltonian cycle explanation quite
easy to explain to people. (Though usually I can draw pictures, which helps
a lot.)
5. How general is the "zero knowledge interactive proof" approach?
Anything provable in formal logic is provable in zero knowledge, saith the
mathematicians and crypto gurus. Check out the various "Crypto Conference"
Hope this helps.
-Tim May
..........................................................................      Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,             tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero          408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,           W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.               Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.               "National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-04-10 23:29:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: your mail---use "majordomo" 
Even *better*, use "majordomo" for subscribes, unsubscribes, help,
etc. The Cypherpunks list is now handled by majordomo, so this is the
best way to handle subscribes and unsubscribes.
Send mail to "majordomo at toad.com" with a keyword in the message body.
Some examples:
help        to get a list of commands
unsubscribe cypherpunks          to get off the list with the address used
                                 to send the message
and my personal favorite:
who         to get a listing of all 700 names subscribed to the List
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-10 23:34:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why the second copy of "Zero Knowledge" was sent 
The second copy of the "Zero Knowledge" article got posted because I
used an off-line mailer (my old post being buried in my Eudora mailer
archives which I had to search) and uploaded the article when I
downloaded my mail, thus missing Matt Thomlinson's earlier posting of
my article.
Normally I read mail with "elm," for promptness and because I'm online
reading News anyway.

@_date: 1994-04-11 10:54:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputa 
Dork, you really ought to read the List for a bit longer than the
short time you say you have before throwing around insults about
"fetishes" and how we have a lot of explaining to do.
This applies to everyone, not just to Dork:
- try to read the List for several weeks before jumping in
- to see what the topics are, what's apparently been beaten to death
so many times before, and so forth
There are a lot of bright folks on this List, including
cryptographers, mathematicians, and even journalists (!), and
dismissing points of view as "fetishes" is not all that useful or
If Dork sticks around, he'll understand that many of us have no
problems whatsoever with multiplication of nyms, but that we are also
very aware of the disruptive effects nyms can sometimes have. Many of
us believe solutions to this exist, and that the governments of the
world don't have to be involved.
So, cool your jets, Dork39.
Dork closes with:
Oh well. *PLONK*
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-11 17:06:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Rendezvous with Ramanujan" 
I suspect Eric's memory was influenced by his memories of last
Saturday night, after the Cyperpunks meeting and after the Dave Emory
lecture a half dozen of us saw that evening.
We all decided to attend the midnight showing at the Stanford Theater
of a new Indian film, "Rendezvous with Ramanujan," based of course on
the famous Arthur C. Clarke novel, and directed by noted British
director, G. H. Hardy (no relation to Norm Hardy).
Our taxi had the license plate number "RSA-1729," which we took to be
a pun about the next big factoring project. After all, 1729 is a
rather unremarkable number.
The taxi driver, an unemployed mathematician named Ted Streleski, was
heard muttering, "Some squares, some cubes." --Klaus! von Future Prime
(channeled by Tim May)

@_date: 1994-04-12 23:48:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Encrypted Telephones 
Yes, several such projects are underway. Eric Blossom even showed a
PCB of one at a Cypherpunks meeting, using an inexpensive DSP chip.
Software-only versions, with some compromises in speech quality
probably, are also underway. Phil Zimmermann described his progress at
the last Cypherpunks meeting.
("Software-only" can mean using off-the-shelf, widely-available DSP
boards like SoundBlasters.)
And I know of at least two more such projects. Whether any will
materialize is anyone's guess.
And various hacks have already been done. NeXT users have had
voicemail for years, and certain Macs now offer something similar.
Adding encryption is not a huge obstacle.
A year ago, several Cypherpunks meeting sites around the U.S. were
linked over the Internet using DES encryption. The sound quality was
poor, for various reasons, and we turned off the DES in a matter of
minutes. Still, an encrypted audio conference call.
So such things are possible today.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-13 12:00:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Interesting news note. 
Except that the full version of this announcement--which has been
posted several places, possibly even here in Cypherpunks--explicitly
mentions the use of RSA via a business relationship with RSA Data
Security Inc.
Though many Cypherpunks have various problems with RSADSI and the RSA
patents, a topic I'll not go into further, it is a hopeful sign for
Internet commerce that a strong crypto system is being built in from
the git go.
Remember, the alternative is Crippler! (Actually, what with the
announcement of Crippler being built in to some television-top
boxes--cf. the Harry Hawk posts--I would guess these Internet Commerce
folks will soon be "visited" by Crippler advocates and "suitably
incentivized" to replace RSA with EES technology.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-13 13:20:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) If Crippler is a Done Deal, What Next? 
Cypherpunk friends,
Here's a long article I just posted to talk.politics.crypto and two
other groups (with 6500 newsgroups days, you've got to post to more
than one group just to ensure reasonable coverage of your target
I make a few points I've been itching to make for a while.
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,comp.org.eff.talk,alt.privacy.clipper
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
Lines: 184
Many of us believe the Crippler/Clipper/Skipjack/Tessera/Capstone/etc.
"Escrowed Encryption" system is basically a "done deal," to use David
Sternlight's words in alt.privacy.clipper.
(Sorry for using so many different names for the "Clipper" program. It
was announced as Clipper, last April 16th, and it took most of us only
a few minutes to realize what the government folks had apparently not
realized in _years_ of work (or at least _months_ with the "Clipper"
name), namely, that Clipper is the well-known name of the
Fairchild/Intergraph Clipper chip (Fairchild developed this 32-bit
chip, then sold the line to Intergraph when National acquired
Fairchild) and also is the name of a well-known database compiler.
Jeeshh! Anyway, the other names associated with the project: Skipjack,
Capstone, Tessera, and probably some I've forgotten here. We who scoff
at it also call it: Cripple, Crippler, Flapjack, Clipjack, etc. And
with no disrespect to my former employer Intel, with whom I spent 12
invigorating and profitable years, I came up with the "Big Brother
Inside" slogan....someone else got the decals printed and I am
certainly *not* advocating that cypherhooligans afix these stickers on
Clipper phones and Capstone-compliant computers!)
Clipper will happen, _is_ happening this very moment.
I've believed this for the past year, though this has not lessened by
distaste for it in any way. I just see the inertia of the bureaucracy
and the ass-covering that is natural to places like Washington (having
lived in Langley, Virginia). It was clear when Clipper was announced
as an _Executive_ action (reminds me of a movie I saw...) that few if
any changes would be made in the proposed system. A few minor
alteration of the escrow agent selection, perhaps, but nothing
central to the idea that one's private keys are to be held "in escrow"
(as Eric Hughes has noted, a gross abuse of the term "escrow").
Clipper is like a requirement that house keys be "escrowed" with the
local police, or that all photos processed at the local drugstore be
double-printed, with copies sent to the local "Photo Escrow Center."
After all, how else can we catch child pornographers and other "bad
And what about those curtains that "encrypt" the visible contents of
houses under surveillance? Surely drawing the curtains when one is
under police surveillance is equivalent to encrypting one's traffic
when the authorities are lawfully surveilling one's computers? Perhaps
we need "approved curtains."
And what about the many crimes people confess in their diaries? Plans
to kill themselves, plans to hide their money from the tax collectors,
even plans to develop things like PGP! Surely many crimes could be
stopped if diaries, journals, and personal letters could be
"escrowed"--with suitable safeguards, of course, to ensure that only
legitimate inspections were done (for example, J. Edgar Hoover's need
to inspect diaries to find salacious sexual material).
Some may call me "shrill" for citing the above points. I don't think
so. We are at a kind of cusp in history, where privacy can either be
secured through strong crypto--despite the crimes that may go
undetected or unpunished because of this--or privacy can be handed
over to others to protect or not protect as they see fit.
Consider the current signs:
- that contractors like Mykotronx, VLSI Technology, Inc., National,
and MIPS were already well along in building the chips. (There have
been delays reported, and the SecurePhone 3600 is not available in
places I've looked, and the MYK78A is reportedly a pig in various
- that the NSA and NIST had too much at stake to back down because a
bunch of the rabble (EFF, CPSR, Cypherpunks, 700 Club watchers, Rush
Limbaugh fans, and similar pond scum) objected to it. Being an
executive action, legislative approval is not needed (I'm not
completely convinced there's no way for Congress to block it, as there
must be enabling legislations that impinges on the Crippler project).
- "suitable incentivization" is being used to induce manufacturers to
adopt Crippler. Subsidies are given. Export controls (ITAR-related)
are relaxed for Crippler systems, tightened for "noncomplying" crypto
systems. Foreign governments have _apparently_ been approached (we on
the Cypherpunks list have collected many inputs from non-U.S. sources
pointing to this) to deploy their own versions of EES, possibly with
variations, and presumably with their own family keys. A true
conspiracy buff might call this the Crypto World Order.
- reports that cable box makers are signing up to put Clipper
technology in every set top (though RSA has a competing, non-escrowed
system, which I seem to recall some cable box users were planning to
use....could be we'll be seeing the "battle of the crypto systems"
coming to a cable system soon! I know which of the two alternatives
I'll lobby for: the RSA system (even if I have minor differences of
opinion about the advisability of software patents in general and
public key patents in particular).
Lots of action underway. Turbulent waters can run deep, too.
So, if deployment of Crippler is coming, regardless of our
protestations and clamorings, what next?
I've always felt the big danger was the *outlawing of non-escrowed
encryption*. My article, "A Trial Balloon to Ban Encryption," October
1992, sci.crypt and elsewhere, correctly spotted the move toward some
form of key escrow. The 1000 responses and messages in related threads
indicated that nearly everyone else saw the same thing, too, once the
Denning paper on key escrow was pointed out to them.
As difficult as outlawing alternatives to escrowed encryption may be
(so many avenues for skirting Clipper---too many to go into here), and
with the likely public reaction against it (the Time-CNN poll), I
strongly suspect this is the intended goal.
Without some degree of exclusivity, will Clipper be used by the very
folks the advocates want to catch--the drug dealers, the terrorists,
the child pornographers, the tax cheats, and the other "bad guys"? Of
course not. To be sure, some fraction of them will use Clipper--after
all, Pablo Escobar was caught after using a plain old cellular
telephone. But in the time frame envisaged, several years from now,
wider use of encryption is expected. Absent a ban on non-Clipper
technology (or an _attempted_ ban, to be more precise), many will be
using cellphones with VoicePGP or similar approaches (I know of half a
dozen groups busily developing cheap voice encryption products--and of
course some systems are already available). Pity the stupid terrorist
who buys an expensive Clipper phone and then uses it to discuss his
How might a ban on non-escrowed encryption happen and then be enforced?
Whit Diffie has suggested what I think is the most likely--and most
chilling--scenario for the outlawing of non-escrowed encryption: use
the civil forfeiture laws to to implement a "Zero Tolerance" system
for unauthorized, outlawed crypto. Analogous to the "War on Drugs,"
where corporations are enlisted in the War by threatening them with
loss of their assests, or with shut down of their operations, if drugs
are found on their premises or if they fail to maintain a "Drug-Free
The casual user of outlawed crypto may not be caught, but the
widespread use of alternatives to key escrow crypto will be thwarted.
Corporations will audit personal computers for signs of PGP, RSA, and
other "contraband," networks will be Clipjacked for all inter-site
(and perhaps intra-site LANs) networks, and the threat of civil
forfeiture will be used to terrorize corporations and small businesses
into compliance.
Needless to say, I am opposed to this in nearly every way imaginable. I
don't necessarily impute evil motives to those who advocate today's
Clipper and tomorrow's likely mandatory key escrow. I just consider it
a dangerous and even unconstitutional step...something like requiring
permits for writing articles and for speaking in non-English
(By the way, the comparison of crypto to speech is a natural, and
accurate, one. If I speak to my friend Alice in a language that
wiretappers and eavesdroppers cannot understand, am I "illegally
encrypting"? What difference does it make whether this undecipherable
speech is Latvian, Elihiuish, or a computer-based translation?)
For the past 18 months, since the Digital Telephony Bill and the
initial appearance of the key escrow idea, I have targeted my efforts
not at short-term things like Clipper, but instead at doing things to
make sure that our ability to communicate freely with whomever and in
whatever form we choose is not restricted.
My favored approach is technological, not political. The real battle is coming, I suspect.
--Tim May
If you've read this far, thanks! If this outlook interests you,
consider joining the Cypherpunks mailing list (the name was jokingly
suggested by an editor at "Mondo 2000," as a pun on cipher/cypher and
"cyberpunks"). Send a "help" message in the body to
"majordomo at toad.com" for instructions. Or, you can bypass the
instructions--if you dare--with just a "subscribe cypherpunks" message
(in the body) to majordomo at toad.com. Don't join merely to disrupt our
mailing list, and be prepared for 30-50 mail messages a day, sometimes

@_date: 1994-04-13 19:07:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Another reason for anonymity 
The first defamation suit involving the Usenet is described in a post
that apparently first appeared in misc.legal.moderated, and then
cross-posted into comp.org.eff.talk and alt.comp.acad-freedom.talk.
(I won't include it here, though I've ended up writing enough about it
that I should've just forwarded the whole thing to Cypherpunks!)
It involves a professor denied tenure (and dismissed) at the
University of Western Australia. Dept. of Archaeology, or similar.
The defendant made some comments last summer about the incompetence of
this professor (an ex-American, by the way), his habit of holding
"Puppy parties" with a local boy named "Puppy" as the chief
entertainment, his drinking exploits, and so on. I read the attacking
post and thought it somewhat more extreme than most Usenet comments.
But not by much. (And certainly comparable to the various posts
Detweiler made calling various people sodomites, spies, terrorists,
and so on.)
Anyway, the attacked professor (no longer at UWA, for the tenure
reasons cited above) filed a suit, the defendant chose not to show up
for the trial, and the judge recently issued his decision: AU$40,000
to the defendent, plus 8% annual interest to have begun September
Read the article to see what may be coming, in spades.
Of course, our legal minds here on Cypherpunks may be able to tell us
how likely such cases are to go this way in America. I can't say.
More reasons for anonymity, if one truly believes free speech should
be just that, unencumbered by charges of "defamation" and "damage." In
the Australian case, either the professor is "upstanding" (think of
Richard Feynman, for example), in which case the charges would just
bounce off (while I'm no Feynman, in any sense, those "sodomite"
charges of Detweiler I just shrugged off) or there's some substance to
the charges (i.e., he was a dissipated, pedophilic lech, who neglected
his research). Draw your own conclusions.
Anonymity has its problems, but it also allows discourse to be
somewhat isolated from the idiosyncrasies of the law.
And of course, in my view, it it completely kosher (I wanted to say
"exculpatory," as I fell into the rhythm of legal lingo, but I'd
probably be misusing the word terribly) for anonymous forums to
basically say: "This is a forum that allows anonymity and pseudonymous
speech. If this offends you, stay out. If you want to file a lawsuit
based on some insult you hear in this forum, good luck and fat chance
of winning!"
But then I'm a free speech radical.
(What about shouting "Fire!" in a crowded theater? Let those who see
there's no fire beat the shit out of the twerp who shouted "Fire!"
Seems fair to me.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-13 19:12:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Another reason for anonymity 
^^^^^^^^^^
Whoops! I mean, "to the plaintiff" (the professor).
Sorry about that.

@_date: 1994-04-13 20:13:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Quants vs Congress 
(Duncan Frissell's section elided)
"Derivatives" mean secondary financial instruments, based on ("derived
from") things like stocks, bonds, and real estate. Things like futures
markets, "baskets" of other instruments, etc. These started, it may be
argued, in the trading pits of Chicago, but have now spread around the
world. I think I recall reading (in "Time"'s cover story last week on
derivatives and quants, ironically enough--the Wall Street nerd with
the "messy room" has replaced the hacker as the Number One Threat to
Civilization) that $ 4 Trillion in derivatives trades _daily_.
"Quants," closely related to "rocket scientists," are those who use
math and statistics for investment purposes. Short for "quantitative."
I urge all Cypherpunks who can afford to do so to subscribe to "The
Economist." It's filled with good, incisive articles, including the
best treatments of breaking science and technology stories in any
general magazine. Shoot your t.v., maybe, but don't let your
subsription lapse. Available also on newstands, whence information on
subscribing may be found (read the mag long enough, and you too will
speak in terms of "whence").
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-14 00:59:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: USWA 
"Excuse me? Excuse me? May I talk? Thank you.
"Now as I was saying, what we've got to to to clean up the drug
problem is just to seal off these neighborhoods and conduct some
old-fashioned house to house searches. And if we find some these
pencil-necked geeks with their traitorous secret codes, I say we just
hang 'em right there in the public square.
"It's that simple."
I don't think Perot would be too receptive to the message many of us
Understand that I actually _voted_ for the guy, mainly to send a
message of disgust to the major parties, and becuase the Libertarian
Party candidate was too much of a crook (bad loans, land swindles) to
vote for. I wouldn't have voted for Perot if he had a ghost of chance.
Now that he's self-destructed, with a paranoia that Bobby Inman tried
to duplicate, I say he's washed up. (Bobby Inman and Ross Perot, both
of Texas, have more in common than just their Texas accents. Think
about it.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-14 11:36:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: cypherpunks and politics (Re: USWA) 
The list is what people make of it. Nothing more and nothing less. If
you have held off on writing 'til now about topics that are of great
interest to you, then why are you surprised that the topics others
write about don't match your interests?
Nobody's asking you to be "associated with libertarianism," for
example. That many of us are libertarian-oriented is hardly
surprising, this being the Net. And the nonlibertarians are welcome,
but they seldom make persuasive arguments contradiciting the lib.
views, in my opinion. Certain non-lib (though *I* call him
libertarian!) folks like Dave Mandl are very welcome here, and make
their views known.
I don't know if this is a jab at me or not, perhaps for my sin of
poking fun at Ross Perot.....I felt a satirical, but probably close to
the truth, point about Perot's authoritarian streak would make my
point better than a simple statement of my views.
If you want your brand of politics discussed here, as it relates to
cryptography, privacy, Clipper, etc., then *discuss* it. You can't
blame others for making their own comments.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-15 00:49:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Little known facts about the infohigh.... 
Rest assured, that's just another wildly implausible paranoid rant.
The red LED on a VCR or cable box is no more capable of acting as any
kind of t.v. camera than doorknobs can act as palmprint scanners. (I
mean, they _can_, but only with expensive reengineering.) This "cable
boxes are spying on us" tale has been reposted several times in
various groups. Kind of like the "IDealOrder" psychic t.v. broadcast
people and their claims.
It perhaps has been given superficial credence because some of the
television ratings companings (Arbitron, Nielson (sp?). etc.) are
toying with the idea of installing "body sensors" in their ratings
boxes that would tell them how many people were actually in fron to
the t.v. As these ratings families voluntarily agree to be part of the
sample, any such system would be voluntary. (And I intend no irony here.)
Monitoring people inside their homes is something not even Denning and
Sternlight are arguing for.
And now for a rare opportunity for a _reverse_ spelling flame:
                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^
I don't know who added the "(sic)" after "foment," but foment is
indeed the right usage here, meaning to "incite." As in "fomenting
revolution." An alternative might be "ferment," which is perhaps what
the (sic)-adder thought the word was meant to be, but that would be a
much less appropiate usage.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-15 01:55:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Protecting Privacy in a Surveillance Society 
Let me make an important clarification: there *is* a privacy danger
that multimedia/cable companies will use information...they already do
in the sense that they get real-time feedback on who's ordering which
premium pay-per-view channels. (My brother-in-law was marketing
manager for a cable company in San Luis Obispo and he maintained that
the cable companies could not tell which channel was being watched via
the box, but that new 2-way boxes, coming Real Soon Now, would allow
This is the same "privacy" danger faced by subcribers to magazines, by
purchasers of goods by mail order, and by any other system that allows
purchasing or renting preferences to be correlated to True Names.
(In the special case of videotape rentals, a specific law was passed
to make compiling of rental records a crime. This was during the Bork
imbroglio of some several years back.)
The "cryptographic" solution, the one that does not involve passing a
mess of new laws which will likely be ignored and exploited, is to
allow the following, either separately or in combination:
* receiver anonymity, via cryptographic codes which descramble some
widely-broadcast transmission (complicated issues of how to ensure
only one customer can view it, suggesting some Chaumian tie-ins and
"is-a-person" credentialling, albeit identity-blinded).
* digital money, so that goods and services may be bought over the
cable system without any explicit mapping to viewer identity (e.g., no
billing to the home address or VISA card is needed).
(Example: coin-operated televisions are already this way, in airports
and bus stations. Could extend to dorm rooms, hotels, etc., using
either coins (a theft problem, hence digital cash a better idea) or
* blinding protocols a la Chaum, whereby one proves ownership of some
credential (one's age, when entering a bar, for example) without
providing a name which could too easily be entered into a database.
Anyone interested in ways to defeat Orwellian surveillance technology
(and it goes without saying that all Cypherpunks should read "1984,"
as Julie has just done) should run out and find David Chaum's paper
"Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete," November 1985,
"Communications of the ACM." This paper has been cited _so_ many times
here, but it remains the single most important paper I can think of.
A slightly updated version was published in the First Computers,
Freedom, and Privacy Conference Proceedings.
Both of these sources should be findable in any large university
science library.
(It's not been scanned and OCRed and placed in the soda archives
because it's a very long paper, and the diagrams are pretty much
essential for figuring out the paper.)
Crypto technology wins out over well-intentioned privacy laws any day.
Locality of reference, and self-empowerment...if you buy books from
me with a credit card, should there be a "privacy law" saying I can't
keep a record of your purchases? That's the route some European
countries are going. All kinds of problems, and not something most
Cypherpunks would want, as it involves other invasions of
privacy: "Open up! This is the Privacy Protection Police."
The better solution: pay with cash for your books and then I _can't_
keep a record of who bought what. That's method over law.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-16 18:44:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Table of Key Lengths and Brute Force Cracking Times 
Here are some numbers from Bruce Schneier's article in the April 1994
"Dr. Dobb's." The article is a review of the "Cambridge Algorithms
Workshop," where Bruce also presented a paper on Blowfish.
These estimates are in a slightly different form than what "Applied
Cryptography" has (on pp. 130-135), and incorporate (apparently) the
Michael Wiener DES-busting estimates from last summer.
First, some typical key lengths for block ciphers, as reported by
Algorithm		Key	Block	Problems/Comments
DES			56	64	key too small
Triple DES (3DES)	112	64	slow
Khufu (Merkle/Xerox)	64	64	patented, key too small
FEAL 32			64	64	patented, key too small
LOKI-91			64	64	weaknesses, key too small
REDOC II		160	80	patented
REDOC III		variab. 64	patented
IDEA (Europe)		128	64	patented
RC2 (RSADSI)		variab. 64	proprietary
Skipjack (NIST/NSA)	80	64	secret algorithm
GOST (FSU, Russia)	256	64	not completely specified
MMB			128	128	insecure
The "problems" reported are exactly as reported by Schneier. No
mention of RC4, which may in "exportable" versions may be as short as
40-45 bits.
Second, some estimates of brute-force cracking time:
Key Length	Time for a $1M		Time for a $1B ($1000M)
40		0.2 second		0.0002 sec
56		3.5 hours (Wiener)	13 sec
64		37 days			54 minutes
80		2000 years		6.7 years (2 years?)
100		7 billion years		7 million years
128		10^18 			10^15 years
192		10^37 years		10^34 years
256		10^56 years		10^53 years
Note that a billion dollar cipher-busting machine is not out of the
question. Norm Hardy once described to us the $100M "Harvest" machine
(also described by Bamford). NSA has its won on-site wafer fab
facility (built by National Semiconductor several years back).
A single Space Shuttle launch costs around a billion dollars (NASA
says $0.6B, GAO says $1.5B), and many of the launches are just put up
reconnaisance and SIGINT satellites, so spending $500M to $1B on
special computers to crunch the data seems plausible. (However, it's
hard for NSA to make plans for what key length they'll have to target.
It's also not clear that enough non-financial users have been using
DES to make it "necessary" for such large expenditures....a single
machine that can crack a DES-encrypted message in, say, 1-10 hours may
be enough for their current needs. All of this is just speculation.)
For logistical and other reasons, I would expect they may have
_several_ smaller machines. Just as effective, of course,
Obviously a billion dollars worth of hardware will not be dedicated
for a couple of years to crack a single 80-bit cipher.
Anyway, you all can fool with these numbers and draw your own
Ron Rivest did some similar calculations for RSA modulus sizes and
came to similar conclusions (e.g., 1200-bit modulus will withstand
even attacks by billion-dollar machines for several more decades).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-16 22:39:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Idea for a Minor New Remailer Feature: Dead Drop Aliases 
This reminds me of an idea: why not create "symbolic links" between
pseudonyms chosen by the remailer operators and their actual physical
The idea is this: fred at uptight.org wants to run a remailer, but he
doesn't want his managers at "uptight.org" to know he's advertising
this service (e.g., by postings in a public place, by the finger of
remailer at soda.berkeley.edu, etc.).
He wants a "dead drop" to forward to him mail intended to be remailed.
What he wants is an alias at another site, run probably by a
sympathetic Cypherpunks who has more control over his own site. So,
joe at uptight.org arranges with eric at freedom.org to establish this
(eric at freedom.org knows what's going on....the only security is that
based on the trust between eric and joe.)
I know, I know, this is "security through obscurity." (In a sense.)
And eric at freedom.org might _just as well_ run the second or third or
nth remailer _himself_.
But the advantage of there being _many_ physical people acting as
remailers is still there. And it encourages people who might shy away
from running a remailer to do so.
The overall security is at least not any lower than if joe at uptight.org
got the remailer traffic directly.
There are other wrinkles. I can give more of my thoughts if there's
any interest.
Not to volunteer anybody's copious spare time, but I have a hunch a
Perl program could implement this automatic reflector easily. Maybe
some mailers can already handle this (I don't see any commands in elm,
my mailer, that can do selective bouncing/forwarding....kind of like a
kill file, except the targetted address gets forwarded.)
Any thoughts?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-17 18:17:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Does the List Have a Political Ideology? 
Unfortunately, there are few other forums for this kind of discussion.
The Extropians list used to have this kind of discussion, though it
was mixed in with all kinds of other stuff--and I hear that list
currently has 80 subscribers (Harry or Ray can tell us the facts),
which is about 12% of what Cypherpunks has, so the discussion universe
may be too small for comfort.
Robin Hanson's "AltInst" list exists to discuss "alternative
institutions." "Libernet" is for the hard-core libertarians, though
most people I know can no longer stand to be on it.
A few other groups and mailing lists exist, also, but the problem is
that they're all "competing in the same memetic space." Most of the
groups are low-volume, so the discussions rarely take off.
But discussing politics here is not at all banned--how could it be?
Politics comes up a lot, including the Clipper debate and all the
recent discussions.
The "Cypherpunks write code" credo is related to the idea that
actually bringing on the future we want to see, via such things as
remailers, anonymity, digital cash (someday), etc., is more
important--and more interesting--than the usual political chatter
about whether the means of production belong to the ruling class or to
the working class, whether trees have legal standing, and whether gold
should be the basis of money. Blah blah, we've all heard this stuff
But with the "ground truth" of strong crypto to keep us honest, to
keep us focussed, these political debates take on a new piquancy and a
new importance. Our debates about banking, national borders, extortion
markets, tax evasion, electronic democracies, and so on, have been
fairly useful.
So, Black Unicorn, where else will you find another group that has this mix
of folks, this combination of crypto expertise and political acumen?
A comprehensive list position? My views (which I call "crypto
anarchy") are well-known. Many others seem to agree with some or all
of the main points. Others don't. But how can 700+ folks on this list be expected to reach a consensus?
Furthermore, we have no voting, no leadership--except the "leadership
of the soapbox." No central lobbying office such as EFF, CPSR, and
other political action groups have. No funding. No treasury. No
nothing. Thus, it's unlikely we'll ever be like the EFF, issuing
position papers, lobbying Congress, sending out spokesmen to talk to
groups, and so on. We're more of an anarchy, appropriately enough.
And yet we serve a useful function, as borne out by the citations in
the press, the inclusion on mailing lists of CPSR, EFF, etc. It seems
to work pretty well.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-17 18:47:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Laundering money through commodity futures 
Not only that, but paintings were a favored way to transport large
amounts of cash in a compact form across U.S. borders. From the
article I read about 2 years ago, in "ArtWeek" or somesuch (I don't
normally read it...I just saw the story mentioned on the cover, in
connection with why so much art is being stolen, used as collateral,
moved around, etc.), art does *not* have to be declared at Customs at
the U.S. border, either coming or going.
So, a Columbian cartel member wishing to move $10M into or out of the
U.S. can carry Picasso's famous "Young Girl Encrypting a File" in his
luggage and not have to worry.
The same article mentioned that bribes were often paid to people by
selling them artworks at "artificially low" prices. (The notion that
there is some "true" or "market" price for thinly-traded things like
paintings is at issue here. Many opportunities for tax evasion, money
laundering, and bribes. And not much the government can do about it.)
Ironically, I saw Peter Wayner's article in "RISKS" a few days ago and
was preparing e-mail to him noting the similarity of what he talked
about to Hillary Clinton's sweetheart deal...then Netcom crashed and I
never did send the mail.
"Insider nontrading" is another gem of an idea.

@_date: 1994-04-17 21:56:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Clipper Comparisons for non-geeks 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I was tempted to respond to Bill Stewart's point here with one of my typical
spoof press releases, patterned after the Chicago Housing Authority
(not the name of a band) door-to-door search for weapons. But, alas, I
lack the energy tonight to craft such a post, and, besides, you'd all
know immediately it was a fake. (Or would you?)
The point Bill makes is a valid one. If the State is your landlord,
and that (supposedly) gives the State the right to bypass normal
Constitutional protections, then why does this same logic not apply
(and why won't it be applied increasingly in the future) to frisks of
those walking on public streets, driving on public roads, etc?
(I know the Supremes have ruled on cases invoving search and seizure
on buses, etc., so we're not in a vacuum here. My point is not a
legalistic one, but one based on the Chicago case.)
Speaking of landlords, when I was renting I certainly had no
expectation that the landlord had any "rights" to invite the police in
to inspect my place for guns, drugs, or other such "contraband." Was I
mistaken? (I'm not saying a landlord can't enter the premises...it
depends on the rental agreement. Most landlords give warning. Some may
snoop. But I think letting in the cops, without a warrant, is still an
illegal act. I could be wrong.)
[A practical policy to head off the Chicago situation is this: Even if
the State is the landlord, the role of the State as landlord and as
Police should be kept separate. An even better policy, of course, is
for the State to get out of the business of being a landlord!]
With so much of our world increasingly being owned by the State (the
consequence of a dollar being taxed many times in its life is that the
State ends up controlling lots of land, lots of highways, facilities,
military bases, courthouses, schools, etc. Eventually they may get it
all.), this "we can frisk you because now you're on our turf" approach
may put a de facto ending to the Bill of Rights.
Unless it is stopped, of course.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-18 10:54:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Clipper Comparisons for non-geeks 
Some misplacing of blame here.
Don't forget that it is the "War on Drugs," the requirements for
getting govenment contracts ("a drug-free workplace"), and even the
civil liability laws (where a corporation gets sued into the ground if
drugs are involved...), etc., that are causing the current hysteria.
I know a lot of heads of companies (sometimes I think I'm the only
person who worked in Technology Development at Intel in the 1970s who
didn't end up the President of a company!) and their attitude on drug
use is that they don't want to be bothered with what their employees
(or themselves :-}) do on their own time!
But their lawyers tell them the government, the "Drug Czar," and the
legal system are making it necessary to implement a "drug and smoking
and abusive-language free environment."
Corporations left to themselves have little interest in testing for
previous drug use....obvious inebriation is another matter. (Being
drunk on the job is a firable offense at most companies...but I can
recall more than one departmental lunch" at Intel where too much wine
and beer was consumed and we returned to work mostly drunk, with our
department head standing at the door, passing out dimes for the coffee
machine and shaking his head in amusement.)
Corporations exist to make money, for the most part. A few are run for
ideological reasons, which may involve attempts to snoop or to
regulate the off-hours behavior of employees. The response of those
concerned should be to _leave_. A fair response.
What's so bad about government-corporate ties is that the same crummy
policy is then enforced everywhere, and there's no "leaving."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-18 19:11:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Sudaplatov book, McNeil-Lehrer TONIGHT (Monday) 
It may be too late for the East Coasters, but tonight's McNeil-Lehrer
Newshour devotes 30 minutes to the just-released book, "Special
Tasks," by Sudaplatov.
Sudaplatov was effectively head of SMERSH, which many people think was
Ian Fleming's fabrication...it was real, meaining "Death to Spies."
Soviet MVD Counterintelligence. His actual title was head of Special
Tasks, responsible for spy rings in the U.S. and Germany,
assassination of people, etc.
Important stuff! Revelations about Oppeheimer, Fermi, Bohr, and Gamov
giving assistance to the Soviets, about the death of Trotsky, and
about the sabotage of U.S. military bases.
I happened to be reading the book today in a local bookshop, and when
I got hope Harry Bartholomew, of our list, had left a message alerting
me to the McNeil-Lehrer report.
Check it out tonight, if you can. Consult your local listings. Many
stations air it at 10, others at 11 (the late airings, that is).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-18 19:19:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: moving money laundering to Extropians list 
I certainly agree with Greg Broiles that this thread is appropriate
for Cypherpunks:
And digital money, offshore markets, Internet casinos, and the like
will surely have an effect on how money laundering, asset hiding, and
the like will be done. Very apropos to the list.
Besides, a new thread on money laundering schemes, one which even
touches on the mathematics of martingales (something many more people
should work out to their own satisfaction), is a whole lot more
interesting than tired old discussions of TEMPEST and whether Clipper
is good or bad (the topic is fine, but we've beat it into the ground
37 times and only Dorothy Denning and David Sternlight are known to
support it).
Sounds like a good idea to me.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-19 11:16:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Money Laundering thru Roulette 
Maybe I'm just mistunderstanding the point David Rees is making:
No, converting one wad of, say, $100,000 into another wad of $100,000
is not the goal.
Let us suppose "Hillary" (much more interesting than our usual
cryptographic stand-in, Alice) want to be able to spend $100,000 given
to her by a friend at Tyson Foods in exchange for regulatory favors. He gives her a wad of $100,000. She takes this wad to Las Vegas (or,
now, to the nearby Mississippi River gambling boats) and "exchanges"
it. What has been accomplished? Nothing, except the comparatively
trivial change in serial numbers (which _can_ be an issue if the bills
are marked, as in a sting, but this is rarely an issue).
This is a _kind_ of money laudering, as is literally running currency
through washer-dryer cycles (yes, this is done), but this is not the
common meaning of "laundering," and the one which we're focussing on here.
No, one of the main goals of money-laundering is to make the
bribe/whatever money appear to be "legitimately earned," so that taxes
may be paid on it (yes) and the money then used for other investments,
buying houses, etc. "Legitimately earned" can mean won in Las Vegas,
or in cattle futures, etc. Hence the schemes here.
(In Hillary's case, suddenly having $100K that the IRS and other
agencies can find no "paper trail" for would be evidene of bribery,
for example. I suppose Hillary could claim it came out of her
mattress, where she'd been saving money for years, but I doubt this
would fly.)
U.S. casinos are closely watched for this kind of thing, of course. I
wonder if the IRS looks suspiciously at money won at the casinos on
Paradise Island, Bahamas? Or elsewhere.
And, germane to our list, the "Internet Casino" that Nick Szabo and
others have talked about someday building.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-19 12:19:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Money Laundering thru Roulette 
I neglected to cc: the list on this reply to David Rees, and he was
kind enough to send me back the message so I could post it here.
This is me speaking:

@_date: 1994-04-19 22:35:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Fixing "Flooding" with Pretty Good Digital Postage 
(Hal knows this, but for those who are new....)
Charging some small amount remailing effectively fixes this
problem...if someone want to flood a site with thousands of letters a day,
and each one costs them 10 or 20 cents, the remailer site makes a tidy
profit, which can then be used to buy more machines, a T1 link or two,
This "digital postage" could be a simpler subset of digital money,
e.g., collections of numbers which are bought it advance and which can
be used once and only once. Anonymity comes in various ways, such as
by trading with others (lots of issues here, but not unsolvable ones,
I think).
"Pretty Good Digital Postage" would solve a lot of these problems, as
well as making the remailer economy more normal, more market-driven.
(Ultimately, we want "Mom and Pop remailers," with incentives.)
No central authority needs to force this to happen, nor to set postage
rates. Let those who wish to remail "for free" continue to do so, let
those who set their rates too high be taught a lesson in market
economics, and let the invisible hand work its magic.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-19 23:06:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: BlackNet--the Truth 
One of several such questions or comments:
I don't have time right now to dig up my last couple of explanations
of this experiment, so let me summarize for the new folks.
I'm not enclosing the original BlackNet "prospectus" here, as it has
been circulated several times, including a posting to 100 newsgroups
by L. Detweiler a short time ago. If you simply _have_ to have it,
it's around. 1. I authored BlackNet last summer, as an experiment, and as a "proof
of principle" for a discussion at a Palo Alto nanotechnology group.
Several list members were there.
2. Hence the emphasis on nanotechnology and the like. That was picked
so as to strike a resonant chord with the nannites.
3. I anonymously e-mailed copies to several people I expected to be in
attendance, so as to encourage some interest, and so they could see
how such things might really develop (black markets for nanotech
weapons and other developments). 4. The numbers are real. I generated the BlackNet key, for the
 address, and I can of course read the
traffic posted to BlackNet. Communication is by anonymous pool (a la
Myron Cuperman's pools) or by posting anonymously into a
publically-readable group (same idea). If BlackNet were real, I would
of course not be admitting my connection to it.
(However, to reiterate: it is real in the sense that the "parts work."
That is, it is not just a Potemkin protocol.)
5. Somebody, not me, took his e-mail copy and anonymously e-mailed it
to the Cypherpunks list, around last August-September. It caused only
a minor stir. On the Extropians list, I also did a follow-up--this
time intentional--announcing that "BlackNet Investigations" was
announcing its anonymous dossier service. You can imagine the
(I confessed to this experiment a mere few days later, as it looked
like some were going along with the joke, adding their own comments
about being "shocked, simple shocked" at what they found in their
dossiers, while others were growing more and more worried. I think it
was Eric Hughes who dubbed this "guerilla ontology.")
6. From Cypherpunks, Detweiler posted it to more than a hundred
newsgroups, where the reaction was puzzled, confused, and angry. This
was largely the reason he finally had his colostate account yanked.
7. Since then, it continues to bounce around. Oak Ridge National Labs
was one of several places that had it (minus the PK block at the end)
and had warned their employeess to be "on the lookout" for it and for
evidence of theis kind of cyberespionage.
And so that's the story. --Tim May
(If you don't hear from me the next couple of days you can assume I
was taken away by the Men in Black to the Area 51 Surveillance Center,
or that I am off at the Asilomar Microcomputer Workshop.)

@_date: 1994-04-23 13:11:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: T-Shirts, Neil Young, Asilomar, and Smalltalk 
This may set a new record for me in putting seemingly unrelated topics
into a single post!. But upon getting home from a technial conference
last night (which had Neil Young as a participant) and getting ready
for a Pink Floyd concert in distant Oakland, I found 210 e-mail
messages on my machine, most of them Cypherpunks. No way can I digest
them soon (and Netcom compressed them before I could download them
with Eudora....ah, the wonders of these systems).
So, without furhter explanation, a move from "Cypherpunk Criminal"
t-shirts to Neil Young to capability-based systems to enviroments for
developing protocols:
I got a Cypherpunk Criminal t-shirt, from Curtis Frye (thanks!), as I
had neglected to get my order to Christian in on time.
I agree that it's a great t-shirt! I wore it at the Asilomar
Microcomputer Workshop, where it got a lot of interest. Ironically,
most of the interest was in the number on the back, not the giant
lettering on the front...I guess it proves that people talk behind my
Neil Young, the music guy (and one of my all-time favorites), was at
the conference to talk about his joint venture with Lionel Trains (*),
and he smiled when he read what was on the t-shirt.
(*) Neil Young has a 600-acre ranch in the Santa Cruz Mountains and a
huge model train setup, which he uses with his disabled son. He's very
supportive of technology for the handicapped, and wanted a
"tetherless" radio control for train setups. For the past 10 years
he's funded efforts, most of which were derailed by technical problems
(like sending logic signal in an extremely RF-noisy environment).
The problem is making a system backwards-campatible with the installed
base of Lionel trains (and others that use the same power system, the
same "blue sparks" (lots of RF!), etc. He recently worked with some
guys he met through the Asilomar conference, including our own Bruce
Koball, and great progress was made.
After achieving some success, including a "manufacturable" system, he
met with the President of Lionel, who got over his initial skepticism
and became a supporter. A 50/50 partnership called "LionTech" exists
and is set to roll out a complete system of backwards-compatible
controllers and whatnot, this coming October. (New engines, with sound
effects, including digitally recorded-and-compressed railroad sounds,
are needed, but old tracks, old transformers, old cars, etc., will
still work.)
It looks pretty exciting, and I suspect it'll sell well. (I suggested
thy work with Fry's Electronics, the mega-electronics chain in the Bay
Area, and Neil thought this was a great idea, as Fry's has huge
amounts of floor space for a good demo setup.)
Neil was also very much interested in other kinds of tech (no, I
didn't hit him up to fund digital banks!) and it was a real pleasure
to be able to talk to him in such a small setting....the 100 or so
attendees at Asilomar were in the sharpest possible contrast with
seeing Pink Floyd last night in the Oakland Stadium!
I hope this isn't too far "off the track," so to speak, for this
I did give a 25-minute talk on "Implications of Cryptography," which
generated some good discussion. I also cemented some thoughts in
discussion with Bernard Peuto and Ted Kaehler about the need for a
deeper analysis of the old computer science work on "mutually
suspicious cooperating agents," which was predicted to be a Big Thing
for computer science (along with objects, segmented logical address
spaces, and several other such Good Ideas), but which faded out when C
and flat, Unix-style address spaces came to the fore.
Some of these failed ideas could finally achieve more prominence where
they are actually needed: not built into high-volume mass-market
microprocessors (where the failures like the i432 occurred), but used
instead in digital money, reputation-based systems, etc. (The academic
cryptographers are mostly oblivious, it seems to me, to the work done
in operating systems and agoric systems.)
The work of Norm Hardy, Dean Tribble, discussed here a couple of
times--but always useful to do again--immediately comes to mind.
Food for thought. I'm wondering if a project to implement a kind of
"Digital Money World," perhaps in SmalltalkAgents, wouldn't be an
interesting project. (Many will probably tell me that a collection of
Perl scripts would be more "portable" and more useful to the current
Unixcentric community....something I'd like to see more discussion
Exciting times.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-23 13:48:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: T-Shirts, Neil Young, Asilomar, and Smalltalk 
Yes, and you mostly get what you pay for: a "toy" environment that
nobody I know uses for anything. (The Gnu Smalltalk is analogous to
the toy implementations of Lisp and Scheme in C....a useful pegagogic
tool, but lacking the richness that the full "environments" are so
well-known for.)
The serious work is done in ParcPlace's VisualWorks, DigiTalk's
Smalltalk/V, or the new SmalltalkAgents from QKS.
Besides, I don't _have_ a Unix machine and I have no interest in
getting one (nor in trying to install a Unix on my Macs).  The above
programs are available for Windows, Macintosh, and Unix, in varying
degrees and combinations. (VisualWorks is mostly targetting Windows,
Smalltalk/V is a cheaper alternative, for both Windows and Macs, and
SmalltalkAgents has been released for the Mac, with versions for the
PowerPC (Q2 94), and Windows32/NT and SPARCstations to follow.
I'm not grinding an axe for Smalltalk, understand. Just commenting on
some directions. Maybe TCL is the way to go, maybe mixtures of Perl
scripts and short C programs are The One True Way (the remailers work
this way, and they are our major public success to date, with new
things like MagicMoney following the same path, so....).
The proposed language "Joule" (which some of our list members are
doing) may or may not be ideal, but in any case it is probably at
least a few years off.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-23 15:46:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: T-Shirts, Neil Young, Asilomar, and Smalltalk 
David Taffs has some very interesting points, which largely I am in
agreement with:
Thanks for the ref. My feeling is that the work on mutually suspicious
cooperating agents was "ahead of its time." This work was started in
the 60s, and then the model for compuation shifted from many users,
many program on a single machine to one user-one machine (for the most
part), and the flat address/RISC/C model "worked." (I'm not saying
these are all the same thing, but they're usually found together.)
With networks, and especially with heterogeneous mixes of agents
executing complicated protocols (a la digital cash), the time may be
ripe to reopen some of these issues. Chaum took the "Dining
Philosophers" problem (deadlock) and turned it into the "Dining
Cryptographers" problem (the full text of the paper in in the
soda.berkeley.edu archives, pub/cypherpunks). And "Byzantine
Agreement" (is this the same thing as Byzantine Generals?) shows up, I
recall, in some crypto papers.
Yes, of course this is what I meant. That's why I mentioned the
Smalltalk approach. (I won't get into issues of performance of C++
over Smalltalk and Lisp systems...my contention is that there's a vast
amount of computer power out there and a (relative) shortage of good
programmers and their time, and that this implies that only truly
time-critical things or many-times-replicated programs warrant writing
in lower--level languages. A religious point, no doubt.)
Indeed, and this was the Great Lesson of the i432 and other
capability-based machines, as well as the too-small segments of the
286. (The 486 and Pentium still have segments, as everyone knows, but
they are much larger....in fact, I am told that most folks set the
segment to the max and forget about it after that.)
Ironically, the power of our distributed crypto systems (many
machines, many users, many remailers, etc.) is that they are
"cryptographically segmented," to coin a term. That is, the various
machines are logically segmented, with code only running locally and
all communication done via the various comm protocols. This is the
strenght of these systems, that some spaces are "private."
I would agree, except the history of "develop it in an
ultra-high-level language/environment and then port it later" has not
been too encouraging: for whatever and various reasons, the ports
rarely take place.
But the idea of a MUD or MOO being a place to try out tools and then
somehow get them "compiled" is a good one.
More purple prose?
You'll find many on this list who agree with every point here.
I haven't found one yet.
I enjoyed your comments, for one. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-23 18:07:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: T-Shirts, Neil Young, Asilomar, and Smalltalk 
(quoting me)
(much of interesting story about Mentor Graphics elided to save space...)
Oh, but I think you're making my point! The "superachievers" (=
expensive designers, engineers) were buying Mentor and Sun and Apollo
and other workstations, and the CAD tools that ran on them *precisely*
to allow these superachievers to operate at a higher "semantic level"
than they would otherwise.
That is, the various CAD packages, with features ranging from direct
object manipulation (circuit elements, not just pixels) to silicon
compilation (perhaps overhyped...), are essentially "HLLs" for VLSI
and other design environments. Ditto in related fields.
I'm sure David knows this very well, but it bears analysis in the
context of tools for programmers.
And the fact that Mentor was competing (not very successfully--and I
was Intel in Aloha, Oregon from '80 to '82 and knew some of the folks
who founded Mentor--same time as the even-shorter-lived Metheus) with
Sun and with high-end PCs meant that speed was very important. I agree
that a workstation that ran CAD software 3 times more slowly by using
Lisp would not be desirable (I can remember a couple of silicon
compiler outfits that attempted to sell Lisp-based silicon compilers).
Howver, most programmers I see are not writing this kind of
productized code. Perhaps this is just my bias, or the types of folks
I see.
Here on this list, Perl has been adequate. And it's just interpreted.
Furthermore--and this is one of my main points--most of the really
"neat and cool" ideas for crypto use, for crypto tools, etc., are not
getting done not because the code cannot be made small enough and fast
enough but because the "semantic gap" between our thinking about
crypto concepts and the tools to sit down and write them is so great.
(By tools I also mean "abilities" and conceptual classes (in C++
terms) or methods (in Smalltalk terms).
I think we need a "Crypto Toolkit." Henry Strickland is talking about
using TCL (a Berkeley-based C package, apparently used somewhat
analously to Perl, but with some differences) to provide a set of
crypto primitives.
My mention of SmalltalkAgents was more in line with the notion of a
"CAD" package for building complicated crypto protocols, with the
distilled knoweldge of the "Crypto" Conference proceeedings
implemented as classes and methods (even with objects named "Alice"
and "Bob," if needed). This could of course be done in C++, with a
class library of crypto functions.
This is the "high-level language" sense I was describing, with objects
that "behave as" digital cash, or communications channels, or even as
agents like eavesdroppers, spoofers, forgers, etc.
(I suspect you can see where I'm headed: an artificial ecology
(cryptecology?) of cryptographically-aware agents, thus creating an
environment for experimenting with and testing crypto protocols for
release into the world. The object-oriented approach is to allow
separation of functionality, so that the various distinct capabilities
are truly modular and are not just different chunks of code in a large
program, as PGP is currently an example of.)
My conjecture: 70% of all programmers now coding in C and planning to
learn C++ would be "better off" (more productive, more maintainable
code, fewer reinventings of the low-level wheels, etc.) with
higher-level languages. "Rapid prototyping" is another buzz phrase,
but an accurate one.
In cases where one's reach exceeds one's grasp, as appears to be the
case with all of these crypto ideas, bridging the semantic gap and
actually getting something out is, I think, much more important than
having it run faster (but not be built at all....).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-24 12:11:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Toolkit, Objects, and TeleScript 
In this message I talk about C code, agents, TeleScript, Smalltalk,
PGP tools, and the general and pressing need to somehow make all the
diverse fragments of code available and (even more importantly)
comprehensible and usable. (As I'm no expert in C++ and the like, take
my comments as "moderately informed speculations.")
Yes, this is mostly what I meant. Lots of stuff here, and I really
should use my outline processor to do a better job of outlining
options, routes, and miscellaneous points. But I'll just make a few
notes here. (The theme of the next Cypherpunks meeting, date not yet
finalized, is "Protocols," so issues like this are presumably
relevant. Depending on the date, I may be in L.A., and would welcome
meeting with other Southland Cpunks to discuss ideas.)
I. What We Have
* PGP...the most basic of all crypto functions (RSA
encrypt/decrypt/sign/etc.), and it took over a decade to get a usable,
public domain (?!) version. (Yes, I know about RIPEM, RSAREF, etc.)
(I mention this because _use_ of this protocol, even with a nice
manual and whatnot from Phil, Hal, Derek, and others, still mysifies
many people, and still is not easily callable from most mail programs,
as you all know. This is *terribly important point*, to wit: if the
most basic of all crypto functions is so long in gestation and so
difficult to use interoperably, what hope do we have in integrating
the vast range of crypto protocols to be found in Schneier, the Crypto
Conference Proceedings, etc? This is the problem I'd like to see
solved, hence my interested in "Computer-Aided Crypto Algorithms," or
* we also have fragments of C code accumulated and laboriously
developed by Bruce Schneier. How many of us have bought the C code
book and used the code? (Don't look at me....I had wonderful
intentions to convert some of Schneier's code from his C code (and C
is something I limp along in, using Think C 6.0, aka Symantec C++) to
Mathematica code (which I'm much more adept at playing around with,
though not at delivering code usable by others). But I've not yet
found the time or motivation to do this, as I suspect is the case with
many of us.
* there's the ProductCypher (sp?) code which Hal mentioned. I haven't
looked at it, for the same reasons I just gave. I _should_ look at it,
but I haven't. Oh well.
* code in Perl obviously exists in various places, and both Hal Finney
and Henry Strickland have written about TCL. Whether these scripting
languages, with excellent facilities for accessing Unix utilities
directly (as opposed to from deeply within a C program, like PGP),
should or can form the basis of a Crypto Toolkit that others will
actually use is unclear, to me at least.
* other programming efforts presumably exist out there in Cypherpunk
land, and some folks not on the List (unless by pseudonym, which is
quite possible....after all, ProductCypher is obviously a talented
programmer and may be one of the main folks posting algorithms and
code fragments to sci.crypt) are clearly writing code for various
...thus ends my informal summary of what's out there (it may be
incomplete, or inaccurate in places...corrections are welcome, as
II. What's Neeeded
* Consider some things we like to talk about:
- alternatives to RSA (elliptic functions, etc.)
- secret-sharing protocols
- remailer-specific code (adding latency, mixing, padding, etc.)
- dining cryptographers nets (DC-Nets, a la Chaum, Bos, etc.)
- digital cash (a vast area of diverse protocols for clearing
transactions, for blinding, for detecting double-spending, etc.)
- random number generators (Schneier, for example, supplies code
fragments for the Blum-Blum-Shub generator...need I again say that
probably few of us know how to "call" this code easily?)
- code for message pools, for chaining remailers, etc.....a lot of
this exists as scraps of Perl in various places.
- and so on
My point? How can we achieve the Crypto Singularity (tm) when these
algorithms and _conceptual functions_ (my term, meaning that each of
these embodies almost an agent-like level of behavioral
complexity....hence my interest in implementing these protocols as
classes and methods in something like Smalltalk or even the new
TeleScript) are scattered around, are hard to grok (a technical term
invented by the neural programmer Heinlein), and are more or less
going unused today?
III. Some Approaches to a Crypto Toolkit
* Large collection of C programs. The Schneier approach, except on
steroids. Regularize the calling conventions, add further
documentation, generate test sample, etc. A massive undertaking,
fraught with problems.
* C and Perl, and maybe TCL. As above, but use other Unix utilities as
* A class library for crypto, in C++. Encapusulate as much of the
capability into classes and make them available. For example (and here
I'm using Smalltalkish lingo), an "RSA object" would understand (have
methods for) messages sent to it that included RSA-encrypted sections.
It would find the identifying blocks (a la "begin pgp message") and
attempt to decrypt them with its private key. Similarly, a "digital
banknote" would have internal structure and methods for dealing with
various messages, such as "Display your value" and "Authenticate
I'm not sure how feasible this would be in C++, as I know very little
about C++ (I have Symantec C++ and _someday_ plan to learn enough to
get by on--not being a professional programmer, and nobody paying me
to learn, I have plenty of reasons to keep postponing this learning).
from my experiments with Digitalk's Smalltalk/V on my Mac, I think an
object-oriented environment could be ideal.
* TeleScript. Here I will go out on a limb and predict that the
forthcoming TeleScript, which is nicely described in the latest "Byte"
by our very own Peter Wayner, could be the basis for some exciting
progress. With multi-platform capability, object orientation, and an
explicit foucs on agents running around delivering mail, encrypting,
etc., it could be a winner.
Few details have been released by General Magic, AT&T, Apple, NEC,
etc., and a Developer's Conference is coming in several months. Our
own Scott Collins worked for GM for a while, and I believe Fen LaBalme
does (though he's not active on this list and may not even read this
message). They can no doubt comment generally on the prospects for
TeleScript and whether it could form a solid basis for Cypherpunks
(Speculatively, my notion is to embed in Telescript agents many of the
things we've been talking about, and then count on the market to make
mailers and Mosaic drivers to talk to these agents. Lots to talk about
* Speaking of Mosaic, what about using WWW/Mosaic as the basis for
transparent use? I'm already impressed that on a non-Mosaic platform
(I don't have either a SLIP or PPP connection at this time) I can use
my cut-and-paste to easily do a "lynx http::blah blah blah" and get to
a home page with arrow-selectable hypertext points. I can see
WWW/Mosaic/Lynx/etc. as a common platform (set of utilities) for
handling even encrypted traffic.
IV. Conclusions (brief)
* Existing tools are hard to understand (isn't surprising--we can't
use of an Asmuth-Bloom secret-sharing protocol to be easy to use if
people first of all have no idea what "secret sharing" means in a
formal sense, etc.)
* Integrating existing tools (PGPToolKit, Perl scripts, Schneier's
code, RSAREF) into new apps is basically *not* happening, at least not
by the Great Masses here on our list (let alone the Unwashed Masses
off the list!).
* Interoperability with dozens of mailers, on several platforms,
remains a critical problem.
* Hence, *good luck* in getting all the whizzy new protocols we like
to speculate about implemented any time soon.
This is the challenge I see. To somehow deal with this set of
Thanks for reading...and I again apologize for just sitting down and
writing this in emacs instead of using my Mac-based outline processor.
Sometimes just writing is better than planning, reorganizing, and
never finishing.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-24 12:45:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Information-Hiding" in Crypto Programs 
The challenge I mentioned in my last message can be summarized as
- hide the complexity of implementation in the code, so that other
programmers, and especially end-users, don't have to worry about it.
- to pick a simplest example, a random number generator needs to
generated a good random number without the user having to worry about
a zillion related issues
(this may get flames....I'm not saying users should be blissfully
ignorant of some of the assumptions that went into the RNG, only that
most users want an RNG that operates consistently, has been tested by
others, etc. This is the Mathematica function method: have experts
devise the best factoring or primality testing approach, implement it
efficiently (usually in C or even machine language), and then give it
to the user as "FactorInteger[3858783237285638838513] for him to
incorporate as a canned functon.)
- "information hiding," or modularization, means hiding the
implementation details from the user and providing regularized calling
conventions to make the code behave almost like a "thing" (internal
consistency, reproducible behavior, etc.)
- "crypto objects" (or instances of classes) would presumably know how
to handle the usual crypto messages.
- "digital cash objects" would help with the extraordinarily confusing
protocols for multi-party transactions
I'm not saying _how_ they would help, just that my intuition is that
the crypto community could make new strides if the imperative style of
programming ("do this," "now do this," etc.) were to be supplemented
with the descriptive style ("this is a digital cash object and these
are the messages it understands") and even the logical style (of
Prolog, for example).
Two years ago, Eric Hughes and I spent a few intense days debating
these sorts of issues, including discussions of "program correctness"
and protocol generation. For digital money to succeed, there had better not be flaws and
loopholes that allow attackers to drain your money away or to cause
confusion and doubt amongst your customers! Automatic theorem-proving
methods, so often the topic of dusty old Ph.D theses, may come to the
fore to handle these extremely complex (and attackable by spoofers,
eavesdroppers, forgers, etc) protocols.
This stuff goes beyond what I was talking about with objects, classes,
and libraries, but may be needed sooner than we think.
I promise to shut up for a while.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-24 14:19:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The un-BBS 
The subsidies are as follows:
- universities that provide "free" access to students, faculty,
researchers, etc. (all those ".edu" accounts)
- corporations that provide similar access to some or all of their
- government labs, offices, etc.
The number of Internet users who are going through commercial services
like Netcom, Panix, Portal, etc., or through services like CompuServe
and Prodigy, is currently a small fraction of the overall total. This
will grow, but for the present discussion, most Internet users are not
paying their own bills for their usage of the Net (let alone paying to
ship NetNews around the world).
And even the commercial service providers cross-subsidize in various
ways (Netcom, for example, is reported to be making real money in its
T1 links...).
My point was not at all that FidoNet is a superior service (it isn't).
What I said was that the Internet is subsidized--I didn't elaborate on
by whom, and I certainly wasn't saying ARPA or NSF pays for it
all--and that this accounts for much of its explosive growth.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-24 21:21:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The un-BBS 
When the costs are underwritten by others, and the marginal cost to an
employee or student is zero or near zero, I call that a subsidy. The
pencil example is indeed a subsidy, just as when we often hear things
like "Intel is subsidizing the costs of lunch for its employees."
(Subsidies occur for various purposes.)
Oxford English Dictionary, Second
subsidy -- 1. help, aid, assistance   (and many related variants)
American Heritage, Third
subsidy -- 2. Financial assistance given by one person or government
to another.  (and so on)
See above. This meaning of subsidy is commonly used, at least by me
and the dictionary makers. When a father angrily says to his son,
"Look, who do you think is subsidizing your little adventures?," this
is the meaning. Or the lunch example.
Regardless of such nit-picking about exact meanings of words, there is
no doubt that for most people on the Net today, their costs are
subsidized (paid for all or in part by others) and thus their market
decisions are skewed or distorted by this process. The millions of
college students with Net access through their schools can hang out in
MUDs and MOOs for many hours every night, knowing their costs are
fixed (that is, the costs are folded in to their fees, possibly, or
don't exist at all....who can say). The point is that this "free" (marginally, at least, and largely free
even in overall terms) service will generally outcompete one which
offers similar services but which requires the user to pay for his use
in a standard sort of way.
And, yes, these same arguments apply to why corporate and government
users, whose access to the Net is provided by their employer, will
also pick a service that has zero marginal cost to them over a service
(like FidoNet) that may cost them hundreds of dollars a month for a
feed (I won't get into the range of FidoNet connections, or what
telecom pricing trends will means, etc.).
(Again, I am making no arguments here for or against the subsidization
of students or employees. Merely commenting on a competitive fact of
life about the Net.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-24 21:34:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Please be patient with me. 
...much stuff elided...
I haven't been participating in this thread, as I have no energy for
standard old statist vs. libertarian and ban guns vs. Second Amendment
arguments. And I'm not going to start participating now.
Why I'm writing is to say I won't "have patience" (the title of Jim's
thread here) with someone who 40 minutes earlier (10:29 pm, EDT) was
lecturing us all on how inappropriate this thread is and how we all
ought to "take it to e-mail."
I've generally noticed here (and throughout the Net, possibly
throughout the Real World) there are folks who lecture about something
being inappropriate---and then can't contain themselves and have to
add more crap. Often the complainers about some discussion being
"off-topic" are themselves the worst offenders in terms of not knowing
when to let an argument just drop.
(No offense to my friends for whom this applies.)
Topics ebb and flow on this list, and it seems to me that the issues
surrounding the door-to-door searches of a housing project have at
least _some_ relevance to cryptography and the issues we usually talk
about. I tend to agree, though, that the recent discussions are mostly
just personal rants.
Far be it from me, though, to urge that a topic no longer be
discussed. And especially if less than an hour later I feel the urgent
need to write even more stuff on the topic.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-24 21:39:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: licence plates seen 
I didn't add to that thread.
I did write several long articles about crypto, objects, toolkits,
etc., but I guess stuff like this is outside the current charter of
Cypherpunks, as there has been little comment on my proposals today
(I'm reading my mail sequentially, and mostly I've seen stuff about
guns, Oldsmobiles, inner cities, warrantless searches, housing
projects, ASCII codes ("Hey, _codes_ man!"), and nothing on the
threads on crypto toolkits. Oh well.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-25 11:20:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Wow, what a key! 
In yet another example of what Eric Hughes has dubbed "acronym
overloading," of which ATM and LCD are two of the more egregious
examples, PGP obviously means "Pretty Good Pussy."
(ObGynCrypto bar pickup line: "If you've the lock, I've got the key.")

@_date: 1994-04-25 12:25:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Wow, what a key! 
Another Floydian slip I see. Or is just another pick in the wall?
--Tim, who apologizes for these wastes of bandwidth but notes that
Cyperpunks seem less interested in software and more interested in
housing projects, guns, Oldsmobiles, and NSA manuals these days.

@_date: 1994-04-26 12:01:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Schneier's source code 
That was a typo on my part. There is no separate "book" of code, just
the diskettes.
Someone in Cypherpunks has a novel solution: print code in the most
easily OCRable font---I think the suggestion was that OCR-A and OCR-B,
or somesuch, are optimized for this (one would think so from the
names, but I had thought they had something to do with the magnetic
ink printing on checks...).
I'm sure Schneier would be entertain the idea of a special
"exportable" version of his code in which purchasers paid the $30 he
charges and received a loose-leaf book of very neatly and precisely
printed code, ready for easy OCRing.
And why not make it error-correctable? That is, provide a printed
version that can be scanned, OCRed, then error-corrected for any minor
character recognition errors? It may not be "human-readable," (*) but
it's _printed_ and that meets the letter of the law.
(*) And I can imagine human-readable versions that have the ECC stuff
at the end of each line, or in a block below, or whatever. But this
would not be the standard, of course.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-26 14:17:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority 
I heard a hilarious version of this, perhaps on another list a while back.
Someone who had an office with several chairs for visitors in it was faced
with people asking where they should sit.
Visitor: "Where should I sit?"
Office owner: "There." (points)
visitor sits down...
Office owner: "Sit over there." (points to another chair)
visitor complies...
Office owner: "No, go sit over there," (etc.)
The point being that people who ask to be ordered around, when the
situation doesn't warrant it (sometimes it may be appropriate/polite to ask
where to sit, for example), deserve to be shown the folly of their ways.
With regard to Hal's earlier point about the implications of cryptography,
I don't worry much about it. Sure, the path we take in history will
undoubtedly mean some folks who would have lived will now die....such is
the nature of nearly all choices.
(By not studying medicine and becoming an itinerant doctor in Africa, I
have undoubtedly "killed" hundreds or even thousands of people living on
the bare margin of survival who might likely have lived had one additional
doctor been available. And so on.)
Protecting my own privacy, my own financial dealings, using the currency of
the form I wish to use (rather than which the State tries to compell me to
use), and using other things on the Cypherpunks agenda can hardly be
considered in the same class as coercing by physical force, murdering
others, etc. I know Hal was not comparing use of crypto to coercion, but it
needs to be said that what we are doing is fully moral by my standards.
As to the Milgram case, I have no sympathies for the "traumatized." They
knew they were subjects in an experiment, and were probably being paid for
the experience. Besides, being one of the subjects I would think would be
quite a memorable experience. In any case, since they actually harmed no
one, but only were given a glimpse into their own psyches, what's the
damage? (That they "felt" damaged is not enough, else every psychotherapist
who aroused unwelcome memories and every party to a conversation who caused
uncomfortable feelings would be similarly open to such claims of damage.)
(Of course, the reality is that in today's world, Milgram's experiment
would probably be labeled as torture--of the test subjects told to pull the
levers--and he and his institution would be sued for multiple millions of
dollars. One more reason for data havens, medical havens, and such.)
If we go down the path of worrying about "psychic pain" inflicted on
others, then how can we operate in a world of failed marriages and
relationships, of hurt feelings, and of other such psychic damages?
Emotional and psychological assault is part of the world, and is not at all
the same as physical assault. We're losing track of this lately.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-04-26 15:12:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Synthetic Apertures to Increase Resolution 
Yes, but the positional accuracy required (on the order of the
wavelength) would be prohibitive to achieve. (Such things may be
possible for the NRO's DSP (more acronym overloading: DSP stands for
Defense Support Program) satellites to implement. I haven't heard any
speculations that this is actually being done.)
Synthetic Aperture Radar is feasible becuase the wavelengths are so
much larger.
The new Keck Telescope will eventually use a second telescope, now
under construction, located some distance away, for very long baseline
interferometry...I have no idea if it can be made to work as an actual
synthetic aperture. Jay Freeman man know.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-26 20:19:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CryptScript and Other Software Tools 
(I'll only respond to the points Matthew Ghil made about Crypto
Toolkits and such, not to his reactions to my laundry lists of
projects and code.)
Understand that I'm in no way suggesting Mathematica syntax for these
functions and modules (though there are certainly worse choices....).
But what the developers of Mathematica (henceforth MMA) did was to
provide functional tools for scientists and casual programmers (and
nonprogrammers) that did not require them to know C or to accumulate
their own C and FORTRAN libraries. MMA mainly is a collection of more
than 1200 functions, with user-defined funtions acting as keywords.
The market success of MMA (courses at most schools, about 20 books, a
journal, etc.), and its cousin Maple (a competitor actually, but also
a cousin), not to mention MathCAD, shows a market exists for
higher-level language tools.
(However, MMA and Maple and other such products are _environments_
requiring the product to run, with sometimes cumbersome means of
hooking to outside code and resources. This rules these out for most
users, who don't have MMA or SmalltalkAgents or the like. Still,
there's _some_ chance that such tools could be used for building
standalone apps. But I would have to agree with any criticisms that
Unix and C and such are more available--now.)
There's little doubt that C is more efficient, blah blah. But the
success in using Perl to write the remailer scripts in shows that
efficiency is not always the only concern.
A lot more to be said on this whole issue. I'm not sure everyone here
is interested, though. And I detect some impatience with the very
idea that these things need discussing....the idea that "Cypherpunks
write code" seems to be interpreted by some that what we should all do
is just to sit down and start pounding out C code.
(A good idea, of course. For those with the skills and the time. But
implementing something other than another cipher, such as we've seen
several of here, is *conceptually nontrivial*. For example, suppose a
DC-Net is desired as the target. Several efforts have started, but
none has reported any significant progress. Most of the efforts seem
stillborn. There are reasons for this, I think. The old "semantic gap"
between the descriptions in papers (themselves often incomplete or
confusing) and the tools available. I shudder to think at the
difficulties in writing C code from scratch to implement even a crude
DC-Net, absent crypto primitives like bit commitment (the idea of
choosing a bit then not being able to change it....done
cryptographically, of course) and the other "tools" that are assumed
in a real-world system but which are nonexistent in C.)
In line with PostScript and its newer cousin Telescript, I jokingly
suggested to Peter Wayner in a recent message that a crypto version of
such a crypto-protocol-oriented language be called "CryptScript." The
idea being that of a collection of tools and utilities, unified in a
language that can more seamlessly incorporate the current concepts and
protocols of modern cryptography. (Telescript itself looks
As I said in a private message to Hal Finney, I'm not at all trying to
set or focus the agenda of others. Rather, I'm just trying to focus my
own agenda through discussion. If others get something out of this
discussion, great. If they don't, at least discussion of crypto
protocols and integration with languages and tools is no more
off-topic than most discussions here.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-26 22:15:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: RSA-129...what's the big deal? 
Derek Atkins reports to us:
Of course. What else could it be?
First, to check your result, firing up Mathematica 2.2 gives:
{0.0666667 Second, 11438162575788886766923577997614661201021\
   829672124236256256184293570693524573389783059712356395870\
   5058989075147599290026879543541}
That is, it took MMA only 0.066 second, mostly overhead, to multiply
your two factors to the product you gave.
But much more interesting is seeing how long MMA's "FactorInteger"
function takes to find the factors:
Timing[FactorInteger [11438162575788886766923577997614661201021\
   829672124236256256184293570693524573389783059712356395870\
   5058989075147599290026879543541]]
{4194 Second,
{{3490529510847650949147849619903898133417764638493387843990820577, 1}, {32769132993266709549961988190834461413177642967992942539798288533, 1}}}
So, this took slightly longer, 4194 seconds, or a bit over an hour,
but MMA had no problem factoring this number. Why such a big deal?
MMA was even able to extract the magic words:
ExtractMagicWords [%]
{ NOTE THAT THE TIMING ABOVE HAS A CERTAIN DATE VALUE }
You people at the universities sure do know how to waste taxpayer
--Tim May
P.S. My congratulations. No practical use to factor just one such
number, given 10^72 particles in the Universe, but the methods used to
harness so many machines may be useful in all kinds of problems.

@_date: 1994-04-27 10:39:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Liberating Schneier's Code? 
In typical Cypherpunks fashion, we are beating this one to death! (How
else can we keep our message traffic high enough to keep using the
Cypherpunks list as a plaintext channel to carry messages stego'ed in
the right-hand margins?)
- some want the source code printed in OCRable form
- some just want it typed in by volunteers and then distributed
- and others are expecting the Karns case to get the export situation
resolved soon enough anyway
Need I point out that the source code already exists in
machine-readable form on the $30 disketter Schneier is selling?
All it takes is for someone to order it, then put the code on an ftp
site. Outside the U.S. And there are of course _many_ ways to get such
a diskette outside the U.S.
"This post is for disussion purposes only and is not to be construed
as an inducement to infringe the property rights of Schneier or his
publisher or to violate the ITAR, COCOM, or Sales to Pinko Nations
Laws." (had to put this in)
Yes, this solution "violates" Schneier's "property rights," but so do
the main alternatives above that folks are discussing. (And I'm not
being sarcastic here in my quotes around "violates" and "property
rights."  There are complicated issues here. Bruce Schneier himself
said he wanted to include the disk with every copy or at least have an
ftp site, so I don't think money is the main issue. And he's
presumably selling quite a few copies of the book, anyway.)
Independent of the Schneier book, I do think there needs to be a code
repository of useful code. Mark Riordan has some at his RIPEM site,
there's the RSAREF code that RSADSI makes available, and several other
code ftp sites I've seen (and which I've collected for the Cypherpunks
FAQ I'm getting closer to releasing).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-27 12:52:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Level of Discourse on the Cypherpunks List 
This post is about the level and quality of discourse here on this
Because of the number of posts I make (and one hopes, the quality?), I
get a fair amount of personal mail directed at me from people with
personal gripes about the way the list discussion is working, or not
working, or "should be run," and so on. Some of these points I even
agree with...and sometimes I tell my e-mailers this.
But several things need to be said:
- the list has more than 700 names on it, last time I checked (send
the message "who cypherpunks" (in the body) to majordomo at toad.com)
- these folks have diverse interests
- often newbies join the list and have things they want to get off
their chest; their agenda sometimes dominates the discussion until
they've exhausted what they wanted to say (or burn out and leave the
- old-timers who have been on the list for many months, and sometimes
since the beginning in October 1992, have seen the main themes many
times and may not want to contribute each time a thread comes up
- the list is an anarchy: it is not "run" by any one person, although
Eric Hughes has certain powers as List Administrator, and John Gilmore
has other powers (as owner of the machine on which the list runs).
[Please, not another debate about who owns the list, about how our
words are not owned by Hughes et. al., etc. And, please, not another
meta-debate about why shouldn't we debate this. One of the problems
with a community of 700, any of whom can take the "floor" at any time,
is that any statement gets a rebuttal, every debate becomes
contentious. _This_ paragraph will likely be angrily rebutted by at
least one of you out there.]
- I repeat: the list is an anarchy. There is no voting, no membership,
no Board of Directors, no formal policies or charter. Just a
collection of relatively common memes.
This whole issue came up again when a list member sent me a message
saying he had been lurking on the list for several weeks and that he
would "give it another couple of weeks" to see if the S/N ratio--for
the things that interested him--could be improved.
I wrote him the following reply. I have of course edited out his
comments and replaced them with vanilla comments.
"I've been lurking for several weeks. I'm unhappy with the large
number of posts which have little to do with this list. I'm more
interested in crypto methods, software, etc., and had hoped to see
more discussion of that."
There's certainly a lot of what you are talking about, wouldn't you
say? Yes, a lot of other stuff, too.
That is, mixed in with all the political stuff, the jokes, etc., is a
fair amount of commentary on algorithms, new code, status of exising
programs, etc. This certainly will appear to be fragmentary (e.g., a
bunch of short comments about D-H code), but this is because
Cypherpunks is a mailing list, not an essay list exclusively. Most of
the main stuff has been written about at least several times, so
newcomers cannot possibly expect a steady flow of tutorials, incisive
essays, etc. (And a steady flow of tutorials would turn-off a lot of
others, ironically.)
"I'm not willing to read 60-80 messages a day to find the stuff I'm
interested in. Or to find the associations with the alleged topics at
hand." [the last is my correspondents choice of phrasing.]
Then you are probably best off leaving the list, as nobody will tailor
their posts to match your exact needs, or even your approximate needs.
"I'll stay for another few weeks, then leave if things haven't
improved. However, I'd be interested in corresponding by mail with
others who are interested in working on code."
There have been at least half a dozen such attempts to create spin-off
lists, or subsets of the main list. There was a "hardware punks" list,
a "steganography list," and at least several regional sub-lists. All
have died for lack of interest. or at least are dormant. For example,
the "DC-Net list" was formed a year ago, by some guys who were tired
of reading about topics that didn't interest them. There was one
message, the welcome message, and then nothing more. C'est la vie.
(I joined several of these sub-lists, out of a sense of duty and mild
curiousity to see how they would do, and there's now zero traffic on
them. It's a critical mass problem: the Cypherpunks have the critical
mass to sustain discussions---perhaps sustain them too long, some
might say.)
"Maybe I misunderstood what the cpunks list was all about..."
The best way is to lead by example. So, where are your posts?
I look forward to them. But complaining that not all of the posts are
to your liking is pointless. I can't change what other people write,
can I? Nor can you.
The thing you can change is what _you_ write.
Besides, and this will be my final point, the list has been running
since October 1992, with an average of 400 people on it (700
recently). Most topics have been covered at least several times, and
sometimes a dozen times. The "old-timers" will thus usually sit-out
these nth rehashings of TEMPEST, or the powers of the NSA, or
steganography, or whatever.
If you want a higher level of discourse, begin it.
--Tim

@_date: 1994-04-28 11:37:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Papers on Crypto and the Future 
(Note on Names of Threads: I've changed the name of this thread from
"questions" to something a bit more descriptive. I urge all of you to
try to pick thread names with some care, as the thread name is what
gets seen over and over again. I've been sorting some of the 80 MB of
mail on my optical disk and I'm chagrinned to see just how many
threads are titled "Re: your mail," "more questions," "mail," and even
"huh?" Not to mention the recent long debate about telscope optics
that was named something completely unrelated like "IRC prt 25
disabled?" or somesuch. Take the initiative! Pick meaningful titles!)
Agent Orange defoliated us with:
Yeah, well there have been some excellent histories already written,
so you may want to save yourself some trouble and simply located them.
Is this paper for a class, or for whom?
I especially recommend Whit Diffie's review and history of crypto,
reprinted in the readily-avialable collection, "Contemporary
Cryptology," edited by Gus Simmons. Diffie was there, as they say, and
has some fascinationg perspectives. He's also talked extensively to
Don Coppersmith of IBM, about DES, and has some insights into the
compromises made. (Coppersmith acknowledges in the new Shamir-Biham
book on differential cryptanalysis that IBM knew of Diff Crypt. in the
early 70s when the S-boxes and key size were being finalized. He would
not tell S & B if IBM or himself knew of other attacks.)
There are also magazine-type reviews in "IEEE Spectrum" and
"Communications of the ACM," circa 1992-3. "Proceedings of the IEEE"
also has devoted at least one recent issue to crypto, including some
historical overviews. (I think this was circa 1990, give or take. I
can't remotely access "Current Contents" at melvyl at ucop.edu right now,
so this'll have to do.)
What's wrong with pointing your readers at Schneier? This has become
the de facto standard, and the extensive review and scrutiny of his
code ensures more accuracy than most of us could get casusally.
As they say, "Use the Force...read the source."
Many such papers, though we on this very list (I say modestly) are
some of the best forward-thinkers to be found. Sci.crypt also has some
stuff, but I think not as good as our own predicitons and
Of course, the best way to see the technical aspects of the future
(and a method I favor) is to scan the contents of the various "Crypto
Conferences," in the Springer-Verlag series on "Advances in
Cryptoology," "EuroCrypt," "AusCrypt," etc.
If anyone out there is unaware of these volumes, you owe it to
yourself to go to a nearby technical library and look them up. A few
hours spent reading about amazing new protocols will open your eyes.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-28 12:03:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Paranoia Strikes Deep, Into your Heart it Will Creep... 
David Koontz expresses alarm:
So? Lots of military bases are near urban areas. I haven't seen this report before, but my hunch is that the plan is to
use the large dirigible hangars (some of the largest buildings in the
world, built in the 1920s and 30s) for the rappelling exerices. Just a
In any case, since there aren't many other tall buildings around here
likely to be occupied in the Coming Crisis (tm) by Cypherpunk
Criminals (tm) and other CyberTerrorists (tm), I hardly think there's
a correlation between where this merry band of Special Forces guys
does their training and where, if anyplace, they get deployed. Do you
think there's a correlation?
In any case, guys rappelling down buildings is the least of our
reasons for paranoia.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-28 23:21:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymous accusations not worth much 
Cheer up, NetSurfer, as nobody takes anonymous accusations too
seriously...at least not anyboy with any common sense.
Reputations matter, and anonymous entities who provide no verifiable
info (not that many of us want to see such info, or would bother to
investigate it) have almost zero reputation. The calculus of
reputations thus means that anonymous accusations carry little weight.
There's a lot more to be said here. This issue lies close to the heart
of how crypto anarchy works.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-04-29 14:27:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Random #'s via serial port dongle? 
Russ Nelson asks:
Yes, it's been debated many times on this list. The forthcoming FAQ
has a section on random number generators, noise sources, Zener
diodes, commercial implementations, etc.
Several people have said they could sell them for $25. So far, I know
of no such serial port dongles for $25. If you really think you can do
it, go for it.
(But, as politely as I can put it, don't make a lot of vague promises
to the list, ask for ideas and feedback, and then let the whole thing
drop. This has happened several times before.)
I don't think generating random numbers is all that much of a
priority. The Blum-Blum-Shub C code is available, and I defy anyone to
break _that_ PRNG! (Issues of entropy are a bit different, but I
expect the entropy with the BBS generator to be about as high as one
can get, and as high as what would get in some instance with a
"physically random" RNG.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-02 10:50:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tuna fish spams a growing fact of life 
Stopping attacks like this will not be easy:
* the attacker is using alt.test (as I recall) to report
results...this is precisely the "anonymous pool" we argue for, for
* if he's as smart as I suspect, he's also bouncing the messages to
penet through Cypherpunks-type remailers first. This makes it harder
(a little harder now, with our fragile remailers, *much* harder
someday) for Julf to "record the name of the site where all these
requests are originating."
The fragility of the Net exposes it to spamming attacks. And I think
Julf agrees that a rewrite of the code at his site is overdue....he's
mentioned this here, and is seeking donations.
(Personally, I think the "volunteer" aspect is at fault here: tens of
thousands of users use it for "free," while the software can't be
rewritten or maintained adequately. Why not a commercial service? And
the same arguments apply, as always, for the Cypherpunks model of
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-02 17:43:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: My light bulb goes on... (was:Re: Tuna fish...) 
Thanks, Roy, but I've been arguing this for a -long_ time, as have
others. The "digital postage" proposal (stamps, coupons, simple
digital cash) fits right in.
Current remailers are run in a haphazard way, with poorly-stated
policies in some cases, with haphazard maintenance, and with no profit
motive to push for higher performance, better reliability, and,
critically, with a commitment to service and long-term viability that
a real business would have.
(To pick one example, without picking on particular people, it's real
hard to take a remailer seriously when it goes up and down, when it
bounces mail, or when a terse message is broadcast saying: "My
remailer is going down for a while because I'm taking my laptop to
Portugal for the summer." I'm not picking on these folks, who are
running remailers as an experiment and as a free service, but this is
part of the overall problem we face.)
There are many issues about remailers that have been written about.
Feature sets such as padding, types of encryption, reordering, etc.
I've written long posts on this, and so have such folks as Hal Finney,
Ray Cromwell, Matthew Ghio, Graham Toal, and others. (We get a lot of
"Say, what if remailers waited a while before remailing?" comments,
which sometimes get responded to, but which are often dismissed.
Suffice it to say that a taxonomy of features can be developed, but
casual analyses of just part of the situation tend not be helpful.)
"Mom and Pop remailers" is my term for the for-profit remailer
services which people could install in their homes, hook up to the
Net, and operate for profit. Digital postage, at a rate they choose
and others can then accept or not accept (and thus not use them).
Yes, a good opportunity for an entrepreneurial Cypherpunk. Lots of
good issues to consider.
(I'll throw out one random idea, one of many: a bunch of remailer
operators (henceforth, just "remailers") can organize themselves into
a kind of "Remailer's Guild." Purely voluntary, as all aspects of
remailers are. The 100 or so members, for instance, could agree to
meet certain standards of confidentiality, and kick out anyone who
violates this standard. For example. Spamming is reduced in a couple
of ways. First, all messages are "paid for" by digital postage (set at
different rates, or by the Guild, all self-arranged). Second,
targetting of any single remailer by a malicious attacker can be
solved by the Guild's arrangement to distribute traffic amongst
themselves, especially before what is likely to be a "final" delivery.
I have a clear idea of this scenario, and why it helps a lot to
distribute risk, but this brief paragraph may not be sufficient to
make the points clearly enough. If there's enough interest, I'll
elaborate more carefully.)
I hope this helps. But newcomers should understand that hundreds of
posts have been made about these subjects. Perhaps the archive sites
mentioned here have some of them.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-02 19:33:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Attention Bay Area (and West Coast?) Cypherpunks 
The "Nova" PBS is tonight, at 8 p.m., repeating "The Codebreakers."
On Channel 9, KQED, in San Francisco, and maybe elswhere...depends on
when your area shows 'nova."
I only mention this because last time it was on, a bunch of folks
asked if anyone could send them copies, so there must be some

@_date: 1994-08-03 10:30:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Egalitarianism vs. Strong Cryptography 
(Good sentiments about small government elided....)
                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Not the untraceable cash systems most of us are interested in, that's
for sure. Since transactions between "Alice" and "Bob" are invisible
to outsiders, and they may not even know the identity of the other,
then it's hard to imagine how the Tax Man interjects himself.
Unless of course some "escrow" system is mandated, and independent
schemes are extirpated ruthlessly. Not a pretty sight.
In the crypto anarchist future I envision, this will never happen.
Mike and his friends are of course free to donate some or all of their
earnings to provide a "guaranteed annual income" for others, but not
But this gets into basic ideological issues, so I'll stop now.
The crypto significance is that strong crypto makes many things Mike
wants essentially impossible to achieve, fortunately.
                                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^
Huh? This paragraph does not compute.
In your dreams.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-03 11:23:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: broadcast encryption 
My recollection is that scrambling/encrypting over the broadcast
spectrum is allowed if the key is provided to the authorities.
(I have no idea how this works, if and how they would take a PGP key,
Clearly the satellite scrambling people (who operate from 22,500 miles
out, which makes this story have other interesting ramifications) can
trivially show what they are actually broadcasting, merely be
providing to FCC/WARC/UN/etc. a decoder box.
With the rapid rise in wireless LANs, radiomail, and dozens of other
wireless systems, I'm not sure how any of this ban-on-encryption stuff
is meaningful or enforceable. Compression looks like encryption, and
vice versa. And a thousand different formats make interceptions and
understanding a challenge. (I've heard specifically that wireless LANs
have no restrictions on encryption. Wonder what this means for
Teledesic, which is targetted for computer communication?)
I'm not a ham person (except as Klaus! or Shabbaz), nor am I lawyer.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-04 11:15:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
"Opening the list up"? I've been on the list since the beginning, and
anarcho-capitalist, politico-cryptologic themes have _always_ been
with us. The role and nature of government in the presence of strong
cryptography is a recurring, and important, theme.
Those who want to discuss the mathematics and engineering of
cryptology are certainly encouraged to do so, but not to stop other
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-05 20:56:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: What are Appropriate Topics? 
First off, my sincere apologies to Bob Snyder for quoting and
responding to his e-mail to me, without realizing he had not cc:ed it
to the list as well. I'm so used to replying to the author and then
having to manually cc: the Cyherpunks list that it was not until I got
the message quoted below that I realized his comments were private. I
will try to be more careful.
Partly it was his civil tone that misled me--it read like a post to
the list, and not a personal note. In any case, my apologies to Bob.
But I may as well respond to his comments (which I just checked to
make sure were sent to the list as well).
At least in my messages, I was not arguing merely statism vs.
libertarianism, or some such stale abstraction, but the specific issue
of taxation in the face of strong crypto and privacy, and the
oxymoronic nature of "volunteer governments." (I also think there are
issues related to privately-produced law which folks on this list
ought to know about, as it is the likely form of crypto anarchic law,
such as it is. The connections with crypto are quite strong, as it is
untraceable communication and commerce which makes these discretionary
communities possible.)
As for pure crypto being discussed on the list, there's a fair amount
of that. I've posted my share of explanations of zero knowledge proof
systems, dining cryptographers protocols, complexity theory, etc. I'm
not saying this to defend myself, per se, but to note that these
topics produced almost no discussion, almost no interest. Make of this
what you will.
As I said, my apologies for quoting Bob's e-mail. At least nothing in
his message was embarrassing or compromising or could have done with
any changes.
My real issue, which is perhaps why I reacted as I did, is with the
growing chorus of messages attempting to do "mid-course corrections"
on the topics discussed. Too many "We are deviating from the
Cypherpunks charter" and "But let's get back to crypto" messages, when
in fact the best way to steer discussion in the direction one wants is
to write a post or essay that _does_ this. (My major pet peeve is the
post which goes on and on and closes with the infamous "But this
really has nothing to do with crypto, so let's end this thread.")
Cypherpunks is not sci.crypt, nor is it alt.security.pgp. And the
oft-quoted mantra of "Cypherpunks write code" is incorrectly applied
in many cases. I was present at the founding of our illustrious group,
and, speaking for myself and for my understanding of the interests
expressed at the September 1992 Oakland meeting (at the home of Eric
Hughes), the topics of interest are *much more* than just "Cypherpunks
write code."
It may be true that boring liberal-conservative, left-right,
statism-libertarianism debates are best avoided (not to mention
believer-atheist and pro-choice--pro-life debates), but there are
numerous politico-cryptologic points of philosophy that merit scrutiny
and debate. For example:
* what happens to tax collection in an era of unbreakable cyphers?
* how will the state react? (seen in the many converging threads
involving national ID cards--including more news today on this, the
Postal Service plan to take over much of electronic commerce, the
software key escrow (SKE-GAK) schemes, the Clipper deal, etc.)
[Surely these are Cypherpunk topics? If not, what's left?]
* crypto anarchy issues. Hal Finney is more skeptical than I am, and
Hal and I had some reasonably good debates....more folks should join
in. Again, surely a prime Cypherpunks topic. If not, why do we exist?
Or do you all plan to simply accept my views as the official doctrine?
(I didn't think so.)
[Resolution of some issues surrounding anonymous murder contracts,
data havens for medical experiments on humans, etc., is a more
interesting and fruitful area that "Can DES be broken?" debates, which
were old and boring in 1985. We are apparently the only forum on the
planet thinking about these important issues, so it seems foolish to
not discuss them merely because some political issues come up.]
* what's really holding back the spread of digital cash? * where do we go from here?
And a dozen other juicy topics. If people want to debate these and
similar issues, we should *encourage* them to, not announce that the
topics are deviating from some imagined idea of the charter.
In fact, "Cypherpunks write code" is just one manifestation of the idea
that we can actually change the world through the technological
development of privacy-enhancing systems. For some, it may mean
writing Perl or C code. For others, hacking the legal and business
systems to figure out how to actually build digital banks. For still
others, it means building networks of remailers and digital mixes. It
can mean a lot of things.
It's generally best, I think, to lead by example. Instead of
pronouncing a topic to be off-limits or not consistent with the
charter, why not find a way to make what you *are* interested in also
interesting to others? That's how we'll move forward into new areas.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-05 21:12:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Latency vs. Reordering (Was: Remailer ideas... 
I don't understand this. My remailer (snakeoil at klaus.com.edy) gets
about 3 or 4 messages a day through it, and I'm very careful to add a
latency of 1 hour and sometimes 2 hours...surely this is more than
My friend Pandit says he gets 20 messages an hour, and he uses a
latency of 1 hour, so why can't I?
(Oh, you mean the key is to _randomly reorder_ the messages, not just
delay them by an hour when the average number of messages in an hour
is less than 1 anyway? Oh, now I see. Never mind!)
--Tim May, who is as tired as Eric is of hearing the hoary old
chestnuts about 'random delays,' this without regard to calculating
the amount of reordering. Part of the problem, I'll grant folks, is
that there are few if any papers showing calcultions on this--Chaum's
1981 paper only makes brief mention of reordering effects. I don't
think it's a _hard_ calculation, and I've made some estimates of the
"diffusion and confusion" deriving from a mix of 10 nodes, each with a
diffusivity of 10...with equal packet sizes, and no other identifying
clues, a simple analysis suggests 10^10 routes that could be followed.
However, if only 10 messages entered the mix labyrinth (my
nontechnical term!) and 10 left it, then regardless of the 10^10
routings, a monitor would still "know" that one of the 10 leaving was
the targetted message. On the other hand, he would have no certainty
as to which one. A condition true even if 2 messages entered a node
and 2 left it after being mixed. (It is this latter area, about
degrees of uncertaintly, that needs a more sophisticate combinatorial
anylysis. Again, not a big project...maybe a nice little Masters
thesis for someone to do, to extend Chaum's analysis a bit.)
P.S. I presume the list is back up again?

@_date: 1994-08-05 22:09:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Pinging Remailers 
Matthew Ghio was doing this for a while, and posted about it here
several times.
I told him I'd "subscribe to" a robust, stable, pinging service, one
that offered a table of various things, including:
- time in operation (important for deciding to use it or not)
- successful remails out of last N (e.g., "32 of last 34 attempts were
- maybe a _recent_ result (e.g., "5 out of 5 in last 24 hours were
- remailer policy, including encryption, logging, etc.
I still intend to pay Matthew once I get back to using such remailers
(I haven't in a long while) and can confirm that Matthew is indeed
offering a stable, robust, useful service. I doubt he'll maintain it
just for me, so maybe others of you can help. (I hate donation-based
systems, so clearly a true "subscription finger" or "subscription ftp"
would be better...and maybe fairly easy to implement, too.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-06 10:52:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Common Carriers and Illicit Shipments 
I'll take the "??" as an invitation for comment.
Package delivery services like UPS and Federal Express *do* have
immunity from prosecution based on what they carry, but this is in
exchange for allowing inspection of packages under specified
circumstances. Thus, if the DEA suspects a package contains cocaine,
it can be inspected, and the shipper will most likely cooperate in
resealing the package and continuing the shipment.
This is part of "common carrier" status. (I don't have any cites for
this, as I'm not a lawyer. But this topic has come up many times on
the Net, and the consensus of knowledgeable people is that
"participation in legitimate law enforcement investigations" is part
and parcel, so to speak, of being a common carrier.)
Caveat: I'm not claiming any of this is as it should be, etc. Just
stating facts as I understand them.
The implications for crypto are unknown, but between the Digital
Telephony Bill mandating easy tapping access and the various key
escrow schemes, I expect that a remailer network which cannot possibly
cooperate may face legal problems.
(One scenario: Digital Telephony III, in 1997, mandates that all mail
sites must keep records of incoming and outgoing packets, and where
they mailed them to, and must keep explicit mapping between incoming
and outgoing packets. These records must be available for inspection,
with a $10,000 a day fine fro noncompliance. With such a mandate, the
authorities could go to each and every remailer they find and demand
these records. A wrinkle: what about *offshore* remailers? Ah, things
then get very interesting.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-06 13:36:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailer listings/strategy 
Several flaws:
Mailing lists are a poor forum for sending "I'm up" messages out,
for various reasons:
1. Volume. 20 remailers x a message every 4 hours = 120 message a day
to the list. Not a good idea, for many reasons.
2. Scaling. Even with fewer than 20 remailers, the system breaks down.
Imagine if our goal of hundreds of remailers is met!
3. Not automated. Sending a text message out to everyone, and then
having interested folks write a script to parse the messages and
whatnot, is more work (probably) than having them finger or ping the
remailers themselves (don't have to go through mail as the
intermediary). And the remailer operators themselves would have to do
the donkeywork of creating and sending messages automatically, which
most of them probably won't do.
4. Mail to the list is hardly perfect itself, as we've seen many
times. Delays, downtime, etc. Why inject a new delay/variable?
5. Function. Basically, it's not the function of a mailing list like
ours to broadcast such messages. If many remailers do it, why not
money providers, other mailing lists, etc.?
6. Not all remailer users are going to be on the Cyherpunks list, so
why would the list be the solution? (Better would be either
distribution of the pinging scripts, a centralized finger pinger (I
like the sound of that: "finger pinger") such as Matt Ghio was
running, or perhaps an "alt.anonymous.messages.status" group, acting
as a message pool.
These are just the objections that come inmmediately to mind.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-07 22:00:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Latency vs. Reordering (Was: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering)) 
I've left the subject line unchanged, to show an unusual _triple
nesting_ of subjects!
Also, I just got back after a weekend away, and so am only now seeing
these interesting messages about remailers, entropy, etc. A subject of
great interest.
Yes, in _principle_, the theory is that Alice could be the only the
remailer in the universe, and still the "decorrelation" of incoming
and outgoing messages would be good. For example, 100 messages go in,
100 leave, and no one can make a better 1 chance in 100 chance of
matching any single input to any output. From a _legal_ point of view,
a wild guess, hence inadmissable, blah blah. (From a RICO point of
view, to change subjects, Alice might get her ass sued. Or a subpoena
of her logs, etc. All the stuff we speculate about.)
But we can go further: a single remailer node, or mix, that takes in 1
input and produces 2 outputs breaks the correlation capability as
However, we all "know" that a single remailer doing this operation is
in some very basic way less "secure" (less diffusing and confusing,
less entropic) than a network of 100 remailers each taking in hundreds
of messages and outputting them to other remailers. Why--or if--this
hunch is valid needs much more thinking.
And the issues need to be carefully separated: multiple jurisdictions,
confidence/reputation with each remailer, etc. (These don't go to the
basic mathematical point raised above, but are nonetheless  part of
why we think N remailers are better than 1.)
By the way, there's a "trick" that may help to get more remailers
established. Suppose by some nefarious means a message is traced back
to one's own system, and the authorities are about to lower the boom.
Point out to them that you are yourself a remailer!
This is more than just a legalistic trick. Indeed, as a legalistic
trick it may not even work very well. Nonetheless, it helps to break
the notion that every message can be traced back to some point of
origin. By making all sites, or many sites, into remailers, this helps
make the point that a message can never be claimed to have been traced
back "all the way." There are lots of interesting issues here, and I
see some vague similarities to the ideas about "first class
objects"...in some sense, we want all nodes to be first class objects,
capable of being remailers.  (There's an even more potentially
interesting parallel to digital banks: admit the possibility of
everybody being a digital bank. No artificial distinction between
"banks" and "customers." Helps scaling. And helps legally. I'm not
saying we'll see this anytime soon, especially since we have no
examples of digital banks, period. But a good vision, I think.)
Yes, which is why increasing N increases the chance that at least one
non-colluding remailer is being used.
A trick I have long favored--and one I actually used when we played
the manual "Remailer Game" at our first meeting--is to *USE ONE'S
SELF* as a remailer. This still admits the possibility of others being
colluders, but at least you trust yourself and get the benefits
described above.
[The alert reader will not that a spoofing attack is possible, as with
DC-Nets, in which all traffic into your node is controlled in various
ways. The graph partition work Chaum does, and others who followed him
do (Pfaltzmann, Boz, etc.), is very important here.]
Practically speaking, we need to see hundreds of remailers, in
multiple legal jurisdictions, with various policies. Messages routed
through many of these remailers, including one's own remailer, should
have very high entropies.
I still say that a formal analysis of this would make a nice project
for someone.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-07 22:13:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Latency vs. Reordering (Was: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering)) 
(quoting Hal Finney)
No, I'm afraid you have this backwards. A remailer cannot introduce
a chance of increase the chance of being compromised. (I'm assuming
that nested encryption is used, as all "ideal mixes" should use this,
cf. Chaum. The bastardized version we play around with, in which
encryption is skipped, is entirely unsecure.)
Perhaps I am misunderstanding you (Jim) here, but in no conceivable
way can I imagine that "Each additional remailer introduces another
chance of being compromised." Perhaps each additional remailer can
increase the chance of not forwarding the mail properly--as might be
done in a denial of service attack--but this does not mean security is
compromised. The remailer chain as strong as strongest link point that Hal and
others have made.
Since the trust in remailers in not unity, and since the addition of
remailers can only increase security and not decrease it, the ideal
number of remailers is greater than one.
Else, using the "trick" I described in my last post, simple establish
that one is a remailer and then stop bothering with other remailers.
(Not that I recommend this, for various reasons.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-08 10:32:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: reordering 
No, I mean that if it is desired to reorder with a batch of 10
messages (10 messages in, 10 messages out), then that's what one does,
whether it takes 10 minutes or 10 hours to get this many messages.
I think in my last paragraph above I made it clear that "random
delays" are a lose, generally, and that the "amount of reordering" is
what's needed.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-08 17:04:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Gore Letter and Software Key Escrow 
Some interesting comments from a recent issue of "EE Times":
"While some critics declared Clipper dead, Gore made it clear  that
any encryption system used for voice communications must retain that
the key-escrow framework that is the central feature of the Clipper
chip. The only difference will be whether private-sector escrow agents
will be added." ["Gore letter clouds U.S. Clipper policy," George
Leopold, "EE Times," 1994-07-25, p. 4]
[the article mentioned Gore's "We welcome the opportunity to work with
industry to develop a more versatile, less expensive system. Such a
key-escrow system would be implemented in software, firmware, hardware
or any combination thereof, would not rely on upon a classified
algorithm, would be voluntary and would be exportable."]
In an earlier article:
"Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., cosponsor of the Senate bill, said the
Clipper-chip proposal "has had a chilling effect on software
manufacturers in my state," particularly Microsoft Corp. She and other
Clipper critics testifying last week argued that software encryption
is widely available. "Federal efforts to put the genie back in the
bottle will be futile," Murray said." ["Congress adds its voice to
Clipper debate," George Leopold, "EE Times," 1994-05-09, p. 16]
And this chilling comment from Stephen Walker of TIS:
" "Most Americans would accept government-imposed key escrow if it was
established by law" and subject to judicial review, said Stephen
Walker, president of Trusted Systems Inc. [sic] and a former NSA
official." ["Congress adds its voice to Clipper debate," George
Leopold, "EE Times," 1994-05-09, p. 16]
related things are happening:
* The Administrations has backed away from the hardware-based,
proprietary Skipjack approach that Clipper and EES represented. Though
Clipper is not yet officialy dead, its brain wave has flatlined.
* The software industry was apparently pressured, based on comments by
various people, including Rep. Maria Cantwell (D-Wash) and Sen. Patty
Murray. The form and timing of this pressure is not public knowledge,
but hints of it keep emerging.
* A software-based key escrow system, involving the new
Walker-Belenson-others algorithm, is the likely basis for this new
"more versatile, less expensive system" that Gore says would be
"implementable in software, firmware, hardware or any combination
thereof..." Practically speaking, this means software, as the hardware
base of machines already out in the world pretty much makes hardware-
or firmware-based deployment very problematic...few people will buy
new hardware, which is what helped to kill Clipper.
* Ostensibly this will be "voluntary," but the "voluntary" part may
only be choice from a Chinese menu of approved and licensed escrow
agents. [This is my interpretation, reading between the line of a
dozen or so articles, articles which quote sources about how "private
industry" will provide escrow agents, how choice will be preserved,
and how the infamous "legitimate needs of law enforcment" will be
* This compromise will likely put software key escrow (SKE, or Carl
Ellison's "GAK"..."Government Access to Keys") into the software for
audio and video teleconferencing, communication, and possibly into the
OS itself (as this would be needed to ensure wide coverage of
installed machines).
* The articles suggest Sen. Leahy, Rep. Cantwell, and many others have
already accepted this compromise. Enabling legislation could come at
any time, and may be closely related to the Digital Telephony Bill,
which has had the same behind-the-scenes negotiating. In closing, I reject the point made by Walker, that Americans will
accept a "government imposed key escrow if it was established by law."
I think this is the real threat on the horizon.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-09 10:52:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: GAK & RSA 
I communicated with Jim Bidzos about this, asking him what he'd heard
about the Karlsruhe/Walker-Belenson proposal--he said he'd gotten no
wind of it, thinking it to be just another academic paper. Later
messages indicated he was taking it more seriously.
As to RSADSI's objections or approvals, I can't say. They are a
_company_, planning to (someday??) turn a profit for their investors
(Note: Alan Alcorn, the inventor of "Pong," invested in them in the
early or mid-80s, and says he's not seen a dime come back, nor has the
company gone public). That is, RSADSI is not run along Cypherpunkesque
lines, but you all knew that.
My understanding is that the Walker-Belenson algorithm is quite strong
as it is. I tried to ftp to ftp.tis.com, and succeeded, but could not
find the Karlruhe paper(s) there, yet. If someone knows where they are
(Carl?) or otherwise gets ahold of them, they might be useful
additions to our own archives. Or a pointer, at least.
I think 95% of the opposition to Clipper came from two sources:
1. General opposition to the principle of "escrowed encryption"
2. Disinterest/opposition to the idea of buying special hardware.
I don't see the "Skipjack is weak" argument as ever having been
persuasive. Hence, I don't see the following as too big a concern:
What scares me is the incorporation of the SKE or GAK into products.
Not that RSA may offer an even stronger system.
It's the principle.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-09 11:19:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Strucured Transactions and Crypto 
The IRS/Treasury/etc. has the term "structuring" to refer to attempts
to circumvent the reporting laws by doing "individually legal"
transactions which are "collectively illegal." For example, getting
around the $10,000 limit (which may have been lowered, I hear) by
doing multiple $9,000 transactions. FinCEN (Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network) is a multi-agency body that looks for things like
Consistent with earlier points about the government not wanting to
make it completely clear what's legal and what's illegal (regulatory
discretion), the laws about structuring are not clear. Suspicion of
structuring seems to be enough for a costly investigation and possible
It'll be interesting to see how crypto transactions are treated. The
possibilities for structuring are exciting to we Cypherpunks, which
means the Feds may act quickly to declare such transactions illegal.
(Connections to key escrow/GAK, illegality of digital cash, legal
hacking, and the huge new NRO complex near the credit card companies
is left as an exercise.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-09 12:38:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Digital Telephony Act 
And don't forget "Teledesic," the 800-satellite (or something huge)
project of Bill Gates and McCaw Cellular. Graham Toal discussed this
recently in a post on software key escrow and Microsoft's possible
involvement in SKE.
Teledesic plans to enter the data/voice market, so any mandate for
wiretapping would impinge on them. (End-to-end encryption, as with
PGP, bypasses this....the great Unresolved Question has always been
how all these proposed schemes will deal with end-to-end encryption,
aka "superencryption.")
Should the Surveillance State not be thwarted (via contributions of
technology from groups like ours), I can imagine all sorts of
draconian laws about encryption, demands that cleartext be produced on
demand, etc. Suspicion of "structuring" communications to evade the
intent of the law may be enough to trigger sanctions.
But this is what we're here to fight. Deploying technology
ubiquitously is more important than writing letters to
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-10 12:22:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: future existence of free remailers? 
I think this was me, or at least I've advocated that many people
become "first class citizens" be being remailers themselves. There are
thus no "sources" or "sinks" of messages...any Federales who pound on
your door can be told "Oh, but I was just _remailing_ that message you
traced to me." This ubiquitousness is why I advocate "Mom and Pop" remailers,
including "Remailer-in-a-box" easy-to-install packages. (Apologies to
the "Internet-in-a-box" folks.)
Whether remailing services are free or not is not for us to
decide--the market will eventually evolve prices, strategies, etc. I
don't mean anything "academic" here, I mean simply that various people
will set their own policies. As long as we don't try to force people
to charge, or not charge, then all of them can compete. Maybe some
free remailers will exist (as many "free" things exist now, including
remailers), and maybe many people will pay a bit extra for
"businesslike" remailers. Who can say?
All as it should be.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-10 18:00:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: future existence of free remailers? 
With nested encryption through the Labyrinth (first the Net, then the
Web, now the Labyrinth?), only the last remailer who remails to a site
that is under observation or is a sting site (common in Memphis) is
And even that last remailer may be able to claim ignorance (and win in
court) if he can show that what he mailed was unreadable to him, i.e.,
encrypted to the recipient. (This is another reason I favor a goal of
"everyone a remailer.")
With canonical remailers, and no logging, earlier remailers should be
By the way, welcome Joichi (your first post to the list, that I can
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-10 18:46:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) I won't be renewing my EFF membership 
Someone commented earlier on the lack of outrage that the EFF has
"sold us out" on the Digital Telephony Bill.
Well, I posted this message to the comp.org.eff.talk news group. Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk
I'm not especially pleased to be saying that I won't be renewing my
membership in the EFF when the time comes, later this year.
The involvement of the EFF in the drafting of the new Digital
Telephony Bill is the proximate case, though I can't say I was ever
too happy with the EFF's position on the National Information
I'm sure the argument is that "things would have been worse" had the
EFF not helped Congress, but I just have never seen the wisdom of
helping your hangman tie a better knot.
Call me a rejectionist if you will. No compromises.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-10 23:35:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: IDEA vs DES 
Actually, the reverse is true. Pentium integer performance (as
measured in SPECints) is somewhat better than 601 PowerPC performance,
MHz for Mhz. Thus, a 66 MHz Pentium has slightly better integer
performance than a 66 MHz PowerPC. Not by much, but slightly. However, 90 MHz Pentium machines are now available in volume, even for
under $2000, while PowerPC is not yet at this level. (Experimental
Pentia running at 150 MHz have been shown..601s running at 120 MHz
have been shown...and both Intel and IBM/Motorola/Apple have newer
designs about to appear--the P6 and the 604.)
Floating point is another story, with the PowerPC 601 significantly
outperforming the Pentium. The exact numbers for all of these
benchmarks are published and republished constantly, so I won't do so
I happen to use Macs exclusively, but I worked for Intel for 12 years
and still own their stock, so make of my comments what you will.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-11 00:38:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Are Remailers Liable for What They Remail? 
(quoting my post)
                               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Note my "may" above...none of this stuff has been tested in court.
(Not even digital signatures have yet been tested.) Common carrier
status--such as Federal Express has--has certainly not been granted to
remailers. It seems plausible to me that most jurors would be sympathetic to a
claim that a remailer was ignorant of what was being remailed. A bunch
of bits is a bunch of bits.
However, the actual crime may be the act of remailing itself. Not now,
but maybe someday. (Speculation: Legislation will be passed that bans
phone and packet remailers as being in contravention of the Digital
Telephony Act. A "know your customers" clause may require ID for each
packet. Lots of scenarios to consider.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-11 19:26:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Reailers: To Log or Not to Log? 
Several easy ways to avoid this:
1. No reason that "N messages in, N + M messages out" can't be a
common occurrence, e.g., dummies. (Messages will in fact get absorbed
by sinks, so dummies/padding/MIRVing is expected anyway.)
(And the values of N and M will have scatter anyway.)
2. Or could delay one of "other" messages, inserting the
locally-generated one. (Pushes the "problem" to next transmission, one
could say, but I doubt it matters.)
3. Circulate dummy messages into one's won remailer, replacing the
dummy with the "real" message. N messages in, N messages out.
4. No reason for the "N in, N out" approach anyway, as a probabalistic
method can be used, with the (dreaded) "random delays" used. (Provided
sufficient reordering occurs, as we've discussed so many times.)
I don't think it's likely that all remailers will have some fixed
policy for the value of N.
This has always been a likely possibility, but not tested in court. Logging is a VERY BAD THING, though I understand why remailer
operators feel compelled at this point to do it. (I don't run any
remailers, so I won't moralize...the point about it being a very bad
thing is in terms of what a "mix" is supposed to be. People should go
out and find Chaum's 1981 CACM paper, which has been referenced so
many times.)
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Forward security, a la certain Diffie-Hellman protocols, is needed. A
true Chaumian mix does this with some security hardware
(tamper-responding modules), and the DC-net approach eliminates even
the need for TRMs.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-11 22:05:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The EFF is no NRA! 
"I know the NRA. I know people in the NRA. And the EFF is no NRA."
Fact: The National Rifle Association took a "we can't compromise on
this" position, and actually allied itself with the Black Caucus to
defeat the Crime Bill.
Fact: The EFF has, on the other hand, "helped" to create the Wiretap
Bill. In comp.sys.eff.talk, critics of the Wiretap Bill like us are
being characterized as taking "a cute absolutist screaming hero
stance." With friends like these, I'm afraid, it's no wonder we're
being sold out and the EFF is doing the selling.
I think Mitch has taken a few too many rides on Air Force One.
No compromises! Cypherpunks have to get a lot more radical. A lot
--Tim, who always thought Janet Reno earned herself death by lethal
injection after ordering the Waco Massacre ("we had to destroy the
children in order to save the children")

@_date: 1994-08-11 23:00:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Is there a more recent text of Digital Telephone bill 
Extensive arguing about this is going on in comp.org.eff.talk.
The EFF has also provided details of "their" bill in these places:
** 1994 final draft, as sponsored **
ftp.eff.org, /pub/EFF/Policy/FBI/digtel94.bill
gopher.eff.org, 1/EFF/Policy/FBI, digtel94.bill
bbs: +1 202 638 6120 (8N1, 300-14400bps), file area: Privacy - Digital
     Telephony; file: digtel94.bil
I checked and the texts are the complete bills, as of the 1994-08-09
introduction in Congress.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-12 10:40:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why Cash is So Important (was: National Health Care) 
The simplest solution is *cash*. It's worth taking a minute to see why
cash is so important in this context, and why accounting-based systems
that compile records are inherently insecure.
The beauty of a cash transaction, throughout history, is *immediate
settelement*. Parties have to examine a deal, look for flaws, and then
make a judgement about whether to complete the deal. Once completed,
it's hard to change one's mind, go back on the deal, complain, etc.
This enforces a kind of due diligence. Cash on the barrelhead, as they
Non-cash systems are of course sometimes desirable: credit cards,
insurance schemes, contractual relationships, leases, etc. All kinds
of variants.
However, these contractual relationships involved *time extent*, that
is, they are not settled immediately, on the spot. This has many
potentially negative effects:
- confusion of time...people evolve different expectations of a
contract, causing disputes
- people often fail to do the due diligence of a cash transaction (for
example, the very same people who are good at haggling at a flea
market, and understand "caveat emptor" implicitly, will bitch and
moan and complain about contracts...seeking more, changes,
adjustments, etc.--an interesting contrast).
- temporal extent implies record-keeping, such as insurance records,
hospital visits, etc. This is automatically a potential privacy
(And when the contract is more than just patient-doctor, but involves
other payers, the records-keeping mushrooms. When the government is
the ultimate payer, through mandatory plans, they'll have the records.
No amount of crypto can possibly change that.)
- efficiency. Parties in cash transactions get what they paid for,
else they wouldn't have made the transaction.
- fraud. While cash transactions can have fraud (con jobs, fake
merchandise, etc.), the opportunities for fraud increase dramatically
with non-cash systems. When others are paying, such as for health
care, the temptation to participate in frauds is higher. (When a patient pays cash, no problem. When a central service is used,
opportunities for fraud increase. Doctors with ghost patients,
kickbacks, etc. Any central-payment system must then have records and
investigations at that central point. Hence, a central bureaucracy.
Hence, a loss of privacy at that level.)
And so on. My point is mostly that cash has certain elegant properties
which are lost when replaced with a central accounting scheme.
"Locality of reference" is the computer-related equivalent.
Why should this matter to Cypherpunks, if you've read this far? (By
the way, yes, Hal, I *did* read to your "Has anyone read this far?"
question a few days ago.)
Systems which preserve this cash/locality of reference feature, such
as digital cash, digital postage, and the "Digital Silk Road" proposal
of Hardy and Tribble, have likely advantages over centralized,
record-oriented systems.
You all know that digital cash is important. This is why the National
Health Care Plan is a bad idea, will destroy privacy, and basically
can't be fixed by band-aids that allegedly protect patient records.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-12 11:03:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Fortress Crypto" (was: Suggested Book) 
These are related. Law enforcement is already referring to unbreakable
crypto as "fortress crypto" and is trying to scare the public into
banning strong crypto by invoking the Four Horsemen of the
Infocalypse: terrorism, pedophilia, money laundering, and drug
The comments of Donn Parker along these lines are especially chilling.
Indeed, this is what has excited me for so long about strong crypto. I
certainly knew about the public-key work, and I met Diffie and Hellman
many years ago. But it was not until late 1987-early 1988 that I put
it all together and realized what all this stuff meant for personal
liberty and the eventual undermining of states. "Crypto anarchy" was
born in the spring of 1988. (As I've said before, I approached David
Chaum at the 1988 Crypto Conference in Santa Barbara and told him
about my ideas on remailer networks, on how a "Labyrinth" of anonymous
remailers could ensure electronic mail transmission that was not
traceable and not regulatable, that cyberspatial economies could then
evolve, independent of states. Chaum looked at me, nodded with
bemusement, and pointed out that his 1981 paper had anticipated and
examined these points! I was both pleased and chagrinned. Pleased that
I had duplicated Chaum's "mix" idea, though not in the same
cryptographic detail Chaum used, and chagrinned that it was not my
I'd forgotten this point...it's been 22 years since I read "Shield."
Have to find a copy and read it again.
Yes, crypto technology makes for the equivalent of Anderson's
"shields," of Vernor Vinge's "bobbles." (in "Peace War" and "Marooned
in Realtime") More energy needed to penetrate these crypto bobbles
than exists in the universe.
[This is the point where believers in reversible computation usually
step in and explain that reversible nanocomputers--or the legendary
"quantum computers"--can overcome this energy limit. I remaine
skeptical, but if they've read this far and wish to comment, go right
The important point is that crypto technology offers a *technological
means* to ensure personal liberty and a lessening of collectivist
power, much as the *technology* of printing nuked the power of
medieval guilds and ushered in the modern information age.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-12 11:24:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Profiting from the Wiretap Bill 
Nor from me. They've sold out. The NRA took a "no compromises" stance,
and just helped to defeat the terrible Crime Bill. EFF has learned yet
that you can't compromise with the Beast...it's always hungry.
But this is not my point here. Rather, I have somde idea on using the
"government will pay for retrofitting" clause to make the whole thing
into a charade. The idea is to build systems which clearly fall under the provisions
of the EFF's Wiretap Bill, but which are designed so as to require a
special gadget to make them tappable....a gadget only for sale from
May Enterprises, or Frissell Incorporated or Toal Ltd. And for a "very
reasonable" price of only, say, $250,000.
If the Feds refuse to pay, or demand a lower price for the gadget, all
sorts of repercussions will follow. I'm only partly joking here, as I think the "$500 million" (or was it
billion?) set aside--supposedly--to pay for upgrades to make systems
easily wiretappable will vanish into hundreds of scams like this. The
scams will be better disguised than mine, but the effect will be the
Here's a piece I wrote for comp.org.eff.talk on this plan:
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk
So the Feds will pay us to make our switching systems wire-tappable?
Well, the switching system I'm now using in un-tappable unless a
special gadget is added, a gadget only available from May Enterprises,
my other company, for a mere $250,000 in quantities of one.
If the Wiretap Bill becomes law, and they want my switch made
tappable, and they'll pay to make it tappable, I'll be very happy to
"order" one of these special gadgets from May Enterprises.
(Of course, then I'll shut down the tappable system and build another
It's pretty clear that this idea about the Feds _paying for_ the wire
tap upgrades (Fedgrades?) just won't fly. They may pay for their
favored suppliers, the MCIs and AT&Ts, but not for folks like us.
And as others have noted, we'll be building alternatives that make the
Wiretap Bill pointless. (More than a year ago we ran a DES-encrypted
conference linkup between Cypherpunks meetings in Silicon Valley,
Boston, and Washington...all over the Internet! VoicePGP is coming,
fast. What will the Feds do with schemes like these?)
(If they claim our encrypted link has to be made tappable, there's
that special $250,000 gadget I was telling you about....)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-12 11:44:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Mail-Future Free Remailers 
"Gone to Roaton," eh?
A nicely Cypherpunkish ring to that phrase, reminiscent of the cryptic
"Gone to Croatan" message that was all that was left of the vanished
first English colony in the New World.

@_date: 1994-08-12 12:56:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Wiretap Bill is just the beginning... 
An interesting message from Brock Meeks, citing FBI Director Louis
Freeh's admission that the government may not be content with the
Wiretap Bill as written. We all knew this.
I hope the collaborators at EFF wake up.
Newsgroups: alt.activism.d,alt.politics.datahighway,alt.privacy,alt.society.resistance,comp.org.eff.talk
Organization: UTexas Mail-to-News Gateway
Lines: 23
Sender: nobody at cs.utexas.edu
Distribution: inet
NNTP-Posting-Host: news.cs.utexas.edu
During hearings on this bill yesterday (thurs.), FBI Director Freeh was asked if, at some point, he thought that the FBI would try to extend the coverage of this bill because, as Freeh admitted, "some criminals aren't going to be caught" because they will use communications systems not covered under this bill
Freeh said "it's possible" that the FBI would seek an expanded scope.  It's clear the FBI isn't thinking of this bill as an end point, it's just the start for them.
Brock Meeks
CyberWire Dispatch

@_date: 1994-08-13 13:32:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why Cash is So Important 
I wasn't arguing that insurance companies would take anonymous
customers, per se, though I suspect a privacy-preserving system could
in fact be designed. In systems where a customer and insurance
provider work out a mutually-beneficia contract, and where there is no
requirement to forward records to the government, then privacy is
mostly maintained.
The concern many of us have is with systems in which governments
demand to be "silent partners" in all contractual relationships.
I'm not insured. Most health-care costs are payable directly...unless
and until the U.S. gets a socialist health care system, in which case
I'll still be uninsured (I'm not employed, I'm not indigent, so I
won't be covered by any of the current proposals, as I understand it).
I'm not going to digress further into insurance issues, except to say
that insurance has had the bad effect of decoupling payments and
services, a la the well-known "tragedy of the commons." People pay for
insurance, or their companies do, and then they try to demand the
largest number of services...it's game-theoretically advantageous for
them to do so. Hence the $2000 almost-obligatory CAT scan upon
entering a hospital in the U.S. (fed also by the malpractice
racket--doctors order these $2000 CAT scans to cover their asses
against lawsuits and because they get legal kickbacks for these
Life expectancy, in the U.S. at least, has remained at roughly 72-74
years for the past couple of decades, so this huge health care
industry has had little real effect on our chances of living longer.
For the rare person who is in fact saved by this expensive system, it
is "worth it," of course. But the aggregate benefits tell a different
The relevance to Cypherpunks? I don't know, but it's partly connected
to issues of whether centralized systems and record-keeping are a good
I actually see no reason why we as potential patients should not carry
around our medical records ourselves. Perhaps in a smart card...the
technology has existed for years. Or in a "medical bracelet" which
either directly contains local storage (flash memory, for example) or
contains a pointer to a file on the Net--and access information, if
encrypted, as it should be--which contains relevant medical
information and perhaps even financial payment instructions.
Selective disclosure of credentials, a la Chaum, should apply quite
naturally to medical care. A dossier society is not needed.
(I don't demand that others use such a system, only that I and my
medical contractor not be required to use someone else's idea of a
system. Seems fair to me.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-14 01:13:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Bruce Schnier Posting.... 
Bruce Schneier was on the Cypherpunks list for a while.
Ditto for other people "known to us," left as an exercise for the
diligent to spot.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-14 23:25:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tommy Tag Lines 
Ben, ix-nay on the omb-bay talk! I asked you not to discuss these
things on open channels. (But, yes, I did just hear about the BND's
seizure of the shipment...our Polish friends are getting sloppy.)
On the "Tommy the Tourist" tag lines. To use a netticism, "."
The modern Net and the modern NSA will not be fooled for any
significant amount of time by such naughty words. In fact, I'm sure
they now have a set of filters for ignoring such blatant bait.
As all readers of Ludlum, Deighton, and Forsythe know, messages would
be phrased as things like "Order received, bill to follow," if not in
even more obscure code or enciphered. (Enciphering arouses suspicion,
of course, so codes are more likely.)
--My name is May, _Tim_ May

@_date: 1994-08-15 10:26:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CARE -- Crypto Abuse Resistance Education 
"My Daddy types strange things on his computer, and, like, I've heard
him talk about PGP."
"Thank you, Pavel, for reporting this. The Computer Authority is very
concerned about such unauthorized uses of computers. That's why we
have the CARE program in all 5th and 6th grade classes. Now, wait in
the Principal's office for the nice lady from Child Protective
Services to pick you up for your nice vacation."
--Klaus! von Future Prime
"Hey, it could happen!"

@_date: 1994-08-15 19:17:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: RemailNet 
Yeah, and I got a recent report that "Long Lines" and other microwave
tower lines were deliberately routed so as to cross over Indian
Reservation lands in several places. Why? Allegedly because Indian
lands are legally treated as "sovereign nations" and the (purported)
rules against NSA listening could be ignored.
And of course we've all read Bamford's account of the UK-USA
Agreement, in which the UK spies on us and we spy on them, and all the
legal niceties are thus met.
Someday, when many people act as remailers, it won't matter as much.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-15 19:32:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Difficulties of Doing Digital Cash Casually 
I would encourage people *not* to do "Yet Another Digicash
We've had several, and the problems of digital cash lie in the
*launch* of viable, robust systems, not in casual,
doomed-to-not-be-successful efforts. (Pr0duct Cypher's "Magic Money"
system was considerably better programmed than most such experiments,
and yet nobody would bother to try to use it. A less here.)
I don't mean to sound harsh to Zipper, but I surmise from his comments
here that he has only vague ideas how Chaum's system works, which
makes his plan to experiment with a digital cash system...well, I
wonn't try to characterize it.
People need to read *all* of the papers! Absorb them, work through
them, and then make improvements. Recall Stefan Brands' improvements
to Chaum's system (Brands was seeking investors/employment...my hunch
is that a viable digicash system will come out of a combination of
_deep pockets_, a la Visa International, Rupert Murdoch, etc., and
_deep knowledge_, a la the researchers who've worked on digicash for
years. I'm not saying Zipper can't do what they've failed to do...I'm just
dubious. And because every few months, a new bunch of people make
claims that they're going to "do" digital cash; usually they don't get
much further than naming their product, often something cutesy like
the execrable "e$" that someone picked recently. (I'm not a fan of
"e$" for lots of reasons.)
Folks, you can no more just start "moshing around" on digital money
than you can pick up a saw and start doing brain surgery.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-15 19:38:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Nym server? 
Which is why name collision, or nym collision, is not a pressing
problem. Better to decentralize the process to local machines, to the
people who care, than to any kind of Cypherpunks Nym Server.
Wouldn't have happened with real crypto, of course. A point Vernor
cheerfully conceded recently.
"True Nyms" will be the sequel.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-16 11:34:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
In this post I'll:
* agree with Mike Duvos
* respond to Bob Hettinga's comments about my comments
* discuss reasons why digital cash is a tough nut to crack
* compare Cypherpunks to the British Interplanetary Society and the
German and American rocketry enthusiasts of the 1930s
Exactly, which is why digital cash has much promise--but also many
technical and regulatory pitfalls. If there was _ever_ a "don't try
this at home" crypto technology, it is this one.
(A "launch" of digital cash is a whole more involved, I think, than a
launch of credit cards, and it took much planning and deep pockets for
Bank of America to launch BankAmericard in the 60s.)
I won't quote Mike's wonderful scenario about ChemCash...the type of
scenario-planning we need more of.
The current technical state of the art in Chaumian digital cash is
murky, with new papers still coming out, resolving details or raising
new issues. It may be that a stable digital cash system is ready to
go, but I don't know. (The Crypto conference is coming up soon---we'll
hear more from those who attend.)
Digital cash is a lot like those "prize contests" that people game
against, exploit loopholes in, find nonrandomness, etc. Contests which
were _expected_ to have a payout of $1M but actually had $30M worth of
claims. The courts don't look too kindly on contest runners who say
"We goofed...the contest is over."
A "digital run on digital money" would not be a pretty
sight...computers clogging the lines trying to cash out before the
bank shutters its doors.
I'm not saying this'll happen, just that much work is needed. And most
Cypherpunks are in a poor position to do the work. Digital cash isn't
likely to come out of our enthusiastic posts. (Not to sound negative,
but it just isn't. What may come is a cadre of people who gain enough
knowledge to hire themselves out to Chemical Bank or Marc Rich or the
Sultan of Brunei...who knows.)
Which brings me to Bob Hettinga and our conflicts in enthusiasm. I'll
make several points, briefly:
1. Yes, I despise cutesy terms like "e$." I didn't single out Bob for
this, as I'd forgotten who introduced it. We've a string of these
product names: DigiCash, CypherFranques, e-money, e-cash, NetCash,
DigiMarks, etc. All of these are *way premature*, in my opinion.
2. I'm not opposed to Bob's or anyone else's enthusiasm, I just don't
see the real problems to be overcome being overcome by hyping or by
calling conferences of bankers.
3. We've had a couple of experiments already. "HExMarks" was a digital
money scheme, with technical flaws, on the Extropians list, and there
were some comments--by Jeff Garland as I recall--that he was planning
to reintroduce it on a wider scale. And of course there was the "Magic
Money" scheme of Pr0duct Cypher, with efforts of others to use it
(recall the offer by Black Unicorn to redeem Magic Money/Tacky Tokens
for cans of soda?
(By the way, "Magic Money" and "Tacky Tokens" are nothing if not
cutesy, so do I object to their names? No way! The frivolity suggests
that the creators know that these are just early experiments, things
to play around with, early prototypes.) 4. Enthusiasm is a fine thing. But the obstacles are not easy ones.
Several of our leading Cypherpunks spent a year trying to put a
digital bank together...reading the laws and rules on commercial paper
and that sort of stuff, talking to financial people, and working the
math out. They can comment here if they feel so inclined, but I won't
say more now.
And Chaum, the originator of many/most of the ideas, and no mean
cryptologist himself, has spent the past decade putting together his
system. Apparently he's spend at least several million on this.
(And don't forget the patent situation. Anyone entering the digital
cash arena is likely to face the usual challenges.)
In closing, I think digital cash will someday be very important. I
have my own ideas about where and how to first deploy it. If the enthusiastic proponents succeed, wonderful. But I've never been
a believer in the idea that it's all marketing, salesmanship. Bob
Hettinga and others may believe that digital cash is at the point
where what is needed is to persuade some bankers to fund work, through
a series of meetings, conferences, shmoozes, etc. I suspect not.
However, if this is indeed the correct path, at least partly, then Bob
really ought to think about becoming an employee of DigiCash, e.g.,
Marketing Manager.
(I do not mean this tongue-in-cheek, as a put-down. I mean this
seriously, and in a helpful tone. Really. The core technology, such as
it is, resides in Chaum's group, with perhaps some others also having
core knowledge that are not part of Chaum's group...folks like Brands,
Boz, the Pfaltzmanns, etc. If the big hurdle is now _selling_ the
system, and Bob wants to do it, then it's pretty clear that he should
hop on a plane to Amsterdam and spend some time with Chaum and his
staff. This would be much more effective than trying to get us--the
folks on this list--enthusiastic enough to "do something," which ain't
gonna happen, for the various good reasons I've mentioned in this
Deployment of digital cash is not an easy task, any more than a group
of rocket enthusiasts can build non-trivial rockets. However, rocket
enthusiast groups, such as existed in Germany, Britain, and the U.S.
in the 1930s, can provide the staff for actual, real efforts. The
analogies with Cypherpunks are close: many of our members are doing
crypto full-time, others are spreading the tools within their
companies, and some have formed companies to build products. The
Werner von Braun of digital cash may be amongst us.
Well, enough for now. The whole issue of digital cash, what it really
is, why it hasn't happened, and what could allow it to happen, would
take a chapter of a book.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-16 13:12:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Too Much Marketing Hype, Too Many Cutesy Names 
I want to expand on my point about "cutesy" names. Believe me, I am
not just picking on Bob Hettinga when I call "e$" a cutesy (and even
execrable) name.
But marketing hype is the bane of our age.
People start picking company names long before they have anything to
sell. Cleverness in naming is paramount. This is all fed by the
thousands of mazazines, with most writers thinking that every section
of an article has to to be tagged with a pun or clever phrasing. Thus
we are barrraged with crap like "Toll booths on the Information
Highway," * Digital Superhighway. Infobahn. I Way, etc. More coming every day.
Every two-bit journalist wants to express his cleverness. Lots of bad
puns, lots of stupid alliteration.
* DigiCash, NetCash, EBux ("E bucks"..get it?), DigiFranques, E Bills
(rhymes with "T Bills"), e$,  Digidollars, etc.
(About a year or so ago, someone was pushing hard to get "DigiMarks"
accepted, with the abbreviation "DM." The name collision with
Deutschmarks (DM) was apparently intentional. Clever, in a sophomoric
way, but not useful. Similarly, "e$," with its U.S-centric resonances,
is cute, but not very useful. And actually _misleading_, as it
suggests a system tied to the U.S. dollar, when I presume no such
linkage is intended.)
Good and descriptive names are needed. In fact, the crypto community
is probably lacking good names in some areas. "Digital cash" has a
different flavor from "electronic money," which in turn has a
different sense than a less flash description like "Chaum-style
digital money." A lot of the confusion about NetCash not being "real"
digital money, as one example, is over this naming confusion.
So, good names are needed. Names that clearly evoke the underlying
concepts, without misleading hype.
But the "premature productization" that comes from naming things that
don't yet exist with Madison Avenue-inspired names is where I think
the problem lies.
This is paralleled by the proliferation of company names...every
consultant seems to have his own cutesy name. Don't get me wrong:
names are important, and names don't have to be boring and banal. The
issue is really about confusing the _naming_ of something with the
_actual creation_ of items of value.
I don't believe naming = creation, and creation is what interests me.
(Yes, the term "crypto anarchy" was my naming, back in 1988. I thought
it descriptive of the set of ideas, especially the political ideas.
Perhaps I'm guilty, too, of too much hype. In any case, I've avoided
such colonizations of name space in recent years.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-16 19:54:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: # of Real Tim Mays, RTM (r) 
While I'm not participating in the "How many..." scavenger hunt, I do
want to make a correction to Ben Goren's comment:
I think the two kids were nymed "Locke" and "Demosthenes." My copy of
of "Ender's Game" is bured somewhere, so I can't check. But I don't
think Diogenes was one of them.
On the scavenger hunt, my high school chemistry teacher once mentioned
the "death of your father." Turned out she had assumed from an
obituary entitled "Timothy May dies" that perhaps my father had died.
Names are rarely unique. But, then, few of us know any of the other
members of the list except by our electronic identities.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-18 15:49:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
The press release for the NSA/Cray Computer machine said the chips
would be fabbed by National Semiconductor.
Related speculations:
* National is the builder (and possibly the contract operator) of the
on-site wafer fab at Fort Meade. This doesn't imply the chips will be
built on-site; in fact, I would doubt it.
* This machine is very probably the large machine reported in Gunter
Ahrendt's list of supercomputers as going into NSA, and then later
shown as going to the nearby Supercomputing center in Bowie, MD. (As
they are partners in this project, not much doubt.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-18 16:41:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Are \"they\" really the enemy? 
My name invoked again? I haven't been reading the arguments here,
except by skimming to see if anything new or amazing is presented, so
I won't comment.
As to what's appropriate for the list:
- I'm not in charge of the list. - The list didn't even control Detweiler, so it's pretty unlikely to
bar or ban this kind of debate.
- Personally, I think this thread is drifting off into very general
and often rambling debate about government. I'd be a lot more
interested if there were some tie-ins to crypto policy and technology.
But, again, we're not control freaks around here, are we? It's always
easier to simply skip a thread than it is to try to legislate
discussion topics.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-18 23:37:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA spy machine 
With no disrepect meant to Ian (indeed, this is my second reply of the
day to him), I think his point is dead wrong.
The "secret" to general success in this market is not "lots and lots
of money," at least not when "lots and lots" is the tens of millions
of dollars that Cray Computer will apparently being getting from NSA
and the Supercomputer folks in Bowie for the delivery of an ostensible
Cray 4 or whatever it ends up being called (SMPP, etc.).
$10 million is pocket change. Anyone building a company on that chump
change is already preparing Chapter 11 papers.
Here's what "lots and lots of money" *really* is:
- $1 billion to complete a wafer fab in Ireland, finished last February
- $1.3 billion to build a wafer fab in Albuquerque, to be finished
later this year
(said to be the most expensive privately funded building in the world)
- $1.3 billion to build essentially a duplicate of the above
facilities, in Chandler, Arizona...construction to start this year
- $2 billion to build yet another wafer fab, in Hillsboro,
Oregon..construction to start in 1995
Intel is already the world's largest chip comany (in _all_ chips, not
just one particular type). If this series of expansions works out (and
the Ireland plant is churning out Pentiums on 200 mm wafers with very
high yields), then Intel will be nearly twice the size of its nearest
competitor. Intel Corporation, my employer from 1974 to 1986, may not have the
most elegant architecture in the world, but its microprocessor
fabrication facilities are clearly the best in the world. The
economies of scale are amazing to comtemplate. (And I was near the
group in Oregon that tried "elegance"...the iAPX 432 object-oriented
processor. I only hope the new Intel-H-P alliance on VLIW is not
similarly stillborn.)
(And a new generation of hackers are using Linux on cheap Pentium
boxes to easily outrun Suns.)
Is a massively parallel system of Pentiums or 200 SPECInt P6s or 400
SPECInt P7s the "best" way to go? Given the economies of scale, the
familiarity many people just like you will have with the Pentium, it
probably is.
I'm a fan of the Mac, and may soon be buying a PowerMac, but the
PowerPC does not seem to have the same economies of scale. At least,
Motorola is not expanding rapidly enough to keep up. (A hot rumor, to take with some skepticism: a friend of mine told me
tonight that the rumor going around MIPS is that Motorola plans
nothing beyond the 603, that they are fed up with the politics of the
Somerset group (IBM, Motorola, Apple), and that they just don't have
$5 billion laying around to remain competitive with Intel. The rumor
is that they plan to concentrate on telecom, cellular, Iridium, etc.,
and not fight Intel head-on with a come-from-behind architecture.)
So you see why I consider the "lots and lots of money" flowing into
Cray Computer to be spitting into the ocean. I'm not worried.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-19 11:55:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: trusted time stamping 
Stu Haber (who reads this list, sometimes) and Scott Stornetta of
Bellcore developed a system which solves the more important problem of
the time stamper reliability, which I don't think W.D. has addressed.
I've written up a couple of summaries, the last of which got a
favorable reaction from Stu on. So I'll mail it later today, when I
fire up my off-line archives and retrieve it.
The hard part is time stamper reliability, i.e., how does the world
(and the courts) know that the time stamper(s) did not simply reset
his clock and thus fake the times?
Haber and Stornetta came up with two clever ideas:
1. Publish a one-way hash of the text to be stamped in a very public place,
e.g., one's latest bestselling novel or the "New York Times." This is
similar to the crypto methods used by scientists through the ages to
prove ownership. H & S call this a "widely witnessed event," the idea
being that millions of copies of archived issued of the NYT (or the
novel!) would have to be retrieved and reprinted in order to change at
a later date the text. Economically impractical.
2. But it may also be economically impractical for the NYT to print
page after page of such hashes...they may choose not to,
understandably. So H & S developed a "tree"-like way to merge
customer-provided hashes with many other hashes (and earlier hashes,
to, thus adding to the difficulty of faking) and so to only have to
publish a comparatively small number.
These two clevernesses are the crux of time-stamping.
They are trying to build a company to do this; perhaps Stu can update
us on the status.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-19 14:11:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Outlawing the overhearing of conversations 
Regarding the topic of a 15-year prison term for receiving broadcasts
one is not supposed to,
As a libertarian, I disagree that thefts of services are the same as
thefts of tangible objects.
Consider some possible "thefts of services":
- I'm tuning my radio, listening to what is freely available on my
property, and I hear something that helps me in some way. Have I
broken any law, plausibly?
- I find a number which looks to be compressed or encrypted. I fiddle
around with it and manage to decrypt it, and it turns out to be a
useful to me (and possibly harmful to others). What law have I broken,
plausibly? - I'm a 15th-century blacksmith. I use the new technology of printing
to help people learn to do basic home-blacksmithing. The Blacksmith's
Guild claims I have deprived them of business and have violated their
rights. Etc.
The "listening to the radio" and "decrypting a number" are both
similar situations. (I threw in the last point to make a slightly
different point, about the collapse of guilds and the parallels to
what is now happening with corporations.)
If I overhear someone talking in a restaurant, is this criminal? Does
it matter if I learn something of commercial value or not? The common
sense response is that those who don't want to be overheard should
either keep their voices down or speak in a kind of code. Talking
about trade secrets of business deals where conversations can be
overheard, and then claiming "theft of services" is an abuse of the
And impossible to enforce, as the current scanner laws are.
The issue of "spaces" also comes up. Personal, local spaces (such as
houses, offices, etc.) are protectable, and a thief who enters can be
captured, shot, etc. But extending this idea of a personal space to
include things spoken in public places, or broadcast for hundreds of
miles with radio or television transmitters, is a terrible idea.
Let those who speak in a public place--restaurants, the airwaves--but
wish not be understood by outsiders choose a technology which supports
Don't ask me, or other taxpayers, to prosecute those who happen to
hear and understand what was said.
(There are more interesting digressions into privately-produced law,
into haow insurance companies would charge to insure against such
cases, etc.)
I know of very few libertarians who support the idea of criminalizing
the hearing of broadcast messages, let alone who would criminalize
mere possession of certain kinds of radios (scanners).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-19 23:09:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: C.A.N. #94-09 [For Subscribers Only!] 
[Guvf zrffntr vf sbe fhofpevoref bayl! Vs lbh ner abg pheeragyl
fhofpevorq gb gur Pelcgb Nanepuvfg Arjfyrggre _naq_ lbh unir vyyrtnyyl
qrpelcgrq guvf zrffntr, lbh ner ivbyngvba bs Srqreny Pbqr 42-666,
Qvtvgny Gryrcubal Ovyy. Vyyrtny ernqvat bs guvf cbfg rkcbfrf lbh gb
15-lrne cevfba grez naq n $10,000 cre bppheerapr svar. Vafgehpgvbaf ba
jurer gb fraq lbhe purpx sbyybj.]
PELCGB NANEPUVFG ARJFYRGGRE,  1994-08-19
Serrqbz Svtugref Bognvavat Arrqrq Fhccyvrf.
Lncbapuvx vf bssrevat fcbg cevpr bs QZ12.500/tz, Tqnafx envyurnq.
Cnlzrag ivn NzRk Zbarltenz, Nehon NRP. Cevapvcnyf bayl.
Or pnershy gb nibvq erprag A.R.F.G. grnz, neevivat Onfry, 1994-08-20.
Cerffherf zbhagvat va Fgngrf gb "qb fbzrguvat" nobhg erprag fuvczragf.

@_date: 1994-08-20 12:34:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Making new crimes out of thin air 
I agree 100% with Jim Hart's points.
Let me add that I think this topic is very relevant to Cypherpunks, as
it gets to the heart of the matter on what should be legal, illegal,
I didn't respond yesterday to Steve Bellovin's remarks because my
Netcom mail was delayed for many hours at at time (Netcom has 30,000
user accounts now and is facing growing pains out the wazoo).
Last night I posted my "For Subscribers Only" newsletter, to make my
point by example. Anyone who "illegally decrypted" it (and of course a
couple of folks did immediately--a trivial rot-13 "encryption") was,
putatively, "stealing" from me. Hardly.
(To be fair to Steve B., one of his later postings said something
about a "difficulty test," along the lines of the NSA's 40-bit
keylength allowance. I dislike laws that depend on someone's idea of
computational complexity...that would be a new can of worms.)
Such laws about "illegal to decrypt" are also essentially
unenforceable, besides being on shaky ideological/ethical ground. Any
such laws would likely be extended to require certain kinds of
encryption, to place limits on crypto, etc. (I see signs in the text
of the Digital Telephony Bill of application to crypto.)
If a number comes my way, I don't want no steenking data cops telling
me I can't look it, manipulate it, etc.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-21 20:54:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: e$: buyinfo, internet commerce, and GMU 
Brad Cox at GMU is one of the "superdistribution" advocates. In
addition to his article in the latest "Wired," he's had pieces in
"Byte" and elsewhere. The big article on Cypherpunks that Kevin Kelley
wrote for "Whole Earth Review," Summer 1993, has a large section on
superdistribution, the work of Peter Sprague, etc. (This Kelley
article is now a chapter in his excellent "Out of Control" book,
recently published.)
Cox was on the Extropians list for a while, at the same time I was,
and we debated crypto, digital money, resuable objects, etc. I won't
try to rehash what we talked about. I believe I was the one who
suggested he link up with "Center for the Study of Market Processes"
people, as he had just arrived at GMU around the time we were talking
on the Extropians list, in the fall of 1992. (Cox was a partner with
Tom Love in Productivity Products International, and the developer of
Objective C in the early to mid-1980s. Objective C is of course the
rival to C++ (which has doomed it) and is what NeXT uses. Cox is also
the coiner of the "software IC" term.)
And the Cypherpunks list has other connections to GMU. Mark Miller
worked with the GMU market folks (along with other friends of mine,
including the late Phil Salin, Chip Morningstar, and Eric Drexler);
Mark has attended several Cypherpunks physical meetings, but does not
subscribe to this list. Dean Tribble and Norm Hardy are also involved,
in a swirl of projects under various names: Agorics Project (with some
links to GMU), the Joule programming language, Digital Silk Road,
etc. They have actual, real contracts with various clients.
So, the GMU folks are variously tied-in. Cox has his own views, and
does not seem to be willing to explore the implications of Chaumian
digital cash (my impression from talking to folks who know him....we
haven't talked since he left the Extropians list, some months before I
Being a skeptic, as many of you know, I am not too interested in the
half-assed "IMP-Interest" or whatever talkathons. A friend of mine is
now telling me that I "need to join" some "EDI"-related list, which is
now talking about digital cash. And Bob tells us about Yet Another
Digicash Crypto Cash (yacc) discussion group. Too much yammering. It's all I can do to read the Cypherpunks list,
which at least seems to have a fair number of good folks on it. These
several other lists and groups seem to form, talk up a storm for a
while, and then fizzle. At least we keep on going strong.
--Tim May
(P.S. Last night I was at Yet Another Bay Area Party (yabap) and had a
good chat with Whit Diffie, Bruce Schneier, Russell Brand, Mike Perry,
and others. Some interesting rumors about the NSA pressure on RSADSI,
the motivations for the Cylink lawsuit against RSADSI, etc. I'm gonna
miss these parties when I move to the Caribbean!)

@_date: 1994-08-21 22:47:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Achieving Privacy while Enabling Marketing 
Undelivered Message: Unauthorized Advertising Attempt.
The Citizen-Unit known as Timothy C. May attempted to post an article
on the subject of this thread. Permission was denied, under the
Uniform Advertising Act of 1996. All messages sent over the National
Information Infrastructure must comply with the relevant authorization
regulations and advertising fee schedules.
Anything else would be anarchy.
By Order of the Advertising Czar,
Klaus! von Future Prime Number

@_date: 1994-08-21 23:08:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Snore...Re: e$: buyinfo, internet commerce, and GMU 
Jason (and others),
I cited some references in my long post a few hours ago: the "Wired"
article, the "Out of Control" book, "Byte," "Dr. Dobbs" (I think),
etc. A search of Current Contents and Reader's Guide to Periodical
Literature would reveal articles. Anyone working on these issues should dig up all of these articles and
spend the time necessary to read them carefully. Failing that, to make
an effort to at least know the main players. Reading Schneier,
skimming the past volumes of the "Crypto" conferences, and keeping
current with the mainstream magazines and journals (CACM, Sci. Am.,
Computer, Dr. Dobbs, and Byte) should do nicely.
Pat's assessment of Brad Cox's approach--in line with my own
assessment--will not be spelled out in any of these articles,
naturally. How things "ought" to be done is a judgement that comes
from experience, reading the literature, etc.
Whatever the administrative deficiencies Chaum may have in getting
DigiCash actually deployed (another subject, mentioned frequently in
message by various of us), it is clear that he (Chaum) thought long
and hard about "Big Brother" issues and that his method of anonymous,
untraceable digital cash is much to be preferred over the many other
proposals for digital payments, metered usage, etc.
To tell the truth, I'm losing faith that people will take the time to
educate themselves to the point where they can be taken seriously.
Too many of the "proposals" here show obvious signs that people aren't
"getting" the core ideas. I urge that people take a Saturday and spend
it at a fairly large university technical library, hanging out in the
crypto section and Xeroxing some articles. Otherwise, too much idle
And yes, I'm trying to finish a FAQ. It's over 500K and will have to
split into multiple pieces, for ftp access from my site. The remaining
problem is that many points are in outline form, which is my preferred
writing tool for things that require thinking about reasons,
arguments, rebuttals, tangential points, etc.
I don't think the lack of a FAQ has much to do with the stuff I'm
complaining about here, as no FAQ can substitute for the deep exposure
I'm talking about here. And maybe most people will skip my FAQ, just
as they skip FAQs in most groups. On a positive note: Hal Finney's introduction to the work of Brands
was excellent. I urge anyone interested in "digital money," beyond the
level of writing rants about how "we" need to "do something," to read
Hal's article, dig up the stuff Brands sent out about a year or so
ago, and find his articles.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-22 18:25:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Creating privacy crises: Society hacking 
And clearly a violation of the Digital Stalking provisions of the Crime
Bill. Do you know that by merely saving a copy of this message and later
cross-correlating it with other messages, I am in violation of the
Digital Stalking laws?
(Actually, so far as I know, there is not (yet) such a provision. But
there could be. Scary.)

@_date: 1994-08-22 20:13:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Don't let me stop you, Bob!
My main objection is not to anyone going ahead and trying something
(why should I object to that?), but to two themes which often seem to
go together:
1. Proselytizing for some kind of group project. Exhorting others to
"do something!"
2. An underestimation of the task ahead. A failure to absorb the work
already done, and a failure to see the work still needed. An
assumption that the task at hand is the _selling_ of digital cash as a
Now if Bob or anyone else can pull of digital cash, can convince some
bank to do a fairly major launch, fine. He or they will be famous.
I adopted this "politely skeptical" stance a year or so ago when I
hear about the efforts by Hughes, Abraham, Sandfort, and Frissell to
do some version of a digital bank. Ditto for the Austin group's plans
to do a new type of credit union.
This list has seen many proposals for many systems. Most don't go
anywhere, which is hardly surprising, given the lack of funding, the
serious technical, regulatory, and market resistance issues.
Note to All Readers Tired of this Issue: I think this'll be my last
response in a long while on this issue. Those who wish to build
RemailNet (tm), First Internet Bank (tm), Digibux Depository (tm), or
e$ Savings and Loan (tm) should certainly proceed. But statements of
plans, or exhortations that Cypherpunks should all pull together on
one of these plans, are less impressive to me--and I suspect to
others--than some tangible progress such as we saw with remailers,
with PGP, with message pools, and with thoughtful articles on the
important protcols (such as we saw tonight with Hal's posting on the
Stefan Brands scheme).
I don't think any of us on this list is yet ready to present a plan to
real bankers. Eric Hughes has told me he agrees. I don't know what Hal
or the others think, but the issues surrounding digital cash are
still sufficiently murky at this point to make a plan to deploy
digital cash premature. I see several ways around this:
1. The research groups centered around Chaum, with other CWI folks
like Brands having other approaches, will be likely centers of
expertise. Not surprising. Of relevance because this is where the
impetus will be concentrated.
2. I can imagine a financial entity (bank, brokerage, etc.) having a
working group looking into this. As a research project, as a way of
keeping current on something important.
3. Digital cash may come out of left field, sort of analogous to the
way hypertext is arriving unexpectedly from the Mosaic/Web
developments (done by a small group, fairly quickly).
What I can't see is a bunch of us going to a bank and "shmoozing" with
them and then having them see the light. Maybe Bob sees things
differently. Maybe he's right. Who knows.
What I know is that changing the world by exhortation is usually a
hopeless task. Examples work much better. Cypherpunks write code.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-22 21:06:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA spy machine 
Yes, of course I was. My point was that the $5-10 M that NSA will put
into to Crayco to keep it on life support for another couple of years
is chump change compared to the investments being made which actually
_will_ alter the economics of things. (And the Pentium is neither here
nor there in this point.)
My point was that the world is being changed by cheap processors. This
is what will allow VoicePGP to be spread widely, not the fairly slight
performance advantages of R4400s or Alphas.
(There's an interesting thread in the PowerPC and Intel newsgroups
about the performance of a dozen or so machines in running actual
Mathematica code. I'm not trying to start a benchmark debate
here...the point is that PowerMac 8100s were right up near the top, as
were Pentium P90s. The H-P PA machines were the only machines
consistently faster. Alphas often lagged, for various reasons.
Indigos I don't recall the ratings of. The stunner is that machines
people are buying for _home use_ are essentially as fast as the
fastest workstations.)
Crayco has not a sold a single Cray III, which means of course they've
never sold a single machine. Not a single one. Hence the latest
infusion of life support from NSA. (Ian and others of course know
this, but for anyone who is confused: Cray Research and Cray Computer
are two entirely separate companies. Different locales, different
staff. Crayco is developing the Cray III and Cray IV, as we've seen
here. No sales for the Cray III spells dire problems for them.)
I saw the first Cray 2 running during its shake-down cruise at LLL, in
January 1984. As to running boards in Fluorinert, we'd been doing it at Intel since
the late 1970s. We did liquid burn-in of hundreds of chip-filled
boards, at just below the boiling point of the liquid (I think it was
FC-76, but it could've been one of other variants). A lot of people
knew about this, and there was a lot of discussion that I can recall
personally about cooling computers with direct flow Fluorinert. (The guy who showed my the Cray 2, Howard Davidson, was already
working on a system involving water at high speeds coursing through
silicon microchannels. Flourinert was rejected as not having enough
kW/cm^2 heat transfer properties.)
I'm not knocking Cray's designs, nor his packaging. Just clarifying
things as I understand them.
I expect to see both Crays eventually go the way of Thinking Machines
and other largely-captive suppliers to the national security
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-22 21:25:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
I disagree with this. Anonymity is what gives digital cash it's raison
d'etre, it's technological advantages over conventional schemes.
If anonymity, untraceability, and other "Chaumian" notions are only
seen as peripheral side effects, then we already _have_ "digital cash"
in the encrypted credit card systems some folks are already offering.
Without the technological approach to untraceability and anonymity,
all we have is the usual "trust". Granted, credit card numbers ought
not to be sent over unsecured channels, but fixing that is easy (with
end-to-end encryption). Trust-based systems are not the foundation for
a free society most of us are seeking.
"Digidollar" was one of the many names coined by folks on this list,
along with Cypherbucks, Digimarks, etc.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-22 21:45:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA spy machine 
In my last post, I forgot to mention that Cray Computer Company
actually *did* and *does* fabricate its own chips! They committed to
GaAs from a supplier and then bought the supplier when it faltered.
My recollection is that it was Gigabit Logic, but it _might_ have been
the "other" GaAs supplier, whose name escapes me this minute.
I'm not claiming this as the proximate cause of Crayco's current
problems. But I do think committing to GaAs *was* a factor, and this
relates to the levels of integration in CMOS and BiCMOS versus the
levels currently obtainable in GaAs.
A huge fraction of Crayco's spending went into the advanced robotic
wirebonding and packaging of thousands of GaAs chips. IBM spent vast
fortunes on its advanced packaging/cooling systems, while Intel and
other chip companies concentrated on CMOS VLSI, with much lower
overall packaging and cooling costs for the same performance.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-22 23:11:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Jason is confusing markets and governments.
A movie theater that sells tickets is not "taxing" its patrons--it is
selling access. A university that charges tuition is not "taxing" its
(I will grant, and always have, that various businesses and
universities and whatnot have various links to government:
franchises, special enabling regulations, subsidies, etc. These
complicate the issue, and make for what economists used to call
"mixed" markets. Libertarians and others decry these mix-ins. But I
don't take this to be the point Jason was making.)
To call all negotiated prices "taxes" is, bluntly,
absurd. It also cheapens the language by throwing away the essential
distinction between market prices and taxes.
In any case, something is a "market price" if one can walk away from
the transaction. I know of almost nothing the U.S. government calls a
"tax" that taxpayers are free to walk away from, to not pay (and thus
not receive the service).
If Jason is arguing that goods and services will be bought and paid
for in cyberspace, who could disagree with this? They're just not
taxes. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-23 01:26:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Creating privacy crises: Society hacking 
(Sorry for just responding now....Netcom is grossly overloaded and is
rejecting mail, causing half-day or more delays in mail getting through.)
My expectation is that, true to form, such a move would result in the
outlawing of the possession of this information by "unauthorized"
persons or groups. Authorized persons and groups, including all the
usual suspects, would of course then have even more freedom and less
scrutiny. The standard Band-Aid.
In any case, it doesn't tackle the real problem, which is that
transactions are not as "local" as they once were. These days,
permissions have to be gotten, SS numbers provided, health records
blipped back and forth over the I-way, etc. Any systems which require
more and more dossiers to be kept and cross-linked will erode liberty
and strengthen the power of governments.
Scaring the Congressrodents into making the U.S. have the equivalent
of the Data Privacy laws of the Europeans is *not* a victory.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-23 10:54:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
(after a long absence from the list?--welcome back)
When we needed sources of alpha particles, we cracked open smoke
detectors and took out the Americium sources.
Later, we found a supplier of "anti-static" modules, for use in air
guns used to clean wafers, each containing 10 milliCuries (!!) of
Po-210. We called this our "Kong source."
Nothing to do with crypto, except that the alphas scrambled data in
our chips.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-23 12:00:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
Mike McNally asks:
I don't "need" any these days. My reference to "when we needed" was to
the 1977-1982 period, at Intel. And, yes, we had cut and polishes "hot
rocks," including uraninite, thorianite, and various pure U-238
sheets. But the "Kong source" (10 mCi of Po-210) sprayed out vastly more
alphas per square centimeter at the target than the "natural" sources
here. We used sources at a wide range of activities to measure device
sensitivitie3s to alpha particles.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-23 17:48:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Zimmermann/NSA debate postponed 
Huh? Phil almost _never_ signs his messages, and has talked about how
difficult it is to go through the rigamarole of signing,
authenticating, etc.
(I sympathize with him, and I intensely dislike getting PGP-encrypted
messages, decrypting them, only to find a banal message that wasn't
worth the effort.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-23 21:41:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Zimmermann/NSA debate postponed 
I don't think this is the case. Most PRZ messages I've seen have been
unsigned; only the recent ones on the PGP 2.6 business have been signed.
I use MacPGP on my home Mac...I don't trust Netcom or any other system
outside my direct control for this. I figure if it's worth signing,
it's worth signing with a secure key, not just a "casual grade" key
(this is the term used by Jay P.P. and others for crypto on unsecured
machines...this involves having more than one public key, etc.).
(This is the main answer to Ed Carp's suggestion about PGP in elm.)
See above. I'm not interested in the various elm and emacs PGP
packages. Any sysop can not only obtain your secret key, stored on his
system, but he can also capture your passphrase as you feed it to the
PGP program (assuming you do...many people automate this part as
Since this sysop or one of his cronies can then compromise your mail,
sign messages and contract as "you," I consider this totally
unacceptable. Others apparently don't.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-23 23:46:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Using PGP on Insecure Machines 
Precisely! In fact, I think I cited the Linux phenomenon just a day or
so ago...(in a mention of cheap Pentium boxes). When many more
locally-controlled boxes are on the Net, conveniently, then things
should start to really get going.
Until the "Internet-in-a-box" or TIA-type products are more
widespread, many people will be connecting home or office machines to
other systems they don't control. (To put this in sharper focus: do
you want your electronic money being run out of an account that your
sysop and his friends can monitor? Not hardly. "Electronic purses,"
which may be smart cards, Newton-like PDAs, or dongle-like rings or
pendants, are clearly needed. Another entire discussion.)
Too many people are kidding themselves that their messages are secure.
That their electronic identities cannot be spoofed. Debate about
whether PGP needs 4096-bit keylengths is absurdly moot if PGP is being
run on a university or corporate computer outside the direct control
of the user!
Some folks who use PGP on such machines at least take steps to better
secure things....Perry Metzger, for example, once described the
multi-stage process he went through each day to reload his key
material in a way he felt was quasi-safe. Yes, some of you PGP fans may say "Sigh!" when you hear that I don't
particularly like downloading-and-then-decrypting a message only to
find it saying, "Gee, Tim, isn't this PGP stuff really neat?" Too bad.
Not only do many of us not do all this stuff (have you seen Eric
Hughes signing his messages? How about John Gilmore?), but some people
have decided to stop reading e-mail altogether. Donald Knuth, for
example. A wise man.
I'm happy that you PGP fans are thoroughly infatuated with using PGP
for everything. Just knock off the clucking and sighing about those
who don't see it as the end-all and be-all of today's communications.
It reeks of fanaticism.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-24 01:01:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: An asshole using PGP 
I just received a PGP-encryptd message from Douglas Floyd, just after
explaining carefully the work that's needed to decrypt PGP messages.
I dutifully clipped the article, moved the text into my text editor,
fired up MacPGP, entered my key, etc.
The message was banal, and is included below:
---begin his message---
What's wrong with putting your private key on a UNIX box?
(Obviously, I AM root on the boxes I have the key on, and the boxes
are firewalled to boot.)
---end his message---
There was no need for this to be PGPed, no need even to ask it,
period, as I had already made the point about the dangers being for
boxes one is *not* root on, etc.
I conclude from this that Douglas Floyd is just an asshole. One I
don't plan to ever respond to again.
Only a prick would make a point to send me a PGP message, encrypted to
my published key, only to make such a point.
For some reason the number of fools and lightweights around here has
jumped dramatically in recent months.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-24 01:37:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: PGP use 
There are several such tools. Tools for editors, for mailers, tools
What is being missed here is the issue of where the PGP operations are
being done. If done on a machine outside the direct control of the
user, obvious security holes exist.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-24 11:29:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Using PGP on Insecure Machines 
We did a survey of this nearly 2 years ago, at the second Cypherpunks
meeting. Got about 10 main mail programs being used, about the same
number of editors, and about as many platforms.
I think this is a great idea. I suggest we toss around a few questions, to make the poll as useful
as possible (and so it doesn't have to be done a second time to fill
in missing gaps). Here are a few questions I'd like to see (with *my*
answers included to help show context):
* Internet service provider: Netcom, SunOS Release 4.1.3
* Accessed via: Macintosh IIci, running VT100 emulator, White Knight 11.14
* Online mail program used (if any): elm
* Online text editor used: emacs
* Offline mail program used (if any): Eudora 2.0.2
* Offline text editor used: Eudora, Microsoft Word, etc. (any Mac program)
* PGP version used: MacPGP 2.3
In the poll of two years ago, this was abbreviated into a message
"Netcom/elm-Eudora/emacs/MacPGP 2.3"
for easier processing. And the poll taker could simply list all the
one-line responses so as to give developers/readers a better feel for
the environments being used, a la:
"Netcom/elm/emacs/PGP 2.6ui"
"CRL/emacs/emacs/PGP 2.7"
"Linux/xmail/pine/PGP 2.3"
"AOL/??/??/not allowed"
Here I differ, as I don't think we can plausibly do a poll of what
"J.Q. Consumer" is using, or plans to use. That's a huge job, fraught
with polling problems. And J.Q. Consumer himself has no idea of what
he "will be using," so why bother?
I had assumed the poll was of *us*, which is both a manageable poll to
take, and a useful one.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-24 18:55:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Actually using strong crypto on a routine basis. 
A mere "PLONK* is not sufficient for this sort of crap.
Disgusted, --Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-24 18:56:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Actually using strong crypto on a routine basis. 
This latest round of insults from you cretins is having the benefit of
cutting down the messages I read.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-26 00:26:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Fast modular exponentiation 
I want to tie this in to that other hot Cypherpunks topic: Pretty Good
Even though the topic is nearly depleted, and the sabots have jammed
the list machine pretty thoroughly, how much faster would a fast
modular exponentiation go if the inner loops were encased in a layer
of deleted unobtainium?
--Klaus! von Future Prime

@_date: 1994-08-26 10:33:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
So the purist stance is untenable? Less than 2 years ago I was a
homeless person, living on the banks of the San Lorenzo River. Then I
met a person named "Timothy C. May." He wasn't interested in being on
the Net anymore--he said it took too much of his time--so he game me
his account, his password (which I've since changed, of course), and
said "Have fun." The purist stance is much more common than many might think. There are plenty of items of property that can be stolen, and are
stolen. And yet these items continue to exist, be sold, traded, etc.
If someone is really, really worried about havin their codes stolen,
they can arrange to use codes only usable in their banker's office
(not altogether a bad idea, by the way), or with a duress code
built-in, etc. Or none at all. Choice, and costs.
In any case, the free markets will have a major effect. With strong
crypto, the communications transparently cross borders, making legal
moves problematic.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-26 18:38:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Online cash, Internet, Pizza Hut 
I happen to be in exactly the right location, the Santa Cruz area,
from whence this idea originates, but I have no interest in such
I say gimmickry because it is just using Mosaic ("home pizza pages," I
guess) to place the order, just as with a cellphone, a fax machine,
whatever. Payment is *not* made over the Net.
Ho hum. Sadly, it is already being dubbed "the first case of true
Internet commerce." Yeah, like the Coke machines on the Net so many
years ago were examples of Internet commerce.
Pure hype. Madison Avenue nonsense. Good for our tabloid generation.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-26 20:56:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Online cash, Internet, Pizza Hut 
Go to it, then. I'm not jaded, just well-aware that most of what is
now floating around the suddenly-trendy idea of the Digital
Superduperway is little more than hype.
Misplaced zeal, confusing tangential developments with real progress.
Much like libertarians assuming the space program is something they
should somehow be working on.
Pizza Hut is merely taking orders a slightly different way. Nothing
more, and nothing to build on. In fact, working with them would of
course slow down real efforts, as one got stuck in the cheesy workings
of an encrusted bureaucracy.
But don't let me discourage any others from putting on a chef's hat,
slicing up some pepperoni, and helping them get "on-line."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-28 12:53:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: PGP fanatacism 
Anonymous flames are one thing, but incorrectly characterizing points of
view is another.
I and other Cypherpunks clearly use PGP at times. I just don't like having
to jump throught the hoops of downloading my mail to my home machine and
then decrypting it....I do most of my casual mail reading in "elm," on
Netcom, as I am online for several hours a day, and downloading is an
interruption. (There's also the issue of "on-line" or immediate clearing
vs. "off-line" or delayed clearing....I see an encrypted message to me
while I'm reading my mail in elm....I have two main choices: log-off, fire
up Eudora, download my mail, decrypt the PGP message, or, defer the reading
until the next time I download my accumulated mail. I often forget about
PGP-encrypted mail until I happen to see it again, which may be never.)
"All crypto is economics." And too often the effort of reading encrypted
messages turns out to be not warranted.
My ire at John Young came from his apparently malicious "tweak" at me in
which he sent me PGP-encrypted mail immediately after my post explaining
why PGP-encrypted mail takes me longer to read. That his message was
utterly banal and was not worth decrypting was the proximate cause of my
anger. (He claims it was an "accident." Maybe. But seeing that it was the
first PGP message to me ever, and it came shortly after my comments, and
was banal, I have to conclude he thought he was jabbing me in some way,
making some meta-point.)
Many Cypherpunks are running shell scripts and the like to make running PGP
easier. Mostly on machines outside their control, where the secret key and
the passphrase can be captured any number of ways (as others have also
explained). This is illusory security. OK for playing around, but to
lecture people like me that we should not be bothering with using PGP only
on our secure machines is folly.
PGP and mail both have a long way to go. In the meantime, I prefer to
concentrate on the things I do pretty well, like writing and thinking. I'm
not a Unix jock like many of you college students or C programmers, and I
like it that way. To each their own. I don't have a Unix box at home, only
a Unix account on Netcom's machines (and this is a 14.4 dial-up account,
not a SLIP or PPP connection). That's life.
Anonymity is OK, but I encourage critics to come out from behind their wall
of anonymity and give their actual names, or at least use a
digitally-signed pseudonym, so we can know we're talking to the same
(I suppose Mr. Nobody will use this to claim that "Cypherpunks are against
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-28 12:53:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Is Off-Line Digital Cash Dead? 
Off-line cash is not dead. I just expressed several reasons why on-line
cash has market advantages (immediate clearing, no repudiation, and thus
greater value in a Gresham's Law sense) and some disadvantages (connection
to clearinghouse).
Which systems will win out, and how, is unclear. As in most
economic/ecologic matters, expect multiple solutions.
But I do think the arguments strongly favor "immediate" clearing, which
means either on-line clearing (Alice confirms that money has moved, albeit
distantly) or pure cash (conventional). Off-line clearing that relies on
trusted observer protocols, and that may allow later repudiation ("that
wasn't me--give me my money back"), seems at a disadvantage. (If off-line
cash has a cost in terms of not clearing immediately, and even allowing
ways to break anonymity--perhaps via repudiation, in some proposals--then
it will be 'devalued" relative to "hard currencies" that clear immediately,
untraceably, and irrevocably.)
That you, Rick, are having coding problems is no great surprise. Despite
what some folks are saying here, this is still a research issue. Lots of
stuff yet to explore.
(Yes, I may be proved wrong when these enthusiasts open their doors at
First Digital, but such is life. Having invested in companies before, and
knowing something about what to look for in terms of cash flow, burn rates,
expectations of actually starting to sell (as opposed to burning money
doing research), I wouldn't put a *dime* into a startup to do digital cash
*at this time*. This is not to say enthusiasts and researchers should not
pursue this. After all, what better way to be prepared to get jobs or start
companies in this area when the time *is* ripe? But don't expect many
investors to fund a blue sky research startup.)
I expect I'll have more to say on these various points. My Netcom account,
as about 50 of you Netcommies certainly also know, is delaying mail by up
to a day. (They have 30,000+ account names in the file that has to be
opened, searched, appended to, etc., each and every time a piece of mail
arrives....things fell apart suddenly and now they are revamping the
account strucure, which may take several more weeks to fix.)
So expect some delays and/or completely missing responses from me.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-28 12:53:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We Get the Government We Deserve 
Americans are simultaneously of two minds about privacy:
* "What have you got to hide?"
* "None of your damned business."
(I don't know other national cultures very well, hence the focus on the
culture I do know.)
These views come out at different times in different ways, but most people
express them and fail to see the dichotomy.
My crusade happens to be against the basic idea of democracy itself. Yes, I
am opposed to democracy and seek to use crypto as a way to bypass
democracy, to hide transactions from the tax collectors and hence from
"society," and to find ways to bypass national borders and the democratic
or authoritarian (whichever, or both) institutions that they encompass.
We get the government we deserve. The Drug War is happening because
Americans shrilly say "Do something!" and would rather have the D.A.R.E.
commandoes educating their kids than do it themselves. Ditto for most of
the laws passed by the tens of thousands every year. (Ever wonder why we
need thousands of new laws? I do.)
De Tocqueville (sp?) said that the American experiment in democracy would
last only until the voters realized they could pick the pockets of others
at the ballot box. That point arrived at least 50 years ago.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-28 12:54:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
(As I said in another post, Netcom has a seriously broken mail system.
Sorry for the delays.)
I'll try to only respond to a few of Hal's good points, so as not to have
too long a post here. His points are elided unless included.
Yep. part of the reason I dubbed it the "Thunderball" plan: in that movie,
almost 30 years ago, a stolen nuclear weapon is armed by spoofing the
retinal scanner with a stolen eyeball (or maybe it was fake contact
lenses...it's been awhile). Given the stolen nukes theme, it's amazing that
the debate has shifted so little in 30 years. (ObCrypto links: Gus Simmons,
who most of you should know about via his "Contemporary Cryptology" book
and his work on subliminal messages, was the *main guy* on the "Permissive
Action Links" (PALs) used to secure American nukes. I asked Whit Diffie, a
close friend of him, if it was true that Simmons and others leaked security
info to the Soviets to help them to secure their own nukes against
unauthorized use...apparently they did, with the approval of the U.S.
As I remember the observer protocol (Chaum's "Scientific American" article,
August of 1992, as I recall), a trusted manufacturer is needed.
Tamper-resistant modules, etc. This still allows spoofing. I know that
off-line clearing, in which I get my money at some time after the
transaction, is a whole lot less satisfying that receiving confirmation
from my own agents/bankers that the money has already been transferred into
my account.
I agree that various protocols will exist, at various prices, with various
Which a free-market person such as Hal agrees with, of course. The market
will ultimately evolve various protocols. Provided that regulations do not
stop certain approaches, of course.
The plethora of financial instruments, derivative, etc., will be echoed
with digital money (indeed, some existing instruments already overlap with
digital money, albeit not yet of the Chaumian flavor). For example,
traveller's checks evolved to fill a niche for a form of money which could
be "lost or stolen" and yet still be replaced. Don't leave home without it.
Lots of niches exist, and many new ones will be created.
We agree. Protocols I've seen make off-line cash problematic. "There is no
digital coin." But on-line cash can be, and hence will be, issued to
anonymous recipients. It's already done, with numbered Swiss bank accounts
(at least in the past), and with the train lockers I mentioned. People put
money in train lockers anonymously, then give the key to others, in
exchange for goods and services (drugs, return of kidnap victims, etc.).
Yes, it requires an infrastructure. But for reasonable-sized transactions,
the few cents for a current VISA transaction would be lost in the noise.
Even if more computations are needed (as they will be, presumably), on-line
transactions will be manageable for the larger transactions. Very small
transactions (buying snacks and newspapers) can be handled off-line. This
is already done, as when people buy "subway cards" that are
semi-tamper-resistant (we all know they aren't, but most people don't try
to diddle them). Ditto for phone cards, parking coupons, etc.
(But why bother with off-line cash for most purposes? Physical cash is
convenient for such things. However, markets will decide.)
I look forward to hearing these comments. Understand that I wrote that
essay basically off the top of my head, pulling together some ideas that I
think have been pretty obvious for a while. We don't often discuss these
sorts of ideas, preferring (I guess) to correct each other on points of
trivia about the flight range of the A-10 Warthog (;-}). Life on the
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-28 14:11:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: FCC Regulation (fwd) 
Send your Morse code telegram--you've passed your exam, I presume?--to
the FCC. But hurry, as I understand they're about to pass the law.
Here's a section of what I sent FCC Commissioner Craig Shergold:
Dih dah, dah, dah dah dah:
Dih dih dah, dah dah dih dah, dah, dah dih dih dih, dah dih, dah dah
dah, dih dah dih
Dah dah

@_date: 1994-08-28 14:16:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Must read" posts 
Many people seem to think I dislike the views of other Cypherpunks.
Not so.
In fact, I find many posters to be refreshingly direct and clear. For example,
I find the view of Jim Hart to be clear, concise, and almost always
I've moved him into the category of "must read," along with the other
dozen or so authors here whose work seems consistently of high
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-28 22:21:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Not me PGP-tweaking 
My apologies. I confused John with another. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-28 22:41:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Thus Spake Thoth 
Thus spake Thoth:
Congratulatons, now your words, wherever they come from, will likely
carry more weight, especially as your rep increases (or it could
By the way, for the other people who claimed I never use the tools I
advocate, I *am* BlackNet. This is not a secret, but not everyone may
know I created the key pair used to communicate with BlackNet, at
least the original one (someone else created at least one additional
BlackNet, spoofed the creation date so as to appear earlier than _my_
BN key, and spread the key around to the standard key servers! Hilarious!).
I read that. No time to reply, yet. I think well-written scenarios
like that are very useful. You may even be right.
I'm not very pessimistic, actually. So long as I don't try to change
the world by force-fitting a solution, things will eventually evolve
in interesting directions. Given strong crypto, certain things seem
almost inevitable. Trying to commercialize too early may be a bad
idea, though...sort of like herding cats, as the saying goes.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-29 14:05:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 1--response 
I welcome Hal's comments. Between this meaty discussion of crypto anarchic
issues, along with the equally meaty comments by Eric and others about
financial instruments, maybe we've temporarily exorcised the run of
"cyphernukes" trivia postings. (Not that nukes are trivial...I understand
that even one of them can ruin your whole day.)
Hal split his post up into three parts (that I've seen so far), but my
response would probably not be split the same way, ideally. But I'll go
ahead and answer each of his posts in order, or at least get started.
First, let me clarify some points very briefly, points that would
ordinarily come up in the response to the second and third parts.
* I've never thought that anonymous escrow agents would be large
corporations, or even companies of several or more people. In fact, many
trading and investment services are handled today by a single person. Many
underworld financial services--e.g., offshore banks--are handled by a
single person. New computer technology makes this more feasible than ever.
Additional staff, especially at the spear carrier level (office workers,
clerical staff, etc.), are security leaks, as Hal notes.
* Family-based businesses are also common, where blood ties establish a
web-of-trust. Very common in Asia, the Middle East, and in other areas
where mistrust is a dominant concern. (The Mafia is known as the Family, of
course.) In many of these cultures, defections (in the game-theoretic
sense) are strongly disincentivized, by the blood ties and the
repercussions (ostracism at best, death in many cases).
* I agree strongly with Hal--and have argued this in several posts over the
past couple of years--that the "ecology of interacting anonymous agents"
merits much more study. We cite the fictional scenario of "True Names," and
we have limited exposure to such ecologies from the criminal underworld
(Triads, Mafia, Russians, Jamaicans, etc.), but few economic studies have
been done of such systems.
(My explicit focus in many of my posts on outlaw communities and outlaw
actions is not because I admire violent criminals, but because these
communities are obviously unable to use the legal systems of the modern
world and thus have developed and evolved their own legal codes of
sorts--sometimes with greater refinement than the so-called legal world.
David Friedman once agreed with me that much more study of underground
markets, criminal enterprises, and black markets in general is needed.)
On to Hal's comments. I'll only respond now to  then to   etc.
later today.
I'm not arguing, by the way, that such anonymous escrow agents (AEAs, for
brevity) will dominate conventional escrow agents, such as banks,
securities firms, etc. (all of which have certain escrow functions). But I
do expect that as more transactions leave the conventional "legal
world"--not because they are ipso facto illegal or criminal, but because
they are between parties who don't each others identities or nationalities
and hence are unlikely to agree that Afghani law, for example,
applies--that cyberspatial escrow/PPL agents will be more common. And if
they exist, outside the conventional legal structure for the reasons just
given, what reason is for them to be _non_-anonymous, that is, for them to
voluntarily reveal their phsysical identities, locations, etc.?
Hal mentions someplace that non-anonymity allows customers to check the
bona fides. Several points:
* Bona fides are easily faked. Cf. my posts on the 60,000 people in the
Witness Security Program (aka Witness Protection), most with
full-backstopped legends. The various governments of the world are expert
at creating such legends, including banks that meet their needs, transport
companies, and (probably) escrow services. So non-anonymity is not
necessarily what it's cracked up to be.
* Non-anonymity will likely expose the escrow agent to various pressures
and sanctions, including: lawsuits, subpoenas, threats by the parties
involved in an escrow, taxation, etc. Lots of complications. I can readily
imagine these pressures totally swamping the advantages of escrow. I
certainly know that any "non-anonymous" escrow agent will immediately be
beset by various pressures, legal, financial, and physical. I can't imagine
one operating for long in the U.S., for example.
* Non-anonymous escrow services in most jurisdictions (Hint: the operative
word is "jurisdiction") will of course not be able to handle transactions
that are illegal, e.g., information sales, drug money holding, etc. And
they likely face "know your customer" laws in many jurisdictions. [I
consider the idea of a non-anonymous escrow agent a non-starter, offering
essentially nothing of interest to identity-blinded users and instead
introducing unacceptable risks, pressures, and red tape.]
* If the customers, Alice and Bob, are anonymous (actually, pseudonymous,
of course), and are not associated with any jurisdiction, why should they
be interested in using a non-anonymous escrow agent, one who may be find in
favor of one party or another based on local law, based on pressures
applied by one party, etc.? Anonymous parties should be more comfortable
with AEAs, all other things being equal.
Eric Hughes' "encrypted open books" protocol may be useful in verifying
assets. Pinging works, as do "reputation-rating services" which rate escrow
I look to the success of underworld escrow agents (a standard role for
criminal syndicates is to enforce certain transactions "fairly"). Granted,
they are not anonymous. But reputations do indeed build up, even with
pseudonyms (one might say _especially_ with nyms). Lots of issues.
By the way, Hal several times talks about the "assets" of the escrow agent.
In general, a bonding is not needed, as the held items are *of no value* to
the escrow agent, in many cases I can see. There are two cases to consider:
1. Items held by AEA are unusable to the AEA, e.g., encrypted secrets and
money. (There's the issue that the AEA doesn't know if it's holding
worthless bits or valid digicash, for example. Again, ways of approaching
this, and the protocols will likely evolve with time.)
2. Items, or one half of them at least, are usable by the AEA. For example,
the equivalent of $100,000 is transferred to the AEA.
It's mostly this second situation I'm dealing with, as Hal is. But I
mention the first to give a hint about using protocols which blind the
transactions even from the AEA. How it all shakes out is, not surprisingly,
Also, webs of AEAs, somewhat like "reinsurance" amongst insurers, can have
positive effects. A complicated point to discuss here, but related to the
difficulty of maintaining frauds consistenly in the presence of multiple
agents, all unknown to each other.
Bear in mind that an anonymous escrow agent (AEA) is effectively no
different from a _digital bank_! I thought this point was pretty clear, as
I was discussing AEAs in the context of being a slightly different kind of
bank, but maybe it wasn't.
Consider one's bank today, even a small, poorly-capitalized one. It can
always 'defect' and claim that one's money was already withdrawn, (Yes,
there are complicated crypto protocols designed to prevent this, or lessen
the chances. The crypto community is generally interested in mathematical
rigor, not surprisingly, but reputations are crucial as well. Time-binding,
evolutionary game theory, etc.)
Yes, the purist stance. What else could there be and still act as we wish
it to? This is not to say that customers could not voluntarily arrange all
sorts of additional checks and balances, such as:
- biometric security (retinal, thumbprint, earlobe shape, voice, handwriting)
- protocol limits ($1000 a day withdrawal, required "co-signers," etc.)
(co-signers, time delays, guardians, all are possible, and may even be a
good idea...I, for one, would take steps to make sure that my total assets
are not accessible via a single number. Nothing unusual about this, just a
small matter of programming.)
Well, Hal, this argument applies to all pseudonymous exchanges, not just
the AEA idea. (A meta-point I've made in several ways is that parties to
these transactions will be "first-class" objects, that is, there is no
compelling reason to have a distinction between "customers," "merchants,"
"bankers," and "escrow agents." Such niche distinctions may evolve, as
agents fill various roles more than others, but the software structures
need not skew the transactions in any preferential way. I can imagine many
transactions in which agents fill several roles. Indeed, we all do this
with cash all the time: we act as buyers, sellers, holders of money in
trust, cashers of checks, etc.)
                      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
A nice turn of phrase, and a key one. AEAs are nothing if not sellers of
trustworthiness. You all know the drill here.
Webs of anonymous escrow, the "laying-off" of escrowed amounts to a set of
other AEAs (picked by customers, mutually, like a jury perhaps) could
further lessen risks. (My hunch: Sets of AES, picked this way by the
parties, could increase confidence exponentially. My hunch is that the math
of DC-nets and remailer networks is isomorphic. I'll think about this some
This is a powerful incentive, history has shown. (On a tangent, one reason
'dishonesty' is now rampant, with people wiggling out of contracts and
finding ways to reneg on deals is that we've largely replaced local
sanctions--including things like tarring-and-feathering cheats--with
"governmental actions," which can take many years to reach justice, if
Hence the use of multiple AEAs, picked by the customers "randomly" (or
based on private reasons) and mutually (protocol: each submits list of
acceptable AEAs, intersection is picked, or variants of this idea). Makes
collusion more difficult. (Anonymity helps becasue pressures cannot
directly be applied. Back channels exist, though, perhaps. Playing
"Anonymous Monopoly" might be a useful thought experiment.)
Yes, this is a risk. But also a risk in non-anonymous transactions. (The
people boarding the jets to Brazil.)
Well, this ends on a minor comment rather than a major essay point, but
perhaps this is best.
Meanwhile, the best sunshine part of the day has passed without me getting
down to the beach, so I'll close now and try to get out and catch some
remaining rays.
The remaining posts from Hal I'll respond to tonight.
(ObNukeThread: Micronukes with yields of a kiloton or less are possible
with as little as 10 grams of Pu. The key is the computer-intensive design
and precise implosion sequenve. But such secrets will be amongst the first
high-value secrets sold in digital black markets. I'm not worried: so we'll
lose a couple of cities someday. Big deal. Six billion people and
more...they'll make more.)
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-29 14:29:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Statistics on remail message sizes 
Except that coding only the progression and not the actual values lessens
the usefulness of quantizing. We may have one group of remailers/users
which uses the Hughes sequence: 1, 4, 16, 64, and another group that uses
another sequence: 3, 9, 27, etc.
I'm not saying we'll ever get everybody to agree, but there are times when
it's better to converge on solid, actual numbers and not on the
more-elegant abstract progressions.
But maybe I'm misunderstanding the point here.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-29 17:59:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Quibbling about "Forgeability" 
This is, with due respect quibbling. "Unforgeable" and "unbreakable"
are commonly used terms of art, which we (mostly) all know have
caveats about computational power attached to them. Purists may want all such statements modified with things like
"effectively unforgeable" and "effectively unbreakable." Whatever.
It's always important for people to understand that cyphers may be
only computationally secure (to some amount of crunch), but one need
not dwell on it.
Perry was answering a "yeah, but what if people forge digital cash?"
type of question. His brevity was understandable.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-29 18:31:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Transport Mixes 
We last had a major thread on this at least a year and a half ago, so
it's worth looking at again certainly.
Before I get to Jim's scheme, bear in mind a couple of extremely
important aspects of physical package shipping vs. crypto:
1. The physical packages are extremely easy to inspect by sniffing
(for certain chemicals), by examination of the package exteriors
(unless "repackaged" each time), by x-raying of the interiors, and by
weighing and similar mass/moments of inertia characterizations.
2. Physical packages are _often_ inspected, if suspicions arise. The
level of security is vastly lower than for shipping encrypted bits
around. Many people who thought they could carefully wrap some hash up
and ship it home found out otherwise.
3. Since people cannot practically do the "envelope within envelopes"
nesting, for packages [they can, but it's trivially detectable], a
major element of mixes is lost. [Practically, any of the remailers
can mark packages, attach bugs, etc. A killer.]
Onward to Jim's scheme:
If the mix process it itself trusted, then the airport steps can (and
hence should) be skipped. Unlike the case with software remailers,
where additional steps increase the chance that at least one of them
is reliable (and hence mixes the traffic properly), physical remailers
have the property that each additional mix node increase the chance of
compromisinging things, of attaching bugs, of marking the packages,
and so forth.
                                               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Huh? Not much of an anonymous remailer if this is possible. (Our
Cypherpunks remailers can do this trace-back only when people don't
encrypt, and most easily only at the first stage. Properly executed
mixes don't allow such trace-backs at all.)
Jim's schemes elided. This is familiar stuff to any spy thriller fan,
as I am, and it was "losing a tail" that motivated me to think about
my "Labyrinth" scheme in 1987, which I then described to David Chaum
at Crypto '88, only to find he'd already formalized it several years
earlier. Both packages and people are easy enough to tag-and-follow that they
are not even in the same league as the cryptograhic security of
digital mixes.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-29 22:57:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Bad govt represents bad people? 
To clarify my meaning, "people deserve the government they get" is
short for saying that the evil, repressive, godforsaken government
than everyone complains about is mostly their own doing. Majority
rule, the will of the herd, etc.
I certainly wasn't saying that *all* people asked for it. This seems quite obvious to me, that the problems of America and other
such countries is not that some evil government was, say, imposed by
conquest from the outside, but that the voters got what "they" asked
("They" being most of them, more or less, but not "all" of them.)
I find it useful to remind people of this point, that they get the
government they deserve, as a reminder that asking for the government
to "do something!" or saying "there ought to be a law!" is exactly how
we got into our current mess.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-30 13:09:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: OFFSHORE DIGITAL BANKS 
My reading of the situation (Mooney's "Capital Protection" or
somesuch--book not handy to me as I write) is that the Swiss-based
banks will disclose records under several circumstances, and may be
required to under Swiss law. These circumstances included evidence the
account involves fraud, embezzlement, theft, etc. As I understand things at this instant, the Swiss don't recognize "tax
evasion" in another country as an adequate reason to break
bank-customer secrecy, but discussions are underway with the
"enforcers" from the U.S., and many analysts predict that Switzerland
will capitulate on this point as well.
I gather that the Swiss bankers are not to happy with this extension
of the "New World Order" into their vaults, as other countries which
have not yet been "persuaded" to play ball with the U.S. are taking
more of the accounts which otherwise would've gone into Switzerland.
(Austria, Liechtenstein, etc., plus places like Isle of Man, Caymans,
etc.) The link with crypto is an important one: with the loss of the
U.S.S.R. as a superpower, the world is "unipolar" in terms of real
superpower force. The U.S. can throw its weight around, encouraging
compliance with U.S. polices in most areas. Everything from abortion
policy to banking secrecy laws to key escrow.
(I'm not saying the U.S. threatens force against, say, Luxembourg or
Italy, just that the pressures to go along with the U.S. New World
Order are strong. The latest scare tactic is the proliferation of
nukes, which I suspect will be the instigator of a global N.E.S.T.
commando group. (The Nuclear Emergency Search Team, currently based in
Las Vegas, has C-5 cargo planes ready to fly teams of searchers,
commandoes, etc., to any place in the U.S. where a nuclear bomb is
suspected of being.))
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-31 00:24:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
This will be a much shorter than my reply of yesterday, to Part 1 of Hal's
I see most businesses as very small. Or at least I see a large number of
very small businesses. Like today, with consultants, one-person companies,
small software firms, etc. Large corporations had their day, as described
in "The Nature of the Firm," but the reasons are declining. The
difficulties in keeping secrets, the need to insulate entities from
lawsuits, and the various laws requiring employer-paid benefits, are all
causing large monolithic organizations to downsize. (Not in all cases, of
course.) How far this will go is unknown of course.
But I grant you that most of my comments apply to individuals dealing with
other individuals. Over the Net, this seems plausible. (Even for larger
companies, they can designate someone to be their liaison, and not know his
identity mapping...just an idea.)
I don't buy this. Escrow agents who are anonymous need no assets at
all...what good would assets do if they can't be traced? More generally,
reputation capital is what they need, not physical assets.
Underworld figures who make snap judgements on drug deals, on fencing
goods, etc., don't need or don't use "hundreds of actuaries." Computers
will of course make things even easier. I see the model as being more
similar to Asian and Middle Eastern traders, where complicated arbitrage
decisions are made every day by very small groups (individuals or
Besides, the AEAs are not doing risk underwriting in a central way...they
are agreeing to hold parts of a transaction and then make a fair decision
on whether the terms and conditions were met. If research is needed, they
can farm it out (untraceably, of course).
But few people know the details of actual Mafia deals, and these are in the
"real world." Deals over remailer nets are vastly less observable.
Not to me. Time will tell.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-31 00:24:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 3--response 
The third of my responses to Hal. Also included at the end is a discussion
of a "crypto simulation environment," as it comes up in the context of
Hal's comments about game theory and the need to simulate iterated
prisoner's dilemma types of problems in a crypto context.
I agree that evolutionary game theory has rich implications for real world
cryptography, especially as it involves trading, interactions, cooperation,
I think they are. Agents in an IPD (Iterated Prisoner's Dilemma) game can
change their strategy...that is itself a strategy (e.g., "cooperate for the
first 10 rounds, then nuke opponent"). Is this a change of strategy or a
change in the agent? Maybe this is a semantic misunderstanding, but I don't
see how "Pr0duct Cypher" or "Thoth" is not an Axelrodian agent?
Because Axelrod and his contributors [well-described, by the way, in
Hofstadter's "Metamagical Themas" book] barely scratched the surface of how
real ecologies, real economies work. Reputations do matter, as shown by
another classic game theory result, the "game of chicken." An escrow agent
that defects faces some repercussions (who trusts whom in such disputes is
another issue, possibly handled by selective disclosure, a la Chaum, by
reputation rating services, etc.).
Not in a "positive reputation" system. In a negative reputation system, it
is true that an agent can alway flee and "start over" ("a fresh start').
But in a positive rep. system, each reputation only fairly slowly builds up
a rep. [There are scams, such as the "brilliant penny" scam, to use
collusive reputation setups to "inflate" a rep...nobody claimed it would be
It's best that it never be known how many rounds there are to be. Sort of
like not saying whether one is a source or sink of remailed
messages...leave them guessing. (Or more mundanely, keeping the number of
characters in a password a secret...the opponent doesn't have any
"terminal" states or nodes.)
I don't claim to know what the results are, this experiment not having been
done that I know of, but looking around me I see people who interact with
other people and who generally act as though "the game" will go on without
limit. While they certainly don't act purely in a tit-for-tat way, they
also interact as if their reputation for truthfulness, intelligence, etc.
matters to them. (This is true even for most of the pseudonyms we have
here, who give evidence of wanting whatever postivive reputations that have
accrued to them to continue. Financial matters are not necessarily the
same, granted.)
This is a good point, and needs more analysis. It may be that using a set
of escrow agents will lessen the risk that any one of them is about exit,
stage left.
But bear also in mind that many escrow functions can be set up so as to
have almost no benefits to the escrow agent if he defects and attempts to
welch on the deal (kind of a "zero incentive" system). (This is how IOU
systems often work.)
Here I agree most strongly with Hal. I have described my interest in this
area to several Cypherpunks and their friends, including Nick Szabo, Eric
Hughes, and Ted Kaehler (one of the developers of Smalltalk). The "protocol
ecologies" idea I talked about here a month or so ago is related to this.
To wit, building ecologies of interacting "cryptoids" which can scheme,
game, apply various crypto protocols, etc. (I don't mean any high-falutin
artificial intelligence, just a "testbed" for exploring agents that
implement crypto methods as, well, as _methods_.)
Toward this eventual end, if I can pull it off, I'm evaluating
"SmalltalkAgents," a programming environment for the Mac (soon for
Windows/Chicago, then Unix, etc.) which supports several interesting
features, including run-time dynamic typing, multiple threads,
agent-oriented methods (similar to Dylan, and maybe to the elusive
Telescript), and a persistent object store (so that the evolved agents
"remember" what they've learned and don't start from scratch each time).
For you Perl and C fans, why Smalltalk? First, because I get to pick
whatever environment I want. Second, because I enjoyed Lisp programming at
Intel (and a bit since, in Scheme) more than C programming. Third, while I
think the C++ class libraries are a powerful tool, I'm not interested in
using them right now. Fourth, the advent of 50-100 MIPS processors for not
much money places more premium on powerful prgramming environments and not
on runtime efficiency. Fifth, SmalltalkAgents can do external calls of C,
or whatever, code, so the the programming environment of Smalltalk can be
coupled with specific C code fragments. Sixth, the focus on CORBA, OpenDoc,
OLE, and other object protocols.
(I wrote down some of my thoughts on tools for crypto, beyond subroutine
libraries, a few months ago. "Crypto compilers," "intermediate design
languages" (IDLs for crypto anyone?), provably correct synthesis, etc.)
I think Hal is right that ecologies of interacting agents implementing
various crypto protocols (spending digital money, trying to collude with
others, etc.) is a ripe area for study. We learned a lot two years ago with
the "Crypto Anarchy Game" we played with paper and pencil, but we quickly
realized that humans are poor at remembering and enforcing complicated,
multi-stage, multi-party protocols, and that someday these would have to be
programmed into "crypto simulation" tools.
When, if ever, will I have results on this? I don't know. Do I want to
spend the next several years of my life on this? (As surely it's a
thesis-complexity job, or a several man-year job for a small group of
I haven't decided. I haven't decided even if it's the most important--and
interesting, since I'm working for myself, as most of us are--thing to work
Enough writing for now.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-31 16:34:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Force is not physical 
I don't strongly argue for the position: "anything is OK if you can
get away with it." In fact, I can think of many actions that, if
"performed in cyberspace" would warrant physical retaliation up to and
including deadly response. An example would be theft of "my" personal
secrets, my digitial money, etc.
The hard part, of course, is catching the person. And I see no point
in making a big deal about "outlawing" such thefts, given that
enforcement is so problematic.
I don't know if this makes my personal morality clearer, or if my
personal morality matters. I just wanted to make this clear, to
prevent misunderstandings.
Let me state a set of points in the context of locking doors, laws
about entering a house even when the doors are unlocked, the role of
the law, etc. (This has actually come up a couple of times as a
parallel to crypto, to leaving files around for decryption, etc.)
* Wise people don't just trust to laws about breaking-and-entering,
they put locks on their doors. (And they use strong crypto when
necessary, etc.)
* An unlocked door is not a legal excuse for entering a house. Basic
idea of property rights, a Schelling point for rights. (The issue of
"unauthorized access" to computers via modems is a more problematic
one in property rights; I have no firm conclusions yet, and hence I
support using cryptographic access protocols to make the issue
technologically moot.)
* Regardless of whether I've locked my doors, if I find an intruder
inside my house I'll shoot first and ask questions later. Though I
don't support the ex post facto imposition of a death penalty for this
entry, I support those who defend their property and themselves.
* The law should not distinguish between locked and unlocked doors,
period. While prudence dictates that doors should be locked, to cut
down on the issues above, the law should be blind on this. To the
extent there is any centralized law, that is.
* A better solution: private law. One contracts with a PPL agency.
They will likely charge for enforcement, as insurance and security
companies currently do. Having an unlocked door--deduced somehow--may
result in cancelled service, or higher premiums, etc. (There are too
many issues to debate here, so I won't. Hal and others are well
familiar with this...newcomers are urged to read up first. I've cited
the books several times.)
In summary, I can see some cyberspatial actions as triggering me into
taking physical actions. With strong crypto though, and
untraceability, the playing field changes dramatically and most
cyberspace actions are unpunishable in the "real world."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-31 17:23:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: OFFSHORE DIGITAL BANKS 
(quoting me)
I'm not sure what John wants me to expand on here. Others have noted
the same sorts of things. Here are some random, brief points:
* U.S. is only remaining superpower. Soviet weapons disintegrating,
rusting, becoming impossible to use. Soviet non-nuke weapons also
declining. (Gulf War outcome.)
* U.S. law enforcement (FBI, DEA, CIA, NSA) throws weight around with
Interpol, with Latin America (War on Drugs, Peru, Columbia, etc.), FBI
Director Louis Freeh travels to Russia to coordinate. Russia, flat on
its back, naturally acquiesces.
* U.S. tells the U.N. when to jump and how high. Only concession is
that tell them how high in "meters" instead of in feet. Hence the
rumblings from U.N. about Haiti invasion, Rwanda, Somalia, Cuba, etc.
(In case of Haiti, no foreign aggression, so this is an unheard of
extension of the charter.)
* U.S. policy on birth control--which swings from one side to the
other--is rammed down throat of other nations, via sanctions, aid,
* U.S. sits astride the world. U.S. orders the invasion of countries
whose leaders it dislikes.
(Lest I sound like a leftist, I'm not. I'm just seeing the full
flowering of the American imperialist state, spreading its form of
totalitarian government to other nations.)
Is this enough of an expansion?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-31 18:38:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
Jason S. said:
I think most of us understand this is what "pseudonymity" means...we
only use "anonymous" as shorthand for this. You can quibble about
this, and I might agree that the more awkward "pseudonymous" is a
better term, but no one is being misled into thinking that "anonymous"
means truly anonymous, with no credentials, no reputation, no trail.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-08-31 20:13:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ARTICLE" "Software's Chronic Crisis" 
The latest "Scientific American," September 1994, has an excellent
article entitled "Software's Chronic Crisis," by W. Wayt Gibbs.
It discusses a lot of issues related to crypto, especially to the
deployment of robust systems that can be built upon. Brad Cox is
I'm not going to type in sections--go out and find this issue
yourself. If you want to.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 01:57:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Warm, fuzzy, misleading feelings 
(the topic being using ersatz sigs to defeat the sig inspector)
I'm back in agreement with James Donald (Chomsky is spinning).
More that just making crypto look stupid, a game to be played, this
whole "toad will only check that the _form_ of crypto is sort of
present" (caveat: this is short-hand for the case presented) defeats
the whole purpose of user-to-user verfication.
I'm interested in systems which actually allow me to _really verify_
sigs if I have to (not often, I hope, and expect), not get a casual
comment from another system/user that it "appears" that a sig is
I wasn't kidding earlier today (apologies that I'm reading the later
mail first, as I just got home) when I argued that toad messages ought
to be signed. That is, all traffic from toad. If sigs are to be compelled (Note to Eric on a point he made earlier:
a compelled sig is one which is compulsory if a post is not to be
bounced, as per Eric's message about delaying and then eventually
bouncing unsigned messages), which I consider unwise, then such sigs
should *actually be checked*, with the resulting checked messages then
signed by toad/Eric/Hugh/John/whatever.
Anything less than this is actually counterproductive, as it fosters
a non-Cypherpunkish view of placing trust in others to do what
technology allows one to do directly.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 02:22:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Mandatory sig workaround 
(I've returned from a day and evening away from this list to find, not
unexpectedly, a lot of acrimony. As I have to skim through so many
messages, it is my preference this early in the morning to comment
mostly on things I agree with, as I just did with James Donald. (Right
after posting on a point of agreement, I saw his negative reaction to
my points, and lack the energy right now to respond to them.))
"Plenty of irons in the fire" is indeed the crucial point. Learning
how to make UQWK talk to AutoPGP in elm (or whatever) is apparently
fine for some people (by my estimate, 20% of those who post), but many
of the most valued (who shall remain nameless here) posters are *not*
signing posts. I urge you all to watch who signs and who doesn't.
Face it, some fraction of people on this list are gearheads, with
their own Pentiums or Suns sitting on the Net and with lots of
Unix/Linux tools they like to play with and that they can use to
compile their premails and procmails and whatnot. More power to them.
But many of us have "other irons in the fire" and don't plan anytime
soon to abandon our existing tools (in my case, a PowerMac 7100AV,
with video digitizers, etc., FrameMaker, Mathematica, SmalltalkAgents,
etc.) in favor of more PGP-friendly Unix boxes.
If people feel it would be better for the Cause if I eschewed writing
on the issues I write aboue in favor of not writing, presenting, etc.,
and instead becoming a Unix gearhead, able to transparently sign all
messages, then send your comments to me. And I intend to do none of this, choosing to focus on other things,
which is why I object to policies designed to modify behavior in the
way being discussed in this recent thread.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 02:53:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Cyherpunks Named Official Signing Authority" 
First of all, I am generally commenting on this:
"I am still considering the "sign-or-delay" proposal for the toad.com
server, that is, sign your articles to the list or they'll be delayed
and eventually rejected." [Eric Hughes, 1994-11-28]
"Eventually rejected" mean to me that unsigned messages will not be
passed through to the list. I call this a "compelled signature" in
that the signature is compulsory, not optional. (We hopefully can
avoid splitting semantic hairs about what "compelled" or "compulsory"
means. A Driver's License is compulsory to drive, though one is free
not to drive. If the "eventually rejected" situation is reached, then
a digital sig is compelled in this sense; that one is free to leave
the list or not to write posts does not significantly change this
compulsory or compelled nature.)
I strongly disagree with this. If a "Cypherpunks position" happens to
be wrong (as many of us think is the case with this "sign your posts
or face delay an, eventually, rejection")), then it is not
automatically good that Net.Cops see it and respond to it.
I say a system which sets up a person or site as arbiter of what is
signed and what is not is counterproductive to our goals. It plays
into the hands of those who wish to ban anonymous posts.
(Clearly I am not saying that the Hughes proposal is a plane to ban
anonymous posts, only that the "all posts should be signed" notion is
very similar to Net.Cop proposals to associate all posts with personal
identity. That the latest explication of the Hughes proposal says that
the emphasis will be on _syntactic_ checking, and not actual
verification, is a subtlety far beyond the Net.Cops who want real
Signature Authorities to validate Citizen-Units messages.)
In other messages this morning I have made my points about
user-to-user verification being what is important.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 03:09:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
^^^^
I have no idea about these "auto-signing services." My inclination
would be not to use them, as I rarely engage in "workarounds" to deal
with situations where speed bumps have been placed in my way.
If it's just a few minutes delay, who cares? If it's a few hours, I'll
likely bombard the list with "Has anybody seen the message I posted?"
messages. (There is no rule against this, so I expect to do this.)
If my messages are delayed by many hours or days, then it is the same
as if they been rejected...participation in threads is ended. (I think
Jamie Lawrence made similar points, when he/she (I forget which)) made
the point about minutes-hours-days being a tough issue.)
I haven't said I plan to leave the list. I've said that if my posts
are blocked/bounced/rejected, I would likely choose not to remain.
(Reference to "I am still considering the "sign-or-delay" proposal for
the toad.com server, that is, sign your articles to the list or
they'll be delayed and eventually rejected." [Eric Hughes, 1994-11-28])
I will register a note of purely personal frustration that many have
framed the current debate in terms of "Eric's list" and "If Eric wants
to do it this way, then this is how it should be done," etc.
I have no animosity toward Eric, but think this is a misguided
rewriting of history. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 03:28:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Effects of Marking/Delaying Nonsigned Posts 
A concrete basis for comment.
I post about 4 messages a day to the Cypherpunks list. Many others
post less than 1 per day, some only 1 every week or so. (And so on.)
Effects on Active Posters (4 or so per day): 4 x 15 seconds = 1 minute
after the first day = 30 minutes after the first month  = 3 hours
after the first 6 months = 6 hours after the first year
(Double these numbers if the "30 seconds" figure is used.)
Effects on Casual Posters: 2 per week x 15 seconds = 30 seconds after
the first week = 2 minutes after the first month = 24 minutes after
the first year
Pretty clearly, casual posters would not be significantly affected,
while active posters would be.
The desired intent? I doubt it. But typical of mechanistic attempts to
modify behavior. (Yes, seen on the Extropians list.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 03:42:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Indeed. But if my messages are bounced or delayed excessively, I will
of course have no reason to remain. My own Calvinist Stoicism.
I won't jump through hoops to meet pointless syntactical purity
checkes. Whether I sign all messages will depend on whether certain
tools become available and easily installable...at the current rate, I
doubt it (for me, Netcom, elm, etc.).
                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Bluntly, Eric, this is what is so disturbing about your position. You
are willing to "use your position" to essentially purge the list
(through bounces, a la "sign your articles to the list or they'll be
delayed and eventually rejected") of many of us who are unlikely to
solve the various problems mentioned so many times here.
You don't sign, others of note don't sign (some that I can think of
right now: Gilmore, Finney, Zimmermann, and probably many others). You
are _planning_ to now begin working on getting your won signing
situation squared away, but many of us are on different schedules
(Hint: It's even lower on the list of things to do for me).
I don't buy this, and hence will have my messages delayed or bounced.
I want my key to be useful for real uses, not just "Power Ranger" (a
la James Donald) uses.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 11:18:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Mandatory sig workaround 
No, I didn't propose such a correlation. Just a reminder that _many_
active posters are not routinely, or ever, signing. This is probably
not due to a minor (few second) delay but, rather, to much large
hassles (discussed here often, but having to do with editors on remote
machines not having access to PGP tools and keys on local
machines--this can be solved by moving the PGP onto the remote machine
or by sending the file to local machines with sz, etc.).
Like I said, "more power to them." I haven't gone this route, and
face, under the proposed system(s), delays and perhaps bounces. For
many reasons I think this is an unwise proposal.
You've just answered your earlier points.
Let me recount something that hasn't been mentioned on the list. At
the last Cypherpunks meeting, well-known Unix gearhead Raph Levien
demonstated his premail work: nearly transparent encryption,
decryption, remailing integrated into "pine," a mailer. Something
this "simple" (no insult to the work meant...I mean simple in the
sense that it is conceptually obvious and expected) drew oohs and aahs
from the generally savvy attendees. It tells us something.
(Yes, I may consider switching from my favored mail reader, elm, to
pine. But not soon, and maybe not ever.)
Others have touched on this. MIME stuff, mail wrappers, etc.
There are three main worlds to consider:
1. Users on their own secure machines, composing, signing, and
encrypting with tools on their own machine. Completed messages are
either mailed (e.g., Eudora, dial-up) or are otherwise send directly
(boxes sitting on the Net via SLIP, PPP, TIA, etc.)
2. Users who do some of their work on secure machines (perhaps at
home) but log in to remote machines that are not secure against packet
sniffers, snooping sysadmins, subpoenas (which may not even be
disclosed to the target, as in cases involving money transfers, drug
cases, etc.).
3. Users who do most of their work on unsecure machines outside their
control. Most corporate users who use corporate machines. Most
university students with campus accounts. PGP can and is used in all of these worlds.
 is taken care of by lots of tools. (And if I limited my mail to
Eudora, I could cope moderately well. But I don't even have Eudora
running on my new Mac configuration yet, and I favor reading mail
while logged-on to Netcom. Also, signing Netnews articles--not the
topic of current debate--is not addressed.
 is where additional tools are needed. A useful tool: agent-like
technology that could "reach back" with a zmodem-like squirting of
text to the local/home machine, do the sigs and encryption, and then
squirt back the processed text. (Ironically, short messages are moderately easy for me to verify, as I
can select the displayed text and use cut-and-paste. So long as all
the text is visible. Longer text messages require that I somehow get
the text--often by using sz to send it to my local machine--and this
typically takes more steps and requires more choices than I want to
deal with.).
 users are probably happy in their ignorance and have others to help
them with setups and configs. That so many students are diligent about
signing their messages--on "foobar.edu"--says a lot about the spread
of tools, helps, and common set of tools (e.g., everybody may be using
4.3 BSD and the same core set of editors and mailers).
I am dismissive of  because it's toy security. Not a foundation to
build on. But OK for students. Or employees. Or casual use.
Enough for now.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 12:06:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
I won't do anything. I might not even notice it. I've never felt that
this was important, though I also think it's pretty much useless (as
it's so obvious who's at least making the appearance of signing).
Delays of hours or more would affect my participation on the list.
Bounces of course would. Those have been my concerns.
On the rest of Eric's message, I'm in agreement with his assesment.
I'll elide liberally and only comment on a few points:
All of this is as I remember it.
Agreed. It was a symmetry breaking and Eric is justly rembembered as
being the driving force behind the mailing list. My issue is with the
views that are long the lines of "It's Eric's list, and if he says we
can only write about Croatian youth hostels, well, hey, it's _his_ list!"
"The map is not the territory," as a famous reverse Polish logician
said, and "the list is not the group." Nor is the Cause, the Movement,
The mailing list is the preferred forum in cyberspace for discussing
things amongst ourselves. Well said.
I've never proposed a majority vote, or even an "advisory vote" of
some body. I've just said, in various forms, that compulsory signing
(or compulsory-anything), with delays or bounces, will have certain
negative effects, on me, on others, and perhaps on the list as a
whole. I've made no "propertarian" or "labor-mingling" arguments,
contrary to the views of some, just these opinions of wisdom.
I don't feel slighted, not that that would matter.
It just sticks in my craw that some folks here are apparently so eager
to adopt a position of blind obedience, of alpha male subservience.
I'd feel just about as strange (I hope) if people were saying "Look,
Tim's the boss. He's the Big Kahuna. If you don't like his policies on
his list, leave."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 19:30:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why nothing works <g> [Was: Mandatory sig workaround] 
Wow! Maybe becuase I am just now having my first evening drink (to
paraphrase someoone who spoke about having his first morning cup of
coffee), but I find Lucky's message *dead on*.
I was starting to get my hackles up at this point, preparing to rebut
Lucky's claims, until...
...rest elided...
A fair summary of the situation. And I consider the slight benefits of
signing to not be worth the effort of changing the tools I  have
managed to get working over the past couple of years.
By the way, Rishab mentioned getting PGP integrated into Netscape (or
other Mosaic-like tools). I heartily concur, and even made an
impassioned plea for this at the last CP meeting.
Netscape and a SLIP or PPP connection is what I expect to be shifting
too as things shake out, as versions become real, etc. (I've mentioned
this before.)
Also, Netscape the company (formerly Mosaic Communications) is seeking
to hire someone to do this. A clear opportunity for a Bay Area CP to
do something good and also probably become a millionaire.
(3,000 millionaires were created by Microsoft's success, and
Mosaic-Netscape may be comparable in success.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-01 23:26:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tim May is RIGHT!!! 
Note that I have made no such claims. While I don't like the sound of
the proposal, for various reasons, and while I didn't care for the "If
Eric says it is so, then it is so" sycophancy, I can't find any
evidence that Eric was strutting around like a peacock, etc.
This is unlikely, as it sounds like the worst-case version of the
proposal has been shelved.
I happen to think that this "flame war," as some have characterizied
it, has made more apparent the difficulties many on the list (perhaps
most, as the Silent Majority is probably not in a better position, it
seems to me) have in routinely signing posts. I like the "under oath"
points Mike Duvos made today.
Rishab suggested we should talk about other things. Well, nothing is
stopping folks from doint so. I take the heated debate about this
"sign or else" to be a sign of health; at least some topics can still
generate furious debate.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-05 00:37:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Oceania? 
I won't say it's a scam, but a lot of people think it is/was. I
thought it had died some months back, when all posts (of which there
had previously been many) suddnly stopped. The idea of soliciting "contributions" to fund some kind of seagoing
barge, sinkable with a single torpedo (anonymous delivered, easily
enough), is crazy. If changes are going to occur, it won't be by collecting dribs and
drabs of small change from suckers who think they'll someday be
"living off the sea, consulting via satellite dish." (That's not a
direct quote, just my gleaning of the Oceania philosophy.)
They're out to lunch, or scam artists, or hopeless dreamers, or all of
the above. Gone to Roatan.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-07 12:35:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Warning about a message I may have sent 
I may have accidentally sent a message to the list that I was
intending to send just to myself, from my offline mailer Eudora (as
opposed to elm, which I'm now on).
As usual during any time Netcom is crowded, it is apparently not
accepting connections from toad.com, and so I am not seeing traffic
sent to the list (No, I don't need any of you to offer to send it to
me...it'll arrive when toad retries the connection some hours from now
and Netcom deigns to accept it.
A run-of-the--mill mistaken message would not be an issue, but this a
BIGGIE, a 43K file of a paper I just completed that I was planning to
offer as an attachment to a mail message. So, I was testing the whole
thing. But I may've typed in the list name instead of mine. Oh well.
If it arrives, it's the text only version of a paper submitted to the
"Imagina 95" conference to be held in February in Monte Carlo.
I guess random posts to the list are the Monte Carlo method in action.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-09 10:49:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: BofA+Netscape 
Netscape is seeking people to write this stuff, as we heard at the
last Cypherpunks meeting. So, this is the chance for Cyppherpunks to
see it done right.
I will speculate that Netscape, being a _very_ high-visibility
company, is in contact with the folks at RSA Data Security about this,
perhaps even using them to do the integration. (Recall that Bidzos is
involved in a couple of efforts along these lines.)
This doesn't mean they'll do it right, natch, but it gives us hope
that the crypto protocols will at least be well-handled.
(Ultra-speculative scenario: If I were the NSA/FBI/COMINT
establishment, anxious to ensure "escrowed access," Netscape is
something I'd be looking at. Ultra-speculatively, we should be on the
lookout for any evidence that Netscape will be deploying any kind of
"software key escrow" scheme, e.g., any links to the TIS proposals, to
Denning, etc. "GAKscape"?)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-11 01:19:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Crypto Anarchy and Virtual Communities" 
I discovered today at the Cypherpunks meeting what happened to the
posts of my paper I made to the list. I converted the FrameMaker version of a paper (to be presented in Monte
Carlo in early February) to plain text, with attempts to clean up most
of the non-standard ASCII stuff.
This paper was 43K in length, and I posted it, figuring most of you
could handle it (save it, dump it, etc.). So I posted it on Wednesday.
It didn't appear. So I tried again on Friday. Still nothing...and no
bounce messages, no nothing.
Well, Eric told me today that all messages above some size (40K, he
recalls) are routed to a mailbox for manual processing. He hasn't
checked it recently, so....
I hate to put files in my ftp account, as Netcom's ftp site is grossly
overcrowed and nearly all attempts to access it fail. (Netcommies are
roadkill on the I-way.))
But it is there, at ftp.netcom.com, in pub/tc/tcmay.
(Full address for direct access is: /ftp/pub/tc/tcmay.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-11 12:37:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Storm Brewing Over Forged Bob Rae Posting? 
Thanks for mentioning this, but I had some trouble finding it in the
*.canada.* newsgroups. I found it in "ont.general" after seeing
mention of the controversy in "alt.anonymous."
The newspaper article cites comments from a manager at Portal,
denyning responsibility, so we _may_ be seeing some repercussions. (I
have no idea if Hal has been contacted...perhaps he can comment here.)
In other news, seen in the various anon server groups, there's a
raging debate about some remailers censoring^H^H^H^Hscreening for
content, and not passing on (plaintext, obviously) messages they
dislike, or think are offensive, or insulting/supportive of
Scientology, etc. (I haven't read the Scientology debate yet, but
apparently a remailer named "Homer" is involved, one way or another.)
Once again, and not for the last time, it is critical that
*remailer-hosting sites* be placed at arms-length from *specific
instances of remailer accounts*. To put it more simply, a site like
c2.org could offer _dozens_ of remailer accounts.
(The site owner is not supposed to look at mail, according to the
ECPA...in my non-lawyerly view, this provides valuable protection for
the site owner. Not for the remailer account owners, but, then, they
are presumably acquired through pseudonyms, aren't they?)
In yet another piece of news, Netcom has apparently been
hacked/attacked rather badly. The "netcom.general" discussion group
(local to Netcom) is filled with garbage posts, forged posts,
cancelled articles, etc. Messages about "root" being forged appeared,
then disappeared. Netcom is quiet on this, but has been running
"crack" on all of their machines for the last several days--apparently
to (somehow?) help to find security flaws....I have no idea why
running crack to find weak passwords of users is such a high priority.
Maybe the apparent attack is related, maybe not.
News has basically stopped flowing into Netcom, and mail is still
somewhat squirrelly. Phil Karn asked me if the "Internet Liberation Front" was/is my doing.
Nope. (The ILF--not to be confused with the "Information Liberation
Front," which I may or may not know something about--was apparently
claiming to have cracked some other online service providers. I don't
know if the current situation at Netcom is related to this.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-11 13:45:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Four Horsemen 
I probably should have been more careful in explicitly listing the
"main candidates" for the Four Horsemen:
- Terrorists
- Drug Dealers
- Money Launderers
- Child Pornographers
Others may have different lists, but these are the main "threats"
suggested by most. My reference to "abortionists, abortion protestors"
was to show that _both_ sides of the issue consider the other side to be
a threat.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-11 14:05:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Real-time surveillance of the police 
As it happens, I'm a investor in Bob Fleming and Cherie Kushner's
start-up company. (One of several investors.) I've known them for
several years and have visited their lab/home many times.
(It was at their party that I got to spend a day talking to Vernor
Vinge, as some of you may recall me commenting on.)
So, I'd like to comment on some of these points.
Bob and Cherie _cringe_ when I joke about their loalizers being the
basis of the nation's "position escrow system." They fully understand
the ramifications and potential abuses of a system which could allow
position tracking to a few meters of every citizen-unit in a country.
(And a huge early market is expected to be "child localization," a la
the child-minder beacons some parents are already attaching to their
children. Bob and Cherie's system is much smaller, cheaper, etc.
This was an idea explored in detail by David Brin in 1990 in his novel
"Earth." Video cameras are ubiquitous and have a major effect on
casual street crime.
This scenario is a likely way that "position escrow" will evolve, from
a voluntary escrowing (incl. timestamping, etc.). "Those with nothing
to hide" will agree to escrow their movements...this will exculpate
them in suspected crimes, etc. A slippery slope.
On the topic of how these localizers actually work, I'm not at liberty
to talk about the technology. It's novel, and uses a *lot* if digital
signal processing. It doesn't use GPS and it's not a variant of
cellular telephones.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-11 14:11:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Broadcasts and the Rendezvous Problem 
Isn't this what "alt.anonymous.messages" is all about?
(It's been at my Netcom site for many months now...I don't recall who
created it, but it seems to me it was one of us.)
Miron Cuperman ran a message pool for a while....I don't know the
current status.
Other options exist, but all are lightly-trafficked. When more users
are using them, expect more such places.
I'm not sure what you mean by this. More remailers are always a good
thing, and offshore sites are especially good, but I'm not sure what
you mean by your last point.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-11 15:16:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Real-time surveillance of the police 
(quoting me)
I don't plan to say much more, and won't be playing the "Twenty
Questions" game, but the system does _not_ use satellites or anything
of that sort. Satellites up the ante considerably, and aren't even
Radio is enough to get 1% positional accuracy (or better) and radio
can have better coverage in many places that GPS-like systems can't reach.
                                                ^^^^^^^^^^^
A minor nit, but that's "Moore's Law," an empirical observation made
by Gordon Moore, a founder of Intel and current Chairman, that
integrated circuit capacities (roughly, number of transistors, bits,
gates) were quadrupling every two years or so.
Gordon had this posted outside his cubicle (the guy was worth $300
million then, and he worked in a Westinghouse-walled cubicle....I
thought that was carrying egalitarianism a bit far...he's now worth
$1.5 billion) and we all wondered when the trend chart would be
broken. So far, it's been pretty accurate.
But of course his trend chart ("Moore's Law," so dubbed by pundits
around 1970, when he first showed his chart) is a conflation of a huge
number of interesting trends in lithography, capital spending,
microprocessor consumption, etc.
The transceivers get real small for other reasons, not because of
satellites. Think about this: no reason to have satellites 100 miles
overhead if there are thousands or tens of thousands of cooperating
units nearby....
I won't say more for now about this, even though the patent filings
may be accessible, and the work has been described at "Hackers" and a
few other places (including Washington, at ARPA, who is also funding
them--gulp). --Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-11 16:18:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Articles on RC5 and GOST in January 95 Dr Dobbs Journal 
"Cauzin Softstrips" was the product, as I recall. I wouldn't use the
word "quite" in "It never quite caught on," except in irony, as I'm
pretty sure essentially _no_ such machines were sold. Maybe a few, but
not many more. We had this discusssion a while back, when Phil Karn was trying for an
export license for Bruce's software. OCR recognition rates are already close to 100% for monospaced fonts
like Courier (at least many of us see this...I have TypeReader and it
does very well with such fonts), and could be made even higher.
In my view, the whole export issue is a joke anyway. Anyone with
access to Bruce's code could quite easily remail it, with or without
first hiding the exact form by compressing, encrypting, or stegging
That this hasn't happened--so far as we (or I) know--says more about
other things than about the laws supposedly barring such export.
I'm not saying it wouldn't be an interesting test case, though. Hard
to imagine it happening. I expect the test case could come just as
easily be printing up the code in Courier, or OCR2, and prominently
putting "Insert this end into OCR machine" or somesuch....and then
calling attention to this as one crosses the borders. (I'd guess the
outgoing Customs inspection would be nonexistent, as usual, and that
such an attempt to trigger a test case would be fruitless.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-11 17:18:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Articles on RC5 and GOST in January 95 Dr Dobbs Journal 
I'm confused. Isn't this precisely what I was saying in my post? That
if anyone really wanted it, it's easily and anonymously remailed?
I'm not saying no one wants it. As pedagogic material, with the text,
it's very useful. But it's not "productized" into a standaone,
runnable, item that a lot of people can use (like PGP, for example).
Which is what I said in my post.

@_date: 1994-12-12 14:53:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Real-time surveillance of the police 
Topics I'll discuss: surveillance tapes of cops, localizer bandwidth
needs, and digital timestamping.
There's _some_ Cypherpunks relevance here, as this thread deals with
the issue of surveillance, self-surveillance, escrowed records, etc. I have another point of view to add: I don't want to see my local cops
have all of their actions videotaped and reviewed for quite another
reason--I don't want a "mechanization" of the enforcement process!
Cops, for all of their faults, also have some positive personal
characteristics: they use discretion in enforcing laws, they let folks
off with warnings or shrugs, etc. I shudder to think about a world in
which the hideously complicated legal code is enforced by cops who
have video cameras mounted behind them to verify that they never gave
a sucker^H^H^Hcitizen-unit a break. (I am slightly reluctant to tell Sandy I have some good opinions of
the California Highway Patrol, but I do. I elected to take a one day
class to get a speeding ticket taken off my record, and the class was
taught by an extremely able, pragmatic retired CHP officer. He had all
kinds of tips about driving, accidents, etc., having seen 500 or more
fatalities in his 25+ years with the CHP. He also talked about the
local judgment, or discretion, that CHP officers have to have. For
example, to raise tax revenues, California ruled that "fix-it tickets"
(no fee, no fine, just present evidence that a minor automobile flaw
has been corrected) would no longer be allowed, that even the most
minor infractions--broken tail-light, cracked windshield, etc.--would
have to go through the legal process, with special soak-the-driver
"administrative" (really, revenue enhancement) fees. So the CHP is
simply not playing along, and they've found a way to avoid the process
by issuing a different kind of ticket that is in fact a fix-it
ticket. He also gave other examples that left me with a more favorable
impression of cops....perhaps this was his intent?)
(The longer-than-I'd-planned section above is meant to show that even
a cop-disliking skeptic like me can be convinced that some good is
done is by them, and that not all cops are bad. Perhaps my on-day
exposure co-opted me the way certain folks in D.C. got co-opted?)
Anyway, I don't _want_ a mechanistic enforcement of *all* laws, with a
video camera second-guessing the cop. I don't want 43,761 laws being
enforced religiously. (If we had just the 13 or 14 laws I think we
need, strict enforcement would be a good thing, but not when the
43,748 extra laws are cluttering up the books.)
"Officer, the video records of 1994-12-12 14:22:31 PST indicate your
patrol unit was within visual range of a 324.986.666 ("Bicycle Helmet
of Improper Color") and yet you ignored this misdemeanor. This being
your 3rd such oversight this month, you are being reassigned to the
Discipline Platoon at Camp Pendleton. Dismissed."
Forcing the cops to surveill themselves will almost certainly take
away what enforcement discretion they now have.
(quoting someone else)
On this bandwidth point, it is certainly true that N
localizers/transceivers communicating at M bits per second with some
maximum carrier frequency can "overload" the "free space channel."
(Crudely, when N x M > .5 B, where B is the "bandwidth" of the
communications channel.)
For example, a million people each trying to communicate a thousand
bits per second would imply an aggregate of a billion bits pers
second, barely possible if the carrier frequency maxes out at a few
gigahertz. This is Shannon's Theorem, of course. And this is within
"one space," nearby. In the real world, with a few miles as the
effective range, the "crowding" is not severe. (I'm ignoring other
users, radio and t.v., cellular, RF noise, etc. Important things to
consider in a more detailed calculation.)
Ten thousand such units, in a space a few miles square, each "trying"
to communicate 1000 bits per second, would result in only about 10^7
bits per second, aggregate. This is far, far below any Shannon limits
(of course, there are other users of the spectrum who may "step on"
the users here...these are all tradeoffs to consider, and that _have_
been considered). Fortunately, localization doesn't typically need
1000 bits per second, in any case.
(A skier lost in the mountains, a child who has wandered away....all
are cases where the needed bits per second is _much_ less than 1000
bps. Indeed, most of the localizers are either not sending info at
all, or very sporadically.)
Finally, the problems of "proving" the surveillance or audio/video
records are not later changed by cops or others is easily solved--by
something of great crypto relevance.
Namely, digital time-stamping, a la Haber and Stornetta. No "trusted
third party storage" is needed: just hash the surveillance records a
la Haber and Stornetta and the resulting published hash cannot at a
later time be forged. (I devoted much space to this in the FAQ, so
grep it for this if interested.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-12 17:44:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Golden Opportunity 
It seems to me that we have a golden opportunity to apply our crypto
know-how, and our special perspective, to truly important issues.
In recent days we have seen on our own list commments from folks from
Netscape--surely a major players in whatever's coming--and from
attendees at the recent IETF meeting (that stuff is Acronym City to
me, so I stay out of the debate). And contributions from Phil
Zimmermann, Bruce Schneier, Steven Levy, and the like.
"Can't we all just get along?" is a much-laughed-at slogan, but it
seems to apply here. We have a golden opportunity to influence the
Net of the future, surely a good thing. (And I haven't even mentioned
the Cypherpunks connections to digital cash of various flavors.)
I understand that this list is no substitute for things like the
recently-occurring IETF conference (or whatever it was), but it seems
unproductive to be arguing here. (Argument can be good, of course.
Amanda Walker _started_ the argument, but the resulting debate has
been illuminating, so I think the outcome of the argument has been
generally good.)
I suppose what I'm suggesting is that we treat the confluence of
influntial people here as a good opportunity to debate the future. We
probably can't debate fine points in great detail--the list just can't
support the passing of detailed specs back and forth--but I think many
of us are willing to put up with some acronyms in exchange for you
putting up with our non-IETF comments (:-}).
The future Net is now being architected. What better time for
Cypherpunks to apply their various views?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-12 19:05:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: real time surveillances 
I can't speak for what Sandy S. meant, but I can assure you that a
"broadcast polygraph" is not planned, nor is it likely to be
technologically feasible any time soon.
The basic technology is for position localization, not vital sign
reporting, etc. To be sure, a vital signs subsystem could be linked to
another system (as could a polygraph, with a lot of effort). But such
is not the main intended purpose.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-13 00:44:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: dr. dobbs - where? 
i wondered the same thing for a long time, looking with archie for
this item, and another, something called "scientfic american" that
gets quoted a lot (but isn't a scientific american an oxymoron? I
guess not)
i finally found this dr. dobbs in a place called a bookstore...imagine
that. it seems that dr. dobbs is a magazine, a relic printed on either
papyrus or paper, i'm not sure which.
it used to be called "dr. dobbs journal of computer orthodentia:
running light without overbyte" (or words to that effect)). the
immmortal jim warren, who has attended at least two cypherpunks
meetings and who founded various important computer trade shows (which
he sold to others, thus ensuring his life of retirement), founded this
"magazine" in the mid-70s, which explains why it uses such an archaic
format as papyrus (or is it paper?).
seriously, byte, dr. dobbs, scientific american, and the economist are
available only in paper form, but are nonetheless vastly more useful
than nearly anything on the net.
this is especially true, of course, of the crypto literature, where
vast amounts of goodness are confined to cellulose. it may change in
our lifetimes, perhaps even in my lifetime. not surprising to this
group, payment for electronic forms is an issue.
--klaus! von future prime

@_date: 1994-12-13 13:50:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: calling all cpunks on netcom 
I ruthlessly cut out messages I don't want to keep, but still have
accumulated about 60-100 MB of Cypherpunks mail that I wish to keep
(not as mail qua mail, but as articles, essays, comments on crypto
points, forwarded items, etc..
Obviously I have this stuff on my home machine.
My point? Netcom's "5 MB" limit is useless for actually archiving
articles, as it probably should be. At some point one has to download
the accumulated stuff. A 5 MB buffer is better than a 1 MB buffer, but
not in the steady state solution.
Conclusion: The remote vs. local storage problem has to be resolved in
any case, so why not solve it sooner rather than later?
Netcom expires _all_ newsgroups, even its own ("netcom.*" local
discussion groups), in the "normal" period of 2-3 weeks. There is no
reason to expect them to make an exception for our group. If this is
not made an exception, then a 3-week hang around period will hardly
constitute an "archive." (Yes, it will reduce _some_ storage, by a
shared pool, but only temporarily.)
Netcom might be persuaded to create a persistent storage for a
discussion group like ours, but I know of no precedents (at Netcom).
They would want to be paid somehow for the space used, and arguments
that users would not have to pay extra for the above-5MB storage would
not be very persuasive to them. (Unlike MIT, for example, Netcom has
little incentive in this area.) Convincing them to create another
class of service or pricing would be tough, I think.
I have no objection to the idea of this, and the general idea of
converting the list into a newsgroup (alt.cypherpunks, or
soc.cypherpunks, or even rec.flame.cypherpunks) comes up.
I just don't think the argument that it saves disk space is very
persuasive. At some point the stuff one wants to keep needs to be on
one's own machine, right?
(There may be some list members who lack a computer, and are accessing
solely via terminals. Can't do much for them.)
--Tim May, in his third year of using Netcom with the Cypherpunks list.

@_date: 1994-12-14 11:37:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Less Flaming, More Civility 
Folks, the level of flaming and gratuitous insulting (insultations?)
is getting in the way of our message.
We have on our list folks from Netscape, First Virtual, and (maybe)
Digicash. Amongst others. And we certainly know that some of our
messages are being forwarded to others.
It behooves us to bear this in mind. If we can't calmly and clearly
make our points about why privacy is important (and I mean in the
sense of personal responsibility, not just the buzzword), about why
end-to-end encryption is generally better than transport-level
security, and about why "certifying authorities" is (to many of us) a
flawed approach, then we are failing.
More concisely, the Cypherpunks list is one of several "watering
holes" that have appeared. Rather than trashing schemes which are not
"'punkly correct" (PC, to coin a term), or which seem to have been put
together in haste (perhaps for good reason)), we should instead use
this golden opportunity to influence things.
Call me an elitist, but I think the Cypherpunks list has an important
role to play in influencing:

@_date: 1994-12-14 13:26:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Less Flaming, More Civility 
This was one of those "MIME" things I got, that tell me to "Hit any
key to go on," "Now press ^H-Alt-Hyper-Abort to return to the main
Did I miss something here?
This is not a flame, but there sure has been an increase in the
frequency of this strange MIME messages lately. (At least with the
practical demise of NeXT, I've been seeing fewer and fewer of those
"NewGrazer" (?) messages.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-14 14:58:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Strange MIME messages 
My system marked it as MIME, as the attachment below will show. (To
Jim McCoy: My system is in fact capable of handling MIME, but clearly
"elm," which I and a lot of other people use, sees messages like this
differently from what some others see.)
When I quoted the attached junk, it put it in slightly different form
than it was originally. Here's what I saw on my screen,
 M 97  Dec 14 Peter F Cassidy    (26)   Re: Less Flaming, More
[This show that elm marked it as MIME, the "M," even though Perry's
system said it was not true MIME.]
tcmay at netcom.com
.       JE$W\)"F27!UU\WP0,Hc)l(:f-U>3b^3%|?S/AloU
dXs]r\kZZ{>HqMV-4A$pGEg8SI3 Ja,1gZ ,L:x7QI5^l
[some whitespace deleted]
Press any key to return to index. [end of what I saw on the screen.]

@_date: 1994-12-14 18:11:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Notice: MPEG-II Video Mail Attached: Quicktime 2.1-compatible. This
messages has been formatted as a HyperMIME document. Do not attempt to
read it on a non-HyperMIME-compliant system.
ASCII-only portion--hit "n" to download the MPEG-II attachment, hit
"^&-D" to stop the automatic transfer which has already begun, hit
" to receive a QuarkExpress document describing how to use
HyperMIME. If you see garbage characters below, in the ASCII portion
of this message, it means you are not on the bleeding edge of
Fij4 at Jim McCoy 89g1~wroteiio900deW:
ASCII Excerpt> [...]
ASCII Excerpt> > This is not a flame, but there sure has been an increase in the
ASCII Excerpt> > frequency of this strange MIME messages lately.
ASCII Excerpt> ASCII Excerpt> Probably because that is the direction mail is going.  If you can't do it
ASCII Excerpt> too bad, but don't expect everyone else to wait around for you to catch
ASCII Excerpt> up. Time to move your mail into the early 90s and get a MIME-aware mail
ASCII Excerpt> agent... ASCII Excerpt> ASCII Excerpt> jim
FG00998Thanks, Jim, I think you're right. This parochial dependency on archaic things like ASCII and the sentimental attachment we have to 80-column displays is keeping us from advancing. (You'll know you're stuck in the 80-column swamp if the quoted message above overran your display...me, I am switching to a 120-column mode
soon, and may adopt a 1280 x 1024 dual column format for all of my messages. If you can't read it, time to move your mail into the early 90s!
NOTICE: The JPEG-II movie that accompanies this message has been
installed in your root directory. It can be viewed with the
HyperMIMEPlayer software, version 1.04 (but don't use 1.03 or earlier,
as that will crash your system!).
The .WAV files can be listened to with version 4.2 or later MIMEaural
The Singularity is approaching...soon we'll be changing our system
software every few days to keep up with the incompatible messages
being sent. I love it.
[Tim May's ASCII sig has been replaced by a more modern Postscript
version, which was downloaded while you were reading this message and
sent directly to your laser printer. All part of HyperMIME making
your life easier.]

@_date: 1994-12-15 12:13:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
I see two "stable attractors" for text/graphics/multimedia/etc. sent
over the Net:
1. Straight text, ASCII, 80 column format. All systems can handle
this, all mailers and newsreaders can handle it, it's what the Usenet
is essentially based upon, and it gets the job done. It meets the
needs of 95% of us for 95% of our needs.
2. The Web, for graphics, images, etc. This will be the next main
stable attractor, deployed on many platforms. (I'm assuming the debate
here about Netscape standards does not imply much of a fragmentation,
that Mosaic, Netscape, MacWeb, etc., will all basically be able to
display Web pages in much the same way.)
I'm not arguing against technology, as Perry surely knows. I used
FrameMaker 4.02 for my Monte Carlo paper, prettified with nice fonts
and printed in 2-column format. I am willing to supply a "FrameViewer"
version to this list, if there's enough interest. Other standards I
have to deal with are Replica and Acrobat (my Smalltalk vendor likes
these), Postscript versions, and the usual assortment of
semi-proprietary standards for PhotoShop, Painter, MORE, and so on.
The issue is not unwillingness to use new technology, it is, rather,
the issue of "stable attractors." That is, what can I/we reasonably
expect others to also have. Clearly if I issued my paper to the list
in FrameMaker format, or Acrobat format, or even TeX format, only a
few people would be able to read it. Fewer still would actually take
the steps needed to actually display the paper.
Standards, standards, standards!
I don't think the minor extensions to e-mail (loosely called "MIME,"
though MIME serves other functions besides attaching graphics) are
worth the effort, frankly. Most of the MIME messages (the ones that
tell me about "ISO 558972 fonts" and "Press any key to return") don't
seem to warrant the effort....I think in 90%+ of the cases people
simply send messages as MIME by default, not becuase non-ASCII stuff
is included.
If we make the leap, I say make the leap to the Web:
cave drawings --> text --> e-mail --> Web
(By Web I of course mean the whole ball of wax involving HTML/HTTP/etc.)
This is not a rejection of new technology, just a wise selection of
which technology to bet on.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-15 12:37:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
I want to add something to what I just sent out, something of direct
relevance for PGP efforts:
And these two attractors are where the efforts on encryption have the
biggest pay-offs. We already know that PGP is "text"-oriented, and
that PGP messages can be read on a variety of machines, from terminal
to DOS to Macs to Suns, etc. PGP is well-suited to a straight text
world, as it makes no assumptions about non-ASCII capabilitites.
(Using the ASCII-armor mode that most of us use.)
It is when assumptions are made by programs, think of "Lotus Notes" or
"DECMail," that interoperability is lost. The Lesson: Beware of making any assumptions about MIME sorts of
extensions to use with PGP, as many people will--for whatever
reasons--not be able or willing to process MIME mail.
The Web is where I think a lot of future efforts on integrating PGP in
should happen. (I'm speaking of when the Web is used to send e-mail,
which I hear is being worked on by many groups; clearly a lot of
Netscape/Mosaic/etc. users expect to use these products as their main
interface to the Net, and not have to have separate mail programs.)
This is where I would put my money.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-15 13:20:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Agreed, and I think my follow-up clarified my claim that the Web is
the likely successor to standard e-mail.
I think a generation exposed to Mosaic and similar browsers will want
to find ways to use these windows into the Net for _nearly
everything_. They will not want to buy or learn separate mail
programs, negotiate separate accounts, or deal with MIME sorts of
issues. They will ask for, and get, "gateways" between mail and the
Web. (Gateways may not be the right word.)
(We see this already, on the CP list, with Web pages containing the
Cypherpunks list, with Web versions of my FAQ, etc. In the next few
months, let alone the next few years, I expect to see more and more
people reading the list via someone's Web pages. Maybe their own,
maybe someone else's, etc.)
I'm not sure what "deprecate the web" means here. I use "lynx" fairly
regularly to retrieve stuff, and think it's pretty useful. I'm also a
prime candidate for getting Netscape, when a few things stabilize (I
won't say what, as that will then trigger the "Why don't you use X?"
sorts of comments I get).
My main point is that the most compelling strategy seems to be to
stick with ASCII for a while, avoid minor-but-painful gains with
Postscript, Acrobat, Replica, TeX, FrameViewer, etc., and then jump to
the Web/html/http/blah blah when the time is right.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-15 13:32:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
But this isn't 15 years ago, and I daresay there isn't a _single_
subscriber to the Cypherpunks list using a VIC-20 or anything remotely
similar. Of the 600 or so subscribers, and certainly of the 100-200
involved posters, I would bet that essentially all of them can display
ASCII text on an 80-column screen. (I won't get into a Scholastic
argument about what "all" means, as in "all systems can handle this,"
especially as in my message I later said "95%," but clearly 80-column
ASCII is nearly universal these days. Not 15 years ago, perhaps, but
this is now.)
You are once again misrepresenting my points. I said no such thing.
I said no such thing, so your sarcasm is wasted.
Do you? You seemed to have read into my message what you wished to,
that I was making some argument for going backward, as this has been
the thrust of your sarcasm. I made no such point.
There's no point in arguing this any further.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:28:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
As Perry is actually making some points without sarcasm (*) and
without demonizing me as some Neanderthal bent on converting the list
to a 20-column, all caps past, I'll respond:
Perhaps, but I don't have the Andrew Messaging System, nor do I expect
most of the subscribers here. I see lots of AOL, Compuserve, Portal,
Netcom, etc., accounts, and the range of mailers available to (most)
of them does not include the AMS or similar things.
I deeply resent--but will try not to take it personally, so no
animosity to Perry or Jim or others is intended--the insinuation
through sarcasm or through direct statements that I am hopelessly
wedded to a past of ASR-33 terminals and good old-fashioned
typewriters. Like a lot of folks here, I use stuff that's far beyond
simple ASCII. I think I've adequately covered this point.
Eric Hughes wrote a nice piece several weeks back about adoption of
new technology, new tools all being a matter of _return on
investment_. For example, I could spend some number of hours switching from my
current mail progam (elm) to some other editor which perhaps
better-supported the MIME messages seen here. But if all I got for
several hours of using, learning, and becoming comfortable with, say,
"pine," was the ability to see an _italicized_ word, or a word in
Cyrillic, then I would consider this a poor ROI.
And nobody has yet said there's anything worth doing this for in any
of the MIME messages I've yet seen. Sure, Amanda W. exercised the
process by including a GIF....a process which several people saw
errors with, and no doubt many others skipped completely.
Does this make me backward? No. It's all ROI. Like it or not, we are now in a mostly-ASCII Net environment. This
shows up when people fail to convert special characters (apostrophes,
left and right quotes, em dashes, bullets, etc.) into the "straight
ASCII" characters (such as ', ", --, *) that most of the rest of us
can display easily. People right complain about posts and messages
filled with "^H" and other oddball symbols.
(And it certainly doesn't mean that people like me don't have the
capability of displaying extended character sets....I clearly can,
given the right tools, effort, etc. Many can't, and many won't. The
"Display Postscript" standard was an attempt to bootstrap the world to
a new standard for document display, and it failed. Maybe the "Andrew
Message System" is another such fix. Maybe it's even better designed.
All well and good. But it ain't available to most of us. Nor would I
even install it if all I got was em dashes and the like displayed
correctly. ROI, again.)
Please don't characterize my views as Luddite wishes for a simpler
world. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-15 19:23:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
(quoting me)
This of course is not an easily solvable problem. And I believe it
actually makes my point, that _text_ remains about the only lingua
franca we have: if I send messages out to the list that can be read by
the greatest number of subscribers, with Newtons, Magic Cap
doohickies, radiomail-to-fax, Suns, Ataris, Indigos, Amigas, and even
VIC-20s, it is almost certainly the case that text can be read by most
of them (I'm talking about the _contents_ of the message; the delivery
level is another set of issues).
"Actual" terminals is not the issue, but "virtual" terminals *is*. I
haven't done a poll lately, or ever in fact, but my hunch is that 70%
of the list is emulating some form of terminal, e.g., a VT-100 or 102,
or maybe something slightly more exotic. Or a shell program, as in
America Online, which has its own standard.
Perry made the same point that Amanda makes, that my Macintosh _should
be_ usable as a graphics system, not just for ASCII text. Well, I
agree, but so what?

@_date: 1994-12-15 19:38:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
My issue has not been with MIME as a transport mechanism, but
non-ASCII content, which clearly most folks can't read.
Amen! This is the same point several people have made in follow-ups. The whole bit about transferring spreadsheets is nice--we've been able
to do it on the Mac for many years, provided both sides have the right
spreadsheet programs of course--but it's not of much use in
communicating as we do on a mailing list. And "true MIME" is not what
many so-called "MIMEs" apparently are.
It wasn't marked as Mime, and it gave me no trouble. Perhaps becuase
looking at your headers reveals:
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Version 1.4.3
I think the Content-Type field is the key.
Is this the answer? Not completely. Part of the whole "complexity"
issue I've been railing about (and echoed by such noted Neo-Luddites
as Phil Zimmermann, John Markoff, and others) is that increasing
numbers of messages need special processing, hang up my automatic
downloading (as when my Eudora hangs in the middle of a long transfer,
asking for instructions on how to handle an exception or special case,
and Netcom hangs me up, forcing me to start over later and then
babysit the transfer process so I can be there when Eudora hollers for
help), and generally complicate our lives more than they help.
Would Einstein have wasted his time trying to configure his mailer so
he could see Amanda's GIF? (No offense meant, Amanda.))
****AUTOMATIC TRANSFER OF CYPHERNOMICON COMPLETE****
Error 51: HARD DISK IS FULL
Automatic Action 32A: Delete least-recently changed files.
****STARTING DELETIONS NOW*****
Do you wish to continue? (y/n)

@_date: 1994-12-15 20:31:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Hmmhh. I was _there_ in the 1950s, I _knew_ the 1950s. And let me tell
you, this is *not* the 1950s. (Apologies to Lloyd Bentsen.)
It may be backward, but it is how a huge fraction of the list accesses
the Net. Am I wrong on this? Dial-up access to local POPs is a fact of
life for many, many people. Do a "who cypherpunks" on the list and
look at the sites. Many will be dial-ups, others will be access to
university machines, via dial-ups, etc. Others will be a mix of
corporate machines, some with better connectivity than others, and
many with proprietary e-mail systems, such as VAXMail and the like. My
guess is that fewer than 20% of the list are directly SLIP- or
PPP-connected, with good access to the tools praised here by Amanda,
Perry, you, and others.
It might be a good idea to get some real statistics on this. We did
this a couple of years ago, and there was talk about doing it again.
For reasons I just addressed in another post, I foresee being on a
dial-up (not a SLIP or PPP, that is) for a while. And I have relatively
few complaints about it. My service provider keeps the 9446 current
newsgroups, provides ftp and suchlike tools, and I don't have to be a
sysadmin. Frankly, if I have to choose between not being able to see
someone's MIMEd GIF and becoming a Unix sysadmin for my own site, I'll
skip the GIFs.
Even Perry admits to using emacs, and Unix mailers like elm are not
exactly oxen. (I have a choice of several mailers, the usual ones. Big
deal.) I also have commercial Eudora, the PowerMac version no less, so
my offline mailer is adequate. This still doesn't mean non-ASCII
(graphics, fancy fonts, equations) can be plausible placed in
messages--and communicated to the list for reading/viewing.
I'd like to see some evidence that I am one of the last of my tribe.
Call me Ishi.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-12-15 22:56:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tim May the Luddite--His Last Message for A While 
It may be time for me to move on. More than 2 years on this list,
since the B.C. period, may be too long.
I'm fed up with fighting these battles, and no doubt many of you are
fed up with seeing contentious pitched battles. Cypherpunks is
increasingly a forum of strutting and posturing about who has the most
powerful tools, who is spending more of their lives staying at the
bleeding edge of technology. Depressing.
The consensus of the active posters in this latest thread (Perry,
Amanda, Lucky, Jim, others) is that I am a hopeless fuddy-duddy,
unwilling to begin posting in the latest modality.
(Funny, Netnews is still 99.999983% plain ASCII, by message count, and
nobody advocating a more advanced scheme is actually _using_ such ne
plus ultra formats here on this list. If it's so easy, and so 'punkly
correct, why not?)
I don't care for this imputation that my views on communicating with
the list are somehow holding others back. Or that discussing these
issues is inconsistent with being "truly interested in making strong
encryption easy and transparent." Bluntly, I'm fucking sick and tired of these cheap shots and personal
innuendos. Maybe it's the "young guns" syndrome, with a codger like me
whose first Net account was in 1972 being a ripe target for the newest
pistoleros with their .486-caliber Linux boxes in their holsters.
Whatever, I'm fed up. I'm taking a break and unsubbing for a while. If I'm back in time for
the January meeting, we'll have the "Demo Day" as planned. If not,
you'll have to play it by ear.
As they say, you know what a Cypherpunks firing squad is? A circle.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-01 17:25:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: archiving on inet 
Boy, this has been one of the most contentious, arguing-in-circles
thread I've seen in a long time. I was getting ready to delete all
these posts by lawyers, semi-lawyers, wannabee-lawyers, and
non-lawyers when I ran across this nice and concise post by Joe Thomas:
Exactly! The copyright laws, confusing as they may be, are basically
unenforceable for _private_ and _mostly private_ behaviors. Xeroxing
books, sheet music, and the like is done routinely--stand in a copy
shop for a while and watch what happens. And these things are
indisputably violations of copyright (there is a "grey zone" for short
copying jobs, under the "fair use" interpretatins, but certainly not
for copying entire chapters or books, or sheet music). Ditto for
copying software, as we all know. Copying CDs onto tapes is a murkier issue, because of the recent
revisions to the laws and the so-called "tape tax," which collects a
royalty on blank tape while allowing essentially unlimited copying for
_personal_ use (e.g., I can safely tape CDs onto DAT so long as I
don't then _sell_ them).
Where the rubber meets the road on all this stuff is when a visible,
public situation occurs--the college instructor who makes Xerox copies
of a textbook (not his own, but maybe even that is a violation) and
distributes or sells them to a class, the musician in a public concert
who is seen with piles of Xeroxed sheet music, the guy selling dubbed
videos at a flea market, the corporation buying one copy of a program
and then duplicating it for 30 employees, etc. In these cases, a
whistleblower can call in the Music Police (don't know their real
name), the Data Narcs (SPA), etc., and some action _may_ be taken.
(Rarely, for many reasons.)
The hair-splitting about whether making backup copies of Usenet
constitutes any kind of violation is not all that useful. The issue is
what happens when--as is inevitable--folks sell compilations of other
people's postings. Indeed, there was a raging debate on this several
years ago when Brad Templeton was planning to sell a book of the best
jokes he's seen in rec.humor.funny. Maybe the book even came out....I
never did hear the outcome. Anyone know?
With strong crypto and anonymous systems, few actions will be
publically visible enough to allow enforcement and sanctions. Copyrighted material may be sent through remailers to protect the
source (recall the "Information Liberation Front"). Ditto for other
kinds of "software."
A brave new world. My fear is that the NII will be structured so as to
limit crypto use with a public rationale of preventing these kinds of
abuse (the private rationale being the NSA/FBI/national security state
sorts of things).
--Tim May, who's not a lawyer and doesn't want to become one
(and who hates to see fine minds devoted to the credo "Cypherpunks
study law")

@_date: 1994-02-03 02:21:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Notes on key escrow meeting with NSA 
This interesting report on the Clipper/Capstone/Tessera Key Escrow
system was posted by Matt Blaze to several groups. I hope most of you
have seen it already, but for those who haven't, here it is.
Apologies for using bandwidth to reproduce an article here, but I
think the machinations over Clipper and key escrow in general are
pretty germane to the Cypherpunks charter.
--Tim May
meeting with NSA Organization: AT&T Date: Wed, 2 Feb 1994 21:02:55 GMT
A group from NSA and FBI met the other day with a group of us at Bell
Labs to discuss the key escrow proposal.  They were surprisingly
forthcoming and open to discussion and debate, and were willing to at
least listen to hard questions.  They didn't object when asked if we
could summarize what we learned to the net.  Incidentally, the people
at the meeting seemed to base a large part of their understanding of
public opinion on Usenet postings.  Postings to sci.crypt and
talk.politics.crypto seem to actually have an influence on our
A number of things came out at the meeting that we didn't previously
know or that clarified previously released information.  What follows
is a rough summary; needless to say, nothing here should be taken as
gospel, or representing the official positions of anybody.  Also,
nothing here should be taken as an endorsement of key escrow, clipper,
or anything else by the authors; we're just reporting.  These notes
are based on the collective memory of Steve Bellovin, Matt Blaze, Jack
Lacy, and Mike Reiter; there may be errors or misunderstandings.
Please forgive the rough style.  Note also the use of "~ ~" for
'approximate quotes' (a marvelous Whit Diffie-ism).
NSA's stated goals and motives for all this:
They indicated that the thinking was not that criminals would use key
escrowed crypto, but that they should not field a system that
criminals could easily use against them.  The existence of key escrow
would deter them from using crypto in the first place.  The FBI
representative said that they expect to catch "~only the stupid
criminals~" through the escrow system.
Another stated reason for key escrow is that they do not think that
even government-spec crypto devices can be kept physically secure.
They do expect enough to be diverted to the black market that they feel
they need a response.  NSA's emphasis was on the foreign black market...
There seems to be a desire to manipulate the market, by having the
fixed cost of key escrow cryptography amortized over the government
market.  Any private sector devices would have to sell a much larger
number of units to compete on price.  (This was somewhere between an
implication and an explicit statement on their part.)
When asked about cryptography in software, "~...if you want US
government cryptography, you must do it with hardware~".
Clipper chips should be available (to product vendors) in June.  You
can't just buy loose chips - they have to be installed in approved
products.  Your application interface has to be approved by NIST for
you to get your hands on the chips.
An interesting point came up about the reverse-engineering resistance
of the chips: they are designed to resist reverse engineering the data
in the chip without destroying the chip.  It is not clear (from the
information presented at the meeting) whether the chips are equally
resistant to destructive reverse-engineering to learn the skipjack
algorithm.   They said the algorithm was patented, but they may have
been joking.  ("~And if that doesn't scare you enough, we'll turn the
patent over to PKP.~")
The resistance to reverse engineering is not considered absolute by
NSA.  They do feel that "~it would require the resources of a national
laboratory, and anyone with that much money can design their own
cryptosystem that's just as strong.~"
They repeated several times that there are "~no plans to regulate the
use of alternate encryption within the US by US citizens.~"  They also
indicated they "~weren't naive~" and didn't think that they could if
they wanted to.
There were 919 authorized wiretaps, and 10,000 pen register monitors,
in 1992.  They do not have any figures yet on how often cryptography
was used to frustrate wiretaps.
They do not yet have a production version of the "decoder" box used by
law enforcement.  Initially, the family key will be split (by the same
XOR method) and handled by two different people in the athorized
agencies.  There is presently only one family key.  The specifications
of the escrow exploitation mechanism are not yet final, either; they
are considering the possibility of having the central site strip off
the outer layers of encryption, and only sending the session key back
to the decoder box.
The escrow authorities will NOT require presentation of a court order
prior to releasing the keys.  Instead, the agency will fill out a form
certifying that they have a legal authorization.  This is also backed
up with a separate confirmation from the prosecutor's office.  The
escrow agencies will supply any key requested and will not themselves
verify that the keys requested are associated with the particular court
The NSA did not answer a question as to whether the national security
community would obtain keys from the same escrow mechanism for their
(legally authorized) intelligence gathering or whether some other
mechanism would exist for them to get the keys.
The masks for the Clipper/Capstone chip are unclassified (but are
protected by trade secret) and the chips can be produced in an
unclassified foundry.  Part of the programming in the secure vault
includes "~installing part of the Skipjack algorithm.~" Later
discussion indicated that the part of the algorithm installed in the
secure vault are the "S-tables", suggesting that perhaps unprogrammed
Clipper chips can be programmed to implement other 80-bit key, 32 round
The Capstone chip includes an ARM-6 RISC processor that can be used for
other things when no cryptographic functions are performed.  In
particular, it can be used by vendors as their own on-board processor.
The I/O to the processor is shut off when a crypto operation is in
They passed around a Tessera PCMCIA (type 1) card.  These cards
contain a Capstone chip and can be used by general purpose PC
applications.  The cards themselves might not be export controlled.
(Unfortunately, they took the sample card back with them...)  The card
will digitally sign a challenge from the host, so you can't substitute
a bogus card.  The cards have non-volatile onboard storage for users'
secret keys and for the public keys of a certifying authority.
They are building a library/API for Tessera, called Catapult, that
will provide an interface suitable for many different applications.
They have prototype email and ftp applications that already uses it.
They intend to eventually give away source code for this library.
They responded favorably to the suggestion that they put it up for
anonymous ftp.
Applications (which can use the library and which the NSA approves for
government use) will be responsible for managing the LEAF field.  Note
that they intend to apply key escrowed Skipjack to other applications,
including mail and file encryption.  The LEAF would be included in
such places as the mail header or the file attributes.  This implies
that it is possible to omit sending the LEAF -- but the decrypt chip
won't work right if it doesn't get one.
When asked, they indicated that it might be possible wire up a pair of
Clipper/Capstone chips to not transmit the LEAF field, but that the
way to do this is "~not obvious from the interface we give you~" and
"~you'd have to be careful not to make mistakes~".  They gave a lot of
attention to obvious ways to get around the LEAF.
The unit key is generated via Skipjack itself, from random seeds
provided by the two escrow agencies (approximately monthly, though
that isn't certain yet).  They say they prefer a software generation
process because its correct behavior is auditable.
Capstone (but not Clipper) could be configured to allow independent
loading of the two key halves, in separate facilities.  "~It's your
money [meaning American taxpayers].~"
The LEAF field contains 80 bits for the traffic key, encrypted via the
unit key in "~a unique mode ~", 32 bits for the unit id, and a 16
bit checksum of some sort.  (We didn't waste our breath asking what the
checksum algorithm was.)  This is all encrypted under the family key
using "~another mode ~".
They expressed a great deal of willingness to make any sort of
reasonable changes that vendors needed for their products.  They are
trying *very* hard to get Skipjack and key escrow into lots of
***end of article***

@_date: 1994-02-03 20:39:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Prodigy Hard Drive Scans 
Just a rumor, disposed of several years ago. A hot topic of debate
around 1990.
This rumor arose because Prodigy set aside a block of user disk space
for its own files. Sometimes this block had random stuff in it (recall
that "erasing" a file doesn't actually overwrite the disk, it just
removes pointers to the stuff being erased and allows other stuff to
later be overwritten over it). Prodigy used part (a small part, given
1200- and 2400-baud modems in use then) of this block to send back to
the main computers, so in principle it could see miscellaneous scraps
of erased data.
But this was accidental, was a tiny fraction of the disk, was not used
or even looked at by Prodigy, and would have absolutely no value in
determining applications used. (Think about what a samll random chunk
of "erased" disk space would really mean in terms of telling outsiders
what applications you use!)
Ironically, an old college buddy of mine is now in charge of e-mail
for Prodigy, in White Plains, New York. He visited me last summer and
I showed him a _real_ computer service (Netcom) and we had a few good
chortles about this Prodigy Conspiracy.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-06 11:11:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Nice Summary of Motives for Clipper 
This fellow has written a nice summary of the "carrot and stick"
motivations on Clipper. Nothing we haven't seen discussed, but a nice
His analysis is accurate:
- the government will make Clipper use very easy to export, and to use
(perhaps by subsidizing production costs of the MYK-xx chip for some
- the government will make non-Clipper use very hard to export, may
harrass those who post code to ftp sites (a la PGP, Moby Crypt, etc.),
and will do other things to throw roadblocks up
- the result will probably be that in 5 years mosts crypto use is of
the key escrow sort, with all that that implies
Comment from TCM: Yes, we've "already won" in some sense, in that
strong crypto can't be completely eliminated. But if 99% of all crypto
users are using key escrow in 1999, for practical reasons, then in
some sense we have lost.
I'm curious about what RSA Data Security Inc. thinks of all this, as
this carrot-and-stick move worsens the export situation immmensely:
key escrow technologies get a "pass," while non key escrow
technologies get scrutinized, delayed, and generally told not to
bother to try to export (this is my interpretation). Could be real bad
news for Bidzos and Company. (Don't flame me for urging an alliance
with RSADSI! I'm just speculating on who will be hit hard here. Could
have some implications for what Cypherpunks support.)
Here's the article:
Newsgroups: alt.activism,alt.politics.datahighway,alt.privacy,alt.privacy.clipper,alt.security.pgp,alt.wired,comp.org.eff.talk,talk.politics.crypto
Organization: Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, B.C., Canada
Distribution: inet
Lines: 107
This reveals some of the mindset behind Government encryption policy.  For the past year or so, I've been discussing the "Clipper Concept", and have
constantly bewildered myself and others with the question:
   Why on earth would the black hats use a system which can be compromised
The conclusion which we normally came to was that after the introduction of
Clipper technology, the United States Government would work towards making
it illegal for cryptographic systems other than Clipper (or some other
Government controlled Key Escrow system) to be sold or produced in the
United States.
Now, Mr. Sternlight's view that Government is not attempting to prevent black hats from using non-clipper technology, and that they simply do not wish to allow criminals to use the Governments strong encryption system,
contrasts somewhat with the current dialogue on the subject.
And it makes sense - Clipper is going to dominate the market.  We may
all strut about and swear up and down how we will never use a cryptographic
system which the Government can break, but, given that commerical providers
will probably have huge incentives to develop clipper chip systems, (Govt.
Contracts and such :) this is the system that you and I will probably be A careful re-reading of the Press Releases provides supporting evidence. In particular, the administration will allow export of key escrow technologies,
and their new policies will result in:
The administration is going to also work with industry, with the NIST leading
these efforts.  Mention was made of money being tossed into this effort (Staff
will be hired....)     So, that's the carrot, now for the stick:
"The Administration will continue to restrict export of the most
 sophisticated  encryption devices."
So, picture in your mind a Company such as AT&T, or U.S. Robotics, that
is about to start selling an encrypting modem/telephone:
They can either provide to Joe Public a Key Escrow technology, or they
can put together their own proprietary encryption system.
The Key Escrow technology system can be sold to the U.S. Government (Big
Bucks, How much would you like to bet that in the next 3 or 4 years, numerous government departments will be allocated large sums of money
to purchase encryption devices, regardless of whether they need it or
not - The press releases reveal that All Govt. Purchases will be Key Escrow - Never underestimate the impact of Government contracts)
The Key Escrow technology system will be free of Red Tape, can be exported,
will not require individual licensing for each country, can be taken
out of the country by business persons (The vast majority of which could care
less whether the Govt. can crack their communications, it's the competition they are concerned about), etc, etc....
Or, they can create a proprietary system and face the mother of all red
tape trying to sell the damn thing (At a significantly increased cost.)
The Result:
And this is an issue that Nobody seems to discuss:  Who will you be able to talk to if you are using a proprietary encryption system.  (A technically alert member of the press should
ask the following question: Will the administration seek to prevent
encryption systems which incorporate the clipper chip from having secondary
encryption technolgies embedded (I.E. Imagine if the modem you manufactured
could only talk V.32terbo, and not V.32/V.32bis - Nobody would buy it
because everyone else has a V.32bis modem. ) And here is where the Government may have made a strategic error though;
by not revealing their encryption algorithm, they may have opened up
a market for people who are concerned about the strength of the
encryption algorithm.  E.G. AT&T can come along and market their encrypting telephones with multiple levels of security, standard
"Clipper" encryption, or new and improved AT&T laboratory technology
which has been attacked by every encryption researcher on the planet.
Of course this device would still face the Red tape which the government
will be using as its primary weapon against non key escrow technology
in the coming years.
You heard it here first.  (Well, maybe not.  Anyone hear how the
Government has been treating PGP lately? :)

@_date: 1994-02-06 16:00:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TEMPEST - Electronic eavesdropping 
Please provide a reference for this. We've discussed this _many_ times
on this List, and the consensus is that no such law exists, nor is it
plausible that folks could be told they cannot "shield" their
(In fact, FCC regulations call for various levels of RF shielding, as
we all know. Is there a law which says "You must shield--but not _too_
much"? Of course not.)
I don't want to sound rude, but saying it is illegal to take
appropriate counter-measures to prevent surveillance is a serious
statement, requiring some support. (I'll look for the ftp paper
you cite later...do you have a pathname handy in the nist ftp site?)
I can believe that _certain_ countermeasures, like active jamming with
RF signals, may be somewhat restricted, but mainly for FCC reasons. I
cannot believe that shielding a keyboard or computer, or using LCD
displays to reduce Van Eck emissions, or even putting one's computer
in a Faraday cage, could be illegal. Parts of the TEMPEST spec (and TEMPEST is not an acronym for anything,
I understand) are classified, for various reasons, but this does not
mean shielding or other countermeasures are forbidden. In fact,
shielding supplies and TEMPEST-related supplies can be bought from
several companies. Every time this thread comes up, someone cites the
I'll phone Pablo Escobar and ask him.
Lots of interesting stuff there. But where is the paper you cite? A
pathname would be appreciated.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-06 18:20:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TEMPEST - Electronic eavesdropping 
OK, I've just reread the Seline paper Rob Jackson was referring to
(available by ftpat csrc.ncls.nist.gov::/pub/secpubs/tempest.txt--my
thanks to Rob for providing the pathname to me). I say "reread"
because this is the same 1990 paper that's been reposted several times
to sci.crypt and here to the Cypherpunks list.
Earlier I said, quoting Rob:
...stuff elided...
Indeed, most of the Seline paper is devoted to the fact that the
TEMPEST spec itself is classified, which is undoubtedly true. And the
(unconfirmed) assertion that mere possession of RF intercepting gear
that could be used to defeat TEMPEST is illegal.
(I have doubts about this, given the various types of RF receivers,
old television sets with manual tuners, etc. I suppose that if one
were caught with an antenna, a tunable CRT able to "tune in" the
emissions of a nearby--or distant--computer or CRT and display them
the way the NSA's ELINT gadgets undoubtedly do, then this might be
considered evidence of criminal intent--like burglar tools,
password-cracking tools, etc. [And we've had this debate many times as
well, with some saying possession of lockpicking tools is legal,
others saying it's not, etc.])
However, nothing in the Seline report, flawed as it is (IMO), says "it
is illegal to take appropriate counter-measures to prevent
surveillance." That is, go ahead and shield away!
What I think the government is saying is this, and I have no idea if
this is in fact law or if it would hold up in court:
* First, we (the government) have a TEMPEST spec we use to build
equipment to. It tells our vendors how good their stuff has to be. We
don't tell the public this spec, because this would help the Russkies
and the Yellow Hordes, not to mention the French.
* Second, we (your public servants) have our own tricks and techniques
and dislosing the TEMPEST specs would provide damaging information to
our opponents (the Mob, the Serbs, the Cypherpunks, and the
Republicans)--so we aren't talking. And we insist TEMPEST contractors
also keep their mouths shut.
* Third, we (us again) will not allow _eavesdropping_ equipment to be
publically sold, whether for intercepting cellular phone calls, CRT
emissions, whatever. You may find loopholes (telephoto lenses and
giant parabolic mikes, so beloved of dicks), but we've basically
outlawed this stuff.
(sorry if my irreverent tone and change of point of view is confusing
So, nothing about shielding or monitoring emissions (commercial RF
leakage equipment is widely available and measures stuff down many dB
from the unshielded level). Just don't build a Van Eck gadget and let
others know about it (though, again, it's not clear how the courts
would rule on this). And don't disclose TEMPEST specs.
For Cypherpunks, not too much to worry about. We don't want or need to
play at being spooks by monitoring nearby systems, and shielding is
That it's not used much, that we are "soft targets" for determined
surveillance teams, and that we use PGP on insecure machines, etc., is
all well-known. Everything has a cost, and most of us don't perceive a
direct enough threat to our communications and computers to warrant
working inside a local, Faraday-caged machine, keeping passwords in a
separate laptop we carry with us at all times, etc. What's important
for us is to get crypto tools spread ubiquitously. The rest can come later.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-07 10:00:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Defeating Clipper and Skipjack is Still Possible 
(I've changed the article title to reflect my point here.)
For voice use, this may be so (but I think pre-encryption before
Clipper is still possible....see discussion at the end). But for the
forthcoming _data encryption_ use (Skipjack, etc.), I don't see how
"pre-encryption" can be detected, much less blocked, banned, or
otherwise interfered with.  After all, "data are data."
Frankly, it has always been the (presumably) impending restrictions on
data encryption that have worried me the most, because it is the
application of strong crypto to data encryption that holds the most
promise (in such things as digital money, remailers, all the stuff we
deal with here on this list). Voice scrambling has never been a high
priority for me, personally.
Requiring Skipjack encryption for all packets entering the Federal
Interstate Dataway (tm) could be a constraining hassle, but what's
_inside_ those Skipjacked packets could be arbitrary. (Even an
"entropy" filter as part of Skipjack--an implausible
complication--could easily be defeated.)
If the government requires Skipjack, I can't see any way of preventing
pre-encryption, short of "random searches" (analogous to random
searches of cargo to detect contraband, etc.). And I suspect some clever work could allow pre-encryption even with
Clipper. After all, if the canonical (expected) mode is for two
Clipper users to be speaking English to each other, and they start to
speak Croation, this is a crude form of encryption (security through
obscurity, for a few minutes at least). Even more so if they started
speaking their own private code. Clipper would just take the audio
signal, manipulate it as it is supposed to, send it, etc.
Thus, putting one's own cipher system in _front_ of Clipper (and
_after_ it at the receiving end, of course) should work, providing the
output of the cipher system is standard audio (constrained by the
phone system(s) used). But isn't this exactly what existing secure
phones are (like the STU-III)?
That is, nothing inside the Clipperphone need be touched or interfaced
with. Just use the Clipperphone as usual, but speak in a "language"
that cannot be deciphered by the surveillors, even if they get a
warrant to look at the Clipper keys.
Am I missing something?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-07 10:36:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Defeating Clipper and Skipjack is Still Possible 
Let me briefly elaborate on a point I made in my last post:
In both this data case and the Clipper voice case, I am assuming the
keys for the pre-encryption are negotiated by either prearrangement or
by some back-channel, and don't involve D-H or any other such protocol
through the Skipjack or Clipper system.
(Perhaps this situation, where a bunch of key exchange protocols must
be gone through before communication takes place, is what Hal Finney
was referring to when he said that the Clipper proposal looks like it
will make multiple encryption impossible.)
Most of my (few) encrypted communications are by this kind of
prearrangement, with PGP being the most obvious case of this, and so a
multiple encryption scheme is workable. With voice encryption, I guess
the Clipper system will not be very cooperative with D-H and similar
protocols. But it will still be possible:
1. Use the Clipperphone to establish who one is communicating with.
Alice and Bob thus start talking to each other.
2. Alice says: "Switch to PGP-Voice with my P-K" (and so on).
3. Bob and Alice are thus communicating with PG-Voice, with Clipper
doing a further encryption.
If the Feds get a warrant to get the Clipper keys, then all they get
is PGP-Voice-encrypted junk.
Clipper then serves the admirable purpose of _covering_ the further
use of encryption!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-10 10:00:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: real encryptor...and Chaitin 
Chaitin's book is indeed tough sledding! For one thing, it's meant as
a monograph, giving his proofs in condensed form. (I assume Karl is
talking about "Algorithmic Information Theory.") And his two other
books are mostly collections of papers, articles, speeches, etc. Not
very pedagogically appealing. A more useful _text_ is the new "An
Introducution to Kolmogorov Complexity and Its Applications," by Li
and Vitanyi, 1993.
However, even this book will not help much in determining whether some
random block of numbers (no pun intended) is indeed "random." Most of
these results in Kolmogorov-Chaitin complexity are of an abstract
nature, not a _computational_ nature. That is, one doesn't find much
to help in determining if a number or set of numbers is random or not.
The best measures I know of remain the simple things like _entropy_,
but for "almost all" large enough blocks, the calculated entropy is
likely to be nearly maximal (e.g., 7.999... bits per ASCII character).
As interesting as I find K-C complexity and AIT in general to
be--especially in terms of things like why Occam's Razor works, how
induction and Bayesian statistics relate to the real world, etc.--I
can't say I've seen any ways in which it helps in cryptography or
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-11 00:40:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Pynchon as roadkill on the digital superhighway 
I don't recall whether it was Eric (Hughes) or me that specifically
came up with this....we were riffing on various screwy ideas and this
one popped up. The biggest concern is that the "ideal" name would be
"alt.w.a.s.t.e." except that the period at the end violates the naming
In any case, various "pool" groups exist, such as the *.test groups
(as mentioned by others recently), flame groups, etc. I used
"alt.fan.david-sternlight" and "alt.sternlight" for my "BlackNet"
experiment some months back, though the only encrypted messages sent
to BlackNet, that I saw, were posted on Cypherpunks. (In general,
_not_ a good idea.)
Speaking of Pynchon, an amazing piece of news!, My non-W.A.S.T.E
mailbox contained a message today revealing the actual location, in
Aptos no less, of Thomas Pynchon.
Yes, you read this right. Pynchon, not photographed since his high
school yearbook photo 40 years ago, a total cipher, has been living
not more than a few miles from me all these years. It seems that in the early morning hours of January 28, 1990, someone
accessed the Department of Motor Vehicles computer files and got a
printout of the elusive man's home address, personal characteristics,
etc. A copy of this was forwarded to someone who studies Pynchon, and
thence to me, for reasons I won't go into right now.
The implications for Cypherpunks, privacy, and Pynchon as roadkill on
the digital highway are clear.
(For those of you who have no idea what I am talking about, or why
this is so significant, ignore this. For those of you who appreciate
the import of this event, I will have the document with me at the
Cypherpunks meeting on Saturday!)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-11 10:00:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Meeting this Saturday 
In case others have the same question, I'll give my opinion
Cypherpunks meetings officially start at noon and last 'til
"whenever," which is usually about 5 p.m. But things often don't get
rolling until around 12:30 or so, and may end around 4:30 on a "light"
Since missing the first part of the meeting can be bad (announcements,
hot topics, etc.), I'd recommend getting to _any_ meeting at the
starting time, or just a bit late, and then staying as long as its
interesting to one. The "best three hours" are probably noon-3. Your mileage may vary, as
they say.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-11 11:40:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: List of forbidden mathematics? 
Do any of you have a current list of banned mathematics topics handy?
I was reading a number theory book (Rosen) and got worried that I
might be stumbling into some of the areas forbidden to private
I have e-mail in to Professor Denning, author of the Index, for
guidance on what mathematics is and is not allowed, but she has not
yet responded.
Meanwhile, until I hear from her or get a special waiver, I've put the
book away. I'm hoping that Rosen's introductory text is not treated as
"crypto paraphernalia," even though it's sold over the counter at
Computer Literacy, Stacey's, and other such "head shops."
--Tim, getting more worried after the arrests at Amateur Crypto BBS,
where the owners received an unsolicited data packet from Tennessee
and were then prompty arrested by the Data Police
Timothy C. May          | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money, tcmay at netcom.com        |anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero 408-688-5409            | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA   | black markets, collapse of governments.  Higher Power:2**859433  | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.

@_date: 1994-02-13 11:53:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Actively Sabotaging Clipper and Capstone? 
It's becoming more and more evident that the Crypto War has already
started, that the fascists in power have decided to ban the keeping of
secrets and the use of strong crypto by nongovernment folks.
In later messages I will expand on the ways we can actively sabotage
the Clipper/Skipjack/Capstone/MYK-xx/Tessera key escrow systems,
sabotage them with reverse engineering, with the planting of
compromised versions on store shelves, with the publication of
technical specs (such as "someone" did with the dumpster-diving
adventure at Mykotronx--which I've heard freaked out the national
security establishment!), and with the active spreading of
disinformation about the compromise of the key escrow system.
(Not everyone will like this "call to arms." I expect some harsh
responses. But isn't this what we cherish about free speech, the
ability to talk about controversial matters, even something as
controversial (well, not to me, of course) as advocating the overthrow
of the U.S. government?)
How could Clipper be sabotaged?
As a hint of what to expect, imagine the reaction of potential Clipper
users to the reports that BlackNet has already seen the offer of
$200,000 for the family keys? Or for the information leaking out of
VLSI Technology Inc., fabricators of the Mykotronx chip (and the ARM 6
that is part of the key escrow system), that different "family keys"
are being produced for different _countries_ (UK, Japan, etc.). I'm
sure these countries will be thrilled to welcome these chips onto
their shores, knowing that the family keys have already been provided
to the National Security Agency! (Sidebar on U.S. surveillance of Japan: Japan's version of the NSA,
the little talked about Chobetsu, is already advising Japanese chip
makers that the NSA listening sites at Misawa Air Force Base is
heavily targeting economic intelligence. "Yomiuri Shimbun," a large
daily newspaper, reported on 2-29-92 that the NSA and other U.S.
intelligence agencies had stepped up spying activities on Japanese
manufacturing companies, intercepting faxes, voicemail, and ordinary
conversations. Ostensibly, I suppose, this interception is targeted at
detecting evidence of collusion by the keiretsus, arms agreement
violations (recall the Toshiba propeller-machining case), and
shipments of sensitive technology to U.S. adversaries. However, my
contacts in the U.S.  chip industry say the intercepted material is
being used in pricing decisions and in trade negotiation talks, as
with the "20% of your chip purchases must be of U.S. chips, or
else....," and that the Japanese have just in the last 2 years
launched a major effort to secure their faxes, voice lines, and
computer networks against interception by the NSA and their affiliated
eavesdropping compadres (Naval Security Group, Air Force Electronic
Security Command, and Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM),
all of which operate out of large military bases maintained in Japan,
but whose antennas are increasing turned away from Sakhalin Island and
toward the commercial traffic flowing in our major economic opponent.
These are the potential--but not very likely!--customers of Clipjack.)
Methinks the "classifed aspects" of Clipper/Skipjack that Dorothy
Denning recently mentioned (Denning: there are things the goverment
needs to do that it can't tell you about) have largely to do with this
economic espionage. Which is why we're already seeing "family keys"
generated for specific target countries, like Japan, Germany, and
France (our major "enemies" in this new world without our former
enemies). Part of our sabotage of key escrow can be the recruiting of more
Cypherpunks in these targeted countries and the providing of them with
material we find from anonymous sources who forward juicy material
(like the Mykotronx contracts, dates, specs, etc.). We can help create
an attitude of intense skepticism about key escrow, perhaps even
resulting in the widespread repudiation of Clipper use by corporations
in these countries. (For example, how would Toshiba react to the
report that Intel's Flash Memory group was tipped off about the
planned production volumes for Toshiba's 16 Mbit flash? Do you think
Toshiba will be an eager customer for Clipjacked phones from the U.S.?
And key escrow can of course be attacked on "general principles." The
idea that some conversations must be "escrowed" (whether the _keys_
are escrowed or the entire conversation is escrowed for later opening
is a distinction without a difference) is anathema to everything this
country once stood for.
(Key escrow is analogous of course to requiring all Citizen Units of
these Beknighted States to "escrow" their personal letters, diaries,
family album pictures, and kitchen recipes with the local constables.
After all, what if the government "needs" to consult these escrowed
files to see if illegal kiddie porn pictures of one's infants are
being pasted into the photo album, or if seditious thoughts are being
discussed in letters, or if "hateful speech" is being used? As
Professor Denning has pointed out, escrowing of the contents of one's
house does not affect the law-abiding citizen, who has nothing to fear
if he has nothing to hide, and allows law enforcement officers the
needed means of ensuring full compliance with all 17,532 laws now on
the books. Besides, the key escrow systems ensures that safeguards
exist: both the FBI and the Department of Justice will have to agree
before your escrowed diaries, letters, photo albums, and recipes can
be examined. You, of course, will not be notified that this has happened.)
Clipper and Capstone (the data standard that is coming), known also by
various names such as Skipjack, MYK-xx, Tessera, etc., are said to be
"voluntary" standards, but the signs are pointing toward the
outlawing--officially or practically (more on what I mean by this
below)--of alternatives to these Big Brotherish systems:
* Clipper/Capstone/Tessera will be useless in "fighting crime" if the
targets refuse to use them. Even a "dumb criminal" is not going to pay
extra money for an official AT&T "Clipjack" phone....he'll either take
no special precautions whatsoever (a la John Gotti) or his technicians
will set him up with something other than the key escrow system.
* The inevitable "market failure" of Clipperphones ("Reach out and tap
someone") will result in calls for a mandatory standard. We've all
seen this coming ever since the first proposal (and earlier, as I
wrote in my October 1992 piece, "A Trial Balloon to Ban Encryption?")
* The "Digital Data Superhighway" (what a dumb name!) will almmost
certainly attempt to impose various kinds of regulations and rules for
data. You all can speculate on the laws...
* The tax avoidance implications of strong crypto are so profound that
the Feds are undoubtedly panicking about this. (A source tells me that
my "crypto anarchy" schemes, now being talked about by others, and the
subject of articles in various magazines, are being taken seriously be
the Treasury folks and FinCEN, and that they are getting more and more
active in the NSA-NIST-CIA-Justice planning for key escrow,
wiretapping, and surveillance. (Cf. the great article in "Wired," the
December issue (I think--it has Sonic the Hedgehog on the cover), on
FinCEN, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.)
* Speaking of wiretapping, the S.266-based wiretap proposal *has not
gone away*. It will come back bigger and badder than ever. I'm
attaching the description of what's cooking now, based on an article
from yesterday's NYT.
Key escrow, wiretapping, increased surveillance of economic
transactions, FinCEN, the collusion of the credit reporting agencies
with intelligence folks (how do you think 50,000 people in the Witness
Security Program (aka Witness Protection Program) are so well hidden
in this age of computers?), all are changing the equation drastically.
There are more than 700 subscribers to the Cypherpunks list. If only a
handful of us actively sabotage the Clipper/Skipjack system, we may
have a major impact. (Of course, our putting the "penny on the track"
could also produce the train wreck of a complete crackdown on computer
communications, but this is unlikely: the genie's already out of the
bottle, the networks are already too anarchic and too ubiquitous, the
sites are already beyond the control of the U.S. government.
Time to sabotage this whole Big Brother system.
--Tim May
And here's the article, or a summary of it, about the Administration's
ongoing plans to put a goverment wiretap in every network:
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
Lines: 27
first page of the national edition by Edmund L. Andrews, datelined Washington, Feb. 11 with the headline that appears above in the subject line.
I quote two paragraphs:
cable companies to install computer software on their networks that would enable law enforcement agencies to eavesdrop on phone calls and computer transmissions, Clinton Administration officials said today.
Administration on a collision course with both telecommunication companies and civil rights groups.  Industry executives believe any such measure could cost as much as $300 million, so that they would have to seek higher rates from customers.  Civil rights groups argue the measure is largely unnecessary and poses potential threats to privacy."
Bush asked for and did not get.
Peter D. Junger
Case Western Reserve University Law School, Cleveland, OH
Internet:  JUNGER at SAMSARA.LAW.CWRU.Edu -- Bitnet:  JUNGER at CWRU

@_date: 1994-02-13 13:11:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Actively Sabotaging Clipper and Capstone? 
Hey, I've just been told in e-mail that my $200,000 figure for the
Clipper keys (a tape or compilation of the ones that are held in
escrow) is way too low, probably by two orders of magnitude.
Maybe so, as having these keys could mean a lot.
But my point is that nearly any such figure will represent an
incredible temptation. Such is the risk of any centralized system in
which a master key (or set of escrowed keys) unlocks such valuable
And my point is that just the _rumor_ of such a black market may be
enough to destroy what little confidence in Clipjack already exists.
So, let the bidding begin! (But don't send your bids to me,
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-13 18:31:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
(Initially a reply to Sandy alone, but his partners in crime^H^H^H^H^H
may wish to see my responses as well, and the issueof who will use a
"digital bank" are of direct relevance to Cypherpunks as well. Hence
I'm copying the list on this reply.)
Sandy, Good questions!
I may or may not open an account, but how much I put into would be
dependent on the degree of "Swiss"-type services. Probably not many
such services, I am surmising, so it would make little sense for me to
liquidate assets currently in the U.S. to move them into your bank
(if I remained in U.S., no protection. If I left U.S., no _need_ for
your bank).
I think this'll be a cultural problem you guys will face. You can't be
a real digital money bank, in the long-range sense we've talked about.
(Total anonymity, Lichtenstein "anstalt"-type anonymity, digitally
How many users, and of what type, can you expect?
Probably at least a hundred folks on the List will say they plan to
use your bank. Of these, 50 will actually open an account...the rest
will think twice about the repercussions, or will wimp out, or will
just not get around to it.
Unfortunately, most Cypherpunks are of modest means, being students or
just starting out in industry, so the average deposit will be--I
predict--less than $2000. (Most people have not much more than this in
their checking accounts...if they have more, they spend it.)
After the novelty of showing their friends their ATM card from "First
Cyberspace Bank," or whatever, wears off, expect folks to drop out.
The noncognoscenti, the cryptographically challenged, will likely balk
at the crypto aspects, unless they are so well hidden as to thus be of
little interest...you'll just be another credit union or bank. Good
luck, and maybe a reasonable career to pursue, but not a millenial event.
Maybe I'm missing something, but in the space of features that a
digital money system _could_ offer (somday), what I gather you plan to
offer is not sufficiently interesting for "high rollers" to take a
serious interest. Real tax avoiders will move assets in other
ways...the idea of an ATM card and a slight savings on checks or
debits by not having to process paper will not influence them on
matters of this importance.
(BCCI, Castle Bank, Nugan Hand, etc. were not started with deposits
from the proles. Just not enough money in that.)
So, I have a hard time seeing how you'll get a lot of members. But
then, you folks haven't talked much about your actual plans, targeted
classes of customers, plans for dealing with the existing banking laws
(including reporting of transactions), and so on. So perhaps I'm
completely offbase here. It's hard for us to give you feedback when we
know so little about your plans.
But from what I've gathered, I'll open an account just for the novelty
of it and may keep a few thou in it. Maybe less, depending on your
interest rates paid. (I currently write all my checks and do all my
VISA transactions out of an "Active Assets Account" that pays me
interest on a positive balance and charges me a very reasonable
interest rate, near the discount rate, on a negative balance. I use
this account for checks, debit card (VISA), and ATM. And I get a lot
of extra services, like fully computerized summaries of expenditures
and transactions--useful at tax time. Your system had better be nearly
as full-serviced, or the tax avoidance/money laundering services had
better be _damned good_, or why should I bother?
Other folks may have different priorities, but these are mine. (I'm
all for secrecy, but I want true secrecy. The fact that my bank has
full computerized records for me may be _superficially_ "counter
privacy" to some, but all U.S. banks maintain these records anyway,
and these can be inspected by the Feds at any time, without a search
warrant. So I'm happy to get the detailed records.)
Offer a "digital numbered account," with the massive
reputation-related safeguards that would be needed, and a whole new
class of depositors could appear. But also expect massive moves by the
Just my honest opinions. I wish you guys well.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-13 21:01:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Tracking Contacts with Clipper 
A comment in sci.crypt about how Clipper will make it much easier for
the Feds to track who's talking to whom...
This is an important point, which I've seen mentioned a few times over
the past 10 months, but not given nearly enough attention. To wit, if
Clipjack phones are ever used by dissidents, subversives, Cypherpunks,
etc., then the key block that goes out with every call--from both ends
of course--will make recording the identities of both parties trivial.
The "webs of trust" of PGP get replaced by "webs of co-conspirators."
An easy way to track down associates. Further, merely using an
encrypted phone with a "racketeer-influenced" person could conceivably
enmesh one in the conspiracy. (This is merely speculation.)
Whatever happened to the "phone remailer" project? The idea, floated
about 15 months ago by parties who can speak up should they wish to (I
only contributed some ideas, but was not the originator), was to
create commercial phone banks that would scramble the origin and
destination of call. Somewhat like call forwarding schemes (which
wreak havoc with some wiretap procedures) and like the old stand-by of
renting a room and having one phone wired to another phone.
The idea here was to put these capabilities into a central switch and
sell access, various optional services, etc.
Out of the country would be even better. (Did you know that some of
those ee-vil 900 phone sex outfits have moved to non-U.S. locations?
Seems that U.S. law about blocking access, not to mention,
antipornography laws, doesn't apply in places like Tijuana.)
I could see some tie-ins with Voice PGP (the Soundblaster-based
projects supposedly being worked on by several different groups).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-14 02:01:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: alt.steganography 
In this post, I'll first take issue with Xenon's proposal (though he
is of course welcome to pursue what he wishes, natch). And I'll also
briefly mention the Cypherpunks FAQ, which I agreed to do at the
December meeting--and which is urgently needed, I think.
...lots of stuff elided....
Cool your jets, Xenon! :-} Things go up and down in popularity.
Besides, stegonpgraphy is a branch of cryptology, so sci.crypt is a
perfectly fine place to discuss it. Why create a new group that many
cryptologists would then be unaware of, when such a good group already
And the issue you mention above, the quality of random noise sources,
is also an oft-discussed issues here on Cypherpunks and in
sci.crypt...it hardly belongs in "alt.stegonagraphy"! In fact, all of
these issues *are* what crypto is all about: randomness, padding,
traffic analysys, shielding, encryption, number theory, protocols, and
on and on. None of these topics needs its very own discussion group.
(And why not, by the same logic, also create alt.random.numbers,
alt.dining.cryptographers, alt.remailers, alt.digital.money,
alt.voice.pgp, and so on? All of these are of about the same
importance as stegonography. Probably more so, as stegonagraphy is
inherently limited by it being "security through obscurity," which
typically doesn't last very long. Like invisible inks and
microdots--the two compelling examples of past stegonagraphy--once the
secret gets out, the technique rapidly fades in significance.)
Stegonography has been with us for a long time, we've debated it many
times (cf. my post in 1988 in sci.crypt on the LSB method, reprinted a
couple of times), and at least _two_ major stego programs are widely
- JSTEG, for UNIX, in the cypherpunks archives
- Stego, for Macintosh, at various sites, including sumex.stanford.edu
Stego, written by Romana Machado several months back, puts arbitrary
files (up to some max length) into Mac PICT files. Maybe GIFs, too,
though I haven't checked recently. She demoed this at a Cypherpunks
meeting in October or thereabouts. (Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but stripping the PGP header and
footer blocks off to leave on the "random"-looking stuff should be a
fairly trivial exercise, If you know "where" the PGP bits are,
isolating them and then adding back the headers and footers should be
equally trivial. Stealth PGP may indeed be useful, but many new
problems are added. A stealth mode, which strips off the wrapper would
be feasible today, but then one would need "out of band" ways of
letting the recipient know which bits to decrypt.)
Maybe I'm revealing myself as one of the "newbies," but what do you
mean here? Headers and footers all look the same, meaning they are
apparently uncorrelated to the contents (carry no information). I
agree that not having them introduces other problems (knowing which
bits to treat as the PGP message, as above).
I'm not sure who your source was, but be advised that the term
"Stealth PGP" was in use at least a year ago....I heard Kelly Goen or
Phil Zimmermann refer to a future version of PGP with this name. Not
that it really matters a lot, but you ought to be aware that the
designers of PGP were aware of the issues you have raised
recently. Only so much time to get everything done, though.
I say discuss stego in _this_ group, Cypherpunks, or in sci.crypt or
one of the *.security groups (or multiple groups). Too often there's a
rush to spawn new groups and lists when the traffic would be welcome
on existing groups. The the ne groups die of posting starvation. For
example, there was a rush to create a "hardware cypherpunks" mailing
list and a "DC-Nets" mailing list...I haven't heard anything from
either of these groups recently.
Stegonagraphy has its charms, but I doubt that the issues need or
justify a separate group. Ditto for the proposal someone had for a
group devoted to discussion of hardware random number generators.
(Hardware random number generators, TEMPEST shielding, and hiding bits
are some of the sub-branches of crypto that seem to be on a 3-month
cycle of repetitions.)
We really do need a FAQ! (Yes, I'm still working on it. Expect to see something in a month or
six weeks. I'll try to have a Rev. 0.8 done by then.)
I hate to give the impression of snottiness. And I don't want to sound
jaded in the face of Xenon's obvious anxiousness to get rolling.  It's
just that Romana M., for example, put a _huge_ amount of effort into
her Stego program...and it was not met with cymbal crashes of
enthusiasm, either by folks on this list or outside. I suspect this is
because, when you get down to brass tacks, stegonography is just a
backwater of crypto (to mix some methaphors horribly). Once you've
played around with it, what do you actually _use_ it for? (I can
imagine some real uses, but they're contrived exercise, not reflecting
any real need. At least not now.)
Exhorting others to write more programs--or to create
alt.stegonagraphy--isn't always the most helpful style. Detweiler used
to exhort folks to "do more" and, ironically, begged and screamed for
"someone, anyone" to create alt.whistleblowers. Someone did (Miron
Cuperman, I recall), and now the group is essentially barren. It's not
a bad idea to have a whistleblowers group, but its creation was
perhaps a bit premature (not Cuperman's fault, as he just created the
group to satisfy Detweiler and to shut him up, I suspect). I fear
alt.stegonagraphy would similarly wither, once the initial enthusiasm
wore off.
I happen to agree that transmitting bits in the LSBs of sound and
image files gives "plausible deniability" to users of crypto. Work
should continute on this. I just don't see much urgency for getting
the capability widespread _right now_, especially not when the
practical difficulties of using PGP (discussed many times) mean most
of us are rarely using it at all!
Plenty of higher priority projects, in my opinion. But since we're an
anarchy of individualists, those who think stegonagraphy deployment is
of high priority should go ahead and pursue it. My advice is to discuss it here, or on sci.crypt. If the volume is
consistently high for at least several months, that's the time to
think about creating a special group or list for it.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-14 09:13:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Typo in article I quoted 
Jay Freeman has informed me that the recent NYT article mentioned in
a talk.politics.crypto posting I quoted contained an obvious typo:
"9/12/94" instead of "2/12/94."
Ordinarily this would be of no consequence, but Jay points out--quite
properly--that I have a well-known penchant, not to be confused with
my well-known pynchont, for using fictional accounts of happenings for
satirical effect. The inclusion of a _future_ date was merely a typo,
not a hint at satire.
So, the article really did appear, or so said the talk.politics.crypto
article. (We out here on the beach have to visit our nearest bookstore
to actually get a copy of that there New York City paper.)
And today's Safire article, provided by Duncan Frissell, is a
compelling critique. Admiral Bobby must be really fuming now.

@_date: 1994-02-14 09:41:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Precedent for PGP legality 
Mike Ingle (whose post I am replying to) or Charles Johnston (whose
Yes, this is well-known and is mentioned, I believe, in the PGP docs.
Private use for experimental purposes, or for the purposes of
improving an invention, are recognized legit uses. Implementing RSA as
a class project or textbook problem is common, and RSADSI will not
bother with such cases. (Nor has RSADSI bothered any users of PGP, if
truth be told, unless they were involved in the hassling of Zimmermann
vis-a-vis the grand jury investigation...which hasn't been established
one way or another.)
Where it gets dicey is when people are using an invention in a way
that circumvents the patent rights of the inventor. The common use of
PGP is clearly for communication, for most people, not for study on
their home machines of how the algorithm works, how it might be
improved, etc.
I'm not arguing RSADSI's side, merely pointing out that calling the
growing use of PGP for communication and the signing of articles an
"experiment" is misleading, and even disingenuous. Not to sound like
Sterno here, but I think the lawyers here will back me up on this.
Now maybe the RSA patents are invalid, maybe the fact that public
money was used to support the researches at Stanford and MIT that led
to public key and RSA means "we" own the patents (not supported by
decisions, though), etc. In any case, I think PGP is the best thing that has ever happened to
the popularity of RSA and RSADSI, and I have told Jim Bidzos this.
The "cloud" of P-K and RSA patents begins to expire in 1997 or 1998
and the last of the original five expires in 2002. The five patents
have been listed several times here and many times in sci.crypt, so
watch that space for details--or rummage through your archived mail.
RSADSI has tried to ensure its future licensing revenue stream by
acquiring other patents. It recently bought the "Schnorr" patent,
which apparently covers the DSS/DSA digital signature algorithm. This
patent will run until 2010 or later, I gather.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-14 11:01:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CARD FRAUD AND COMPUTER EVIDENCE...an article to read 
There's an amazing article in talk.politics.crypto called "CARD FRAUD
AND COMPUTER EVIDENCE" which I urge all of you to read. It's 300 lines
long, so I'm not attaching it here.
It's about a case in England that just concluded. A police constable
complained to his local bank (a "building society") that 6 ATM
withdrawals on his record were not made by him.
The bank checked its "security" procedures and concluded that all was
OK and that the man was lying. He was then charged with a crime and
the case went to trial.
The expert witness on computer security and cryptography, Ross
Anderson, the author of the article, has some chilling things to say
about the almost primitive level of security in the bank-ATM system.
He clearly believed the defendant (the constable) was sincere in his
claims and that someone had defeated the primitive security system.
If you don't read the article, I'll summarize the outcome here.
Spoilers follow, so exit now if you don't want to see them.
The man was found guilty of making a false claim (or whatever the
precise charge was). This despite his 19 years with the police (not a
ringing endorsement to some of us, but you know what I mean) and the
ample evidence that many avenues existed for others to have forged his
card and gotten his PIN. In fact, the bank had not bothered to
investigate several hundred previous anomalies....apparently because
these cases had never gotten into a courtroom!
The man is now facing the loss of his constable job, the loss of his
pension, the resulting loss of his house in all probability, and
whatever criminal penalties are handed out.
The lessons for Cypherpunks are not clear, but this story makes for a
compelling read. I suspect there are some real lessons.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-14 19:11:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Detweiler abuse again 
I support Hal's proposal that as many remailer operators as possible
attempt to filter Detweiler's postings. All it will take for Detweiler
to get through is one who doesn't filter, and who supports encryption,
but this will still make it harder for folks like Detweiler to abuse
the system.
Cryptographically speaking, in a sense, there is no such thing as
"abuse." That is, we can't wring our hands and ask the "authorities"
to "do something." That's the old way of looking at things.
The new way is to use filters, to have postage paid mailers (someday),
and to have users do filtering of their own. Filtering those who
"abuse" the systems we have is just part of the "reputation system" we
are pushing for.
A few comments on Hal's posting:
Needless to say, it wasn't me who posted this. Ironically, I've never
posted it to Cypherpunks, either. I sent it out to several folks prior
to a nanotech meeting, to make some points about the impossibility of
bottling up the knowledge of how to do nanotechnology (someday), and
apparently one of the recipients sent it through a remailer to
Cypherpunks. From there, it went out to several other lists and
Life in the age of cyberspace.
...much stuff deleted...
This certainly seems to be the case. Detweiler is apparently devoting
his entire life to this sort of nonsense. He keeps escalating the
level of attack.
Yes, things are very serious. He'll probably change remailers and will
likely pick other articles from Cypherpunks he thinks will do maximum
damage, either in spreading views the recipients will be shocked by,
or just in using the remailers to mailbomb them and thus increase the
pressure to (somehow) shut the remailers down.
Should we "tone down" our speculations and scenarios? Probably too
late, anyway, as Detweiler already has dozens of controversial posts
he can use...the "Secrets of Stealth" post comes to mind, as well as
many of the calls to arms and proposals for digital money for tax
evasion. In any case, I don't think we should let his abuses stifle
our free discussion of ideas and plans. That would be conceding defeat
and adopting a wimp's outlook. Best that we learn to deal with it in
other ways.
As serious as this is, we knew this kind of concerted attack on the
remailer network was going to happen eventually.
My condolences to Hal and the other operators for having to face this
new threat. Maybe we can learn from it and emerge stronger.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-14 21:01:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Detweiler abuse again 
First, the BlackNet piece dates from last fall, when Det was still on
the list (he asked to be removed in November or thereabouts).
Second, he may be subscribed under one of several aliases. I think
not, though.
Third, apparently someone is forwarding to him some or all of the
posts. Probably just some, would be my guess.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-14 21:07:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Detweiler abuse again 
It's really not censorship for Hal or any other remailer operator to
say _his_ machines, accounts, reputation, etc., will be used to mail
death threats to whitehouse.gov, for example, or mailbombs to
newsgroups and mailing lists.
(I'll concede that I sometimes use the word "censorship" in this same
sense Derek was using it, as in "Apple is censoring its employees." I
suppose we need a word for this sense, the non-government censorship
But semantics aside, "there ain't no such thing as a free lunch," and
part of the evolutionary development of remailers and anonymous
systems will include various "non-ideal" intermediate stages. Until we
have digital postage, for example, the recipient of Detweiler's
mailbombs has to pay for them. This is a contributing factor that
points to the need to filter at the input to the remailer.
(Note that this filtering is not happening at Detweiler's machine, or
with armed goons going to his house to stop him, etc.)
In Chaum's DC-Net, "disruption" is the problem he devotes most of his
attention to. Not the basic idea, which is explicated in the first few
pages of the paper ("The Dining Cryptographers Problem," Journal of
Cryptology, Vol 1 No 1, 1988), but the implications of a malicious
disruptor intent on shutting the DC-Net down.
What we have in Detweiler is just the first instance of such a
disruptor in our (limited) version of a DC-Net.
With all due respect to my colleague Derek, with whom I agree in many
ways, saying we don't believe in censorship is not an answer.
Derek's further comments about some kind of receipt that comes
back....I'll have to think about that further. My hunch is that that
may break the total anonymity (that we strive for as a principle) and
should be avoided. I'd recommend we all go back and look at the
DC-Nets paper. This paper, by the way, was scanned in and OCRed by the
"Information Liberation Front" (another one of Detweiler's faves) and
is available, last time I checked, in the Cypherpunks archives at
Yes, but Hal has not obligation to accept messages from known
disruptors, any more than you have an obligation to "never censor"
people by keeping them out of your house.
Long term, users will have to learn ot have "positive reputation"
filters, or to hire their own screeners or moderators, but in the
short term, Detweiler's mail bombing of dozens of lists with posts
about Nazis, BlackNet, kiddie porn (I predict this next), and tax
evasion will almost certainly result in most of all of the remailers
being shut down by legal pressures.
No simple solutions.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-14 22:51:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Detweiler abuse again 
^ not I meant of course "will not be used."
This mental slip of leaving out a "not," especially when I mean it
vehemently ("will NOT be used"), has happened to me several times on
this list and on Extropians. Normally I don't correct minor spellung
errurs, but in this case this could be misinterpreted with disastrous
effects (by someone wishing to do so).
Sorry for the bandwidth.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-15 11:45:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Difficulty of Source Level Blocking 
It's broken in the larger sense that Eric mentioned: costs are not
incurred by posters. This is not just a problem with remailers, but
with the growing numbers of "Make.Money.Fast" and "Allah is Coming!"
sorts of posts. Think about it.
Well, this blocking is what Hal is doing, and he proposed that others
do the same, so I don't get your "alternative."
Not this easy. To see this, imagine the following scenario:
Alice chooses not to block Detweiler (for example). Bob, Charles,
Dorothy, decide to block Detweiler. Alice receives a message from
Detweiler, strips off the headers in the normal way, passes the
*encrypted* body (remember that many remailers support PGP and that
this is in fact the preferred mode, long term) to Bob, who has
absolutely no idea the body message he sees (encrypted further....) is
a message from Detweiler. Bob does the header stripping and remailing
to Charles, and so on. Eventually, Zeke sends the message on to its
final destination. Only at the last stage, in this example, does Zeke realize--if he
bothers to look at the message body, presumably now in plaintext (but
not necessarily)--that the message is a threat, a flame, a "Yahweh is
Coming!" message, or whatever.
Thus, so long as at least *one* remailer is not doing source
screening, and that at least some encryption is used (not all nodes
have to do it, obviously), then source-level screening will not work.
Unless, of course, Alice, Bob, Charles, etc. all agree to "work
backwards" to trace a sender. This dire situation, counter to
everything we want in remailers, would then allow the rest of the
remailers to add _Alice_ to their list of blocked sources. Because she
didn't play ball and didn't block Detweiler. A slow process, and one
that could also be thwarted by, say, Fred, who refuses "on principle"
to keep logs, collude with the other remailers, etc.
No, source-level blocking is a reasonable short term fix for the
present challenge from Detweiler, but is not a long term solution. We
can block Detweiler temporarily, because there are so few remailers,
so little use of chained encryption, etc., but he and others will find
I agree here that remailers may organize themselves into
"cooperatives," groups which make common assumpions about what
policies to follow. Thus, in my example, eventually Alice would be
excluded from the group, for not blocking Detweiler in the first
place. But it gets real messy real fast. Does Alice not accept
encrypted messages from "unknown" sources? (For example, it would be
possible for Detweiler to contract with Joe User to have him forward a
single message, then have Sue Foo forward his next message, etc. In
other words, source-blocking fails so long as a remailer accepts
encrypted messages.)
Very long term, when message costs are borne by the sender, this
problem goes away. (Others remain, such as death threats, extortion,
markets for murder, etc., but they're in a different category.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-15 13:19:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Simplified Digital Postage--Proposal 
In the aftermath of the "Valentine's Day Massacre," the need for some
form of digital postage is more apparent than ever. In this note, I
propose an extremely simple system, based on the selling of numbers as
"coupons," redeemable for "passage" through a remailer. A more
sophisticated system based on true digital cash, perhaps based on
Magic Money," is more desirable, but almost anything is better that
the current system. (Well, not _anything_.)
Seeing the huge list of newsgroups that Detweiler attempted to post
to, I conclude that some form of "rate-limiting" function is needed.
In general, not just for Detweiler in particular.
Not posting quotas, not even source-level blocking (though in Det's
case, this is justified as a stop-gap measure), and not even "outgoing
moderation" (in which someone like Hal would scan the plaintext of
outgoing messages, briefly, to see if the text was malicious,
dangerous, etc.--not a great idea, for many reasons).
I propose remailers immediately adopt some form of digital
money/postage, even if current instantiations are not fully debugged
or optimized. "Magic Money" may be ready for such a trial use.
- causes those who wish to "flood" (cf. Hal's huge list) to at least
pay for the flooding
- is an immmediate use for a crude form of digtial money, a test bed
for ideas and a stimulus for new features, improvements
- is "voluntary": those remailers who don't wish to bother with this
digital postage can then get the heavy volume of flooders!
- subtle flaws in digital money protocols (and I doubt "Magic Money"
is completely free of subtle or not-so-subtle flaws...everything needs
debugging and evolutionary learning) will not be so serious when only
"postage" is involved. As opposed to "real money" situations, where
finding a way to break or spoof the protocol could result in large
amounts of money being lost. At least with digital postage, about the
worst that could happen is someone gets free remailing--the current situation.
- the experimental use would take place with "remailer-savvy" users,
which is better than trying to educate the outside world at this time
- and of course, a charge of, say, $2.00 in real money (send in $20,
get bact 10 remailer "stamps" of some form, suitably anonymized
through a blinding procedure a la Chaum) would mean that posting to 20
newsgroups would be a nontrivial expense for a would-be flooder.
(Actual rates would vary, as determined by the market and by the
willingness of a remailer operator to put up with the kinds of hassles
Hal is now seeing. I won't presume to speculate on the likely price of
a stamp. It would depend on the destination. I know, for example, that
I'd be willing--if I ran a remailer--to remail small items to single
destinations for a lower fee, perhaps for free, than I would to mail
large items to mail-to-Usenet gateways!)
How ready is Magic Money for a test-bed use like this?
How willing are remailers to try this? Both Hal Finney and Karl Barrus
have code for remailers (Karl's is more recent, Hal's is in wide use).
Could their code be modified easily to accomodate a primitive form of
Could such stamps be sold in a reasonable way? Simple-minded approach to digital postage stamps: In my simplistic
view, which I proposed a while back, stamps are merely 20- or 30-digit
numbers. Imagine someone going to a Cypherpunks meeting with a box of
these numbers, printed on slips of paper. For $10, say, one can reach
in to this box and take out, say, 20 stamps.  The seller doesn't know
who got what stamps, so long as enough are sold, and he "honors" a
stamp when the appropriate number is included in a message. For
::Stamp 29038571037489236478380016283
::Request-Remailing-To: foo.bar
The stamp selling process could be computerized, but more
sophisticated means of ensuring tracking is not done would have to be
use (e.g., blinding, or multiple resellers).
Can random guesses be made? Not feasible, with 20- or 30-digit
Can the stamp seller repudiate or not honor a number so as to cheat
the purchaser? Sure, but that's not a viable long term business. And
word would get out. Some folks might report regularly on "remailer
reliability," a la the "ping" reports several folks have issued.
Reputations matter.
Can the same number be used twice? Not if the remailer removes the
number from his list of "sold" numbers. (This assumes each number or
stamp is specific to some remailer, the easiest case to handle. Having
"global" stamps complicates things greatly and introduces the expected
issues of database synchronization, clearinghouses, fraud, etc. This
is why "coupons" are easier to make than "currency."
What do you folks think? Seems to me we could deploy a fairly simple
digital postage system quickly. This could begin to immediately cut
down on flooding attacks on the remailers.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-15 13:31:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Difficulty of Source Level Blocking 
Some problems will be lessened, some will remain. Nothing is perfect,
but digital postage is certainly a step in the right direction....it
at least makes the process of posting and mailing less "free" than it
currently is. (As to why remailing should _not_ be free, I'll not get
into this political issue here. Suffice it to say that nothing is
completely free--someone pays. Right now, the remailer operators are
eating the costs.)
A "problem" we can't solve. Placing a ad in a newspaper costs 10 bucks
or so, for example. Does this "disenfranchise" the poor? Does the fact
that Bill Gates could probably buy the nation's five largest papers
mean that ads should be free? Paid for by whom? I can't pursue this
topic any further here--it's too political for the list to have to bear.
Agreed, it doesn't solve all problems. And part of the problem lies in Usenet itself, as we have been
discussing. The "broadcast" model, without any form of postage along
the way, means that any message can in principle be sent to thousands
of sites (though dial-in users are of couse not obligated to read
these posts, and hence don't have to incur expenses). I fully agree that no single price for a "stamp" could wipe out the
problem. Even setting the price at $100 would be insufficient for a
determined disruptor to find the juiciest exmaple of child porn and
then pay the $100 to have it remailed to a site or newsgroup which
would almost certainly guarantee massive repercussions. This could be
child porn, pet torture (recall the "Kitty in a Blender" posts on
rec.pets a year or so back), detailed military secrets, personal
dossiers on a leading government official, whatever.
No one has claimed this. All that has been claimed is that it raises
the costs of flooding a bit. A step in the right direction.
Long range, Usenet will likely be restructured in some way so that
users choose what they wish to receive.
Actually, I think the "volume" arguements--that Detweiler consumed too
much volume--are wrong-headed. His posts added infinitesimally to the
hundreds of megabytes a day flowing throught the system. I looked at
the newsgroups Hal mentioned that the BlackNet piece went out to, and
the posts were lost in the noise. Granted, they were "off subject,"
but so are a lot of posts.
I'm not minimizing the downsides, just pointing out that the angry
reactions were more likely related to the subject material itself and
the total irrelevance to the "diabetes" and "frg" groups than to the
slight increase in volume the posts caused.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-15 15:11:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Difficulty of Source Level Blocking 
OK, this issue just keeps coming up again and again! I fully concede,
and have never maintained otherwise, that charging 25 cents or a
dollar or whatever for digital postage will stop Detweiler or anyone
else for posting an "inappropriate" message to an individual, a list,
a newsgroup, or even many newsgroups. What I maintain is that, absent
such digital postage, flooding of many newsgroups is just too damned
cheap. Remailers are even't needed, as the "Jesus is Coming" posts so
clearly show. This is the "Usenet in its current form is broken"
But we can't change the whole world overnight. What we _can_ do is
experiment with things like digital postage. I maintain that this is a
useful step, not a total solution.
And keep in mind that the issue of us not liking what Detweiler has to
say, or the readers of sci.health.diabetes not liking a "Welcome to
BlackNet" posting in their newsgroup is NOT SOLVABLE by us. Pleenty of
posts I don't like, and plenty of posts of mine are doubtless disliked
by others. What's an "annoying" post and what's a "legitimate and
useful" post is in the eye of the beholder.
What Detweiler writes is up to him and to the newsgroups that choose
to accept what he writes (no moderation) and to the pricing structure
that results in the subsidization of these postings. Where *we* get
involved is in the practical issue of minimizing short term damage to
our remailers (to the owners, too).
I hope I'm making myself clear:
- we can't hope to filter annoying posts from legitimate and useful
- there is probably no conceivable standard for this
- government censorship is not a solution Cypherpunks will support
- ideally, recipients will decide what they wish to receive, or at
least will not have to pay for mail they don't want.
(This is the situation with the Post Office today---imagine if you had
to pay the Federal Express charges on packages sent to you
unsolicited, and the sender had to pay nothing at all to send
them....that's roughly the system we have today with Usenet. It mostly
works because others (universities, corporations, grants,
cross-subsidies) are footing the bill. But ask anyone who has to pay
25 cents per mail message what he thinks of getting mailbombed.)
- digital postage will *not* fix the problems of abusive and
inappropriate message (see points above)--nothing will, save for
censorship or screening at some point
- but digital postage may reduce some types of flooding
- and it gets us started in a real and easy-to-understand application
of untraceable digital cash
I call these some good reasons to explore this further. And such a
system is likelier to be the basis for a "next generation Usenet" than
idle speculations about new features.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-16 04:25:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Pynchon as roadkill on the digital superhighway 
Yes, I did. The point of getting the address is because I discovered
he lived in Aptos, CA, same as I do. (My source saw my W.A.S.T.E.
reference and assumed I was merely making a joke....he was surprised
to learn I actually live in Aptos, and then volunteered the NLETS
His house was (rumors that he's been back on the East Coast for the
past couple of years) about 3-4 miles from my house, less as the crow flies.
I shot a dozen or so photos of the house and surrounding countryside,
for my scrapbook and for that of the source.
Not a fried chicken stand.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-16 11:35:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Precedent for PGP legality 
"Just starting to thaw"? Have you checked recently? As recently as
last Friday night, when I talked to Phil on the phone, the polar
icecap was small by comparison.
About Phil having worked something out, you are very misinformed. What
Phil did was to do an end-run arount RSA's objections, and without
RSA's foreknowledge, by working with ViaCrypt, which has already
obtained its own license. Reports are that Bidzos was furious, but
nothing could be done. (I haven't talked to Bidzos since last April,
so of course I can't confirm his side. I have confirmed this in talks
with Phil.)
About any RSA involvement with the Grand Jury issue, RSA was
interviewed and was copied on memos written by the investigators,
according to copies obtained (legally) by Phil Zimmermann. What this
means is anyone's guess, but it ought to be borne in mind.
I don't necessarily view Bidzos as an agent of the AntiChrist as some
do, but things are definitely complicated and soap operish. The "Phil
and Jim Show" has a few more episodes.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-16 11:55:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: money maker 
This is a really neato idea!
In fact, here's a way to make even more money this way (sung to the
tune of "Mo Money, Mo Money, Mo Money"):
- set yourself as this "crypto intermediary"
- take the plaintext offered by your tax-evading clients, do the
encryption, etc., etc.
- after several million buck's worth of transactions have flowed
through your system, go to the Internal Revenue Service and report
that you are "shocked, simply shocked" at what appears to you to be a
violation of U.S. tax laws
- be sure to demand your 25% fee--25% or more of the amount the IRS
ultimately collects goes to the whistleblower.
I cite this not as a flame against Gary (nothing wrong with
speculation) but as a cautionary note against trusting others to act
as your "agents."
There may be a role for discreet (and discrete, too) financial
advisors, and some may be involved in money laundering and tax
evasion--after all, it happens all around us. But they are also weak
links and can turn in their clients for finder's fees and in cutting
their own deals with the Feds to avoid jail time.
I don't expect too many Cypherpunks will be able to find clients this
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-17 12:35:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Sociology of UNSUBSCRIBING 
About half a dozen messages like this one are posted here every week:
Despite this, every day there are several "Unsubscribe me, NOW!"
messages, with various degrees of politeness.
Folks, I am not going to repeat the instructions again. This is
becuase of the following conclusions I have reached:
1. The list is divided into two basic classes of readers: those who
read some or all of the messages, and those who skip most articles and
don't pay attention to what they read.
2. Those who read many of the messages then see these instructions
over and over again.
3. Those who don't read the messages, don't see or understand or have
a general clue about the instructions.
4. It is usually these folks who want off the list urgently. As others
have noted so many times, they have no clue as the general netiquette
for getting on and off lists (apparently even forgetting that they got
ON the list by sending a request to "cypherpunks-request at toad.com").
MAJOR CONCLUSION: All of the "helpful" instructions, including this
very message, are useless, as the folks who need to receive them are
demonstrably not bothering to receive them.
Draw your own conclusions.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-17 14:20:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Enuf is enuf! 
Hey. like, I pay to read what's on this list, and, like, I'm getting
really tired of fuck-wads ranting about their being too much ranting,
and, like, you know, I'm like not going to take it anymore. Read me?
---end of all-too-common rant---
Explanation of above rant: I'm not singling my colleague Bruce out for
criticism, but this business of people complaining that the List is
straying from what _they_ want to hear about that day is
wrong-headed. Especially stuff about "I pay to read this list and...."
The recent "flames" about Detweiler have been about the extremely
important issues of remailer policy, handling of mailbombs, options
for screening, advisability of screening and blocking, etc. The
discussion has been remarkably free of flames qua flames against poor
Larry himself, as 90% of us take it as a given that he's gone 'round
the bend.
The List talks about what people write about, period.
The current discussion about remailer policy, source screening, pros
and cons of these views, etc., is a whole lot more timely and relevant
than discussing "cryptography," if by cryptography one means the
eights rehashing of DES, the fifteenth debate about sources of random
numbers, or the twenty-third explanation of how PGP works.
Meanwhile, anyone is free to raise new issues. Or even old ones. Those
who want to respond, will. The democratic market in action.
But please don't attempt to "shame" others into not talking about some
subject just because it's not what you want to hear about that day.
Just delete messages you don't want to see. If, for some reason, you
have to pay some outrageous amount per message (as Prodigy and others
have been known to do), then this list is probably not for you.
Or find a better Internet provider.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-18 12:36:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Someone yanking your chain? (rather than LD`s account...) 
Lots of folks write the same way. Short messages just don't carry
enough stylistic information. In any case, I had a few dealings with
Steve Dempsey in private e-mail (once when I complained, once when he
asked my views on a post by LD) and this claim that Detweiler = Depsey
is just, too, well, "detweileresque" for me. If it was a subtle form
of humor for the tentacles...
Probably a chron job, set to auto-post the FAQ every several weeks.
This is the norm with FAQs.
And though Perry M. has cited the flaws in this FAQ, I think it serves
a need that is not being met by anyone else. Perhaps Perry would like
to write a better FAQ---this is not a dig at my friend Perry, just a
call that we not condemn something when the flaws are relatively minor and
nothing better exists or is likely to exist anytime soon.
Frankly, I would hate to see Detweiler's loss of his account
privileges (which was justified after his forgeries, mailbombs, and
threats) also mean the loss of the FAQ....eventually that chron job,
if indeed that's what's being used to post the FAQ, will presumably
need a human account at the other end for authorizaiton. Maybe not.
Steve can speak for himself, if he's on the list, but there are
several plausible reasons for his interest:
- he got interested in the subject here
- he wants to see what we have to say about folks like Detweiler
- he is concerned about what we are doing and wants to collect input
- other reasons
In any case, the list is "open" and includes gateways into other sites
and lists, so it's a fact that all sorts of folks--reporteres, spooks,
administrators, etc.--are subscribing.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-18 12:41:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
I withdraw my comments, then.
I guess I was under the mistaken impression that Sandy was asking _us_
for what _our_ concerns were.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-20 12:36:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Blacknet worries 
Hal Finney makes some comments about the dangers (I call them
benefits) of systems like "BlackNet," the hypothetical-but-inevitable
entity I described last fall. These dangers/benefits have been
apparent to me since around 1988 or so and are the main motivator of
my interest in "crypto-anarchy," the set of ideas that I espouse.
(I don't often dwell on them on this list, partly because I already
have in the past, and in the "Crypto-Anarchist Manifesto" and other
rants at the soda.berkeley.edu archive site, and partly because the
Cypherpunks list is somewhat apolitical...apolitical in the sense that
we have libertarians, anarcho-syndicalists, anarcho-capitalists,
Neo-Pagans, Christian Fundamentalists, and maybe even a few
unreconstructed Communists on the List, and espousing some particular
set of beliefs is discouraged by common agreement.)
However, since Hal has raised some issues, and the general issues of
data havens, anonymous information markets, espionage, and other
"illegal" markets have been raised, I'll comment. Besides, volume on
the List has been awfully light the past few days. Maybe it's my mail
delivery system slowing down, maybe it's the Olymics (I say put Tonya
up on the gold medalist's platform, put the gold medal around her neck,
then the noose, then kick the platform out from under her), or maybe
it's the natural exhaustion of the last set of hot topics.
First, a legal caveat. I openly acknowledge having written the
BlackNet piece--proof is obvious. But I did *not* post it to
Cypherpunks, nor to any other mailing lists and certainly not to
Usenet. Rather, I dashed it off one night prior to a nanotechnology
discussion in Palo Alto, as a concrete example of the coming future
and how difficult it will be to "bottle up" new technologies (a point
Hal alludes to). I sent this note off to several of my associates, via
anonymous remailers, so as to make the point in a more tangible way. I
also printed out copies and passed them out at the nanotech meeting,
which was around last September or so.
Someone decided to post this (through a remailer) to the Cypherpunks
list. Kevin Kelly and John Markoff told me they've seen it on numerous
other lists and boards, and of course Detweiler has recently posted it
to dozens of newsgroups (though it got cancelled and only the "echoes"
remain in most places...a few folks forwarded copies to ohter sites,
with comments, so they were not affected by the cancellation message).
My legal protection, my point here, is that I did not post the
BlackNet piece, it does not exist as an actual espionage or data haven
entity, and my point was rhetorical and is clearly protected by the
First Amendment (to the Constitution of the country in which I
nominally reside).
On to Hal Finney's points:
Yes, military intelligence will become much more "fungible" in the
future I envision. It already is, of course, a la the Walkers, but
computer-mediated markets and secure encryption will make it so much
more efficient and liquid. Buyers will be able to advertise their
wants and their prices. Ditto for sellers. Of course, decoys,
disinformation, and the like come to the fore.
To pick a trivial example, someone sits above a busy port and watches
ship movements from the privacy of his apartment. He summarizes these,
then sells them for a paltry-but-comfortable $3000 a month to some
other nation. (The ease of doing this means others will get into the
market. Prices will likely drop. Hard to predict the final
prices...the beauty of free markets.)
Yes, Hal's point is valid. William Gibson, so reviled in some
cyberpunk quarters (it's tres chic to bash him) anticipated this some
years back in "Count Zero," in which the scientists of a company are
held isolated on a mesa in New Mexico--recall the rescue/escape by
ultralight aircraft off the mesa?
The motivation for thinking about BlackNet, which is what I dubbed
this capability in late 1987, was a discussion with the late Phil
Salin that year about his as-yet-unfunded company, "AMIX," the
American Information Exchange. I played the Devil's Advocate and
explained why I thought corporate America--his main target for
customers--would shun such a system. My thinking?
- corporations would not allow employees to have corporate accounts,
as it would make leakage of corporate information too easy
(Example: "We will pay $100,000 for anyone who knows how to solve the
charge buildup problem during ion implant of n-type wafers." Many
corporations spend millions to solve this, others never did. A
"market" for such simple-to-answer items would revolutionize the
semiconductor industry--but would also destroy the competitive
advantage obtained by those who first solved the problems. Another
example, from earlier on, is the alpha particle problem plaguing
memory chips. I figured out the problem and the solution in 1977, at
Intel, and then Intel kept it a deep secret for the next year,
allowing its competitors to wallow in their soft error problems for
that entire year. When I was eventually allowed to publish--a decision
made for various reasons--the competitors raced for the telephones
even before I'd finished presenting my paper! Imagine how much I
could've sold my "expertise" for in the preceding year--or even after.
Of course, Intel could have deduced who was selling what, by various
intelligence-copunterintelligence ploys familiar to most of you
(canary traps, barium, tagged info). But the point is still clear: an
information market system like AMIX means "digital moonlighting," a
system corporations will not lightly put up with.
If information markets spread, even "legit" ones like AMIX (not
featuring anonymity), I expect many corporations to make
non-participation in such markets a basis for continuing employment.
(The details of this, the legal issues, I'll leave for later
Yes, which is why I always used to use "B-2 Stealth Bomber blueprints
for sale" as my canonical example of a BlackNet ad. Hundreds of folks
at Northrup had access to various levels of B-2 secrets. The "problem"
for them was that military intelligence (Defense Intelligence Agency,
Office of Naval Intelligence, CIA, NDA, etc.) was watching them (and
they knew this) and monitoring the local bars and after-work hangouts.
Read "The Falcon and the Snowman," or rent the movie, for some details
on this.
Anonymous markets completely change the equation!
(By the way, many other "tradecraft" aspects of espionage are
similarly changed forever....and probably already have been changed.
Gone will be the messages left in Coke cans by the side of the road,
the so-called "dead drops" so favored by spies for communicating
microfilm, microdots, and coded messages. What I call "digital dead
drops" already allow nearly untraceable, unrestricted communication.
After all, if I can use a remailer to reach St. Petersburg.... Or if I
can place message bits in the LSB of a image and then place this on
Usenet for world-wide distribution..... (I described this in my first
message on using LSBs of audio and picture files in 1988, in
sci.crypt). The world has already changed for the spy. And Mafia guys
on the run are using CompuServe to communicate with their wives...the
Feds can't tap these ever-changing systems....a likely motivation for
current Clipper/Capstone/Tessera/Digital Telephony schemes.)
Yep! That's the beauty of it all. "Classified classifieds," so to
speak. "No More Secrets." At least, no more secrets that you don't
keep yourself! (A subtle point: crypto-anarchy doesn't mean a "no
secrets" society; it means a society in which individuals must protect
their own secrets and not count on governments or corporations to do
it for them. It also means "public secrets," like troop movements and
Stealth production plans, or the tricks of implaniting wafers, will
not remain secret for long.)
Yes. All of this is true.
We went around several times on the Extropians list (which I am no
longer on, by the way--for unrelated reasons), especially with regard
to what most folks consider an even more disturbing use of
BlackNet-type services: liquid markets for killings and extortion. Pun
intended. Buyers and sellers of "hits" can get in contact anonymously,
place money (digicash) in escrow with "reputable escrow services"
("Ace's Anonymous Escrow--You slay 'em, we pay 'em"), and the usual
methods of stopping such hits fail.
(The Mob rarely is stopped, as they use their own hitters, usually
brought if from distant cities for just the one job. And reputations
are paramount. Amateurs usually are caught because they get in contact
with potential hitters by "asking around" in bars and the
like...and somebody calls the cops and the FBI then stings 'em.
Anonymous markets, digital cash, escrow services, and reputation
services all change the equation dramatically. If the hit is made, the
money get transferred. If the hit is not made, no money is
transferred. In any case, the purchaser of the hit is fairly safe.
Implication of the purchaser can still happen, but by means other than
the usual approach of setting up a sting.)
Yes, if I could think all this stuff up in 1987-8, so can a lot of
others. It was clear to me, at the Crypo Conference in 1988, that
David Chaum had thought of these uses and was deliberately navigating
around them in his scenarios for digicash. He just raised his eyebrows
and nodded when I discussed a few of the less fearsome applications.
To the governments of the world, facing these and other threats to
their continued ways of doing business (notice that I didn't say "to
their continued existence"), the existence of strong encryption in the
hands of the population is indeed a mortal threat.
They'll cite the "unpopular" uses: kiddie porn nets, espionage,
selling of trade secrets (especially to "foreigners"), the bootlegging
of copyrighted material, "digital fences" for stolen information,
liquid markets in liquidations, and on and on. They won't mention a
basic principle of western civilization: that just because _some_
people mis-use a technology that is no reason to bar others.
Just because some people mis-use camcorders to film naked children is
no reason to ban cameras, camcorders, and VCRs. Just because some
folks mis-use free speech is no reason to ban free speech. And just
because some will mis-use encryption--in the eyes of government--is
not a good reason to ban encryption.
In any case, it's too late. The genie's nearly completely out of the
bottle. National borders are just speed bumps on the information
The things I've had in my .sig for the past couple of years are coming.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-22 10:43:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: the black budget 
Yes, but this time around the forces of King George (Bush) did a
little bit better. Whether we, the CryptoMinuteMen (not a sexual slur)
can do better is still up in the air.

@_date: 1994-02-22 10:49:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Mac encryption 
MacPGP, available by anonymous ftp from the soda.berkeley.edu site, is
the only one I know of using public key methods, and hence the only
one of real interest to Cypherpunks.
Commerical products (like the various "Kent Marsh" products) are
mostly DES-or-weaker and are oriented toward local file protection.
(MacPGP will do that, too, of course).
About six or seven years ago I bought "Sentinel," from SuperMac, and
used it a few times. The problems were obvious: lack of other users
(so my friends couldn't receive or send), and the symmetric cipher
nature (we had to share keys for a message). Public key systems based
on PGP have solved both problems (though problems of convenience
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-22 13:38:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Disinformation (or the Truth?) About Clipper 
How should Clipper be sabotaged and spoken against?
Blanc Weber asks:
Briefly, "Tell X to Y," where X and Y are the following:
Tell them X:
- Clipper is a wiretapping system
- Clipper has more than one back door
- Clipper keys have already been compromised by non-government
- Clipper is for spying on foreign-based corporations
- Clipper will be used to monitor corporations
- Clipper chip makers (Mykotronx, VLSI Tech, National, etc.) have had
their security systems breached
- Clipper is Big Brother
Tell this to Y:
- your friends and your family...I tell everyone I meet (nearly) what
a frightening and ludicrous thing the Clipper/Skipjack/Tessera systems
is. (And I say the same thing about the "Information Data
Superhighway" boondoggle.)
- journalists (e.g., I informed John Markoff of some of these things,
which he mostly knew about--he knows more than I do!-- and the
strategy of disinformation and sabotage....it made it into his Sunday
article...and I'm talking to two other journalists now)
(I'm honest with journalists: I tell them upfront that a
disinformation/sabotage campaign is underway and that they should thus
take anything I say, or anyone else says, in this light. They're
usually very bright and see these things anyway, so this clears the
air. It is not a contradiction to tell them that a
disinformation/sabotage campaign is underway and then to tell them
about reports the Clipper chip manufacturers have had security
compromises. And other such things.)
- corporations...point out to them that Clipper isn't a real
improvement, that it opens them up to casual monitoring by the tax and
other authorities, and that their competitors will be able to buy the
keys on the black market in not too long a time
- radio call-in shows and the like. I called Dave Emory's show a while
back and spoke against Clipper and the NSA. Dave Mandl interviewed me
over a year ago for his radio show in New York. And I may be on a
Santa Cruz radio show soon. John Gilmore and Eric Hughes, of course,
have also been on radio and t.v. shows.
(Don't be afraid to call Christian Right stations, either. You may not
like all of their policies--I know I don't--but they're very paranoid
government tracking, national identity cards, and 666-style numbers
attached to them. The "700 Club" has come out staunchly against Clipper.)
- foreigners...I get a real rise our of my overseas friends when I
tell them what the National Security Agency has planned for them.
(By the way, I've seen little discussion here of the fact that the
Germans, French, and NATO nations in general seem to be signing on for
some version of the Clipper system. I can provided details if there's
interest. In all the debate a few weeks ago about whether Germany is
more or less free than America, it was left out that Germany is about
to roll back certain Constitutional freedoms and explicity allow more
surveillance. We should not be pushing our German or European list
members (a la Hadmut Danisch) into defending their countries--rather,
they need to fight the fight as well. In fact, more Cypherpunks need
to be recruited in Europe, which shows many signs of slipping back
into a Surveillance State, with barely a whimper of public outcry.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-22 20:17:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Disinformation (or the Truth?) About Clipper 
My use of the term "disinformation" seems to have taken on a life of
its own as "lying," with several posters saying that the truth is
best, that lying is bad, and that if we have to lie we deserve to have
Clipper and Capstone!
What I urge--and others are free to do as they wish--is to "educate"
people by describing to them the implications as we see them. That is,
we who have thought about Clipper and have seen past government
depredations and abuses, have seen from the beginning how Clipper is
likely to be abused, how the very concept of key escrow is anathema to
basic rights, how Clipper and its Big Brethren (I just coined this)
are likely to be made mandatory, etc. We see truth, not the charade of
"voluntarism" and the "social need" cited by the authorities.
So, is it "truthful" to tell people Clipper is a purely voluntary
standard, which is the official position? Is it "disinformation" to
undermine public support for Clipper by pointing to the very likely
(but unprovable, until it happens) banning of alternatives?
(The difficulty of banning alternatives is another issue, of course.)
I don't advocate ever using out-and-out lies, which is why I said the
following in my post this morning:
Is there any doubt about this? This is more speculative, but fits what folks as eminent as Whit
Diffie have discussed. Backdoors in the escrow system and in the
Skipjack algorithm must be assumed to exist until the algorithm has
been publically discussed, analyzed, tested, etc...and maybe still
even then.
I tell folks the history of other such algorithms, including the
speculations about DES. I point out that Skipjack is completely
secret, and the original key escorw procedure has been changed since
announcement, suggesting a more direct way in was planned from the gitgo.
This I will concede is probably not the case. And I suppose I wouldn't
make this claim until more evidence comes out. But as soon as there
are hints that unauthorized wiretaps have occurred, or that foreign
phone calls mean the keys are revealed, etc., this will likely be a
true statement. I suspect it's close to being true.
No doubts.
No doubts. Foreign subsidiaries mean the NSA can tap, without
warrants. The Criminal Enforcement division of the IRS does not
require warrants, I've been told by a fellow Cypherpunk (but I haven't
confirmed this). Recall the "dumpster diving" episode? And there's some stuff about
National's PCMCIA card product that I'm not free to talk about, but it
indicates further leaks are happening.
A polemical statement, but not a lie.
So, of 7 statements, 5 truths, 1 marginal truth, and 1 wild
speculation. Disinformation does not necessarily mean outright lying...it often means
putting a twist on things to make a point and to undermine confidence
in the opponent's party line.
Call it counter-propaganda if you wish.
By all means, tell the truth. But be sure to tell what you expect to
be the long-term truth, not just the immediate, official truth.
I tell people the governments of the world are clearly planning for
bans on unapproved, unescrowed encryption. The governments would call
this a lie, saying the Clipper and its Big Brethren are purely
voluntary standards. So who is lying?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-23 09:56:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Mac encryption 
(quoting me)
The problem with symmetrical ciphers is one of *scaling*.
Since a key must be exchanged with each other person, the total number
of keys growns rapidly as the community of participants increases. At
any stage, the key may be lost, stolen, observed, shared with the
Feds, etc. A community of 700 participants, as here on Cypherpunks,
would mean each person would have to generate, exchange (securely!),
and store 700 specific keys for use just with others.
This is the famed "key distribution problem."
With public key methods, this problem is largely solved. Each person
can generate his or her own key, publish the public key part of it,
and be done with it.
More than just for secure 2-way communications, this opens the door
for all the other applications Cypherpunks are so interested in.
Symmetric ciphers likek DES or IDEA just don't offer that richness.
(Symmetric ciphers are of course often embedded in public key
protocols, as with using RSA to protect DES session keys. In this
case, the cumbersome problems of key distribution are avoided, and the
speed advantages of symmetric ciphers are obtained.)
I haven't said Cypherpunks should avoid symmetric ciphers, just that
they produce little of the revolution in communication and commerce
that interests us so much.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-23 11:50:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Digitally Signing Physical Objects 
[In this post I'll explore an interesting use of P-K methods to allow
physical objects to be digitally signed.]
Alan (wex at media.mit.edu) forwards to us a clipping and bets that no
encryption is used:
I'm not familiar with this, but I'll bet public key crypto is used. Or
it certainly _could_ be used. How it could be used is an interesting
example of using public key methods for authentication.
So, even if these National Registry folks are not using P-K crypto,
here's an example of how this could work:
Imagine that one has a object--a fingerprint, a photograph, a dollar
bill, a factory-made automobile part--which one wants to "sign," to
protect against forgery. (The application to manufactured goods is
obvious: lower-quality parts are often made by forgers and sold as
factory parts. The counterfeiting application is also obvious. Ditto
for the photo, even with digital scanning....for reasons that will
become clearer. The application to fingerprints I'll leave for you to
think about.)
Call this thing "the original object." It will have variations in
surface appearance (or deeper, in principle, but I'll just stick to
surface features). For example:
- dollar bills: variations in paper fibers, in flecks of particles, in
surface roughness, etc.
- auto parts: scratches and tool marks on smooth surfaces, metal
grains, etc.
- fingerprints: whorls
- photos: grains will vary from photo to photo
How can one "sign" these objects in an unforgeable way?
1. Scan some part of the object, e.g., a linescan between two
reference points. An intensity variation of reflected light, for
example, will produce a vector of intensity variations.
(What resolution, how many points taken, the location of reference
marks, etc, are all details of vendor implementation.)
2. Take this feature vector and encrypt it to the *private* key of the
factory or other authenticating agent. The resulting number is stamped
on the object.
(In the case of "Light Signatures," an L.A.-based company which was
proposing this scheme several years ago, the manufacturer of parts
would stamp the resulting number on the finished part--and perhaps
include it with the paperwork for the part. Harley-Davidson was
supposedly considering the use of this, as they were having big
problems with counterfeit replacement parts. Jim Omura, Presidende of
Cylink, a Public Key Partner, told me this in 1988. I haven't heard
any more about "Light Signatures.")
3. The shop or customer wishing to authenticate the part takes the
number stamped on the part, runs it through the *public* key of the
manufacturer (widely available, not kept secret, of course) and gets
back the feature vector, which he can then compare to what he actually
sees on the object.
(This clearly requires similar hardware to what was originally used by
the manufacturer. And some tolerance for variations in intensity
caused by equipment variations, wear, new scratches, etc., is needed.
Not a really big problem, fortunately. You can fill in the details of
what would be needed for fingerprints, for phots, for lottery tickets,
for currency, etc.)
4. A would-be forger cannot generate a "digital object signature" that
correctly decrypts through the published public key. Thus, the manufacturer or authenticator (whoever knows the private key
corresponding to the public key) can "sign" his work and no one else
This has obvious applications for authenticating paintings, original
photographs (physical photos, not digital ones!), money, objects, etc.
Anything in which natural variations can be converted into a
very-hard-to-duplicate feature vector.
This issue is also related to "is-a-person" credentialling in various
ways. One might imagine Big Brother issuing ID cards in which
fingerprints, retinal scans, facial features, etc., are encrypted with
a private key. Any local cop or "checkpoint" (border, random stops,
whatever) could then do the authentication locally.
As with other uses of public key encryption--in contrast to symmetric
ciphers, as we discussed earlier today--the private key is held safely
and securely (presumably) and the field users don't run the risk of
compromising security.
I've wondered why this technology has not appeared in the six years
since I first heard about it. Seems like a wonderful market niche.
And I wonder how this fits in with Clipper and Capstone. After all, if
the government holds escrowed digital signature keys as well, they
could forge these items as well. Maybe that's what they want.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-23 12:48:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Disinformation (or the Truth?) About Clipper 
Fair enough! I hereby agree not to use the term "disinformation
campaign," as it has clearly caused some confusion. It seems that any labelling of what we are doing, except by innocuous
labels liek "education campaign," will cause some confusion. For
example, I think it's clear that we are talking about a "smear
campaign": we are setting out to take what we know about Clipper and
what we _surmise_ about Clipper and use this to "smear" it, to
basically undermine trust in it and cause a public outcry or promises
of a boycott of Clipper products.
But calling it a "smear campaign" is equally impolitic, I guess.
I appreciated the thoughtful comments of folks like Jim Miller and
Phil Karn. I didn't especially care for the "me too" comments along
the lines of "Yeah, and like if we start lying and stuff, we'll like
be as bad as they are. And like then we'd _deserve_ Clipper."
(My apologies to Beavis and Butthead. Heh heh.)
Taking issue with the semantics of the term "disinformation," which I
clearly take in a broader sense than some do, is different from
cluelessly imputing dishonesty and lying to me.
I still say our goal should be to undermine support for Clipper.
Counter-propaganda, education, whatever. To me, spreading of rumors
which appear to have some foundation is completely legit: this is part
of what being educated really means.
As I keep saying, we certainly can read the many signs that point to
key escrow being made de facto the favored system, and perhaps the
only legal system, even though the "official" truths all are that the
standard is "voluntary." Sort of like the tax system in the U.S.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-23 14:32:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Give me your privacy and I will protect you. 
I find it useful to imagine myself carrying the sentence myself for
all criminal violations I support (the laws, not the crimes
themselves). Thus, I would be willing to carry out harsh sentences,
even the death penalty, in certain violent crimes or thefts. Rape,
murder, arson, etc.
I would not be willing to enforce laws against "promiscuous sex" or
"harmful drugs." These may or may not be "unproductive" and even
"dangerous" activities, but provided I am not directly affected, it's
none of my business. (The issue of drug-related crime is unrelated to the act of taking
drugs, per se. The illegality of drugs results in high prices, street
crime, impure drugs, accidental overdoses, etc. This was the same
situation with Prohibition. Alcohol is indeed harmful, more so than
nearly any modern drug, and yet Prohibition was wrong. That it was
associated with crime and the rise of the Mob was not a reason to
continue it.)
"Lost productivity" and/or the "costs of caring with addicts and AIDS
victims" are other reasons cited to keep certain behaviors illegal.
Well, your productivity, lost or otherwise, does not belong to me. If
it did, I would ban television and the excessive use of the Internet.
Remember the good old American creed: "That's none of your business."
And, "A man's home is his castle." What people do with their lives is
not for me to interfere with. The essence of Cypherpunkdom.
Sorry for lapsing into a political speech, but I hate it when folks
don't think through the implications of what they say. Comparing the
need to control "promiscuous sex" and "harmful drugs" to the fight for
privacy and strong cryptography is pretty bizarre.
I urge you to do some more thinking.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-23 15:14:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Surveillance is Security," says Winston May 
Assuming that Clipper becomes the de facto legal standard (if it's
"just" an AT&T  Clipperphone product, who cares?), the concept of
mandatory key escrow and criminal prosecution of anyone caught (how?)
not escrowing their keys is *anathema* (that means "completely
against") to the most basic of individual rights. The implementation
details which Achbed objects to are completely secondary to the basic
concept of key escrow.
We've debated this so many times, especially last spring, but with 750
people on the Cypherpunks list, many of them new subscribers,
apparently we need to discuss the issues some more. I lack the energy
to write a detailed rebuttal of key escrow, having written my first
one in October 1992, 5 months before Clipper was announced, so I'll
just draw some parallels to crypto key escrow:
* Lock Escrow. To meet law enforcement needs, all locks on doors,
windows, safes, and other locked containers must have their keys
escrowed with the local police. Adequate safeguards will be in place
to ensure that the police use these escrowed keys when they really
need to. As Professor Dotty Dunning puts it, "Locked doors are not
needed by honest citizens."
* Photo Escrow. To cope with the rise of child porn and snuff films,
photo processors will be enlisted in the War on Illegal Images. All
film submitted for processing will be double-printed (the customer
will pay for this, as with Clipper "key escrow"). Copies of all photos
will be kept on permanent file at the local Photo Escrow Facility,
maintained jointly by the National Education Endowment and the
National Reconnaissance Office. The NEA and NRO will turn over photos
ot those with the appropriate need.
Polaroid cameras will be banned. A video camera standard has not yet
been developed, so in the meantime, the government will make it more
difficult for camcorders and VCRs to be imported from Japan and
* Diary Escrow. Since many illegal acts are described in the pages of
diaries and journals, the Administration has adopted this voluntary
page escrow system. Failure to escrow one's diary pages will not in
itself be a crime, but may taken as probable cause for a search of
one's house and/or prosecution as a RICO offender or CypherPervert.
Lawrence Detweiler, of the Colorado Legion of Decency, has accepted
the position of Inquisitioner.
Please understand that these proposals have a few rought edges in
implementation that need to be worked out, but their "hearts are in
the right places." Under Big Bro's boot, that is.
War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Surveillance is Security!
--Winston May

@_date: 1994-02-23 18:26:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: GAMES: The "Crypto Anarchy Game" 
Seth Morris has written extensively about his ideas for crypto games
that would teach the essence of crypto and possibly get into more
advanced areas, such as digital money, DC-Nets, information markets,
various kinds of attacks, and so on. All the usual stuff.
Though I've already written a lot today, I feel compelled to comment.
At the very first Cypherpunks meeting, in September 1992, about 20 of
us played the "Crypto Anarchy Game" for most of the afternoon. The
goal was explicity the same as Seth Morris is discussing: to make
concrete the various strange ideas associated with the vision of
digital economies, anonymous transfers, reputations, and so on. The
reactions were pretty good.
We also played the game for a couple of hours at our second meeting,
in October 1992, with an even larger group--and many new faces. This
second playing was somewhat less successful, for reasons I will
speculate on below, and we've never really considered playing it a
third time. Why we haven't, and the "return on time invested" are important
issues. Frankly, it takes far too much time to prepare, and the
players are smart enough (they were bright adults, after
all....targeting children or novices might have a different payback,
but then they'll be almost completely lacking in the basics, which
slows things down even further).
I'll share some views on what we did, what we learned, and the value
of games/simulations in general.
Let me also note that this issue has--like so many things on this
list--come up a couple of times. Geoff Dale, for example, proposed a
Cypherpunks game/simulation area in a virtual world at the Illuminati
BBS. I have no idea how it's coming; haven't seen Geoff here in
months. Best wishes to Seth or anyone else who actually implements
such a system.
1. What we did in the "Crypto Anarchy Game." (sung to the tune of "The
Crying Game," and also dealing with spoofing and false appearances).
Eric Hughes and I prepare fake e-money (Monopoly money), envelopes,
etc. Participants played various roles, assigned randomly. Some were
drug dealers, some were CIA Counter Intelligence agents, looking for
moles and information brokers. Valuable information was also
distributed. Various publically-visible transaction regions existed (akin to the
anonymous pools we have now). Remailers were simulated by envelopes
within envelopes, with each remailer choosing his postage, latency,
(These are things we could simulate easily, but still don't have built
into actual remailers!)
The game went on for several hours. Often chaotic, with lots of
messages lost (humans are fallible and don't run complicated protocols
very well).
2. What we Learned.
- chaos and confusion, as noted above.
- computer support needed badly (but this is not an easy task, or a
very rewarding one....laptops? Newtons? answers are unclear)
- it was sort of fun, but the lessons got driven home fairly early
and, after that, not much new learning took place
- getting into even more sophisticated areas would have required even
more effort and computer support, for marginal learning
* My major conclusion: Few people will put the effort into playing
such a game, even with computer support. (and generating the computer
programs to support players would be a nontrivial task--partly because
the protocols are so fluid and ill-specified).
3. The Value of Games and Simulations in General
- makes the protocols more real
- sometimes it uncovers hidden assumptions or provokes new ways of
4. But is it worth it?
I don't think so. Thought experiments provide nearly the same
benefits, can be done with scattered groups, and require far less
Reaching children and less computer-oriented folks will be tough. I
don't see that it will "sell" anyone on the value of crypto. Most
folks already understand locks and keys and similar things. Is crypto
all that different?
The really interesting stuff--digital money, DC-Nets, etc.--is too
abstract for most people, anyway.
This is all I'll say for now. Good luck to Seth or anyone else, but I
can't see many Cypherpunks lining up to build such a game. Those who
wish to should, ideally, live near each other and try their own
"manual" version of crypto games before planning an automated version.
I think you'll find that intelligent folks won't have much patience
and nonintelligent or "differently interested" folks will not want to
And I have seen a cipher-oriented game at a local Macintosh software
store. I don't recall the title, but it involved solving a cipher to
advance to the next level. Not exactly the stuff we concentrate on.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-23 23:46:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Symmetric Ciphers Really DO Have Crummy Scaling Properties! 
I think Strick is missing the incredible implications of public keys:
1. Most people who send me PGP-encrypted messages get my public key
off the key servers, not from me. I generated this key once, for a
Cypherpunks keyring hoopla circa November 1992, and that was that.
Very painless. Just like the "phone directory" of public keys the
pioneers of public key promised.
2. With symmetric ciphers, each person has to keep track of the keys
used with _each_ communicant. Instead of, say, 100 people having a
total of 100 public keys and 100 private keys, for a total of 200
keys, each person would have to keep track of *99 keys*, for a total of
9,900 keys! In my book, 200 keys total beats 9,900 keys any day. And the
difference grows rapidly with the number of likely communicants. (That
one does not communicate with all of them is beside the point: one
wants the _potential_ to communicate securely and hence one will need
to arrange keys in advance. In reality, of course, you won't have
arranged these keys or one-time pads or whatever in advance, and so
secure communication will be impossible....this was the situation
until recently for all but the military and the like.)
More to the point, I have only one public-private key pair, and that's
all I want to have keep track of. Storing 20 or 50 or 200 keys
securely and being able to retrieve them securely and reliably is not
a welcome alternative.
3. And don't forget security issues during key exchange! With
conventional, symmetric ciphers, the keys must be exchanged by a
secure channel. Anyone who sees or hears the key can read all
traffic. Public key exchanges are less susceptable to eavesdropping
breaches in security. (Technically, with p-k key exchanges, the key
exchange channel still needs to be secure, but with some practical
differences: at not point is the private key of either party shown or
produced. There are some spoofing attacks--cf. Schneier--but these are
easy to deal with and don't offer the same dangers of the keys being
To make this point more succinct: In the pre-p-k days, trusted
couriers carried the key material. And carried it to the many pairwise
sites needed (see Point  With public key methods, this was ended.
Diffie-Hellman even allows key exchange to take place between parites
who've never met. A revolution.
Well, good luck then. But I don't plan to participate. I have no
desire to carry around a floppy containing the symmetric keys of 100
or more Cypherpunks and others--not when I can look up their public
key in a keyserver, finger them for it, or just ask for it to be sent
to me over normal channels.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-24 10:15:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cocaine Inhalers Anonymous and Spooks 
It's getting closer to this situation in all areas. Entering and
leaving freely is still solid, but talk of checking tax status on both
ends implies this may be lessened. (Don't forget that the main way the
Jews in the USSR were denied exit visas was an argument that they had
not "fulfilled their obligations to the country," that is, that they
had not paid enough taxes.)
Computerized dossiers will make it much easier to check all kinds of
such details on both entering and exiting folks. In the Ames case, he explained away his Columbian wife and his lavish
lifestyle by telling coworkers she was involved in the CIA's cocaine
business, shipping coke into the Mena, Arkansas airfield with the
blessings of Governor Bill Clinton and Cocaine Inhalers Anonymous. His
coworkers just congratulated him and asked how they could find a
similar deal.
(For the humor-impaired, fearing disinformation, this is only partly true.)
For the cynics, note the *timing* of the announcement on Tuesday. The
Feds have known about Ames for at least 2 years, they claim, and
Clinton was briefed 10 months ago on the charges. And complete media
packet were available at the time of the announcement on Tuesday.
So why the exact timing? Why now?
Probably to derail the Russian peace initiative in Bosnia. To
embarrass Yeltsin. To cause an orgy of Russia-bashing, even though
Russia's great sin was recruiting a mole in the CIA who ratted on the
American mole in the KGB!
And we can't have the Russians sending peace-keeping troops into
Bosnia...that's America's right! Hence, the announcement at this
particular time.
Sleazy? What else would you expect?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-25 10:54:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ironic 
I could have sworn I heard something on CNN a few days ago about how
his home PC was also tapped/monitored to collect incriminating
evidence. Listening in with vans full of RF gear wouldn't surprise me.
After all, this is precisely where our abstract discussions of TEMPEST
meet reality.
The moral: If you're planning to pass secrets to the Russians, learn
some tradecraft! (I was amazed at the ineptness of Ames, a senior CIA
guy, in leaving such a trail. And amazed at the ineptness of his
superior at the Agency for not checking up on him (they flutter
employees only every 5 years, and he apparently passed). Finally, at
the ineptness of his KGB handlers for not advising him to avoid things
like paying cash for a house, Jaguar, Mercedes, etc.
Don't _any_ of them read Ludlum?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-25 13:22:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I have FOIA'd the Clipper Key Escrow databases 
That's a brilliant (and deliciously devious) move! It never would've
occurred to me that the key escrow database held by Treasury--or even
parts of it--could be sprung loose with a FOIA request. I still have
my doubts, but your actions will certainly force some issues to the
Could the result be a change of the database holders to nominally
private firms, such as MITRE (actually a spook front) or Science
Applications Inc.? Or even organizaitions like the ACLU and CPSR
(which were proposed by some as escrow database holders)? Would this
exempt the Feds from the FOIA requests?

@_date: 1994-02-26 12:28:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Proposal: Another emergency session of Cypherpunks 
Summary: Maybe it's time for another emergency session of Cypherpunks
to discuss policy in the aftermath of the double whammy announcements
of Tessera/Clipper II and the new and even more dangerous Digital
Telephony Bill.
After the Clipper announcement last April, we had a special emergency
meeting of Cypherpunks. Heavily attended, lots of discussion.
This time around, we most knew things like Tessera and a new Digital
Telephony Bill were coming, but the actuality of them has now been
made real. The "ban on encryption" hasn't yet happened, but more and more
roadblocks (another digital highway stupid metaphor?) are being
erected. For example, any service provider, university network,
hardware maker, etc., who fails to make transmissions "readable" faces
$10,000 a day penalties under my reading of Digital Telephony. This
could make an awful lot of service providers wary of _anything_ that
doesn't look like plain old English chitchat...they may just cancel
the accounts of anyone doing anything "funny." (Yes, there are
probably ways to skirt these reactions, but it means pushing
encryption underground, into tricks using stegonagraphy,
superencryption, and less publicizing of one's PGP keys. Not a good
thing. I agree with Perry Metzger that _public use_ or encryption is
the best approach, practically and morally. Hiding the use of it keeps
it "ghettoized.")
So, I propose that we reorient our next Cypherpunks meeting (Saturday,
March 12th, I presume) to deal with these issues. Some topics:
* Legal overview of the Digital Telephony Bill. If Mike Godwin could
link up with the other D.C.-area folks (Pat Farrell, Paul Ferguson,
etc.), and then have a link to our meeting, this would be ideal.
* When could Digital Telephony become law and what would be the
* Ditto for Tessera, Capstone, etc.
* Status of Voice-PGP efforts....when will SoundBlaster-type software
be available? What about encrypted IP packets on workstations instead?
(Recall the impressive DES-encrypted conference call the 3 Cypherpunks
groups had at the emergency Clipper meeting last April.)
(I've heard talk--no pun intended--of several "Voice-PGP" projects,
using SoundBlaster hardware, CELP, DSPs, etc., but no software seems
to be available right now. How much longer do we have?)
* How to fight these proposals, or work around them.
It'd also be nice if some of the outlying groups (Cambridge, MA,
Washington, D.C., London, Colorado, Austin) could link up with us at
least briefly. (If we started at noon, California time, that would be
fine for the East Coasters, but 8 or 9 p.m. for the Londoners....does
the London group still meet?)
This is just an idea. Let's discuss it.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-26 17:20:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Capone's Cojones in Loan Zones? 
Regarding "Nobody"'s forwarding of the FBI's plans to move into
Russia, this is also similar to the rationale used by the German BND
(Bundesnachrichtendienst, if I rememer the spelling correctly) to move
into Eastern Europe in various overt and covert ways.
Expect Germany and the U.S. to lock horns soon. The real intelligence
war is just beginning, with Gehlen's boys battling their former
OSS/CIA cronies for world fascist domination.
"Nuclear terrorism" is indeed a threat, especially when practiced by
fascist nations--fill in the blanks with who you think I mean.
Those who thought "history ended" when the Cold War ended, now face
the prospects of Goldfingers proliferating. Exciting times indeed.
Bid deal, a few cities get nuked. The greater danger is that of the
control freaks like Denning clipping and skipjacking our remaining
freedoms and ushering in the thousand-year Reich of Kaiser Willy.
War is Piece. No Gnus is Bad Gnus. Surveillance is Security.
--Winston May

@_date: 1994-02-27 17:30:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: standard for stegonography? 
Not necessarily. Recall that one of the main stegonagraphic approaches
is to place signal bits in the "noise" bits of digitized audio
samples, digitized camera images, etc. Provided the bits "look like"
noise bits (lots of interesting issues here, which we've discussed
many times on this list), then the placement can be 'standardized" so
long as the key (of whatever type) is kept secret.
I agree that changing the placement/format of stego signals adds to
the security by a slight amount, via the usual "security through
obscurity," but the the type of stego we believe is quite feasible
with modern DATs, CDs, GIF images, etc., allows the signal bits to be
"hidden in plain sight."
I'm sure this is the "standard" being talked about. (BTW, I agree that
including trivially-readable messages like "***Begin Stego Block
Now*** is a dumb idea....with reasonable standards for block size,
e.g., the signal bits are the LSBs of the largest sub-block that's an
even power of 1, no such headers are needed.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-27 18:00:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: standard for stegonography? 
Jeff Poskanzer caught the typo in my post:
               ^^^
Obviously I meant even power of 2. While I'm at it, I'll elaborate for a bit.
If an image file or audio sample file of, say, 12319 bytes is
received, one might "standardize" (voluntarily, of course) on the
first 8192 bytes as representing the place to look for the LSB
Alternatively, *all* of the LSB bits could be looked at, with messages
just padded-out with random bits to fill out the full amount. Lots of options for standards. As others have noted, you just don't
want to have to flag what standard you're using in the message itself
(in plaintext, else why bother?) as that means the stego use is not
longer plausibly deniable.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-02-28 10:12:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Natural Rights" and the Surveillance State 
Personally, these days I stay away from calling some things "natural
rights" and other things _not_ natural rights. Why, for example, would
the FBI tapping my phone be any less a violation of my natural rights
than if they entered my house and bugged it? Would placing video
cameras in my bedroom (proposed by Dorothy Denning in her "Video
Escrow Act of 1996") violate my "rights"?
By Mike's arguments, I fear, it would be acceptable for the government
to ring our houses with microphones, to place telephoto lenses on
cameras and aim them through our windows, to intercept all of our
phone and modem calls, and to compile extensive dossiers on our
purchases and habits. Big Brother with a vengeance.
(I'm not saying Mike supports these ideas. But by saying these things
do not violate any of his "natural rights," as he appears to be saying
above, then this opens the door for a complete surveillance state.)
If we concede that the government is _not_ violating our "rights" by
wiretapping and monitoring us, then how can we object when the
surveillance state arrives?
I prefer the more radical step of attempting to defang the government
by taking aways its economic and political power. Undermine the
surveillance state in all ways. (And sometimes that may involve
arguing for "rights" to not be wiretapped, surveilled by the
government, and whatnot.)
However, I partly agree with Mike if by "no natural rights" he means,
for example, that I am not "violating" someone else's natural rights,
by compiling a dossier on them, or by writing down what I overheard in
a coffee house. People have to protect their own security, by being
discreet when discretion is needed, by paying with cash when they fear
records are being kept of their purchases, and by using encryption in
communications that may be intercepted. They cannot just scream that
their "rights" are being violated when their names are entered into my
e-mail database (a crime in the U.K., under the Data Protection Act!).
Rights are a slippery slope.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-04 12:34:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) 38 Hours in Hamburg: A visit to the 10th Chaos Communications Congress 
Cypherpunks (and Extropians, too),
(If you respond, only reply to the group you are a member
of...cross-posting between mailing lists gets to be confusing.)
Here's an interesting snapshot report on the 10th Chaos Communications
Congress, a Cypherpunkish European group of some repute. (Actually,
they obviously predate us, but their new interest in digital cash and
crypto parallels our own.)
--Tim May
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk
Lines: 469
38 Hours in Hamburg:  A visit to the 10th Chaos Communications Congress
by Manny E. Farber
  Armed only with an invitation in English addressed to the "global
community" and a small pile of German Marks, I arrived at the
Eidelstedter Buergerhaus about an hour or so before the beginning of
the 10th Chaos Communication Congress (subtitled "Ten years after
Orwell"), sponsored by the (in)famous Chaos Computer Club.  The
Buergerhaus (literally, "citizen's house") turned out to be a modest
community hall; needless to say, not all invited showed up.  The
Congress took place between the 27th and the 29th of December.  As the
title implies, social as well as technical issues were on the docket.
  After forking over 30 DM (about $20) for a pass for the first two
days of the Congress, I sort of felt like asking for a schedule, but
refrained, thinking that asking for scheduled chaos might seem a bit
odd.  I went to the cafeteria for breakfast.  An organizer started out
announcing, "Anyone who wants to eat breakfast pays 5 Marks, and gets a
stamp, which--no, rather, anyone who wants breakfast pays 5 Marks and
eats breakfast."
  The atmosphere was quite collegial and informal, with little more
order than was absolutely necessary.  The approximately 150 attendees
were predominantly German (a few from Switzerland and Holland, at least

@_date: 1994-01-10 10:31:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Has the "an12070" Account been Revoked? 
Last week I complained to Julf about the semi-forged messages ("NAZI
ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS," etc.) that appeared from an12070's account but
with my name prominently attached and with my sig block at the end.
After receiving mail from readers in the various groups that Rotweiler
posted this crap to, including soc.culture.jewish and about a dozen
other groups (all independently posted, so a follow-up to one of them
did not reach the other sites), I decided he had gone too far, that
this was surely the "abuse" that Julf urges folks to report to him. So
I did.
I haven't heard back from Julf, but I also haven't seen an an12070/S.
Boxx posting for several days now, and Rotweiler has been ranting on
about S. Boxx "told him" that his account has been "cnesored" by that
evil and malicious TENTACLE OF THE MEDUSA, JULF. So, it may be that
Detweiler has finally gone too far, at least with his an12070 account.
Get ready for other accounts, and perhaps better forgeries--as perhaps
Greg Broiles has already seen. I know I should be PGP-signing all my posts and e-mail but, frankly,
it's too much of a hassle. I typically read my mail and Usenet over a
dial-up line from my Mac at home to a Netcom machine, so signing my
messages with MacPGP (I don't trust using PGP on Netcom per se)
involves downloading the message, signing it, and then uploading
it....a major delay and hassle.
However, should the forgeries escalate, I may have to. Or at least consider installing a lower-grade PGP in my Netcom account
and using that for on-line signings. Any incorporation of PGP into Elm
Interesting times we live in.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-11 18:21:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Who is L. Detweiler? 
Here's a posting I made yesterday to the Extropians list, describing the
Detweiler situation. Yes, even they have heard of L. Detweiler and his new
prominence as a Net.Loon of note. So when some folks asked for an explanation, I sat down and wrote up a
summary of the situation. Here it is:
***from the Extropians list (with a quote from that list excised, as they
have rules about forwarding list traffic, except one's own, of course)***
I'll descend into the depths of Detweiler's mad world for a bit to
answer some questions raised by John Clark. Detweiler is actually a
fascinating case history in Net paranoia....we actually have gotten to
see the birth of a Net.loon like McElwaine or Serdar Argic, a Net.loon
who is already famous.
He makes anybody we've seen on the Extropians list look like a Minor
Perversion (apologies to Vinge's "A Fire Upon the Deep") by
comparison. Antics like his are why postive reputation filters are
needed so urgently, not just on mailing lists like Cypherpunks, but
throughout Cyberspace. (The Extropians list software, with ::excludes,
is sorely needed on Cypherpunks. Various things are holding up the
transfer of this. I have suggested to Harry that one approach is to
set up "mailing list servers" that support this software, as a
profit-making venture.)
Anyway, here's the saga of Lawrence Detweiler, aka S. Boxx and a dozen
other such names.
--quote from John Clark removed--
Lawrence Detweiler, sometimes called Larry and sometimes called Lance
(which may be a mistake, one he never corrected until recently) is a
guy who's about 22-23 who lives in Colorado, having recently graduated
from Colorado State U. in Computer Science. Don't know what his career
is now, if he has one.
He joined the Cypherpunks list about a year ago and showed great
enthusiasm and energy, volunteering to write the FAQ on "Anonymity on
the Internet" and "Privacy and Anonymity." He put this out very
quickly (too bad he's crazy and can't do the same for the Cypherpunks
FAQ, which I have recently agreed to write, or the Extropians FAQ,
about which I'll say no more).
Detweiler was, like I said, very energetic, often writing very long
rants against Clipper, Dorothy Denning, etc. He often got angry with
someone and slipped into insulting them as being duplicitous,
malicious, etc., instead of merely ascribing their different opinions
as being just that. He asked for my help several times in getting his
views accepted by the Cypherpunks, and I tried to get him to tone down
his ad hominem attacks and general rants (he was always prone to
writing agonized prose, such as "I am becoming increasingly disgusted
and completely and thoroughly disenchanted by the nauseatingly
waffling on vital issues by the Cypherpunks High Command."--this is
not something he actually wrote, but my attempt to duplicate his
His FAQs are very well-done, if a bit long, and tell us there's a
glimmer of brilliance beside the madness....the two often go together,
so this is hardly surprising.
By last summer, Detweiler was handing out "Cypherpunks of the Week"
awards, was arguing for his own form of electronic democracy (one
person one vote, to be done on a daily basis on all sorts of
issues....needless to say, many of us disagreed with him), and was
generally ranting and raving.
When I stated my disagreement with his electronic democracy idea as
being the main goal of the Cypherpunks--and this was done in a mild,
objective manner--Detweiler spat venom at me and accused me of being
an agent of some government agency.
His paranoia and rancor increased steadily throughout September and by
October he had become "S. Boxx" and other pseudonyms, using his
"an12070" account to argue about "pseudospoofing" and "tentacles of
the Medusa." He apparently decided that I, for example, was using a
variety of fake names, including Nick Szabo, Hal Finney, Geoff Dale
(yes, the very same folks you all know from _this_ List!), to drive
him crazy and to argue against his points. Thus, if Nick Szabo argues
against electronic democracy AND has a Netcom account, as I do, then
it's obvious: szabo at netcom.com is obviously a "tentacle" of
tcmay at netcom.com! What could be more obvious?
This all increased, with Detweiler launching daily rants against me,
Eric Hughes, and others. He demanded apologies "or else." He demanded
statements from the "Cypherpunks High Command" that we no longer
"pseudospoof." He appealed to John Gilmore to "put a stop to this
pseudospoofing," but John was in Nepal on a trek and didn't respond.
When John eventually returned, he replied in a calm manner and
suggested that Detweiler was mistaken. True to form, Detweiler went
ballistic at this "betrayal" and declared Gilmore to be just another
"Big Mac."
(In DetSpeak, many new terms exist. Those of us who appeared on the
cover of "Wired" (issue 1.2), Eric, John, and me, are "Big Macs."
Other Cyperhpunks are "cheeseburgers." Of course, we are also
"TENTACLES" and "SNAKES" of Medusa. Sometimes Detweiler refers to _me_
as Medusa, other times he imputes to "her" the role of coordinating
the Grand Conspiracy to a) drive him crazy, b) spread the
Cryptoanarchist message, and c) corrupt all of Cyberspace with Lies.
He also drifts into Christian rants about Hell, Satan, God, and
Damnation. Keeping track of his shifting terminology is a chore.)
He asked to be removed from the Cypherunks list, and was, but
continued to post to it (blindly). He created his own group, the
"Cypherwonks" list, with a fascist list of rules and regulations about
true identities, the evils of pseudospoofing, etc. I gather from
reports that it is now moribund. (I didn't join, for obvious reasons,
not even under a "tentacle"--which I don' even have, needless to say).
Ironically, but hardly surprisingly, the very thing Detweiler rails
against so much, "pseudospoofing," is precisely what he is most famous
for! I'm sure a psychologist would have a field day with him.
Detweiler issued death threats, saying he would be visiting the Bay
Area to "kill the tentacles." He mostly did this under his an12070
name, though he often confused the identities and made several telling
slips which confirmed to even the doubters that L. Detweiler = an12070
= S. Boxx = Pablo Escobar = Adolf Hitler, all names he has used for
his paranoid rants. (Other evidence: same line lengths, same use of
TeX-style ``quotes'' in messages, same use of no spaces between
initials in names like "T.C.May," same florid languages, same emphasis
on same issues, and, most tellingly of all, several "goofs" in which
private messages to one or the other were quoted by the other, and
even goofs within messages that alluded to himself as "Lance" or
"Larry.") And so it goes. He has been posting his "CRYPTOANARCHIST INVASION
ALERT"-type messages to several Usenet groups for the last couple of
months, and has recently gone even further in the direction of
I expect one day to hear Detweiler has shot and killed himself, or has
shot and killed others, or is holding them hostage. I know the
Colorado Cypherpunks group--which expelled Detweiler from their
physical meetings and from their list--is fairly concerned about their
security, and the security of Phil Zimmermann, who lives in Colorado
and whom Detweiler alternately characterizes as "God" or as "Satan."
After the latest rounds of forged messages, with my name attached and
with .sig block attached, I alerted Julf, operator of the
anon.penet.fi site, to the obvious "abuse" of his remailer site....I
didn't do this when Detweiler was ranting, only when he was sending
out posts which gave the appearance of being from _me_. No an12070
messages have been seen by me for several days now, and Detweiler has
made comments about how S. Boxx "told him" that his account has been
stopped. Yeah, right.
So that's the saga of L. Detweiler, the latest Net Perversion to be
born in cyberspace.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-12 01:05:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: One of our alumni achieves "alt.usenet.kooks" fame! 
Our own former member, but still all-too-frequent contributor, L.
Detweiler has achieved fame by appearing in the compilation of
net.cranks in the new group "alt.usenet.kooks." I had a hunch he'd be
listed there along with such luminaries as Robert McElwaine, Jack
Schmidlang, Gary Stollman, and Serdar Argic, and he was.
Here's in entry in the draft FAQ:
"L. Detweiler (you are all TENTACLES of the CYPHERpunk
anarchoSYNDICALIST pseudospoofing CONSPIRACY; everyone who contacts me
via post or email is a tentacle of a single Medusa): All information
relevant has been deleted (probably by the cypherpunk pseudospoofers);
ask around - old-timers can tell you about him, through "safe" avenues
(like email). Warning: attempting to disillusion him of his theories
usually results in threatening mail and getting incorporated into said
theories. Handle With Extreme Care. Appears occasionally on the news.*
hierarchy, crossposted to hell and back. Author of the Internet
Anonymity FAQ. (Posts as ld231782 (L.
Detweiler) and an12070 at anon.penet.fi (various constantly-changing
Which one of us will be next?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-16 21:43:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TC May, Taxes and Colored People 
Look, I was not going to waste my time or your time by responding to
Graham Toal's announcement that I am a racist and that he was thus
leaving the list. But I've seen several messages dealing with this,
speculating that perhaps Detweiler spoofed my account, blah blah blah.
So let me make some points:
1. I wrote that message in netcom.general, a group local to Netcom,
for the discussion of Netcom issues (Netcom is an Internet service
provider based in San Jose, California. How Graham Toal, presumably in
the U.K., got it is unknown to me.)
2. I stand by what I said, but the comments Graham cited were taken
out of contect of the discussion thread in Netcom. Basically, some
folks on Netcom were arguing that speech that is "hurtful" to women
and other "people of color" and other aggrieved minorities should be
blocked by Netcom management, and that perhaps the First Amendment
needs to be reinterpreted to limit such expression. Many of us
disagreed strongly with this PC (and paternalistic) ideas, and we
especially disagree with the laws Catherine MacKinnon is trying to get
accepted. (Look to the Homulka case in Canada for one example, to the
bans on porn in Canada for another....in a delicious irony, the
Dworkin-MacKinnon porn bans, aimed at stopping the "exploitation" of
women, are not being used to proscute feminist and Lesbian sex
material outlets...sauce for the gander, to mix some metaphors.)
Here is my comment on "people of color," quoted first by G. Toal, then
by others, and here by "Rodney King":
The use of quotes in "people of color" should tell anyone who bothers
to think instead of react that I was commenting on the handing out of
money to any and all groups that call themselves victims of some vague
past injustices. "People of color" thus implies criticism of the name
itself. I make no apologies for disliking the term "people of
color"--it harkens back to my childhood when blacks were called
colored people. (I often provoke liberal airheads by pretending I
can't tell the difference between "people of color" and "colored
people"...I started doing this around 1986, when I moved to Santa
Cruz, and then saw that Gary Trudeau made the same point in a
"Doonsbury" cartoon.)
(Perhaps proving Graham's point in a strange way, the term "people of
color" was the basis of a running series of jokes at yesterday's
grossly overcrowded Cypherpunks meeting yesterday (50 in attendance at
various times, including Bruce Schneier, Matt Blaze, "J.I.," Perry
Metzger, and others in town for Usenix. Matt described his "Black
Pages" key service idea, being implemented at AT&T, and the joke arose
that AT&T's affirmative action department has already nixed the name
"Black Pages" (really) and that henceforth the service will be called
"Pages of Color." Had Graham head this one, would he have denounced us
as Nazis? As people ready for political reeducation camps? I wonder.)
3. I also make no apologies for my radical libertarian views. I
generally avoid arguing political issues here on Cypherpunks, as the
issues have been debated many times. For example, I stayed out of the
debate last week with Hal Finney over his criticisms. I think he's
wrong, but I made my points some time back, well over a year ago, in
In other forums, where the debate is explicitly political (as with the
"should Netcom allow Neo-Nazis?" debate), I will make my points. Even
if they offend the coloreds. (Cf. the earlier point if this joke appears to be "racist" to you.)
4. Personally, I don't care much about skin color, or other
epiphenomenal aspects of a person's behavior. But I reject affirmative
action, hiring quotas, restrictions on firing employees, etc.
And I reject the notion that speech can be limited because it "hurts
the feelings" of another, or because someone considers comments to be
"harassment" or "virtual rape." (And with the crypto technologies
already available, and coming, it all becomes moot anyway. Positive
reputations and filter agents will be the way people cope with
"hurtful" speech.)
5. As to why Graham Toal quit the list, who knows? To take a brief
comment about "people of color" and how I believe strong crypto--the
stuff I've long advertised in my sig block--will nuke the current
welfare state and from this conclude that the _rest of you_ hold this
view as well is.....absurd!
Methinks Graham was looking for an excuse to quit the list and my
comments gave him the chance to self-righteously declare himself to be
disgusted with what he has concluded the list must stand for. Good riddance, I say. Anybody seriously interested in the issues of
this list, whether they are libertarian or socialist, anarchist or
monarchist, heterosexual or homosexual, white or red or black or
whatever, is not going to storm off the list in a huff because of
comments taken out of context from a discussion on censorship in a
group devoted to a commercial service located 6,000 miles away!
6. "Rodney King" goes on to say:
Like I said, my comments are being taken out of context. This was not
a "recruitment drive," nor did I say the main reason to support strong
crypto has anything to do with attacking "people of color."
For me, achieving libertarian goals (including an end to taxation, to
government handouts, truly a colorblind legal system, etc.) is the
main reason to support strong crypto. Graham Toal claims my goals are
not his, i.e., personal liberty. Well, this is an old debate. Is
economic liberty part of personal liberty? Is the freedom to
associate, to pick one's friends, customers, employees, suppliers,
etc., as one chooses part of personal liberty? I say "Yes."
(I'm _not_ saying racial discrimination is a desirable thing, or that
it makes good business sense. But what is desirable or what is
business-smart is not the issue here. This is Libertarianism 101, so
I'll stop this tangent here.)
Whether my friend "Rodney" here is really black or not is unknown--and
unimportant. I, too, am hoping that blacks will wake up to the
disastrous effects government handout programs have had on them. It's
created a new kind of serfdom, a new "Massa" who lives in the Really
Big White House (the one in D.C.) instead of just the Massa who lived
in the white house on the plantation.
Fortunately, some black leaders have woken up to this (Thomas Sowell,
Walter Williams, Les Brown, several others), and even Jesse Jackson is
now talking about the problems of dependency on AFDC and welfare. A
hopeful sign.
When I see discussions in the Netcom groups--and elsewhere--about how
government needs to set limits on free speech so as to protect
minorities and "persons of color," I see this as an attack on
everything that this country once stood for. And I will speak out.
If Graham Toal and others need to hunt down politically incorrect
phrasings, and even ignore the quote marks around these phrasings,
then it is best that they storm off this list, because at least some
of us are not going to shy away from commenting on these important
I hope not to have to say anymore on this subject, so that I can get
on with other things.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-19 00:53:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Inman, Exports, and Conspiracies 
Not sure what this has to do with List anymore, what with Inman
slinking away (he pulled a perot), but here goes:
Not Bamford, but likely a very new book on how the U.S. helped arm
Iraq. I forget the title, but it's very new. I flipped through it, and
in fact looked up the references to Inman, as I'd heard the book raked
him over the coals.
Well, I'm not Gilmore, except as a Tentacle, but Dell was not the
company involved. Any of the written articles about Inman should do a
good job of naming these connections, how Inman wrote some letters, etc.
Inman is history, in any case.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-20 10:59:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: postmaster@lance.colostate.edu speaks 
Thanks for your patience and forebearance on this Detweiler issue.
A few months back I wrote to you and suggested you ought to have "a
talk" with LD, as I was getting various threats and whatnot from him
and from what most folks suspect (but cannot prove, I agree) was his
"an12070" account. I won't bore you with more details.
You replied that you were not going to censor anyone. Fair enough.
I think what you're now doing is reasonable for any sysadmin to do:
not censor a user, especially not with circumstantial evidence, but
still have a chat when a user's actions appear to be flaky or
exceptionally disruptive.
So, no complaints from me about how you've handled this matter.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-21 13:08:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailers: The Next Generation 
Cypherpunks, Here's a long article on some issues surrounding the "next generation" of
remailers, hopefully a closer approximation to the digital mix. I hope you
folks will add ideas, comment on this article, critique it, etc.
This article includes:
* discussion of the need for a second generation of remailers
* ten basic features needed to better approximate the ideal digital mix
* material on reputations and market systems that cryptologists ignore (the
blend of economics and crypto is a fertile hybrid, one that solves for
practical uses many of the problems as-yet-unsolved with pure cryptography)
* suggestions for a series of agreements needed on message formats, digital
postage (or some variant), and other things to make a second generation
ecology of remailers more useful
The recent experiences with Detweiler beginning to use Cypherpunks
remailers (what took him so long?) points out some weaknesses of the
current overall architecture which we've known about for a long time. We
always knew the first generation of remailers, operational since circa
November 1992, was far from optimal. Traffic analysis would be relatively
trivial for any motivated agency with access to Internet traffic to do
(e.g., most messages flow into a site and then out immediately, and also
have characteristic packet sizes), and the remailers are far from meeting
even the basic standards laid out in David Chaum's 1981 paper on digital
mixes. I suspect most users don't even do any encryption at all, let alone nested
encryption, so the origin-destination information is trivially recoverable.
How to change this for the better depends on a number of things: faster and
easier to use PGP, scripts which can take the various remailers and
generate valid paths through the labyrinth of sites, and cultural factors.
Also, the existing remailers are sensitive to abuse, both in "flooding"
sites and mailing lists with junk mail, and in death threats, harassment,
etc. Stopgap measures, such as excluding Detweiler as an origination
address (for the first chain in a remailer, or later, if he failed to use
encryption), are obviously not a robust solution. Flooding is best solved
with some form of "user pays" type of payment system, which we call
"digital postage"; this could use a basic form of prepaid "digital postage
stamps" (e.g., 20-digit numbers) which are bought in "rolls" (I'll mention
some ideas later) and used _once_. (Yes, this scheme is weak, but it's more
than we have now, and it may be useful anyway.)
The first generation remailers were a fantastic experiment, and became
operational very quickly through the Perl-hacking efforts of Eric Hughes
and others. The enhancements added by Hal Finney, Eric Hollander, Matt
Thomlinson, Miron Cuperman, Karl Barrus, and others (sorry if I left some
names out, or miscredited these folks with having added functionality!)
were impressive. But the basic architecture, the "ecology of remailers" is
showing some serious faults and limitations.
Detweiler's attacks and threats to attack are actually fairly mild compared
to what is possible and what may be coming soon. We shouldn't be wailing
about "abuse" of our remailers when the basic architecture and current
features are so lacking. We may succeed in getting Detweiler blocked at
Colorado State--not that I am advocating this--or in doing some basic
source-screening, but this is not a robust solution. Consider this a
wake-up call. Actually, I'm flabbergasted that it's taken so long....I
expected the first generation system to "break" a long time ago.
It is probably time to seriously think about a "second generation
remailer," incorporating the various ideas discussed in the past 15 months
on this list. FEATURES NEEDED IN A SECOND GENERATION REMAILER:
I. DIGITAL POSTAGE, so that the user pays for his use. (This reduces
"flooding" and provides a profit motive for "Mom and Pop" remailers, to
make remailers more ubiquitous. More on this later. Late note: This article
ended up way too long, so I'll defer the discussion of digital postage to
another time.)
II. JUNK MAIL SCREENING. Support for "Don't send anonymous mail to me"
registries, with a database maintained (for a fee?) of sites that wish no
anonymous mail. (I'm not at all sure how best to do this...)
III. IDEAL DIGITAL MIX. A closer approximation to the "ideal digital mix"
(a la Chaum'S 1981 paper and the various later DC-Net embellishments) is
needed. This is a _huge_ discussion area, one we have touched upon several
times. In particular, Hal Finney wrote up a nice summary of the issue about
half a year ago, maybe longer; he may want to repost his summary if this
thread generates any interest.
What follows is my own far from complete summary of some key features:
- variable message latency, L, set either as policy by remailer site ("this
site sets latency = L = 20 messages") or by the message itself (i.e., user
sets, and perhaps pays for, a latency of his own choosing, such as "wait
for 60 messages before sending")
(Note: I strongly favor letting the _user_ pick the latency time, when
possible, not having it "hardwired" into the site itself. Several reasons
for this: doesn't commit the site to a particular latency, allows more
diversity, lets user pay for more latency, etc.)
- quantized message lengths, to defeat traffic analysis based on watching
packet sizes. We've talked about quantizing message lengths as "short" (2K
= 1 screen full of text), "medium" (10K = a 5-screenful typical article),
"long" (30K), and so forth. How many levels of quantization affects the
overall security of the system, of course. Too few levels unnecessarily
pads shorter messages out to longer lengths, too many levels makes traffic
analysis easier, all other things being equal.
Digression on Diffusivity of Remailers: A careful analyis of "diffusivity"
in remailers--roughly, how many possible paths a message may have taken--in
terms of number of remailer hops, latency at each hop, and packet size
needs to be done. As a very simple example, suppose there are 30
operational remailer sites, all with roughly the same functionality (not
what we have now!). A message entering the "labyrinth" (my name for the web
of remailers) may go to any of these 30 remailers, wait until, say 20
messages of the same length have accumulated (a situation very from the
current situation, where low volumes and demands for speedy response mean
there's almost *zero* latency), and then be sent to any of the remaining
remailers (or even itself, in a tricky move of simply not sending the
message). After N such remailings amongst M remailers with a latency of L
messages, a rough measure of the diffusivity is:
D = diffusivity = number of paths the original message may have taken
  = L ^ N  (i.e., the diffusivity rises exponentially with the number of hops)
(This is a simplistic equation, which does not take into account the
practical limitations of there being only so many total messages flowing in
the system, a point addressed briefly below. If only 10 messages "enter the
system" and 10 messages "leave the system," the attacker has an easier
problem than than a D = 3125, for example, might otherwise suggest.)
M = number of remailers is not critically important when M is fairly large.
For example, if M = 1, the solution is trivial. If M = 5, and N > M, this
means the same remailers were used multiple times (recirculating), and the
diffusivity is still quite high. If M is very large, with N < M, the
situation is even better and we can ignore M. In the limit, M will tend
toward infinity (we hope).
Example situations:
1. Current Cypherpunks remailer situation: L = 1 (most remailers are not
"batching" messages, so L =1), N = a few hops, if even that.
Thus, D = 1, which means the path through the labyrinth is trivial to find
for anyone with access to packet traffic.
(I'm also ignoring for the moment the _logging_ of remailer traffic, a real
no-no in terms of Chaum's ideal mix, which originally called for
hardware-based mixes which kept no records, and more recently called for
DC-Nets which _could not_ determine sender. A Chaumian mix which meets his
1981 standards is beyond the "second generation remailer" I'm describing
2. Better use of existing remailers: L = 5, N = 5, dozens of total messages
Thus, D = 5 ^ 5 = 3125, meaning that a traffic analyst sees 3125 paths to
follow for every original message, crudely. (In practice, the calculation
above is not accurate unless enough total messages are used. In this
example, there are not likely to be thousands of messages flowing, so the
numbers are reduced. These corrections to the equation need to be made....I
haven't done a combinatorial analyis--perhaps its about time I did.)
This level of diffusifity could be gotten _today_ be using the remailers in
this way:
- pad messages out to quantized sizes (as we have discussed, and some
technical issues of multiple PGP rounds exist)
- set minimum latency to L = 5, for any given quantized size
- send messages through N = 5 hops
- D = L ^ N = 5 ^ 5 = 3125
(That few folks will do this, including me, is a _cultural_ and
_educational_ problem unto itself. Topic for another article.)
3. Future use of existing remailers: L = 10, N = 5
Thus, the naive estimate of D is L ^ N = 10 ^ 5 = 100,000. Of course there are not this many paths to follow, but the goal has been
achieved of _effectively obscuring_ the origin-destination mapping.
Note to Readers: I may be losing some readers here by doing these crude
calculations and making related points, so I will return instead to the
listing of features to consider. (Too bad the Net and the various computers
used can't support a collapsible outline structure!)
End of digression.
Back to the list of features:
IV. NO LOGGING. No logging of in-out traffic should be done. I realize that
many operators wish to do this to debug their remailers and to be able to
deal with abusive messages. But make no mistake about it: This is a serious
The sooner we can move away from such logging, the better. And sites which
log should tell users, sites which don't log should as well. (Sites which
log but say they _don't_ is of course the real issue in the long
run....I'll save this interesting topic for another article, maybe. Just be
aware that this kind of "collusion" (not exactly, but this is what the
literature calls related behaviors) is not easily solved with existing
V. HARDWARE-BASED REMAILERS. Remailers which are essentially "hardwired" to
behave in a particular way are the next step to take. Since not many people
want to dedicate a machine on the Net to this, this may take a while. Note
that this might still be possible locally as a cheap machine attached to an
existing machine, via a local network. (Terse scenario: Machine on net gets
incoming mail, passes it to cheap 386 box which runs store-and-forward
remailer functions in simple, semi-hardwired way. Perhaps using remailer
code sold on ROMs (a long-range fantasy, I know) and "authenticated" by
"remailer credentialling" private agencies. Mixed messages then get handed
back to machine on the Net, which sends them out.
VI. MARKETS. And advertising, reputations, etc.
Various remailers will have varying features:
- latency L (though I think users should be able to request the latencies
they think they need) and any other "pseudo-latencies" added (e.g., a site
may send out packets to other machines and back to _itself_, even if not
requested by the packet itself, as a way to increase inter-site traffic and
add latency...I dub this "pseudo-latency").
- packet quantizations supported
- digital postage fee (ideally, price competition will occur)
- types of encryption supported, etc.
- sources that are blocked (e.g., Detweiler's site) or destinations that
are blocked (e.g., president at whitehouse.gov). (Thus leading to the flaw in
source-filtering I noted at the beginning: all Detweiler, for example, has
to do is find a remailer site that does _not_ block him, and he's off and
- policies on reported abuse, logging of traffic, etc.
- any other relevant information. How users can keep track of this variable information and then make a
selection of which remailers to use is a central issue. Full use of a
remailer system will almost certainly require scripts and automation at the
user site, scripts which select a path through the labyrinth of remailers
based on desired security, cost, and acceptable time delays, and perhaps
other things as well.
I suggest a second generation remailer use an agreed-upon standard format
for summarizing this kind of information, requestable by users or
credentially agents by sending a message like "::policy" to the site. This
would return a summary of digital postage fees, latencies, packet sizes
supported, PGP parameters, and any other special items. If done according
to a reasonable standard, then scripts could be written to automate this
pinging process and the automatic generation of routes. (Joe User would
decide how much security he wants for what price, would ping the remailers
at some reasonable intervals, and a program would select a set of
remailers, do the envelope-within-envelope preparation, adding postage in
each envelope as needed, and ask Joe User if the plan looks OK to
him...also allowing him to manually (ugh! many dangers of goofs!) add or
delete nodes.
VII. STANDARD FORMATS. The item above points to the need for a standard
format, to be decided upon, for all of the features mentioned here. Where
in the message body (or headers, though I favor message body, for reasons
of encrypted packets within encrypted packets....) is the digital postage
to be included? (This could vary from remailer to remailer, but a standard
would make things simpler. Anyone deviating from the standard would be free
to do so, of course, but this would make scripts to generate paths tend to
avoid his site...a market solution.)
I won't speculate as to what form this should take. Perhaps we need to have
a "working group" on the Cypherpunks list, made up of the real workers out
there. Even a physical meeting that as many folks as possble can attend.
VIII. RATINGS AGENCIES. Independent agents that report on which remailers
are "up," which are experiencing delays and problems, what the policies
are, and what the experiences have been are.
This is part of an ecology or economy of mixes and could also use some form
of digital money, or digital postage stamps to pay for these reports. These
"reputation servers" would give us several useful functions:
1. More of a market, as in VI (MARKETS).
2. Faster feedback, as remailers see problems reported quickly. Users can
see a snapshot of which remailers are up, which are not. (If a reasonable
standard for the report is established, users can plug into this report for
routing messages. In fact, the various ratings agencies--initially I'd only
expect one or two to appear, if that--could also sell scripts/programs
which work with their report formats.)
3. Another prototype use of some simple form of digital money.
4. Incentives for better performance, security, and standardization on a
message format.
5. Performs both a lubrication and a glue function (how's that for mixing
two opposite ideas?) of publicizing information. Increases liquidity,
decreases transaction costs, making the remailers easier and more reliable
to use.
The work by some on "black pages" (crypto equivalent of "yellow pages") is
a step in this direction. The "key servers" which have PGP keys could be
paralleled by "remailer servers" which summarize remailer information, ping
results, user feedback, etc.
IX. DIVERSE SITES. We need more sites which are outside the U.S., more
which are independently owned (i.e., not running on a university or
commercial service provider), and more which are otherwise "untouchable"
and not subject to pressure.
(Aside: I also think we also need "virtual sites" which are themselves only
accessible by remailers. For exmaple, a node called "TIM," running on my
Netcom account, might actually link in a path known only to _me_, to a site
elsewhere. Users would mail to "TIM," but the messages would flow
transparently to some other site, perhaps still located in the U.S.,
perhaps not. From an abstract point of view, this is no different than the
"pseudo-latencies" I mentioned earlier, and can be viewed as just a bunch
of extra hops in the chain of "first class object nodes," but in my opinion
it alters the flavor slightly and makes any publically visible site, like
"TIM," more resistant to attack and shut-down, or at least to seizure of
the actual mix itself. Other names for these sites might be "sacrificial
sites" or "digital cutouts" (a cutout in spy lingo is a person who relays
information, an expendable link).) X. ATTEMPTS TO BREAK REMAILERS. Just as cryptography is incomplete without
cryptanalyis, so mixes are incomplete without serious attempts to crack
them, to spoof them, to subvert them. This breaking does not have to be of
the "public disaster" sort, that is, we don't have to "squish" a site by
successfully getting a threatening message sent to Janet Reno! Rather, a
"tiger team" approach where the breakages are useful to the operators.
(The ratings agencies would likely play a role here, reporting on their own
experiences, the experiences of their customers, and the results of, say,
independent "tiger teams" sent in to try to break the systems.)
There are obviously things few of us can hope to do: the NSA may have
extensive Internet packet monitoring facilities (a speculation) that we
cannot hope to have, or to spend time to develop. Ditto (squared) for
covert monitoring of Van Eck emissions (breaking systems by monitoring
local computer emissions). Brute force attacks on ciphers. And so on. So
let's not kid ourselves that we can break the systems in all the ways the
real world will try.
CLOSING COMMENTS: Well, these are some basic ideas. A tall order to incorporate these into a
second generation set of remailers. But necessary if remailers are to take
off and thrive. The addition of the profit motive, by charging for
remailing in some way, I view as particularly important in incentivizing
progress and proliferation, as well as in in reducing "tragedy of the
commons" types of remailer abuses.
As this message is already so long, I won't elaborate here, as I promised
earlier, on how simple digital postage could be deployed. The idea is the
one we've discussed before: sell 20-digit numbers for perhaps 20 cents
apiece, in "rolls" of 100 or so. The numbers would ber spendable _once_,
perhaps only at the site which issued them (more like a gift certificate).
There are obvious weaknesses in such a system, but it may be usable for
relatively cheap transactions like remailers. I'll leave it to readers to
think about the issues and will perhaps address them in another article,
after I've recovered from writing this one!
I think the first generation of Cypherpunks remailers has been a wonderful
learning experience, but it's time to start planning the next generation.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: by arrangement
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.

@_date: 1994-01-22 12:36:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailers: The Next Generation 
Cypherpunks, I tried to send this out earlier, but I haven't seen it at my site.
I've been having problems with messages either not getting out or not
being delivered back to me, so I don't know if this made it out to
you. If not, here it is. If so, I'm sorry for the duplication.
Forwarded message:
Hal Finney has added many useful points:
Good point. My hunch is that "nothing is free" and the usual evolution
will be followed: initially free-but-poorly-supported capabilities,
followed by some flavor of commercial services which are in
competition with the "free" services, and then a widening gap in
quality/robustness between the free and fee services.
For example, my own Netcom service costs $17.50 a month and competes
with local free or nearly free BBS services that offer some form of
Internet access. The advantages of Netcom are sufficient to make it
worth paying for. Another example, in a different situation, is the
explosive increase in bookstores in the last 20 years, even when
libraries offer books for free. People _will_ pay for convenience,
features, robustness, etc. It may be a marketing struggle, but
eventually fee-based services seem to win out over free-but-flaky
systems. I agree this is a speed bump. In fact, most folks are making very
little use of existing features (chained hops, encryption) and overall
volume seems pretty low. Part of my reason for proposing a formal "second generation" is that
enough new features, and greater ease of use (standards, scripts,
automatic selection of routings, ratings services) may tip the balance
toward wider use. Also, the loss of penet-type servers with a
centralized point of attack (e.g., Julf's machine) may suddenly and
urgently shift the burden onto Chaumian-style distributed systems.
(Just a hunch I have.)
Yes, I confess that my slant on things is toward the "ideal mix," that
extremely strong system of distributed mixes that will provide the
underpinning for the untraceable system we all want (for the reasons
of protecting privacy in a surveillance society that Hal mentioned)
and for the more radical stuff that some of us want.
Working toward the ideal digital mix seems to be the right thing to
do, as a strong foundation will make so many other things easier.
Making the systems easier to use is of course also important, and
several of my points were oriented toward this. But I agree my focus
is on making the next generation more bullet-proof.
(As an aside, more people will be willing to run turn-key remailers if
they are convinced the remailer functions are sufficiently robust to
head off charges that they knew what was flowing through their
remailers, that the system won't barf and dump a bunch of messages
into the trash or into their machine logs, and that the software will
run without their involvement. Such robustness will allow and
encourage the spread of cheap remailer boxes. Price competition on
remailer rates will make the burden of paying drop. This is the hope,
at least.)
Perhaps Hal is right, perhaps not. But regardless of the exact
priorities, agreeing on some standards, some scripting conventions,
and encouraging a "pinging service" (like what Karl Barrus does with
his periodic summary, but with more statistics on delays, packet
sizes, etc.) seem like some things we need to do. Thinking of several
of these as aspects of the next plateau, the "second generation," may
help to focus energies on adding features.
I agree with all of this. I did not address two-way mail, using either
the "onions" (a kind of return-rely envelope) proposed by Eric Messick
and Hugh Daniel about a year ago, or the "pools" described by Miron
Cuperman. (Readers may recall that the "BlackNet" experiment I ran
called for respondents to encrypt their replies, with no mention of
their names or addresses, to the public key of BlackNet and then post
the cyphertext to one of several groups...thus was 2-way anonymous
communication created.)
One project that could be interesting is this: a merger or hybrid
of the distributed, hard-to-kill Cypherpunks remailers and the wildly
successful, centralized, easier-to-kill penet system of Julf. That is,
multiple penet-type sites, using mixes between. Or meshed in other
ways. The idea is to make sure that greater security against legal and
governmental action is built-in. (I realize Julf's system keeps a
mapping between real IDs and pseudonyms, and this centralized mapping
is the point of attack. Still, some decentralization, some scattering
across multiple national borders, would be useful. Perhaps something
involving secret-sharing protocols.)
Oh, and I agree with the comments a couple of people made that running
constant traffic between remailers is a good way to ensure message
latency does not result in excessive delays. We've actually talked
about this before, but nothing has been done on this.
One of the problems (also a strength) is that our various remailers
are all run by different people, on different machines, etc. They are
not like Western Union telegraph offices, with coordinated policies.
Setting up regular communications, robust connections, is thus not as
easy as it might be with uniform remailers.
(A speculative solution: a group of remailer sites can agree to form a
kind of "guild," agreeing to work together to keep uptimes high, use
standardized software, etc. All voluntary. Like franchises of
McDonalds. The participating remailers could agree to run traffic at
certain rates between their machines, work together to ensure
adequate robustness, issue a report on all of their machines, etc.
Remailers that don't want to participate can still be used, but would
likely have poorer interaction with other machines and might
eventually lose business.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-24 10:16:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Did NSA know about Public Key before Diffie and Hellman did? 
Did the National Security Agency and its crew of mathematicians know
about public key cryptography before Diffie, Hellman, and Merkle made
their mid-70s discovery? There have long been rumors that they did,
but others say it hit them like a ton of bricks, that is, it surprised
This question came up again on sci.crypt recently, and I cautiously
offered the comments of a "source with deep ties to the public key
community." This was Whit Diffe, who told us about this at a
Cypherpunks meeting several months back, but I wasn't sure how public
the information was or if Whit wanted his name attached to this
In any case, Steve Bellovin, who of course is on this list himself,
wrote the attached article for sci.crypt. I think it's pretty
interesting and helps to clarify the history of public key crypto, a
topic of some interest here on this list.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
Distribution: usa
Organization: AT&T Bell Laboratories
You don't need to cite anonymous sources; at the Festcolloquium in his
honor at the Fairfax conference, Simmons said it publicly.  He said
that he was on a plane to Australia, to give a talk, when he read the
famous Martin Gardener column.  He promptly tore up his slides and
wrote up a new talk.
On the other hand -- when a retiree from NSA alluded to NSAM 160,
Simmons was the one who supplied the memo number.  Both of them agreed
that it was (at the least) the forerunner of public key systems.
Did the NSA have PK in the mid-60's?  The memo doesn't indicate that,
at least in the declassified portions.  A device meeting the
requirements spelled out in the memo could have been constructed
without PK, using hardware available back then.  Envision a device
with a core memory holding a key, an input line, a set of output lines,
and some transistor and/or SSI comparator circuitry, all embedded in
epoxy.  You get exactly *one* chance to enter the right input value,
since core memory uses destructive read-out, and there would be no
reason to include writeback circuits.
This isn't a design that would have been proof against a sophisticated
enemy (let's be precise:  against the USSR), but that was not a design
goal.  It would have stopped random maniacs, deranged weapons officers,
and immediate battlefield use by enemy forces -- and those were the
threats to be guarded against.
I'm quite skeptical that -- with 1963 technology -- a high-reliabilty
PK design could have been built.  And high reliability was an explicit
design goal.
Now -- there was a portion of the memo, near the end, that wasn't released.
In the context of the memo, that section *could* have spelled out long-
term research efforts that would have led to public-key cryptography.
And frankly, given the number and caliber of mathematicians who worked
for NSA, if the right question was asked I think there's no doubt that
they would have found an answer.  According to Diffie's paper, it took
just two years from the initial conception to when RSA was developed.
Would NSA have taken much longer?  I doubt it.
As for why Simmons didn't know of it -- it does strike me as believable
that NSA regarded the technique as too sensitive to use for PALs.  After
all, I claim that a secure (enough) nuclear command and control system
could have been built without PK -- so why discuss it with someone who
(to NSA) didn't have ``need to know''.  Granted, PK would have strengthened
the guarantees -- but security is a matter of engineering against a
whole spectrum of risks, and balancing the tradeoffs; there's nothing
that says you should favor one threat over others because the solution
is sexier.  You or I might have made different choices -- but I don't
think my scenario is out of the question.

@_date: 1994-01-24 11:06:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Randomness of a bit string 
Here's a short article I wrote for sci.crypt aboout "randomness" of a
bit string and the Kolmogorov-Chaitin definition that a string is
random if and only if it has no shorter description than itself.
This has some fascinating tie-ins to "cryptoregular" strings, which
are strings which appear to be "regular" (a variant of randomness,
meaning all digits are equally represented...high entropy) but which,
with the right transformation, suddenly lose their regularity. (For you practical engineering folks, noise sources and other physical
randomness sources will in most cases be enough, even if the
randomness can never be "proved.")
--Tim May
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
: The usefulness of a one-time pad seems to hinge on whether the sequence
: of key bits is really random.  Could someone post a short, not too
: technical definition of randomness of a bit string?  In particular, is
: this a mathematical property, or just a general measure of whether the
: string is "predictable"?  Does it depend on the nature of the cryptanalyst
: or only on the string of bits?  (In other words, if the key is based on
: an Albanian translation of "Mary had a little lamb" is it random if you
: don't know Albanian?)
: Could a program test a key for randomness, or is this meaningless?
A fascinating question! The answer lies at the heart of what we mean
by randomness, complexity, predictability, regularity, and falls into
the field of Kolmogorov-Chaitin complexity, or algorithmic information
theory. Also called "descriptive complexity."
Basic definition: A random string has no shorter description than
itself. That is, it is incompressible.
(Practically, we know "random strings" won't compress much...sometimes
a compressor will shorten them, sometimes it will lengthen them. The
notion above, that random strings will not compress, is very general
and applies in the limit, not for some particular instance of a
string--and some particular instance, e.g., "1 0 0 0 1 1 0" will of
course have a good chance of having some particular compressions, some
short description.)
One consequence is "regularity": all digits of a base will be equally
represented in the limit. Another consequence, as noted in one of the
other followups to this question, is unpredictability of the next
element or bit in a sequence. (Predictability of bits would imply a
Cryptography is an interesting situtation. Charles Bennett talks about
"cryptoregular" strings in a paper in the "Physics of Computation"
Proceedings (1992, IEEE Press). A cryptoregular string _appears_ to
have high entropy ("maximum randomness") and regularity (all symbols
equally represented), and thus to be "random." But application of the
_key_ will show the string is actually low entropy ("Mary had a little
lamb, it's fleece was white as snow...") and is very compressible (the
name of the song is the compressed version, for example).
Good cryptography means cryptoregular strings.
A fascinating discovery by Chaitin and others (Kolmogorov, Solomnoff,
Martin-Lof, Levin all worked in this area) is that one can never prove
a given sequence or string is "random." As in some diabolically clever
IQ test, an apparently random sequence may have some shorter
description, or compression, that means it does not fit this
definition of randomness.
Having said this, it is clear that for practical purposes, many
sources used to generate "random numbers," e.g., noise diodes, alpha
particles, tosses of a coin, etc., are "effectively random" (don't ask
me to define this!) in that no compression/prediction will ever be
done, though we can never be absolutely certain one does not exist!
A nice book on this stuff just came out: "An Introduction to
Kolmogorov Complexity and Its Applications," by Li and Vitanyi, 1993,
Springer-Verlag. Cryptography per se is not mentioned (a disappointing
lapse), but the ideas are widely applicable.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-24 19:46:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Randomness of a bit string 
I don't believe this is overstating the case at all. To quote Gregory
Chaitin, from a context I cannot do justice here: "...leads to the
demonstration that a specific number cannot be proved random."
("Information, Randomness, and Incompleteness: Papers on Algortithmic
Information Theory," Second Edition, 1993)
To see this another way, suppose an algorithm existed to always know
if a given number is "random" or not. Then application of this
algorithm to the natural numbers would presumably find the "smallest
random number," such as "729." (An inside joke.) But this smallest
random number would itself be intensely interesting and hardly random.
And so on, a la the Berry Paradox and other well-know cousins of
Godel's Theorem.
If someone claims they can "prove" the sequence "0
1101100110111100010" is really random, ask them _how_. Ask them if the
compression "Chaitin 27," meaning the example number given on page 27
of Chaitin's book is not that same number, making it hardly random.
(Is it cheating to invoke other systems, books, etc. in the
definition? Hardly. Cryptographers do it all the time. The mass of
planet motion observation data certainly _looked_ random to ancient
astronomers, until Kepler found his amazing compression of the data.)
There is a mass of stuff here, and much room for us all getting
tangled up in what randomness really means, what algorithms are,
formal definitions (with reference to Turing machines and whether they
halt or not, etc.), and so on. I urge interested readers to read
Chaitin's papers, which are focused on issues of randomness, and also
the Li and Vitanyi book.
I stand by my point that no number or sequence can be proved to be random.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-25 01:06:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Randomness of a bit string 
There seems to be a misinterpretation of the point I was making about
randomness and how no number (or sequence) can be _proved_ to be random.
The point here is for a number or sequence which is _given_, just
presented, as in:
"Is the sequence 100010001010110010101 random?"
"Is the number 9045886804 random?"
Variants of this question come up all the time, as in predicting the
next term of a sequence, trying to determine if a sequence of
characters is likely to be just noise or is instead likely to be a
message, and in issues of whether data is maximally compressed or can
be compressed still further.
These numbers are "found objects" in the sense that one generally has
no idea what "model" or "theory" generated them.
Someone looking at the first example, 100010001010110010101, might
subject it to all kinds of tests:
-visual inspection to see if it's some "obvious" number (such as
"1010101010101010" would be, or "01011101110111" might be)
-statistical tests, to see if it deviates "significantly" from the
expected pattern of random numbers (regular distribution of digits, of
pairs, triples, quadruples, etc.). The usual arsenal of entropy
measurements, chi-square tests, null hypothesis testing, etc.
-other tests to see if the number is related to other known numbers,
which could be things like the day of the year, the digits of pi, the
phone number of whoever generated the number, etc.
-other tests and guesses that cryptanalysts and puzzle-solvers are
familiar with
A plausible result for someone to announce, after such a series of
tests, is "I can't find any patterns, and the distribution of digits
falls within expected ranges. We've compared the number against the
suspect's various numbers and can find no linkages. It looks pretty
random to us." (By "random" he essentially means "like the result of a
sequence of coin tosses." Fair coin, of course.)
But can he ever say "I can prove the number is random"? No. There's
always some chance an even-cleverer puzzle solver will find the
pattern, the key that unlocks the randomness. For example, most
ciphertexts pass nearly all statistical tests for randomness, "look"
random, and even _act_ like random numbers (recall the Blum-Blum-Shub
pseudorandom number generator and how good it is). But simple
application of the key turns the seemingly random
"100010001010110010101" into "ATTACK."
Let's look at the second example. Is the number "9045886804" random or
not? And can we _prove_ it's random? (If you're worred that these
numbers are somehow too small, don't worry. The same reasoning applies
to any number or sequence one might encounter, including short numbers
and multi-page numbers or sequences (such as PGP might generate)).
The cryptanalyst or problem-solver looks for the patterns, the
statistical distributions and entropies, and _any other_ links he can
think of. That is, his "models" for the generator of this number are
not known to him, but he may make some guesses based on the owner of
the number, the score in the SuperBowl, the age of Bill Clinton, etc.
That is, he'll look to see if the number is some sort of simple cipher
or transpostion based on one of the "unrandom" numbers around him.
To cut to the chase, can he ever "prove" the number is random? Can he
even claim that the generator of the number "must have" used a process
that is commonly used to generate numbers with a good approximation to
a random process (flippin coins, alpha counts, etc.)?
Suppose he declares to his boss, Admiral Inman, that he has "proved"
the number is "random." Inman says to him: "This post was written by
this trouble-maker Tim May, who even gives his phone number in every
post he writes. What happens if we reverse the digits of his number?
408-688-5409 turns into 9045886804! Some "random" number! Clean out
your desk tonight."
Now is it kosher to take the "theory" of my phone number and allow it
to be included in the analysis of wheter a number is random or not? Of
course it is! In the real world, this is what we mean by randomness
and predictabilty, whether we can find patterns and structure. And
this is what cryptanalysts really do, and what good password-guessing
programs do: they take account owner information such as name,
spouse's name, pet's name, birthdate, and any other information they
can scrounge about an account owner and then run permuations and hope
for the best. Some percentage of the time, the passwords are
"guessed," meaning that they were not very random at all.
(This was the point I was making about famous numbers (like "729"),
paradoxes (there are no "uninteresting" numbers, because the smallest
"uninteresting" number is automatically interesting, and in fact is
has a short description), and the number listed in Chaitin's book. I
hope this explanation here makes it a bit clearer.)
In this real world of trying to break cyphers, all is fair. All models
may be considered, though not all models can be (e.g., one would not
try applying the phone number of Chester Umbizi in Nairobi, Kenya at
No number can be proved to have no shorter description than itself.
And as various shorter descriptions are found, with whatevr effort it
takes, it cannot be proved that the description is the shortest that
will ever be found. It may be strongly susepected that no shorter
description exists. In fact, most numbers are incompressible, but a
simple counting argument, in any theory. (For example, of the
100-binary-digits, not many of them have 50-digit compressions, and
even fewer have 10-digit descriptions. Work out the numbers.)
So, if someone tells you they've "proved" a particular number is
random, just smile.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-25 20:46:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Randomness of a bit string 
(I'm gonna take a breather on this "randomness of a bit string" thread
after sending this post off. I agree with what many folks have
written, and was especially glad to see Scott Collins' nice summary
earlier today about the difficulties in describing randomness. It's a
fascinating topic, with even some practical consequences for
Cypherpunks....maybe.) Let me first point out that _any_ string can be "compressed" into
"ATTACK" with the right mapping. My house could be stormed my Reno's
Raiders and the number 100010001010110010101 subjected to thorough
scrutiny at the Fort. Lo and behold, they could find the string which
when applied to my string (by some process) outputs "ATTACK."
There are some subtle issues of "relevance" that need to be addressed.
As an example, if a number written down somewhere in my house produces
the transformation into "ATTACK," that's presumably of more relevance
than if the NSA finds some number lying around (and of course they can
_construct_ such a number easily). I'm sure cryptanalysts take such
things into account, but formal theories don't seem to have addressed
this (but I may just be unaware of papers along these lines). And
certainly the courts have yet to touch on this issue, so far as I
Scott Collins nicely summarized the difficulties in calling any number
random (echoing the points I was making, perhaps less formally), and
Phil Karns was right when he said "Randomness is in the eye of the
beholder." (He may've been making an ironic point about my arguments,
but he was still right.)
Back to Ray's point:
Yeah, but the complexity of the algorithm, and the "CPU effort" needed
to mount the analysis is not considered part of "Kolmogorov
complexity." That's just the formalism. Since the effort is indeed
important (e.g., the complexity of DNA strings, for example, gives
evidence that many billions of years of compression, massaging, more
compression, etc. happened), others have developed measures of
complexity which take into account the effort, the CPU cycles, if you
Greg Chaitin first looked at this in 1966, but it was left to fellow
IBM researcher Charles Bennett (whom Cypherpunks may know as the
coinventor with Gilles Brassard of "quantum cryptography," and also a
pioneer in reversible computation) to label the idea "logical depth"
and explore the ramifications more deeply (pun intended).
Logical depth addresses the issues Ray is raising. A good summary is
in "The Turing Machine: A Half-Century Survey," edited by Rolf Herken,
and published in about 1991.
Yes, as Perry Metzger once showed on this list, even the longest of
posts can be compressed into the period at the end of this sentence.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-25 23:46:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: clipper pin-compatible chip 
Yeah, a lot of folks suggested the same thing (I didn't, so I'm
neutral on the credit issue). It was debated in scy.crypt, as well as
here on Cypherpunks.
Reverse-engineering the Clipper/Capstone/Skipjack chips to the point
of allowing drop-in replacements would entail several things:
1. Access to the Clipper chips. I don't think the AT&T phones ("Reach
out and tap someone") are available yet...reports of yield problems,
delays, unhappiness at AT&T with the pace of deliveries, etc. I don't
know if Mykotronx, or their chip supplier (VLSI Technology Inc.) is
selling chips to end users....Arthur Abraham follows this and may
So, getting enough chips is the first step.
2. "Peeling" the chip is the next step, that is, getting access to the
innards of the chip. Reports are that VTI is using various
tamper-resistant technologies to make peeling the chip harder. (My
guesses: etch-resistant epoxies, increased glass passivation/scratch
protection, and judicious use of 3-layer metal processess to make
probing difficult.)
3. Remember, testing the chip and attaching logic proves is generally
not sufficient to deduce the internal layout. Emulation cannot be done
this easily. The circuitry must match up to some extent (not exactly,
but more than just partial emulation).
4. I expect the Skipjace algorithm cannot be "faked" without knowing
the algorithm, and more. Several articles on this have alluded to the
difficulties in producing plausible-looking LEEFs (Law Enforcement
Exploitation Fields) without greater knowledge of the algorithms and
the keys assigned (I believe, but I could be wrong) to the specific
5. My guess is that a reverse engineering job on Clipper would cost
more than $200K for a commercial service to do, perhaps cheaper for
some motivated grad students at Berkeley or Stanford to do. (But then
they probably are thinking about other things.) And the job would
still have a fair chance of failing, not being a good enough
emulation, etc.
I suspect this is why such a project isn't going anywhere. The cost
and expertise needed, and the basic lack of a motivation.
The lack of motivation comes from the feeling of many of us that the
talk of Clipper, of weaknesses in it, etc., is misguided, that the
proper approach is reject key escrow on general principles. Convincing
businesses and individuals to steer clear of Clipper is an easier win.
(And if unapproved crypto is outlawed, all bets are off. Emulations
are not likely to pass muster, either.)
Finally, I've heard no repudiation of the other idea many folks have
suggested, some the day Clipper was announced (me, for example), and
some very recently: encrypt your data with your own algorithm prior to
using the government's system, should it be mandated. Unless they open
your packets, they'll never know. If they open your packets and
complain, claim it was something like bits for a test of randomness,
etc. (Too many variations on this to go into now. Suffice it to say
that outlawing the sending of bits that they can't "understand" is too
hard to enforce, even with foreseseable trends.)
But I don't want to discourage DrZaphod from launching such a project
to reverse-engineer the Clipper chip....I wish him luck on this
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-26 10:52:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Randomness of a bit string 
No, we wouldn't call you or anyone else an idiot for not having seen
this compression farce a couple of years ago, not when we're just
recovering from The Snake that Cannot Be Named.
The WEB thing was really a hoot. Do what Ray suggests and read the FAQ
in the compression group. (You know, there needs to be a "High Tech
Urban Legends" book....I can see someone asking: "I heard there was
this great compression algorithm, but the disk drive makers bought up
the rights to it to keep it off the market...")
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-26 11:42:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: clipper pin-compatible chip 
Good summary. I miss have missed the subtleties the original poster
(DrZaphod, as I recall) was making, about only a partial emulation. I
had assumed the idea was to defeat the Clipper proposal by
substituting a chip either not implementing all Clipper features
(notably, key escrow) or different in some other way.
"Socket compatible" is more than just matching up some voltages on
some pins, etc. The new chip must of course operate with the software
of the Clipperphone, or the jig is up and there's no point in even
dropping in a new chip! This was, as Mike correctly notes, the
starting point for my analysis.
If the new chip does not even work with the Clipper software, does not
behave like a real Clipper chip would, what's the point? Surely the
Clipperphones will not be bought and then modified because they are
"cheap." And if we do our job, they will not be _ubiquitous_ either.
Some of the plans underway for Soundblaster card-based voice
encryption (probably using CELP on a fast 486 machine, or faster) seem
more rewarding.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-26 19:57:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymous Anonymous ftp 
This is what digital mixes are aimed at, of course. Not just
protecting mail against traffic analysis, but creating fully anonymous
transaction system--it follows, does it not, that a fully anonymous
2-way system means Alice doesn't know who Bob really is, or where his
site is located?
As a concrete example, does anyone know where the "BlackNet" site is?
Or "Sam Hill," or any of the other various pseudonyms?
With good mixes (along the lines of the second generation remailer I
wrote about recently) and 2-way communication (more on this in a
minute), the "truly anonymous server" is possible and even imminent.
How is anonymous 2-way communication possible? Several ways:
- prepaid mailers, good for sending a packet to a destination. With
the final address nested insided a series of encrypted packets, no mix
along the way can identify Bob without extensive collusion with other
(The last remailer can in theory identify Bob, but he has no idea what
is being sent, or even that Bob is the "final recipient." Indeed, Bob
just looks like yet another remailer. Standard "Mixes 101" stuff.)
- pools, a la the pools used by Miron Cuperman and by my own BlackNet
experiment. Not a fast 2-way communication system, but it works.
- a Penet-style 2-way system, with additional security. Multiple
Penet-style remappers could handle name translations and only
collusion between them would reveal real identities. (And more sneaky
methods can be used to lessen this chance, too.)
There are probably other known methods, and others still to be
An "anonymous anonymous ftp" system is certainly feasible. The prepaid
mailer ideas would also fit in with digital postage ideas.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-27 00:12:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymous Anonymous ftp 
Jim Miller asks for an example:
I'll use Lisp-like notation to encapsulate the sending of a packet to
a remailer "Bob." If Alice wishes to send a packet to Bob, she creates
this packet:
(Bob (more stuff))
I'm assuming encryption, which several remailers support and which all
users and all remailers should be using.
Bob gets this packet, decrypts with his private key and recovers the
"more stuff." He may discover "more stuff" contains some digital money
for his troubles, instructions on how much latency (number of
messages, for example) to use, and where to send the resulting packet.
All kinds of stuff can fit in here. But that's not the point.
If Alice wanted to send a message to Zeke, through a bunch of
remailers, she might create this initial message:
(Bob (Charles (Doris (Ed (........ (Zeke (final stuff))))....)))
Envelopes within envelopes within envelopes. (Naturally we need better
tools for doing this encapsulization, as manual efforts are too
error-prone, besides being hideously boring.)
All well and good if Alice knows the names of all the remailers she
wishes to use, their public keys, and of course the name and public
key of Zeke, to whom she wishes to send the final message. But what if
she doesn't know anything about Zeke except his public key?
(The pool approach is one approach. But for this example, to answer
Jim Miller's question, I'll look at alternatives. Not all the details
have been worked out, and certainly nobody has implemented this
"prepaid mailer," as they have with pools (e.g., BlackNet), but I
think the idea is sound.)
Zeke sells "prepaid mailers" via other anonymous methods, that is, he
wants people to be able to rapidly send him messages with mailers that
can be bought at their leisure, using slower systems like pools. (An
important point, as the time available for buying a prepaid mailer may
be much greater than that for sending the message. "Carrier pigeons"
come to mind.)
This prepaid mailer is a list of encryptions to be done (with the
possibility of instructions added in each inner message). Anyone
wishing to communicate with Zeke thus runs the script or program and
(Bill (Cindy (Darla (Earl (......(Zeke (...)))))...)
But doesn't this immediately point to "Zeke"? And where to send it?
(Remember, we're not using pools here. A pool--a publically visible
posting place--simplifies things and makes the solution more elegant,
but I'm trying to avoid the use of pools for this example.)
In each prepaid remailer, Zeke has a unique public-private key
pair...not his widely advertised public key. He shares his public key
with his prececessor in the remailer chain, Yancy, and instructs him
(pays him, of course) to make similar arrangements with _his_
predecessor, Xandor. That is, a cooperative pairwise sharing
propagates up a chain and the one-use-only public keys are then
propagated back down the chain to the end.
What results, if my thinking is correct, is a path through the web of
remailers such that any given node knows only its immediate
predecessor and its immediate successor. None of them knows the final
node (Zeke), because of this nearest neighbor effect.
So, Alice buys a prepaid remailer and applies the public keys one
after another, from Zeke to Yancy to Xandor to.... Charles and to Bob.
The public keys are known only to the nearest neighbors and so Alice
has no idea of which remailers she is actually using.
She sends the packet (Bob (Charles (..... (Xandor (Yancy (Zeke)))...)
to Bob, he opens it, sees the public key and looks up in his
back-propagated list what the next node is to be, etc.
[Confusion alert! Without pictures there is the major risk that
readers who have read this far will get hopelessly lost here...or even
earlier. What I want to emphasize is that this is not the normal
process, where a public key is closely identified with a node or site
in the remailer web. In this situation, the instructions for where to
remail _to_ are only shared pairwise, so that "Leonard" knows where to
send messages that belong to a particular prepaid mailer _to_. Not
even Zeke knows the big picture...he just _subcontracts_ the work to
his predecessor, who in turn subcontracts to...and so on recursively.]
The message rattles around this web, with each "subcontractor"
fulfilling the terms of his contract and handing on the message.
Eventually Zeke gets it and the message has been received.
Not that even Yancy does not know Zeke is the final recipient....this
is important. (Every recipient of such messages should also be a
potential remailer...I call this the "mixes as first class objects"
Will this work?

@_date: 1994-01-27 10:12:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymous Pools 
The "message drop" is essentially what a "pool" is, and such pools
have been run before, and may still be running. (That few use them is
an ongoing issue.)
Mailing a message anonymously to a bulletin board, a newsgroup, or
some other publically accessible area is the idea. A newsgroup (Eric
Hughes and I proposed the facetious newsgroup "alt.w.a.s.t.e" for such
messages, after Pynchon's mail service in "The Crying of Lot 49") has
the advantage of worldwide distribution and essentially no ability to
trace who reads the group. I used the groups "alt.extropians" and
"alt.fan.david-sternlight" for the anonymous posting pools to be used
with my example of "BlackNet."
Of course, world-readable newsgroups will not continue to work
forever, as volume of messages increases. (On the other hand, net
bandwidth may increase faster than pool use, so....)
Hope this helps.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-27 10:22:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: clipper pin-compatibl 
Yeah, I guess Duncan is right. I did write some comments about the
procedures that would be needed to reverse-engineer the Clipper chip
(having started Intel's electron-beam analysis lab in 1981), but I
don't think I ever advocated it as a Cyperpunks project, that's for
(If I'm misremembering, someone will correct me.)
Spending this kind of money and time, and gathering the expertise, is
not something you do on a lark, or because it would be cool. A company
seriously motivated to take on the Clipperphone _might_ attempt such a
thing, but probably wouldn't, for lots of reasons.
If some of you wish to start a major project to reverse-engineer the
Clipper, or the Skipjack, etc., good luck!
Might I suggest first spending several thousand dollars to buy--if you
can--some Clipperphones, then tear them apart to see how the chips are
mounted (rumor: surface mount, hard to get at) and what kind of
encapsulization is used. I'll be happy to provide a few hours or more
of free consulting on what kind of plasma asher you'll need to get to
the chip surface, some approaches to voltage-contrast analysis, and
other "peeling" steps to consider.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-27 12:52:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymous Anonymous ftp 
Good points, and I'm sure there are other weaknesses and points of
Zeke may be able to mitigate the risks somewhat by providing Yancy
with an acceptable list of remailers, ones he trusts. Cut-and-choose,
Or his prepaid mailer may split the message into n pieces, for added
resistance to compromise.
The main thing I wanted to get across with reopening the debate on
this (and if it inspires Eric Messick, this will be reward enough) is
that the web of remailers may have many modes of use. Some in which
the nodes are known and named and the sender picks a route to the
receiver, others in which the receiver picks the route and arranges
for this kind of "prepaid mailer" which the sender simply drops into
the system.
The use of pools makes this more elegant, I believe. Some messages
could be copied out of these pools (or "digital dead drops," in
crypto-spy lingo) and then routed onward.
Thanks for the comments! And, again, I really wish we had some
blackboards to iron out some details and fix whatever flaws pop up.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-28 15:53:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Quantum cryptography 
To add to Duncan's comments, quantum cryptography involves the
relation between _expertise_ in cryptography and _verbosity_ in
talking about it. The more someone knows, the less they talk, and the
less someone knows, the more they talk.
Expertise x Verbosity = d, where d is of course Detweiler's Constant.
At least this is how I learned it in Crypto 101.
Uncertainly, --Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-30 19:12:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
Matt Thomlinson was/is one of the True Pioneers of Cypherpunkdom, and
I would give him a "Cypherpunk of the Whatever Award," were such
things not in bad taste (pace Detweiler!) and also beyond my
prerogative to give.
Which points to yet another feature needed in the The Next Generation
Remailer: a bulletproof site! I don't think I emphasized this enough
in my list of desirable features. Having offshore (out of the U.S.)
sites is nice, but having sites resistant to pressures from
universities and corporate site administrators is of even greater
practical consequence.
The commercial providers, like Netcom, Portal, and Panix, cannot be
counted on to stand and fight should pressures mount (this is just my
guess, not an aspersion against their backbones, whether organic or
Standalone boxes with their own domain names, like the "ah.com" of
Hughes and Abraham, or the "io.com" of the Austin folks, would seem to
be the way to go. How we could or should use these boxes, how to
recompense them for the traffic and (potential) hassle, are issues for
us to talk about.
In any case, in a few years I expect we'll see thousands of such
sites, and fraidy-cat sysadmins will be a thing of the past.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-01-30 19:39:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Humor? 
Did you hear the one about about the remailers that had so much
traffic the remailer scripts couldn't keep up?
Seems it was a case of "Perl Jam."
(Inspired by writing my last post about Matt Thomlinson's Seattle site
and thinking about the Seattle sound. I'm not a fan, particularly.
Eric Hughes let me tape a CD of either Pearl Jam or Nirvana--I can't
tell which is which.)

@_date: 1994-07-01 09:22:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Electronic press ?=? Paper press 
(quoting Duncan Frissell)
Not so.
Writers who use computers, journalists who write directly to
electronic distribution, etc., are just as protected against
censorship or prior restraint as paper-oriented journalists are.
Any law which required, for example, writers like us to submit their
writings to some government censorship agency would of course be
struck down immediately.
(Note: "Wartime" situations may be different, which is why I fear the
term "War" in "War on Drugs," "War on Money Launderers," and "War on
Barny Bashers.")
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-01 09:44:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: What motivates crypto-folk? 
I regret that I've been too busy to comment on much on the left vs.
right debate here, but Mats Bergstrom's analysis merit's comment:
"Mayists"! Kind of like Maoists--but different!
Yes, I've seen few if any of these extremes on this list.
Mats has accurately captured the flavor of crypto anarchy, and how it
differes from more conventionally libertarian anarchocapitalist views.
Specifically, large corporations are unlikely to thrive...for the
simple Cyperpunkish reason that a large group can't very well keep
secrets. (I'm not arguing that an Intel or a Pfizer _deserves_ to have
its secrets sold, only that this is a consequence of increased
informational degrees of freedom, privacy, and strong crypto.)
I'm suspicious about the "minimal standard of living" point, though,
but will note that private charity tends to work when the
disabled/retarded component of the population is less than about 10%.
(When more and more people claim disabilities, inability to work,
psychic damage, or just plain unwillingness to work, charity won't
work. And my belief is that coercion of charity (=taxes) also won't
work.) But I mostly agree with everything Mats has said. Leftists should take
heart that crypto anarchy also reduces the power of corporations (many
of whom climb into bed with government the first chance they get to
suppress competition, get favorable laws and patents, etc. As
Mussolini said, "Fascism *is* corporatism.")
Many leftists I know claim to be anti-capitalist, naturally. But they
are often deeply market-oriented, participating in "farmer's markets"
with zeal. To libertarians, of course, this *is* capitalism! (Read
Karl Hess' "Capitalism for Kids" for an easy treatment of this. Lots
of other libertarian books, too.)
This list has traditionally not been a place to debate left-right or
libertarian issues. Passing references, yes, but not serious debate.
In accord with this unwritten rule, I'll stop now.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-01 10:02:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: My view on Forwardings 
I agree with Graham Toal that forwardings are getting out of hand. I'm quick on the "Delete" key, as Sandy Sandfort is, so it doesn't
bother me _too_ much. But what it does indicated is general
For example, minutes ago I received yet another forwarding of the
"USACM" press release! Did the forwarder think we had not seen the
versions sent yesterday?
Or perhaps he was not reading the list closely enough to see these
forwardings--and thought we needed another copy just for good measure.
My solution is to keep a list (manually) of folks who have acted
thusly, and then to avoid responding to them in the future. (I can't
easily implement kill files in "elm.")
I might suggest a "press release list" that people could subscribe to,
except that alternate lists have failed, and the forwarders are
unlikely to remain confined to such a narrow forum. And as Graham
noted, numerous newsgroups already exist for such press releases.
I have to admit that I've started to ignore most EFF, CPSR, and EPIC
press releases, as they are low on content and heavy on long-winded
policy statements.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-01 12:42:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: What motivates crypto-folk? 
I'm also tired of them, and I don't spam folks who are liberals or
leftists. I've generally found that people's political views are
formed when they are of college age, and rarely change significantly
after that. Not sure why this is so, but I think it is.
Just to be clear about this, in no way, shape or form am I just
"waiting for governments to collapse."
I'll make the charitable assumption that "I prefer doing something with
the tools at hand to dreaming" is not an insinuation that we
libertarians or crypto anarchists are idle dreamers.
The Jains eschew eating living things, while the Mayists *only* eat
freshly-killed meat. But you knew that.
--Klaus! von Future Prime

@_date: 1994-07-01 13:37:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Physical storage of key is the weakest link 
Much more likely:
* Diskettes left lying around. Secret keys on home computers.
* Incompletely erased files. (Norton Utilities can recover erased
files; mil-grade multiple-pass erasure may be needed.)
A simple search warrant executed on your premises will usually crack
open all your crypto secrets. (Fixes to this are left as an exercise.)
Where to store one's secret key is an issue that makes academic the
issue of whether one's key can be compelled. A diskette stored at
one's home, in one's briefcase, etc., can be gotten. A pendant or
dongle or whatever that stores the key can also be gotten. The
passphrase (8-12 characters, typically) is secure, but not the key.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-01 15:27:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Physical storage of key is the weakest link 
I haven't seen a formal analysis of the strength of PGP if the secret
key is known but the passphrase is still secure, but from conventional
crypto we would assume that the search space would be greatly reduced.
My passphrase, for example, is 11 characters long. Other folks may use
fewer characters. And many people pick passphrases of less total entropy (that is, more
predictable). Fragments of names, phrases, etc.
The number of passphrase guesses that would have to be made depends on
the characters used and the particular characters chose. For example,
if most people use 8 characters chosen from the 26 letters, in one
case, then 26^8 = 2 x 10e11 possibilities. Increasing this to, say, 40
characters and a length of 10 implies 4 x 10e17 possibilities, which
is almost out of reach for brute-force cracking.
(But most passphrases picked by humans have lower entropy than this.)
Speculatively, knowing the passphrase-encrypted secret key may make it
easier to crack RSA; this is just a speculation. It is not yet even
been proven that RSA is a strong as factoring. i.e., we don't know for
sure that the RSA information provided as part of the protocol doesn't
in some way make the problem simpler than straight factoring of the
In short, these are reasons to keep your secret key secret. Your
passphrase alone may be insufficient (else why not just dispense with
the secret key and just have a passphrase?).
I haven't checked to see what Schneier or Zimmermann had to say about
this, so maybe they have more information.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-01 16:32:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Beware of keystroke capture tools! 
I want to remind folks of another _practical_ security weakness in
using PGP or any other crypto program: keystroke capture utilities.
These are small utilities (inits in Mac terms, perhaps TSRs in DOS
terms, and who knows what in Windoze terms) that record all keyboard
input. Very useful for recovering from crashes and such.
These started in the Unix community, where I've forgotten the name
("history"?). In the Mac community, "Last Resort" has been doing this
for a couple of years, and now several other packages offer similar
capabilities (QuicKeys has "GhostWriter," or somesuch).
Many's the time I've forgotten I had thse things enabled, only to find
in my System Folder a folder marked "Saved Work" or the like,
containing files of all the histories from each rebooting.
The security risks are obvious:
* passphrases (and perhaps even the original key generation process,
in toto) are captured over and over again.
* the stored history files may be tucked away in odd places on one's
disk, on various backup tapes made, and so on. (Easily recoverable
with search warrants.)
* anyone with access to one's machine (a snoopy coworker, an employer,
a spouse, even an NSA black bag job) can insert this harmless-looking
utility and then pick up the results later.
There are commands to bypass such keystroke capture--specifically
intended to head off these breaches--but most people will forget
sometimes, and may not even know the program is installed. (And there
are at least 3 of these for the Mac, so confusion is increased.)
This is a well-known security concern, but I thought it important to
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-01 20:13:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Physical storage of key is the weakest link 
Matt Thomlinson tells us one truth and one lie in his post:
This is true. It doesn't happy very often.
This, however, is almost certainly not true. Unless Matt stops
posting, he's bound to slip up again.

@_date: 1994-07-02 09:47:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: IS IT POSSIBLE? 
Yes. PCs, and especially the _monitors_ of PCs, put out a lot of RF.
(Most of you will have seen that turning on your PC or Mac near a
television with an antenna input--as opposed to cable input--will
cause various kinds of "hash" on the t.v.)
It's been possible for many years to build a box which can "tune in"
to the RF and actually see a direct replica of what's on the CRT. This
from some distance. A paper on this was done a while back, from which
the name "van Eck" or "Van Eck" comes. How far away, and whether a van parked a block away can do it, is
unknown to me. There are people on this list who have done
this...perhaps they can comment anonymously.
Note that the TEMPEST spec for shielding equipment is directly related
to this.
Is this a concern for ordinary Cypherpunks? Well, I don't worry about
it. I'm presently fairly upfront about my views, and use encryption
very rarely, ironic as that may seem.
What can be done?
* Laptops put out much less RF (try the television test). The LCD
doesn't have the deflector coils of a CRT to radiate in synch with the
screen action, so the problem of snooper is much harder.
(My Powerbook 170 still puts "wavy lines" on an antenna-input t.v., so
_something_ is being emitted....whethe it is _readable_ is another
matter. But then, the NSA has a lot more expertise than most of us
have, so....)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-02 13:54:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA and CSS Computer Resources 
I didn't comment before on Michael Wilson's revelations about the
Maryland Procurement Office (and how it revealed NSA purchases). But I
will now.
Actually, there are much cheaper way to get even more accurate data.
Gunter Ahrendt has been the compiler of a list of supercomputer sites,
a list which he publishes weekly in comp.sys.super. (I haven't seen it
recently, so it may be dormant for the summer.)
Here's an excerpt for the NSA and CSS:
2) 83.73 - (02-JUN-1993) [NSA]
        National Security Agency,California,US
        1) 3 * Cray C916-512  83.73
3) 69.79 - (22-JUL-1993) [CSS]
        National Computing Security Center,Central Security
        Security Agency Headquarters,Fort George G Meade,Maryland,US,
        postmaster at ftmeade-eas.army.mil
        1)     TMC CM-5/512     ~35.04  {linearly scaled from a 64CPU
        2) 5 * Cray Y-MP/8-256   34.75
I don't discount the possibility that NSA, CSS, NRO, etc. try to hide
some of their purchases--certainly in budgets, if not physically. But
in general they have little to gain by hiding the fact that they have,
for example, 8 Connection Machines. After all, Thinking Machines knows
(purchase, service), and word gets out.
Ahrendt has had good accuracy.
In any case, the number of supercomputers the NSA and its related
affiliate agencies have is not too worrisome to me.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-02 16:44:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: 'Black' budget purchases 
That the NSA contracted National Semiconductor to build a facility
on-site has been common knowledge since 1989-90. The fab is not state
of the art (i.e., is not 1.8 micron or better) and is believed to be
used for the very reasonable purpose of producing keying material in a
secure environment (ROMs, PROMs, fuse-linked micros, PLAs, etc.). It
is unlikely--but possible--that high-performance micros are being
manufactured there.
This is nonsense. A typical 1024-bit RSA system uses p and q close to
512 bits each, e.g., 511 and 513. Whatever.
Now a 512-bit number is a 150-plus decimal digit number. About .5-1%
of all of these numbers are prime (by the Prime Number Theorem, or
somesuch...about 1/N of all N-digit numbers are prime, as I recall).
How big a keyspace is this to start searching "systematically"?
Considering that there are "only" about 10^73 particles of all kinds
in the entire universe (based on our best estimate of the size of the
universe, the density of galaxies, gas clouds, etc.), this means that
if every particle in the universe were searching for and recording the
primes they discovered, each particle would have to store 10^77
So much for "a powerful systematic search for primes that fit that
"Parallel versus scalar processing"? Parallelism means nothing at
these scales...see the above point.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-02 18:48:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Reply to Tim May's comments 
This'll have to be my last reply to Michael Wilson. No offense meant,
but we are not even close to speaking the same language. Your phrasing is Greek to me. The primes are generated by picking a
very large random number, of 150 digits or so (depends on key length
chosen), and then iterating-and-testing until a prime is found. (I
wrote a version of this for my own crude version of RSA, in
Mathematica...not very fast, but immensely educational for me.)
So I run this and start with a random number of: 3865018936355867.....38587493661988826448627 (152 digits)
I run this process a second time and get:
193648376263874....8747487458364253 (152 digits)
And I could keep running this as many times as I like, with the
numbers being different every time.
(These are just examples, not real numbers.)
Now tell me, even granted that my RNG is not "perfect" (in the sense
we talk about so often here), how could an attacker--even one using
the "psychology and systems analysis" Wilson cites--know where to
start? Which number I generated? The search space is just too
large. Just too much entropy.
PGP, for example, asks for keyboard input to get enough entropy. (I
assume some of the collected entropy goes directly into the prime
generation process, of course.) Even all the world's supercomputers are not going to be able guess (in
any number of trials in a million years) the specific 140- or 150- or
160-digit number I generated. (Caveat: Unless the RNG is a brain-dead
seeded generator. But that's why MailSafe, PGP, and other programs ask
for keyboard input as a source of entropy. Even if the distillation of
entropy results in "only" 250 bits of entropy, it's still hopeless to
try to enumerate the primes.)
I agree with Graham Toal: it's time Michael Wilson either _tells us_
what his magical schemes are, or shuts up. Pompous language is no
substitute for meaningful information.
Gobbledegook! A "parallel" machine with 1024 nodes is at most 1024
times faster than a single node...no magical gains. The RSA-129
challenge did use lots (hundreds, maybe thousands) of nodes, but this
was--as expected--a proportionate gain.
Saying an intractable problem becomes tractable with "parallel
processing" is simply wrong. I suppose one could magically hypothesize
a machine with "10^100 nodes" and say "See, parallel processing
allowed us to factor this and such number," but this is pure fantasy.
Exponential blowup (non-polynomial time) means just that...a few
factors of 16 or 4096 or whatever just don't make a difference.
Please provide us with specifics of your methods. If you say they are
"proprietary" or that you are seeking a patent on them, I won't be
surprised. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-02 18:50:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA Wafer Fab 
Whoops! I meant to say "0.8 micron."
For reference points, 66 MHz Pentiums are typically 0.8 micron, 90 and
100 MHz Pentiums are typically 0.6-0.65 micron, and absolute state of
the fabs are 0.4 micron (a few in Japan, a few in the U.S.--all very
large and very expensive). Intel is spending $1.3 billion (that's $1.3
thousand million to you Brits) on a 0.25 micron fab to be completed in
1996-7 in Chandler, Arizona.
If the NSA is building special-purpose cipher-crunchers (which would
not surprise any of us), they could easily buy the 1000 or 10,000 or
whatever number in the market. They would be fools to try to
manufacture state of the art microprocessors in a relatively small,
several years old, facility on the outskirts of Fort Meade.
(By cipher-crunchers, I mean DES-busters, maybe password-searchers,
but not 300-digit number factorers, a la my last post.)
The NSC fab at NSA may well be a 1 - 1.5 micron fab, considering it's
genealogy. But not much better than that, I would guess. Just as
important as the lithographic feature sizes supported is the "Class"
rating of the wafer fab (a measure of air purity in terms of particles
per unit volume).
The NSA fab is almost certainly not a Class 10 fab, and is probably
used to fab MSI and LSI components. Maybe a little bit of VLSI.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-02 23:43:40
@_author: Timothy C. May by way of tcmay@netcom.com Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA and CSS Computer Resources 
Earlier I mentioned the list of supercomputer installations that Gunter
Ahrendt maintains and I included a few (dated) excerpts. Well, tonight I
found a new version posted.
I'm only including the top handful of sites.
Not reported are installations in non-U.S. intelligence agencies, such as
Chobetsu, SDECE, Mossad, BND, etc. They probably don't have Crays,
Connection Machines, or Paragons.
I'll also edit the intro material a bit. The sites are ranked in order of
what I'd call "Cray equivalents," where the Cray Y-MP/1 is rated at 1. For
example, the top-ranked site has the estimated equivalent of 380 Cray
--Tim May
Newsgroups: comp.sys.super
Organization: The University of Western Australia
        03-JUL-1994 List of the world's most powerful computing sites
        =============================================================
  (available by fingering me, joining my mailing list or in comp.sys.super)
    ....
        Ratings are ratios to a Cray Y-MP/1 based on NASA NPB BT Size A
benchmark reports. Figures prefixed '~' denote approximations usually
based on comparable programs, figures suffixed '?' denote relative guesses
based on Intel iPSC/860 peak Gflops ratios.
        The current minimum performance for inclusion is a benchmarked rating
of 4 BT, or 10.56 Gflops peak for unbenchmarked systems.
1) 380.82 - (27-JUN-1994) [NAL]
        National Aerospace Lab,Chofu-shi,Tokyo,Japan,
        nahirose at asuka.aerospace-lab.go.jp
        1) NAL NWT 2/140        ~357    (5.1 @ 2 cpus)
        2) Intel Paragon-336      18.38 (7 @ 128 cpus)
        3) Fujitsu VP2600/10    ~  5.44
2) 196.1 - (APR-1994) [CSS]
        Central Security Service,National Security Agency Headquarters,Fort
        George G Meade,Maryland,US,postmaster at dockmaster.ncsc.mil
        1)  TMC CM-5/512                   44.8 (2.8 @ 32 cpus)
        2)  Cray C916-1024                 35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        3)  Cray C916-1024                 35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        4)  Cray C916-1024                 35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        5)  Cray Y-MP/8E-256                8    = 1 * 8 cpus
        6)  Cray Y-MP/8E-256                8    = 1 * 8 cpus
        7)  Cray Y-MP/8E-256                8    = 1 * 8 cpus
        8)  Cray Y-MP/8E-256                8    = 1 * 8 cpus
        9)  Cray M98-4096               ~   7.01
        10) Cray 3/2-64 [-4Q96]             5.73?
        11) NSA SMPP-2/2M [+4Q96]        7407.05?
3) 146.41 - (10-JUN-1994) [LANL]
        Los Alamos National Labs,Los Alamos,New Mexico,US,iaa at lanl.gov
        1) TMC CM-5/1056-32 [-4Q94]      92.4   (2.8 @ 32 cpus)
        2) Cray T3D SC128-8/3-64         15     (12 @ 128 cpus + 1 * 3 cpus)
        3) Cray Y-MP/8-128                8    = 1 * 8 cpus
        4) Cray Y-MP/8-128                8    = 1 * 8 cpus
        5) Cray Y-MP/8-64                 8    = 1 * 8 cpus
        6) Cray Y-MP/8-32                 8    = 1 * 8 cpus
        7) Cray M98-2048                ~ 7.01
        8) TMC CM-5/1056-128 [+4Q94]     92.4   (2.8 @ 32 cpus)
4) 142.08 - (10-JUN-1994) [NSA]
        National Security Agency,Dallas,Texas,US,postmaster at dockmaster.ncsc.mil
        1) Cray C916-512                35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        2) Cray C916-512                35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        3) Cray C916-512                35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        4) Cray C916-512                35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        5) Cray C916-1024 [+2Q95]       35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        6) Cray C916-1024 [+2Q95]       35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        7) Cray C916-1024 [+2Q95]       35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        8) Cray C916-512 [+2Q95]        35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
5) 112.97 - (16-JUN-1994) [CRI]
        Cray Research Computer Network,Eagan,Minnesota,US,root at cray.com
        1)  Cray C916-256                 35.52  = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        2)  Cray T3D 256                  24      (12 @ 128 cpus)
        3)  Cray Y-MP/8E-128               8     = 1 * 8 cpus
        4)  Cray Y-MP/8D-128               8     = 1 * 8 cpus
        5)  Cray Y-MP/8D-64                8     = 1 * 8 cpus
        6)  Cray Y-MP/8D-32                8     = 1 * 8 cpus
        7)  Cray M98-4096               ~  7.01
        8)  Cray Y-MP8I/6-64               6     = 1 * 6 cpus
        9)  Cray C92A-128                  4.44  = 2.22 * 2 cpus
        10) Cray Y-MP/4E-64                4     = 1 * 4 cpus
        11) Cray T91 [+1Q95]               4.44?
        12) Cray T3D 1024A [+4Q96]       204.8 ?
        13) Cray T932 [+4Q96]            142.08?
        14) Cray T3D 1024B [+4Q99]       640   ?
6) 106 - (20-MAY-1994) [SANDIA]
        Sandia National Labs,Albuquerque,New Mexico,US,arbreck at sandia.gov
        1) Intel Paragon-1840   98       (7 @ 128 cpus)
        2) Cray Y-MP/8-64        8      = 1 * 8 cpus
7) 104.38 - (29-JUN-1994) [MSCI]
        Minnesota Supercomputer Center,Minneapolis,Minnesota,US,consult at msc.edu
        1) TMC CM-5/896VU               78.4   (2.8 @ 32 cpus)
        2) Cray C916/9-512              19.98 = 2.22 * 9 cpus
        3) Cray T3D 64 [-4Q94]           6
        4) Cray T3D 128 [+4Q94]         12
8) 98.4 - (02-JUN-1994) [ATP]
        Angstrom Technology Partnership,Tsukuba,Japan,sato at jrcat.or.jp
        1) Fujitsu VPP500/32    76.8    (4.8 @ 2 cpus)
        2) TMC CM-5E/128        21.6    (5.4 @ 32 cpus)
9) 83.52 - (17-JUN-1994) [PSC]
        Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center,Pittsburgh,Pennsylvania,US,
        remarks at psc.edu
        1) Cray T3D 512         48     (12 @ 128 cpus)
        2) Cray C916-512        35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
10) 82.4 - (10-JUN-1994) [CALTECH]
        Caltech,Pasadena,California,US,goss at delilah.ccsf.caltech.edu
        1) Intel Paragon-555             30.35  (7 @ 128 cpus)
        2) Intel Touchstone Delta-513   ~28.05  (7 @ 128 cpus)
        3) Cray T3D 256                  24     (12 @ 128 cpus)
11) 81.55 - (21-JUN-1994) [LLNL]
        Lawrence Livermore National Labs,Livermore,California,US,
        seager at llnl.gov
        1) Cray C916-256                          35.52  = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        2) Meiko CS-2/256-512VU [-4Q96]         ~ 24      (1.5 @ 16 cpus)
        3) Cray Y-MP/8-128                         8     = 1 * 8 cpus
        4) Cray Y-MP/8-64                          8     = 1 * 8 cpus
        5) Cray 2S/8-128                           6.03?
        6) Cray T3D SC128-8/3-64 [+3Q94]          15      (12 @ 128+1 * 3 cpus)
        7) Meiko CS-2/1280-2560VU [+4Q96]       ~120      (1.5 @ 16 cpus)
12) 77.31 - (07-APR-1994) [TSUKUBA]
        Uni of Tsukuba,Ibaraki,Japan,root at ume.cc.tsukuba.ac.jp
        1) Fujitsu VPP500/30                     72     (4.8 @ 2 cpus)
        2) Tsukuba QCDPAX-480                     5.31?
        3) Tsukuba CP-PACS/1024 [+3Q96]         113.68?
13) 75.44 - (25-JUN-1994) [NAS]
        NAS,NASA Ames Research Center,Mountain View,California,US,
        jet at nas.nasa.gov
        1) Cray C916-1024                35.52 = 2.22 * 16 cpus
        2) Cray C98-128                  17.76 = 2.22 * 8 cpus
        3) TMC CM-5/128VU-32/256         11.2   (2.8 @ 32 cpus)
        4) Intel Paragon-204             11.16  (7 @ 128 cpus)
        5) IBM 9076 SP2/160 [+3Q94]     ~63.8   (3.19 @ 8 cpus)

@_date: 1994-07-03 00:14:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A 4000-Cray Machine at NSA in 1997? 
I just noticed the scheduled delivery/installation/completion of a
7400-Cray equivalents machine in around 1997:
              ^^^             ^^^^         ^^^^
Note also that poor Seymour Cray's Cray-3 (from Cray Computer, *not*
Cray Research, as you all must surely know) is not very competitive
with the various hypercubes and other parallel machines (like Intel's
Paragon and Thinking Machine's CM-5, both closely matched at around
90-100 Cray equivalents). I think this means the end of mostly
uniprocessor machines, even if made out of GaAs.
But the "NSA SMPP-2/2M" is intriguing. Speculatively (_very_), I
wonder if this is the "million processor" (or 2 million, if that's
what the "2M" means) machine researchers have talked about. (Danny
Hillis said at Hackers '90 that he hoped to see this built.)
I wonder who the contractor is?
Food for thought.
(And just what will the NSA SMPP-2/2M use for its food?)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-03 00:51:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Visual Passphrases 
Another approach to getting enough entropy in passwords/phrases is a
"visual key" where one mouses from position to position in a visual
environment. That is, one is presented with a scene containg some
number of nodes, perhaps representing familiar objects from one's own
home, and a path is chosen.
The advantage is that most people can remember fairly complicated
(read: high entropy) "stories." Each object triggers a memory of the
next object to visit. (Example: door to kitchen to blender to
refrigerator to ..... ) This is the visual memory system said to be
favored by Greek epic poets.
This also gets around the keyboard-monitoring trick (but not
necessarily the CRT-reading trick, of course).
I haven't used one of these schemes, but I recall hearing that at
least one commercial product offers this as an option.
It might be an interesting hack to offer this as a front end for PGP.
Even a simple grid of characters which could be moused on could be an
assist in using long passphrases.
(But someone has probably patented this approach.)
--Tim May
P.S. I'm not hung up on passphrases as a major weakness. I think theft
of keys and keystroke capturing on compromised machines are much
more important practical weaknesses.

@_date: 1994-07-03 10:25:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: PC Expo summary!! 
First, what Arsen Ray A. did at PC-Expo was admirable. I haven't
criticized it in any way.
However, my name comes up in two ways here, so I wish to comment.
* the "focus" on cryptoanarchy, which, as Perry M. noted may not be
the best introductory material. This has also come up in connection
with newcomers like Sherry Mayo discovering our group through URLs
that are out there and being put off by the putative focus, based on
the article the URL compilers have selected for inclusion.
* my alleged inability or unwillingness to help Arsen Ray A.
I'll use Arsen's article as the basis for comment:
Well, I understand the pressures of time :-}. But Arsen first
mentioned the PC-Expo diskette project in late April or early May,
according to my archives, so there were 7 to 9 weeks to put articles
together. Granted, people did not respond to calls to write tutorials,
but that's to be expected, for some good and some human nature
reasons. Face it, people just don't write free articles. Or "stone
soup" articles ("Hey, here's the title...now you fill in the
Besides, a truly vast amount of stuff has already been written on
Clipper, on escrow in general, on Digital Telephony, etc. Articles
that were posted to Cypherpunks may not be salable in toto, but
certainly excerpts fall under the "fair use" standards (I routinely
snatch phrases and paragraphs, with attribution, for the FAQ I'm still
trying to get finished).
So I am not overly sympathetic to the claims that nothing was
available. Or that Cypherpunks would not write stuff for the PC-Expo
diskettes! (I don't mean this to be harsh to Arsen...just a factual
comment on his article.)
I think the Dave Mandl-Perry Metzger piece was fine. Not likely to get
people to use crypto, but it may recruit some libertarians and
anarchists to our cause--and that is always good!
I was asked to either write something up for this diskette, or to
"mosh together" some of my essays. I declined, feeling it was Arsen's
project and that he should write the connective material
himself...good experience in learning to write a tutorial, etc. I'm
also skeptical about the need for more essays on why Clipper is
bad....anybody who hasn't already read about 30 articles and
editorials on Clipper has been living in a cave for the past 14 months.
"Tim wasn't able to help out" for the reasons mentioned above. And
even had I been willing to, I got the urgent message from Arsen just a
few days before the deadline (I can check my records, but it was
recently). (Don't say "I" knew the deadline since April....I never
volunteered to write essays on a custom basis for this project.)
About the "Copyright Cypherpunks" blurb:
Had that been an interview I gave, I'd've been pissed off to see
someone else attach the "Copyright Cypherpunks" blurb on my words.
Even with my permission (and I assume Dave Mandl and Perry Metzger
were asked for permission), attaching the words "Copyright
Cypherpunks" is misleading: Cypherpunks are not an organized group.
Issuing things in their name creates a misleading impression....and
might, very unlikely though it is, create some kind of legal pressures
on us. (An advantage to our disorganization is that governments can't
find anyone to prosecute for the crimes of the "group.")
The main problem is one of taste. If I attached a Cypherpunks
copyright on my latest video, "Debbie Does Fort Meade," folks here
might be upset. (I'm not saying Arsen's thing was all that
serious--most likely the essay was read by exactly 7 people, 6 of whom
have forgotten it, and 1 of whom is wondering why his mail to the
incorrect address "cypherpunks at toad.com" is going unanswered.)
Again, I congratulate Arsen for his intitiative. I don't cotten to his
denunciation of us a few days for somehow failing him, though. The job
of an editor is not an easy one; it's a lot more than just announcing
a project and then waiting for others to finish the work. (This
apprach rarely works even when _money_ is offered, let alone when the
work is for free, etc.)
I've spent entirely too much time writing articles for Cyphepunks, so
I am bemused to see charges that Cypherpunks are not doing enough.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-04 00:57:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: PGP Pass Phrase Security 
I thought this FAQ from Grady Ward (sometimes on our list, sometimes not)
might fit with the discussion of password and passphrase security.
There's a lot of crunching needed to determine if a selected passphrase has
enough entropy. (And to some extent, it is not computable to determine if a
string has entropy L, as a sufficiently clever attacker may realize a
seemingly complex string actually is much simpler, more predictable, lower
entropy than other analyses might suggest.)
As others have said, using these sources for passphrases is a Bad Idea:
- phrases from popular songs (and several levels of permutations)
- famous quotes (and permutations, e.g, "Four scored but seven didn't" is
not a very good passphrase, in comparison with "Fully weaSSel lampshop
- lines from novels, television
These all have much less entropy than the "shocking nonsense" that many
recommend. Memorizing good passphrases is expected to be hard. Personal
information leaks bits. Finding personal information that is meaningful to
one, but has not been revealed to others (or included in databases) is
Anyway, here is Grady's FAQ on this:
PASSPHRASE FAQ
V. 1.0    1 November 1993
'"PGP," warns Dorothy Denning, a Georgetown University professor
who has worked closely with the National Security Agency, "could
potentially become a widespread problem.'  -- (E. Dexheimer)
Comments to: Grady Ward, grady at netcom.com
John Kelsey, c445585 at mizzou1.missouri.edu (Appendix A.)
RSA Data Security (Appendix C. The MD5 Algorithm)
Jim Gillogly (Appendix D. The Secure Hash Algorithm)
FAQ: How do I choose a good password or phrase?
ANS: Shocking nonsense makes the most sense
        With the intrinsic strength of some of the modern
encryption, authentication, and message digest algorithms such as
RSA, MD5, SHS and IDEA the user password or phrase is becoming
more and more the focus of vulnerability.
        For example, Deputy Ponder with the Los Angeles County
Sheriff's Department admitted in early 1993 that both they and the
FBI despaired of breaking the PGP 1.0 system except through a
successful dictionary attack (trying many possible passwords or
phrases from lists of probable choices and their variations)
rather than "breaking" the underlying cryptographic algorithm
        The fundamental reason why attacking or trying to guess the
user's password or phrase will increasingly be the focus of
cryptanalysis is that the user's choice of password may represent
a much simpler cryptographic key than optimal for the encryption
algorithm being used. This weakness of the user's password choice
provides the potential cryptanalytic wedge.
        For example, suppose a user chooses the password 'david.' On
the surface the entropy of this key (or the number of different
equiprobable key states) appears to be five characters chosen from
a set of twenty-six with replacements: 26^5 or 1.188 x 10^7. But
since the user is apparently biased toward common given names,
which a majority appear in lists numbering only 6,000-7,000
entries, the true entropy is undoubtedly much closer to 6.5 x
10^3, or about four orders of magnitude smaller than the raw
length might suggest. (In fact this password probably possesses a
much smaller entropy than even this for the very common name
"david" would be one of the first names to be checked by an
optimized dictionary attack program.)
        In other words the "entropy" of a keyspace is not a fixed
physical quantity: the cryptanalyst can exploit whole cultural
biases and contexts, not just byte frequencies, digraphs, or even
whole-word correlations to reduce the key space he or she is
trying to explore.
        To thwart this avenue of attack we would like to discover a
method of selecting passwords or phrases that have at least as
many bits of entropy (or "hard-to-guessness") as the entropy of
the cryptographic key of the underlying algorithm being used.
        To compare, DES (Data Encryption Standard) is believed to
have about 54-55 bits (~4 x 10 ^16) of entropy while the IDEA
algorithm is believed to have about 128 bits (~3.5 x 10^38) of
entropy. The closer the entropy of the user's password or phrase
is to the intrinsic entropy of the cryptographic key of the
underlying algorithm being used, the more likely an attacker would
need to search a substantially larger portion of the algorithm's
key space in order to rediscover the key.
        Unfortunately many documents suggest choosing passwords or
phrases that are distinctly inferior to the latest method. For
example, one white paper widely archived on the internet suggests
selecting an original password by constructing an acronym from a
popular song lyric or from a line of script from, for example, the
SF movie "Star Wars". Both of these ideas turn out to be weak
because both the entire script to Stars Wars and entire sets of
song lyrics to thousands of popular songs are available on-line to
everyone and, in some cases, are already embedded into "crack"
dictionary attack programs (See ftp.uwp.edu).
        However, the conflict between choosing an easy-to-remember
key and choosing a key with a high level of entropy is not a
hopeless task if we exploit mnemonic devices that have been used
for a long time outside the field of cryptography. With the goal
of making up a passphrase not included in any existing corpus yet
very easy to remember, an effective technique is one known as
"shocking nonsense."
        "Shocking nonsense" means to make up a short phrase or
sentence that is both nonsensical and shocking in the culture of
the user, that is, it contains grossly obscene, racist, impossible
or other extreme juxtaposition of ideas. This technique is
permissable because the passphrase, by its nature, is never
revealed to anyone with sensibilities to be offended.
        Shocking nonsense is unlikely to be duplicated anywhere
because it does not describe a matter-of-fact that could be
accidentally rediscovered by anyone else and the emotional
evocation makes it difficult for the creator to forget. A mild
example of such shocking nonsense might be: "mollusks peck my
galloping genitals ." The reader can undoubtedly make up many far
more shocking or entertaining examples for himself or herself.
        Even relatively short phrases offer acceptable entropy
because the far larger "alphabet" pool of word symbols that may be
chosen than the 26 characters that form the Roman alphabet. Even
choosing from a vocabulary of a few thousand words a five word
phrase might have on the order of 58 to 60 bits of entropy -- more
than what is needed for the DES algorithm, for example.
        When you are permitted to use passphrases of arbitrary
length (in PGP for example) it is not necessary to further perturb
your 'shocking nonsense' passphrase to include numbers or special
symbols because the pool of word choices is already very high. Not
needing those special symbols or numbers (that are not
intrinsically meaningful) makes the shocking nonsense passphrase
that much easier to remember.
        If you are forced to use, say, a Unix password utility that
permits only passwords of restricted length, one good strategy is
to process a your secret passphrase using MD5 or SHA, then
UUENCODE the result and select your shorter key from the output.
See Appendix C and D for actual MD5 and SHA source implmentations.
Appendix A.  For software developers
        For software developers designing "front-ends" or user
interfaces to conventional short-password applications, very good
results will come from permitting the user arbitrary length
passphrases that are then "crunched" or processed using a strong
digest algorithm such as the 160-bit SHS (Secure Hash Standard) or
the 128-bit MD5 (Message Digest rev.5).[See following Appendices]
The interface program then chooses the appropriate number of bits
from the digest and supplies them to the engine enforcing a short
password. This 'key crunching' technique will assure the developer
that even the short password key space will have a far greater
opportunity of being fully exploited by the user.
        "I think it's a really good idea to use a randomly-generated
salt to generate a key from a password, and that this salt should
be as large as possible. Basically, this is to keep an attacker
from spending lots of computer power *once* to generate a
dictionary of likely keys.  If users use good techniques to choose
passwords, this won't matter much, but if they don't, this may
save them from having their encrypted files or transmissions
routinely read.  The simplest scheme I can see for this is simply
to prepend a 128-bit salt (generated as strongly as possible) to
each encrypted file.  Generate the key from the password by pre-
filling a buffer with the 128-bit salt, then XORing in the keyed-
in password, or by appending the key to the keyed-in password.
Then, run SHA or MD5 or whatever to get the key.
   A secondary point:  Adding a random salt ensures that people
who use the same password/passphrase for lots of
files/transmissions don't get the same key every time.  Since most
successful attacks against modern encryption schemes use *lots* of
ciphertext from the same key, this might add some practical
security, at relatively low cost."
   --John Kelsey, c445585 at mizzou1.missouri.edu
Appendix B. A tool to experimentally investigate entropy
        A practical Unix tool for investigating the entropy of
typical user keys can be found in Wu and Manber's 'agrep'
(approximate grep) similarity pattern matching tool available in C
source from cs.arizona.edu [192.12.69.5]. This tool can determine
the "edit distance," that is, the number of insertions,
substitutions, or deletions that would be required of an arbitrary
pattern in order for it to match any of a large corpus of words or
phrases, say the usr/dict word list, or over the set of Star Trek
trivia archives. The user can then adjust the pattern to give an
arbitrary high threshold difference between it and common words
and phrases in the corpus to make crack programs that
systematically vary known strings less likely to succeed. It is
often surprising to discover that a substring pattern like
"hxirtes" is only of edit distance two from as many as forty
separate words ranging from "bushfires" to "whitest." Certainly no
password or phrase ought to be chosen as a working password or
phrase that is within two or fewer edit distance from a known
string or substring in any on-line collection.
Appendix C. & D. not included for bandwidth reasons
Grady Ward       |  For information and free samples on | "Look!"
grady at netcom.com |  royalty-free Moby natural language  |  -- Madame Sosostris
+1 707 826 7715  |  development core rules, run:        |     A91F2740531E6801
(voice/24hr FAX) |  finger grady at netcom.com             |     5B117D084B916B27
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-07-04 10:09:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Pass Phrases 
^^^^^^^^^
It's not that this password is "insecure" on the face of it, it's that
the password has much less entropy than its 25 or 30 characters would
otherwise suggest. Dividing passwords into "secure" and "insecure"
is not very useful...intstead, one talks about entropy, a measure of
randomness or unpredictability.
The "structure of password space" is rich and crufty, filled with
nooks and crannies of easily-guessed (relatively) n-bit passwords in a
sea of nearly unguessable passwords. The trick is not let human
psychology lead you into picking a relatively easy to guess
passphrase. It may seem "really hard to guess" a password that takes the opening
lines of "Atlas Shrugged" and twiddles and salts them a bit, but
"opening line" attacks may be programmed to run in a few seconds on
the Crays that do these sorts of things. Entropy that just isn't there
can't be conjured up.
(As usual, I'm not saying this is a pressing concern. I still use an
11-character nonsense word as my password. This partly reflects my
judgement on where the attacks on my PGP use are likely to be.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-04 10:40:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Logical Depth 
Consider a cellular automata...the Game of Life is a simple example it
2-D, but 1-D versions have been studied extensively.
It starts with the string: "1 0 1"
and iterates/crunches on it, producing this output:
              1 0 1
            1 1 0 1 0
          0 1 0 1 0 0 0
        0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 1
      1 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1
Now does the final string, a seemingly randomly-looking and
"high-entropy" string actually have high entropy? No, not if the
machine (CA rule set) that generated it is known.
(As an aside, encrypted strings _appear_ to have high entropy, but
generally they don't actually have this high entropy....because they
are actually fairly low entropy strings like "Frost in Brazil, buy
coffee futures today." Such strings are called "cryptoregular.")
In the above case, one can treat the machine as the key. Steven
Wienberg conjectured that cellular automata could be used for
encryption. I think it was later proved, not too surprisingly to me at
least, that his CA-based systems were formally equivalent to linear
feedback shift registers (LFSRs), which are are not very strong.
The point I want to make though is that the 3 bits started with (1 0
1) turn into 40 or 100 or whatever bits throught the process of
crunching on them. Things which give evidence of having a lot of
"history" or computation behind them are said to have high "logical
The most obvious example around us is _life_. For example, it is often
claimed by certain enthusiasts of nanotechnology that the creation of
life-like agents should be relatively easy because, for example, e.
coli "only" contains a few megabytes of code in its DNA. Since we can
make _chips_ that store this amount of code....
Aargghh! The problem is _which_ code! A few meg doesn't sound like
much, but e. coli only lives when the code is the right code, a
relatively few of the 2^1,000,000 or more sequences that are possible.
(Now that's a search space!).
Life has had several billion years and incredible numbers of
generations to find the interesting places in "DNA space." This is
what is meant by logical depth.
Back to crypto. The point "nobody" made about MD5 and the like
"padding out" the bits is a good one. There are, in a sense, no more
bits of entropy than one started with, because MD5 and similar hashes
are _deterministic_.
But an attacker must contend with the increased logical depth, which
is in some sense orthogonal to bit entropy (randomness). (If I could
draw a picture here, it would have an x-axis reprsenting bit entropy
and a y-axis representing logical depth.)
This can slow down an attack, in that the attacker probably (*) needs
to do certain computations to track this logical depth. Like requiring
someone in a contest to stop and do some computations, even if
I don't know of any good analyses of the cryptographic effects of
such lines of thinking.
(* I said "probably" because there's always the possibility that what
Alice thinks is an extra set of computations her hash is forcing Bob
to do is not actually needed, that Bob knows of some tricks that
allows him to bypass them. A standard crypto problem.)
Well, sorry for the long discussion. This business of logical depth is
near and dear to me, and is a part of "algorithmic information
theory," the field pioneered by Kolmogorov and Chaitin. Lots of
interesting resonances with crypto.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-04 10:47:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Password Difficulties 
I forwarded this Grady Ward FAQ to the Cypherpunks list last night.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-04 11:47:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Question for PGP Gurus 
PGP gurus, I don't follow the ins and outs of PGP very closely, and I can't find
anything on this directly in my archived articles.
Someone has told me that pre-MIT versions of PGP may have compromised
security because "the session key is hashed solely from the
Is this true? What's the significance? Is there any weakness?

@_date: 1994-07-05 11:51:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: BoardWatch on digital cash 
...rest of flaws elided...
Indeed, there are many kinds of "digital cash" or "digital money"
being floated. I suspect the term is about to join "Information
Superhighway" and "infobahn" in the popular media.
But all but a very few of them are polar opposites of what we as
Cypherpunks want. Microsoft wants home banking, VISA wants it, and
various cryptographically-incompetent schemes are being proposed.
As you on this list all know, these are Bad Ideas.
What we can do to head them off or to deploy the right kinds of
systems is the challenge ahead of us.
Our apparent victory in the Clipper matter (the public scorn for
Clipper, the editorials against it, the weaknesses exposed, and the
favorable articles about CPs) may serve us in good stead. But it will
be a tough struggle, as things are moving fast behind the scenes.
(My greatest fear: legislation to support home/cable banking, with
restriction on competitors.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-05 16:34:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: BoardWatch & DigiCash. 
* I like "Byte." Our own Peter Wayner has written good articles on
* "Communications of the ACM" is also good.
The rest of the rags are nearly worhtless, except to hear gossip and
new product announcements.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-05 20:58:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Most People don't Think about Security 
(I think Kent Borg wrote this)
Fact is, most people never think about real security.
Safe manufacturers have said that improvements in safes (the metal
kind) were driven by insurance rates. A direct incentive to spend more
money to improve security (cost of better safe < cost of higher
insurance rate).
Right now there is almost no economic incentive for people to worry
about PIN security, about protecting their files, etc. (Banks eat the
costs and pass them on...any bank which tried to save a few bucks in
losses by requiring 10-digit PINs--which people would *write down*
anyway!--would lose customers. Holograms and pictures on bank cards
are happening because the costs have dropped enough.)
Personally, my main interests is in ensuring the Feds don't tell me I
can't have as much security as I want to buy. I don't share the
concern quoted above that we have to find ways to give other people
(And to think people call me an elitist!)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-06 10:16:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Windows for Workgroups 3.11 
Like the guy from Microsoft, I don't know specifically what's in
Microsoft Windows for Workgroups 3.11. But something to remember is that RSA Data Security Inc. has been
concentrating on signing deals with Microsoft, Apple, Lotus, IBM,
WordPerfect, Oracle, etc., to include strong crypto in their products.
I don't happen to know if Windows for Warehouses (er, Workgroups)
contains RSA, but it wouldn't surprise me at all. Anyone know?
That we are comparing commercial crypto to "a real secure solution"
like PGP, as in the question Andrzej asked, is an ironic twist.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-07 21:12:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Dining Cryptographers Protocol 
Cort mentioned the Dining Cryptographers, and since many of you have joined
the list since I last posted this, I thought I'd post it again. This
article is an informal introduction, written originally for the Extropians
The full version of David Chaum's paper on the Dining Cryptographers is at
the ftp.csua.berkeley.edu site in pub/cypherpunks.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-07-08 10:44:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: All the free energy in the universe... 
Not to split universes here, but it is interesting to consider that
some ciphers may not be breakable in _our_ universe, in any amount of
Our universe presumably has some finite number of particles (currently
estimated to be 10^73 particles). This leads to the "even if every
particle were a Cray Y-MP it would take..." sorts of thought
But I am considering _energy_ here. Ignoring reversible computation
for the moment, computations dissipate energy (some disagree with this
point). There is some uppper limit on how many basic computations
could ever be done with the amount of free energy in the universe. (A
rough calculation could be done by calculating the energy output of
stars, stuff falling into black holes, etc., and then assuming about
kT per logical operation. This should be accurate to within a few
orders of magnitude.)
I haven't done this calculation, and won't today, but the result would
likely be something along the lines of X joules of energy that could
be harnessed for computation, resulting in Y basic primitive
computational steps.
I can then find a modulus of 3000 digits or 5000 digits, or whatever,
that takes more than this number of steps to factor.
1. Maybe there are really shortcuts to factoring. Certainly
improvements in factoring methods will continue. (But of course these
improvements are not things that convert factoring into a less than
exponential-in-length problem...that is, factoring appears to remain
2. Maybe reversible computations (a la Landauer, Bennett, et. al.)
actually work. Maybe this means a "factoring machine" can be built
which takes a fixed, or very slowly growing, amount of energy. In this
case, "forever" means Lefty is probably right.
3. Maybe the quantum-mechanical idea of Shore is possible. (I doubt
it, for various reasons.)
Anyway, this post is of no practical importance.
However, I continue to find it useful to think of very large numbers
as creating "force fields" or "bobbles" (a la Vinge) around data. A
5000-decimal-digit modulus is as close to being unbreakable as
anything we'll see in this universe.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-08 18:36:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Whew! The dangers of posting to Usenet 
Wowie zowie, as we used to say.
There's an odd new group called "alt.gathering.rainbow" which has had
many highly-personal messages posted to "the Family." I'm not sure who
the Rainbower are, but I gather (pun intended) that they are some sort
of international band of hippies, gypsies, and newage flower power
people. I'm sure one or more of you will correct me if I'm wrong.
What's of ObList relevance is that many of them seem oblivous to the
fact that their posts are readable by the world....see the one below
and you'll see why I don't think Ms. Yamada knows her post to her
"sisters and brothers" is actually readable by us all. My hunch is
that a lot of newcomers have just gotten on the Net and are unclear on
the concepts.
I could be wrong. Maybe her account at Mindvox is a cut-out. Maybe she
knows but doesn't care. Judge for yourself:
Path: netcom.com!csus.edu!wupost!cs.utexas.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!news.umbc.edu!eff!news.duke.edu!convex!cnn.exu.ericsson.se!erinews.ericsson.se!sunic!trane.uninett.no!eunet.no!nuug!EU.net!uunet!dockmaster.phantom.com!rosaphil
Newsgroups: alt.gathering.rainbow
Organization: [MindVox] / Phantom Access Technologies / (+1 800-MindVox)
Lines: 39
NNTP-Posting-Host: mindvox.phantom.com
Originator: rosaphil at mindvox
          Gabrielli's ASCENZA White-Wine-Blend (Mendocino,CA): YUMMY!
        Send me rose-hips/bushes/perennial seeds if you liked this post.
               	* BETTER LIVING THROUGH BETTER LIVING *

@_date: 1994-07-08 22:25:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NII, NSA and Computer Security Act of 1987 
My last post, Rainbow Gathering, generated more responses--on the list
and in my mailbox--than I've gotten in a long while. By contrast, my
post last night on Dining Cryptographers generated no reponses. I will
try to learn from this curious situation. (You have been warned.)
But on another matter:
National Security is to the National Information Infrastructur as the
National Defense Highway Act was to the building of the American
Interstate Highways in the 1950s and into the 60s.
As you all probably have heard, the glorious interstate highways were
built--in the single largest engineering project in the history of the
U.S. (probably not the world, as the Great Wall was pretty
big)--mainly as a part of the Cold War, as a means of transporting
tanks, troops, supplies, and manufactured goods quickly and
efficiently. (Eisenhower had once led an Army group across the back
roads of America in the 1920s or 30s, and was later mightily impressed
by the German autobahns; he pushed for the Defense Highway Act as
And don't forget it was ARPA (Advanced Research Projects Agency), a
Department of Defense agency, that funded/developed the ARPANet. (My
first exposure was as a physics student, with an account on the nascent
ARPANet, in 1973.)
I'm not one bit surprised that the NII is being effectively hijacked
by the national security state. That was always the agenda.
The NCSA was always a bit of a sham. Remember that it was supposed to
replace DES with a new secure standard, and was supposed to ensure the NSA
had no role in setting civilian policy. The "leash" on the NSA, and
the new role of the National Computer Security Center, have not
exactly turned out as announced, have they?
A few Executive Orders and National Security Decision Directives got
in the way.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-09 10:26:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Trashing the list? What motivates people? 
This list is a community. I've avoided commenting on Jim Choate's
flames and "never let go of an argument" style, but he is increasing
his denunciation of the list, so I will comment.
If you have "*never*" seen referrals to the newsgroups, then you must
be not reading much of what gets posted here. I, for one, have many
dozens of time (maybe hundreds of times, since 1992) referred to
articles in sci.crypt, talk.politics.crypto, alt.security.pgp, etc.
(Including some that I wrote for those groups.)
Anyone who claims that the newsgroups never get discussed, and then
decides that all 500 subscribers simply must see a bunch of articles
on random number generators--a topic we have discussed a dozen
times--is clearly grinding an axe. Lashing out at the list as being
full of good-for-nothings simply because of complaints about these
articles is absurd.
As for the first point, that many suggestions are made but then not
carried out, this is the nature of all discussion groups I've ever
seen. After all, we're not being *paid* to do all this. We're not
organized into teams, and so on.
And despite this, impressive progress has been made:
* Remailers. Cypherpunks remailers with new features, more sites. This
is clearly the cutting edge of remailers, more so even than Julf's
site. (Cyphepunks remailers are distributed, instantiable by almost
anyone, are adding new features, etc. Julf's site remains singular,
and has not added major features in a long time.)
* Several list members are central to the development of PGP. * SecureDrive, CurveEncrypt, and other crypto programs are tied to
various list members.
* Experiments with digital money have been underway...the lack of
concrete progress owes more to general problems with such things than
on lack of effort. (Pr0duct Cypher, Matt Thomlinson, others.)
* Although we can't always claim everyone as a member, such people as
Whit Diffie, Phil Zimmermann, Bruce Schneier, Matt Blaze, Phiber
Optik, and Jim Bidzos have attended our meetings. Some of them are
list subscribers, etc. The 500+ subscribers included some of the
best-known cryptologists outside the NSA. (And maybe inside?)
* The role of Cypherpunks has been manifold: practical work on
remailers, tools, digital money....education and
discussion....analysis of new protocols, etc. (For example, at today's
meeting the focus is on "swIPe," an important new system written by
John Ionannaddis (sp?), Phil Karn, etc.--I hope I got the credit right.)
I could go on, but I won't. Given that I can't recall Jim Choate being
involved in any of these projects, or giving us insightful analyses of
trends, developments, and technical details, I don't think he's in a
position to condemn the rest of the list.
People who lash out at the list, calling the list a place for people
who never do anything, are revealing their own failures of
I can't see why they choose to remain on the list if they despise it
that much.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-11 11:52:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Clipper vs. PGP (fwd) 
I think you'll have more than enough time to prepare for a seminar
next May! Keep reading the list and you'll be able to draw inferences from the
topics discussed here. You posted this question a few days ago, as I
recall, and I assume that the lack of responses then is why you're
posting again.
Understand that people rarely write essays in response to questions
like "Why is Clipper bad?" For most of us, mandatory key escrow is
axiomatically bad; no debate is needed.
Yes, strong crypto means all of this. And cats will move in with dogs,
Snapple will rain from the sky, and P will be shown unequal to NP.
Seriously, keep reading the list and you will see many discussions of
this issue. You can't expect to see them within days of joining the
list, for obvious rate reasons, but over the next few months the topic
will come up. More to the point, your growing sophistication with the
issues will allow you to draw your own conclusions, always more
valuable than asking for an opinion poll. (Only political science
people think opinion polls are useful, and I suspect even _they_ know
that polls of the Net are statistically meaningless. But they need to
keep their grant money flowing.)
You'll have plenty of time before next May to learn this stuff. Hell,
between now and next May you may have time to implement a few
remailers, write the code for a data haven, and implement Pretty Good
Quantum Cryptography.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-11 21:56:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ****Customs Goes For Encryption -- And It's Not Clipper 07/11/94 (fwd) 
EES is not approved for any classified use, as I understand. TRhat
covers a lot of government communication.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-12 12:13:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Idle question... 
(By the way, I typed "r" to reply, and was pleased to see
cypherpunks at toad.com as the recipient, not Graham Toal. Looks like
some welcome changes have occurred.)
I used to know the ftp site that had archives of all sci.crypt
articles. If it's still active, anybody know what it is?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-12 13:04:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Modems that variate speed 
End-to-end security, such as with ciphers, is infinitely preferable to
kludges and half-hearted attempts at security through obscurity such
as making modem tapping every so slightly harder than it is now.
Tricks like modem speed varying would be cumbersome to implement,
would require pre-arrangement of the pattern to be used, etc. Just not
very strong. (A bit like frequency-hopping/spread-spectrum, which has
aspects of crypto systems, as I'm sure Phil Karn can tell us about.
But at best a one-time pad and at worst a weak cipher.)
End-to-end encryption is much cleaner, stronger, and allows the public
key methods of incalculable importance. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-12 18:18:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NATIONAL SECURITY PORN RISK 
I've read the "Mercury News" front-page article...does that count?
(It's in today's paper--Tuesday, 1994-07-12.)
The issue, for those who haven't read the article, is that LLL
computers and disks were used (apparently) for storage of GIFs and the
like, for anonymous ftp access. Apparently this site was not
advertised...it was not "ftp.porn.bomb-labs.gov" or anything else.
The crypto tie-in is interesting: steganography. Apparently the
investigators have read about steganography--perhaps in "Wired"?--and
are worried that password sniffers, and the like, are collecting
secrets and then packing them into the porno images.
Very implausible, that someone would go to this trouble. Too many
other ways. No doubt the images are just the usual two-bit use of
someone else's facilities.
My joke, "Debbie Does Fort Meade," turns out be more prophetic than I
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-12 19:20:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "True Names," chat with Vinge, and Cypherpunks 
Some random comments that may interest some of you.
Someone asked me for some novels he could read that might cover some
cypherpunkish topics. These are some titles I gave him:
* Brunner, The Shockwave Rider
* Vinge, True Names
* Card, Ender's Game
* Gibson, Neuromancer
(He's currently reading Orwell's "1984," which is of Required Reading
to remain on our list! I read '1984" when I was in the 7th grade, in
1966, probably before many of you were born.)
Vernor Vinge's "True Names" comes up in another context: I spent all
of Sunday talking to Vernor and several other bright folks in the
aftermath of a great party in the hills of Marin County, right next to
Skywalker Ranch.
My mad scientist/entrepreneur friends Bob Fleming and Cherie Kushner,
in whose startup company I've invested some money, had a party to
celebrate something or other. As it turned out, noted author--and
winner of the Hugo Award fpr Best Novel last summer for "A Fire Upon
the Deep"--Vernor Vinger was giving a talk on cyberspace and whatnot
at Interval Research on Friday, so they invited him to stay at their
place. (Interval is doing futuristic work in a lot of areas, and is
funded by billionaire Paul Allen, co-founder of Microsoft.)
I don't plan to recap the party; that's just a party.
But the discussions on Sunday (some of stayed over, due to the long
distances back to our homes, or as with Vernor, in lieu of a night in
a hotel) touched on point of interest to our list.
Also there were Eric Hughes, who you all know, and Alan Huang, who
built one of the world's first optical computers for Bell Labs.
(Alan's project, which included work on optical switchers, terabit per
second Sagnac fibers, optical cellular automata, and even crypto, was
cancelled by AT&T because they decided to concentrate on other
things....Alan chose to leave AT&T and is now planning a move to the
Bay Area to set up something here.)
In my years of being able to worm my way into high-power discussions,
at universities, at Intel, and at too many conferences to remember, I
can't recall being in such a conversation as this, with everyone of
the highest possible caliber. (I'm just calling it as I see it.)
Wormholes, reversible computation, the 7,000-Cray NSA computer, the
problems with nanotech, the problems with AI, the Tines and the
Powers, the Extropians group (Vernor was curious), the Singularity,
and the implications of the OJ Simpson case were a few of the
topics. (Yes, several of us had "wasted" our time watching this
case. Me, I think it's drama of truly Shakespearean proportions, and
should not be "dissed" just becuase it's getting more attention than
the Rhwandans and Haitians are getting...not to mention the boring
I'd met Vinge a few times before, notably at the 1989 Hackers
Conference, but this time I got to spend enough time to really get
some information exchanged. We all left Bob and Cherie's place at 7
p.m., as they took Vernor down to the SF airport, and as the rest of
us scattered.
With all the telecommunications we have, nothing beats an intensive
face-to-face session. Which is why I still live within driving
distance of the Silicon Valley and the Bay Area in general.
Sorry if this message seems too personal, but I felt the urge to
And at least it's not a forward.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-12 20:58:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "True Names," chat with Vinge, and Cypherpunks 
We discussed the Singularity at length (thus delaying the arrival by
some number of seconds). Vinge is not at all strident in his estimates. In fact, I am more
strident in my _deep doubts_ that anything like his timetable is at
all reasonable.
(I look at the progress needed, the current slow rate, and the
conceptual issues which are not yet solved. And the all-important
issue of economic incentives, and the difficulty of "crossing the
desert." I've written about his before, and won't here.)
This is actually counter-productive, in my odd opinion. Many bright
folks I know here are affected by Toffler's "overchoice" dilemma: too
many exciting areas to study...and, after all, if the Singularity is
coming on Feb 13, 2016, why design boring things like 10-million
transistor chips?
The focus on the mythical "Singularity" is not very useful.
Also, most of the "tidbits" of technology that get reported are
marketing hype. I won't recapitulate points I used to make at length
on another list (Extropians), but most discoveries cited are not at
all steps toward "the Singularity." Of interest, but not even as interesting as other things.
Aharonov-Bohm may exist, but it ain't teleportation! I don't want to
sound rude here, but it does a disservice to even call it this.
I don't know anything about this (references?), but it seems pretty
clear that the Singularity will or will not arrive based on fairly
standard technologies, certainly no technologies involving gluons and
whatnot are going to be of engineering importance anytime soon. Maybe
I'm wrong, but I don't seen any connections.
Like quantum teleportation, probably not real.
In any case, I support Vinge's point that the main enabling technology
he was thinking of was the truly powerful, artificially intelligent
computer, able to design an even better successor, etc. (The
long-awaited, and much-delayed "runaway" situation, a la "The Forbin
Vinge assumes no oddball physics. As an ex-physicist, I concur.
Maybe. But only maybe.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-12 21:55:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Pseudonymous ID cards? 
This is mostly David Chaum's work on "blinded credentials." His paper
in the Proceedings of the First Computers, Freedom and Privacy
Conference summarizes this stuff well.
Virtually no practical progress has been made. Nor have Cypherpunks
worked on this. (That I know of.)
Good points. Personally, I see no need for any credentials at all.
Too young to watch R-rated movies? Not _my_ problem. Too young to
drink? Not _my_ problem.
About the only thing I support is a law regarding dangerous driving
(whether due to senility, alcohol, or stupidity). If an accident is
caused this way, jail the perps right on the spot and, in severe cases
of stupidity, give them a trial within a few days and execute or
imprison them if they're guilty.
Sounds harsh, but if shifts things away from having to carry
meaningless "proofs of permission," in the form of various licenses,
permits, etc., and toward the direction of deterring and punishing.
Ditto for "tax compliance cards," "permitted to see violent movies
cards," and so on. No need. And no need to worry about letting
immigrants in *if* there are no public programs, no subsidized
programs, no handouts (except those individuals and groups want to
Sure, some lazy slobs will starve. Good riddance.
This is why I'm interested in crypto: a technological hammer to smash
the State.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-12 23:30:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "True Names," chat with Vinge, and Cypherpunks 
Al is not the only person to ask.
I mentioned the topics we talked about. But he did not speak in
Zarathustra-like aphorisms. Nothing specific to quote, as he wasn't
giving a lecture and we weren't taking notes.
He's working on a sequel to "A Fire Upon the Deep," is writing a story
set deep in the Slow Zone (the Oprah Zone?), and is getting a lot of
publisher attention. He had some funny things to say about San Diego State, where he
teaches in the CS department. Ironically, there was a "cyberpunk"
conference held there, and VV was not invited (or was overlooked) So
Bear and Brin, friends of his, kept asking pointedly, "Where's
On the Singularity, I've already said a fair amount.
He was very interested to hear about the Cypherpunks--he said he'd
gotten some articles forwarded to him. He may attend the September
meeting by M-BONE...Eric Hughes plans to contact Phil Karn to see if a
San Diego hookup is possible for that meeting. (The September meeting,
as we discussed at the CP meeting on Saturday, will be a special recap
of progress, the Second Anniversary meeting.)
This is all I can write for now. Oh, I made it clear to him on several
occasions just how important "True Names" was to the formation of my
own ideas about crypto anarchy (I first discovered it in a
passed-around Xerox samizdat in 1986).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-13 09:54:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Glorious 1000-Year Kryptoreich 
Citizen-Unit Markowitz wrote this without permission:
Citizen-Unit Markowitz is hereby advised that his permission to exit
is being revoked. The New World Order mandates the widespread
deployment of DigiCash (TM--U.S. Department of Justice); your digital
account can then be cancelled upon receipt of Identity Revocation
We shall triumph. It shall be a shining era of golden harmony and
meticulous order, mediated by the glistening bits of the digiverse.
All things in their places, and all actions for the good of the State.
--Kryptoreichkanzler Klaus! von Future Prime

@_date: 1994-07-13 14:00:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Plea for Meaningful Message Titles 
I don't often make requests for netiquette changes here on this list,
but I will now. I have no power to enforce anything, so these are only
1. Could we people make an effort to pick reasonably meaningful thread
titles? A lot of "Re: your mail" and "(None)" titles are cluttering up
the list.
Not to mention the overly broad titles like "PGP" and "Question." In
sorting through my list archives recently I found several hundred
messages that contained variations on the simple phrase "PGP," most
discussing points only loosely related to PGP.
2. People should feel free to edit the subject line to better reflect
the topic of their post. This may "destroy the continuity of the
thread," a concern raised by some, but that's a small price to pay for
having new threads more accurately labelled.
3. Forwards are really getting out of hand. It seems that the "Four
Letter Acronyms" of CPSR, EPIC, ACLU, and EFF (an honorary FLA)
routinely copy us on everything they put out, even though their stuff
is widely distributed in other forums available to us all, and none of
them seems to be reading Cypherpunks and actually participating in
followup discussions. (If Banisar, Godwin, Kapor, McLandish, et. al.
are actually reading this, I invite them to prove me wrong.)
4. While I'm at it, could newcomers to the world of crypto please take
the time to read up on some of the basic crypto isues? The lateness of
my FAQ is not the issue, as the needed knowledge is contained in any
of the basic FAQs that are already out there, such as the
oft-republished sci.crypt FAQ and the RSA FAQ. And basic articles and
books are readily available. This list is not a place to ask 500-600 people "What's so bad about
Clipper?" or "Can't the NSA break any cipher with enough effort?"
Thank you for your time.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-14 01:04:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TC May's policy change proposal 
No, because the correct answer to the second question is not "Yes,"
but is clearly "No."
I refer readers to the sci.crypt FAQ, the RSA FAQ, or books such as
"Applied Cryptography." (Hint for those who don't want to: one time
pads (Vernam ciphers) and things like RSA with 1000-digit moduli.)
("Enough effort" can be interpreted in a circular way to ensure the
answer is 'Yes," as a truism. This is meaningless, if "enough effort"
is impossible to achieve, as with OTPs, or is beyond the energy in the
universe. If "enough effort" is interpreted to mean theft or rubber
hose crytanalysis, all bets are off. But most people who ask the
question I cited don't mean these loopholes.)

@_date: 1994-07-14 10:58:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Probabilistic Encryption 
Blum-Blum-Shub, a very strong random number generator, where guessing
the next bit is basically as hard as factoring some very large number.
It's main problem is that it's slow. Schneier has some actual code for implementing it in C.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-14 11:36:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ID card from hell 
The ID card issue that has been brewing, and recently is showing signs
of coming to a boil, is one of the most important issues we face. Far
more insidious than Clipper, if a universal "smart card" is injected
into all sorts of transactions and interactions. You all know what I
mean: one's cash/ATM card is issued by the government (with a
countersign by the bank), health card, passport, etc.
But here I want to refute Duncan's refutation, so I will quote highly selectively:
Many of Duncan's refutations boil down to "What about tourists?"
The answer for the Feds is simple: temporary ID cards for tourists.
This has several aspects, and solves (for them) several pressing
1. Tourists entering the U.S. (and ditto for what other countries do)
are issued a temporary ID card at Customs. ("What about Canadian and
Mexican entry points?" They already stop drivers, albeit briefly, and
a $20 entry fee for non-citizens would cover quick generation of a
temporary ID, complete with photo, hologram, barcode, all the usual
2. This temporary ID acts as a time-valued visa, good for 3 months, 6
months, "Green Card," etc. It times out, either locally (chip--not
such a great idea, technically) or in a data base (much more probably,
for security reasons, speeds of networks, etc. reasons).
3. The card acts essentially like the one citizen-units would receive,
perhaps not fully authorizing certain things.
Comment: It is not too much "work" to generate such a temporary ID,
especially with a "reasonable" entry fee. Nor would it slow down
border crossings in a way that would threaten massive
complainings...most border crossers would already have the cards, or
would with time have them. Those that don't, would be shunted aside as
the crossings, as part of Customs entry, to be photographed,
fingerprinted, etc. The anti-terrorism folks will like this, so will
Immigration and Naturalization, etc. The only complainers--aside from
ideological opponents like us--will be those intending to overstay
their visas (which this will help to stop--the card will cease to be
valid and the holder will find himself cut off from ATM machines,
employment, and schools for his children (no big deal, I hear Duncan
say, but consider the implications for most people, the visibility of
"truant" children, the day-care issues, etc....for most immigrant
families, this would be a devastating economic blow, and would likely
"out" them).
4. Employers, even for casual work, would be required to check these
cards, possibly even "work credentials" would have to be negotiated
jointly at some office. (I haven't thought too much about the details,
but I'm beginning to. And the possibilities are diabolically clever.
Just as "permits" are so often necessary in these Beknighted States,
so too could such mutually arranged work permits be required. Solves
the "Zoe Baird" problem and helps to surface the underground economy.
Electronic "point of sale" terminals, similar to cash machines, could
make this "painless." Even if cash is not outlawed--a different, and
even more controversial topic--such "work permits" could be enforced
in various way. Frankly, they already _are_. For example, here in
California I would be happy to pay some Mexicans to do yard work...but
I avoid this because of reports of stings, arrests, prosecutions, and
heavy fines. (The Beknighted States, as not all of you may be aware
of, operates on the principle of Deep Pockets Terror: those with the
money are soaked with heavy fines and threats of civil forfeiture. The
tax authorities then get involved, collecting back taxes the employer
was supposed to withold (funny, I thought it was my leaf-raker Juan's
job to settle up with the IRS?), assessing fines and collection fees,
and so on. Others, like Social Security, also get into the act.)
Well, this is getting too long, so I'll close.
I basically agree with Duncan's noble sentiments. I just don't think
it likely  that the "What about the tourists?" argument will stop the
national ID juggernaut once it begins to move.
And other countries, already enamored of tight controls, passports (I
had to surrender my passport at many hotels in Europe...multiple
purposes for this, of course)., etc., will likely play ball with the
U.S. on such an ID card.
Thanks to Duncan for giving me a place from which to launch this
And everyone go out and read or reread Brunner's "The Shockwave
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-14 12:10:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Key length security (calculations!) 
Singular, but no matter.
Before going further, let me emphasize my mention in my section above
of one-time pads, or Vernam ciphers. These are
*information-theoretically secure*, which means that no amount of
computer power can *ever* break them. Period.
(In my characteristic way, I included a sidebar mention of stealing
the key and or using rubber hose cryptanalysis, which some may think
finessed my point about not being able to break OTPs. It does not, as
far as "breaking" the cipher has cryptographic meaning.)
As for RSA, that is only computationally secure, and depends on
advances on factoring, as we all know. Many of us think there will not
be "dramatic" advances in factoring, for various reason, but this of
course cannot be proved (can't prove the nonexistence of some clever
approach, logically). Factoring is suspected to be in the class NP (or
even harder, some suspect), but it has not yet been proved to be so.
If factoring is NP-complete, and if P = NP, then fast factoring
methods may be found (fast = polynomial in length). Crypto books deal
with this issue better than I can here.
Not to attack Doug's point, which has validity here (that we don't
know what factoring advances NSA may have made), but I personally
think the combined capabilities of "public domain mathematicians" are
now far greater than what NSA has. Shamir, Odzylko, Blum, Micali,
Rackoff, Goldwasser, Solovay, Berlenkamp, etc., are top-flight
researchers, publishing many papers a year on these topics. It is
unlikely that some GS-14 mathematicians at the Fort, not able to
publish openly, have made much more progress. I think the resurgence
of crypto in the 70s, triggered by public key methods and fueled by
complexity theory breakthrough, caused a "sea change" in inside
NSA-outside NSA algorithm expertise. I have never ridiculed them (in fact, I use 1280 bits or somesuch),
and I think the whole recent matter of Phil Zimmermann charging that
"amateur cryptologists" are tainting his reputation and that of PGP to
have some supreme ironies. Seems to me I heard a guy named Bidzos
making the same points.....
(I'm not attacking Phil, just noting the ironies of Phil now
attempting to control the evolution of "his" intellectual property.
The "naming" issue is minor--and that's what digital signatures are
for, anyway.)
A 3000-bit key may very well require more total energy to break than
is available in the universe. Barring P = NP sorts of breakthroughs,
of course. (I did a post on this last week.)
The bottom line is sometimes lost in the debate:
* It is just not true that "any cipher can be broken if the NSA really
wants to." (This was the original point I was responding to.)
* Some ciphers are absolutely unbreakable, and others are effectively
unbreakable, or soon will be. Increased key length is computationally
"cheap" to use, but "expensive" to break. (The current imbroglio about
key lengths of PGP 2.6 is a passing implementation detail, having to
do with how PGP does math. By Version 3.0, speculatively, it will
likely be increased dramatically. No big deal. People should generate
new keys and flush the old ones, anyway.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-14 13:33:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: National ID cards are just the driver's licenses on the Information 
Since I no longer work for a living, I can respond now :-}. (I despise
smileys, but one seemed apropos here.)
Well, of course. But this doesn't make the prospects of "internal
passports" (as I think it was you who dubbed them...or maybe Sandy)
any less likely, or any less worthy of fighting.
While if I were in prison, I might indeed be able to score heroin, a
national ID card tied in to financial transactions, employment,
driver's licenses, etc.,--"once card fits all"--would be incredibly
bothersome and intrusive. And short of "going underground," with all
that that implies, or leaving the country, your words of comfort about
buying heroin in prison would do me little good.
I was mainly saying that the "What about the tourists?" rebuttal is
very weak, and is easily solved. Further, the solution for the tourist
problem is actually one of he main motives for a national ID card:
stopping illegal immigrants by "freezing them out" of routine
economic, school, employment, and other transactions.
Ditto for the point Duncan often raises, presumable semi-ironically.
To wit, answering ID card checkers with a flippant "But I'm an illegal
"Fine," they will say, "we'll take you down to the Processing Center."
(Yes, I acknowledge that local shopkeepers will not, for example, be
the enforcers....in case Duncan raises the issue of there not being
enough cops to do this work. But it is completely plausible that all
cash register transactions could require presentation of the ID card,
for various reasons (perhaps made more palatable by offering some
rebate on sales taxes paid, or a VAT). Claiming one lacks a proper
card will just result in a "No Sale," just as a refusal to pay the
sales tax usually results in a "No Sale."...don't tell me about how
some merchants will offer to eat the sales tax...try that at Safeway.
(I'm not claiming Duncan will make this argument, just trying to
anticipate the nitpicky wise-ass comments people often make; the fact
is, most people will follow the rules, and if an ID card is made part
of the economic system--as it already is for booze and cigaretters, a
la age credentials--then those without an ID card will be a Real Bad
Situation. Yes, anticipating rebuttals, black markets exist. But few
will argue that buying most items on a black market, complete with
stings, arrests, etc., is a pleasant way to live.)
I for one view this prospect with alarm, and have since I read "1984'
so many years ago, and then read "Shockwave" in 1975.
I don't consider it too soon to think about ways to monkeywrench it.
(And as an EFF member, dues all paid up, I have no hope that EFF or
any of its FLA brethren will oppose this firmly. At the risk of
angering our own John Gilmore, a founder of the EFF, I think EFF
management is so enamored of being inside the Beltway that it will
likely confine its role to providing "input" to the Gorewellian forces
putting this thing together.)
"National ID cards are just the driver's licenses on the Information
Superhighway." --Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-14 19:17:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: National ID cards are just the driver's licenses... 
Perry makes my point well. That some people will be able to skirt the
system, or that the system will ultimately be unenforceable, does not
lessen my concerns.
My assets are not well hidden--which makes it very tough for me to
adopt a low-profile, tax-avoiding, ID card-skirting lifestyle. (As to
why my assets are not well hidden, hiding assets is harder than you
think, despite what some here on this list may claim.)
To tie this in with the title I picked for this thread, about national
ID cards being the driver's licenses for the Infobahn, let's consider
that for a moment.
- Imagine that vehicle registrations require presentation of this card
(gotta get those illegals out of their cars, or, more benignly, the
bureaucracy simply makes the ID cars part of their process).
- Instantly this makes those who refuse to get an ID card unable to
get valid license tags. (Enforcement is already pretty good....I was
pulled over a couple of times for either forgetting to put my new
stickers on, or for driving with Oregon expired tags.)
- Now I suspect my friend Duncan will mention that one can--and
should--lease one's car from one's Nevada-based tax shelter company.
Perhaps. But I again claim that this is much easier said than actually
(I hear these proposals and think of all the detailed arguments about
how income taxes are invalid becuase Ohio incorrectly ratified the
XXth Amendment, or somesuch. All very logical, but it doesn't work.)
Anyway, I see the imposition of internal passports--with a name chosen
for easiest acceptance, probably something like "Social Benefits
Card"--as very likely and not easily avoided. Just the tying of such
cards to driving would be devastatingly effective.
Ditto for travel. And commerce.
Let's not forget that Nickie Halflinger was able to bypass the
Surveillance State because he was one of the guys who wrote the
system! The rest of us will be mostly unable to skirt the system.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-15 11:17:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Leaving the Country 
I'll respond briefly here to the points both Sandy S. and Duncan F.
make. Cypherpunks who are interested exclusively in RSA keylengths or
in PGP Shells will not find this interesting. In my view, discussion
of tax policies and the implications of crypto has a role on this
Those who don't think so should hit "delete" now.
Sandy, in his original post, went on to speculate that I am just
ignorant of the methods used. I disagree. I've talked to legal folks,
have strategized with friends who are also "persons of money" (to
coin a euphemism) and there appear to be few options for me to avoid
huge tax bites except via taking some pretty severe steps, like
leaving the U.S. and not returning.
I don't dispute that no schemes exist, I just claim that they're
difficult to set up (not surprisingly, in my opinion) and that in my
situation, with assets largely in the form of stock and real estate,
there are no easy ways to convert them into tax-protected forms
while remaining in the U.S. and while not being hit with a 35-45% tax
bite. (Which I find unacceptable, for various reasons.)
I have--don't forward this to the IRS!--toyed with the idea of simply
moving to a tax haven. A problem is that the tax folks in the U.S.
have a nifty idea that expatriates (ex-patriots?!) should still file
U.S. tax returns for 10 years after departure. Enforcement may be
tough right now, but I foresee advances in networks and border
checkpoints leading to situations in which tax-haven residents are
held at entries into the U.S. on charges of tax evasion.
If this belief of mine is accurate, then leaving the U.S. could be a
one-way ticket out. Maybe I'll go this route, ultimately, but it's
certainly not an easy step to take...and not one I'm planning to take
anytime soon, and not without a hell of a lot more thinking.
(My friends in similar situations are investigating options. None look
easy to take. Sure, Justin Dart can take his marbles and move to
Belize, but his needs are different from mine. He doesn't need
Computer Literacy Bookshop, Fry's Electronics, and a network of Bay
Area friends, for example. And so on.)
Duncan Frissell goes on to write:
Well, Kalifornia is not the main issue. It's max tax rate is 11%,
compared to 39-41% (as I recall) for the Feds. So my _main_ concern is
not Kalif.
(I recall Duncan resides in New Jersey. An odd choice, I would think,
given their tax rate and other peculiar laws. But I digress.)
But I agree that the time may be coming for me to leave Kalifornia.
I'd give some reasons, but many of you kind-hearted people would
denounce me as racist, so I won't. (Suffice it to say I'm not a
racist, I just believe every person and every business should be free
to choose its customers and suppliers as it sees fit....Kalifornia is
choosing to inject itself into nearly all business dealings under the
guise of "fairness" and "antidiscrimination." I also see the social
welfare system straining, with inner cities becoming cesspools of
welfare and with unskilled immigrants being dropped directly onto the
welfare rolls...a reason Kalifornia is deeply in debt and why
businesses are seeking to expand elsewhere.)
As a step short of leaving the U.S. (partly because I think that while
the U.S. gets the Net attention for its Gorewellian plans, other
countries are following suit or have already done so), I've been to
Nevada to scout out property (no state income tax, lower real estate
prices, fairly mild climate, little welfare) and plan to check out the
coastal regions of Florida (also no state income tax).
The Cypherpunks connection (if you've read this far, no one was
forcing you to, so you must have found it interesting, eh?) is that I
might even be involved someday in a true Caribbean node for a Net
(But don't expect me to move to the Turks and Caicos tomorrow!)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-15 13:01:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ID card from hell 
(Duncan's message not included, because I only want to make a brief
Not addressed in Duncan's essay was my chief concern: The "National
Benefits Card" is required to get license plate tags. (And maybe other
things, like car and home insurance, etc.)
It's all well and good to talk about disobedience, how the State can't
enforce traffic laws and how the "record" of several hundred traffic
citations shows this, etc. But how this applies to me is a different
To make this concrete, I recently got a speeding ticket--I was late
for the Saturday Cypherpunks meeting, ironically. The computer form
arrived a week or so ago: pay $130 by such-and-such date (in lieu of
contesting the charge), or the fee will roughly double, and then
double again, and so on. (I'm not sure of what the limits are, but the
fees escalate rapidly). Now my point is this: I plan to pay up, and
all the talk in the world about people with dozens or hundreds of
citations DOES ME NO GOOD.
If I fail to pay, I lose my car insurance (which makes me ripe for a
"deep pockets" lawsuit by anyone who gets into an accident with me).
Lots of other implications. Very real implications. It may be that scofflaws who are poor have an advantage--no assets to
seize, no insurance to worry about, etc. But for folks like me, the
notion that such laws can be safely ignored is crazy.
(No offense, Duncan, but I read your rant with enjoyment....I just
didn't see any connection with the reality I see around me.)
I continue to see great dangers here, in tying a national ID card to
transactions we are essentially unable to avoid in this society:
driving, insurance (and let's not argue insurance...I mean it is
unavoidable in the sense of legal issues, torts, etc.), border
crossings, etc.
As an example we haven't talked about recently, the national ID card
would presumably be tied in to income tax filings, in various ways I
won't go into here. The Postal Service, aiming to get into this area I
guess, has floated the idea of electronic filing, ID systems, etc.
Now how will one file taxes without such a card if one is made
mandatory for interactions with the government? Saying "taxes are not
collectable" is not an adequate answer. They may not be collectible
for street punks and others who inhabit the underground economy, but
they sure are for folks like me.
I see nothing in Duncan's essay that applies to me. And that's what
worries me about the move toward national ID systems and complete
traceability of all economic interactions.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-15 16:52:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Leaving the Country 
Roger, you ain't no mad dog libertarian if you haven't read "The Moon
is a Harsh Mistress," by Heinlein of course, and from whence came the
popularizaiton of of TANSTAAFL--There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free
I say "popularization" instead of coinage, because Goldwater use a
variant ("There isn't...") in his 1964 campaign, reportedly written by
one of his speech writers, Karl Hess. (The same Karl Hess who is
involved in libertarian matters.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-15 18:50:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
By the way, someone was proposing a crypto game some months back. I
don't recall who it was (speak up!), but the notion was floated.
An obvious problem with crypto card games is this: what does it
provide that is worth the extra effort of doing encryption?
This simple question of benefits vs. costs is often the showstopper in
deployment of crypto. The nonuse of Magic Money/Tacky Tokens lies, I
think, in the hassles of using it not providing tangible benefits over
ordinary cash.
When I play cards--which I admit has not been for many years--I play
to play, not to do crypto. I suspect most ardent card-players would be
even more adamant about this.
Find a _reason_ to use crypto in games, and you may have something.
(What might this be? Illegal gambling is an obvious possibility that
could "incentivize" folks. A lot of infrastructure would be
needed...digital money, much better remailer security than anything we
now have, etc.)
Until a reason exists, few people will jump through hoops imposed by
someone else. Give them a reason to use crypto, not just an excuse.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-15 20:15:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
Actually, I'm going to somewhat reverse direction and _encourage_ Kent
Borg to continue on with his card playing idea.
Not that my message a short while ago was condemning it, just pointing
out that one must motivate people to use something (or, even better,
cater to their natural motivations). The "castor oil" approach rarely
works. (For those younger than about 35, castor oil was once touted as
being "good for you." Actually, it has faded out before my time, but
the cultural effluvia of my childhood covered it.)
Kent is showing the classic signs of infatuation with a new idea.
Which is good. The problem, which I'll get back to later, is that
this enthusiasm usually fades....this has been the experience on our list.
I don't know, but so what? Lots of things are classed as games.
Gambling is big, but so are a lot of other things.
Nick Szabo, no longer of this list, was once very hot on creating the
"Internet Casino." I have been, too, in an abstract sense...crypto
gambling as a legal "cover" for crypto protocols, since around 1989.
But I've not worked on these protocols, so I claim no credit.
(By the way, an imnplementation of mental poker would be useful. Once
people got the idea, though, they'd probably stop playing. A lot of
games are "funny onces," to again cite 'The Moon is a Harsh Mistress.')
Kent is ranting here, which is good. But this still won't make people
play your game.
I agree the protocols are the interesting part. This is why, despite
my cynicism about people actually playing this game, I encourage Kent
to continue. A recurring problem we all have is one of initional wide-eyed, ranting
enthusiasm, resulting in the idea being the thread du jour for a
couple of days, followed by....silence. And nothingness. (I won't
embarrass or anger anyone here by mentioning recent examples. There
are of course various reasons things don't take off, or even clear the
launching tower.)
A huge issue. The cryptographic primitives needs are poorly
implemented, in my opinion. "Bit commitment" is one good example. The
papers on mental poker and secret sharing are not filled with code
examples, to say the least! It took 10-12 years to get widely
available examples of something so semantically simple as RSA, and
digital cash remains in a sorry state. The Crypto Proceedings (to answer Kent's earlier question: the Crypto
books for 1985-87 are widely available in technical
bookstores--Computer Literacy, Stanford, many other stores--and
directly from Springer-Verlag, for about $60-80 apiece, in paperback)
provide a few mathematical details, but conversion to C code is iffy.
Ask Bruce Schneier. Complicated protocols will need building
blocks--C++ classes, Smalltalk objects and methods, whatever.
Henry Strickland is working on a TCL toolkit (TCL the
Ousterhout/Berkeley package, not the Symantec product of the same TLA
name). I'm interested in object-oriented protocol building blocks, and
spoke on this at the last physical Cypherpunks meeting.
Kent Borg could make a real contribution by implementing the several
protcols for card games. I don't think it'll be easy, but it could be
rewarding. It has not been done, generally. (Beware of "faking" parts
of the protocols with a GUI facade such as game designer might be
tempted to use...the underlying protocols must be extremely robust.)
Slow communication has worked well for games of skill like Go and
chess, but an IRC-type speed would most likely be needed to keep
interest up in all the card games I've seen. The most consistently lacking flavor of effort in these kinds of
enthusiasms is--drum roll--sustained interest. If this becomes an
abiding interest of Kent, progress could be made, perhaps in as short
as a year or so. (Beware of slapping together a Potemkin village
facade of a demo.)
Hence my encouragement that he stick with this. Implementing even a
cryptographically-secure penny matching game would be a start.
Kent, just don't get caught too much up in fantasies about Donald Trump
buying the algorithm...a _lot_ of work has to be done first.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-16 10:37:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
No, I think it's a fine project, certainly more useful in the long run
than another PGP shell. But also more complicated, if done right.
(Done right = reusable building blocks for the various needed primitives.)
Glad you are taking my comments in the spirit in which they were
given. There are some pretty good reasons many of the ideas excitedly
discussed here never reach fruition:
1. No time. Most people have full-time jobs doing other things.
2. No funding sources to _force_ people to complete things they've
already been paid for.
3. No group of co-workers to chat with, to reignite interest, to exert
peer pressure to finish. It's just _so easy_ to let a project kind of
s-l-i-d-e  a-w-a-y...
Read up on the "playing cards by telephone" papers of the early to
mid-80s. Maybe implementing just one of the sets of ideas would give
your further insights.
That's the central issue. Lots of work. Remember, the mathematicians and computer people who did
these papers did not bother to build them into computer code, though
some of them surely could have if it were easy. (Chaum's people built
a running simulation--and crypto simulation is what we're talking
about here--of digital cash, but the version I saw was unusable by
other programs. That is, it was a "user at the console" sort of thing,
not a tool or class library or even a function call.)
What's lacking in crypto is a reasonable "framework" for these
concepts and functions to live it.
Good user interface is probably the wrong thing to be thinking about
now, if the goal is wide use. Think "client-server" (or choose your
own paradigm). The building blocks are more important than a snazzy
Windows or Mac interface.
Not a real issue.
For researchers, it would be interesting to have the set of
abstractions reified into running code. This is a longstanding
interest of many of us, and was one of the motivations two years ago
to form the Cypherpunks group. Eric and I figured it was high time to
take the various theoretical abstractions and implement them in code;
we hoped that a bunch of people would generate "Pretty Good Digital
Money," "Pretty Good DC-Nets," etc. So far, it's been slow. (And some
actual deployments, such as Digital Money, have faltered for other
reasons. Kent should look at MM and why it isn't in wider use and try
to learn some lessons for a gambling scheme.)
See above.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-17 00:56:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol 
I'm too tired to make substantive comments, so for now I'll comment
only on the easily commented upon points.
One of the known limitations of virtual realities is that they provide
few of the feedback mechanisms that being in an office several hours a
day, interacting with bosses and subordinates, etc., provides.
The bandwidth for explaining ideas, clarifying misconceptions, and
brainstorming is dramatically lower than in real life.
You are mistaken if you think casual comments on this list will
replace the contact cited above. In any case, good luck.
In another post, you asked what the "MM" I mentioned in connection
with Digital Money was. MM is Magic Money, Pr0duct Cypher's
implementation of digital cash. A gifted programmer, and a prime
subject on this list. And yet MM is rarely used...maybe never used,
despite some announced plans.
You should study this in detail. And study crypto. As Eric said, "time
to read crypto."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-17 10:19:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Can NSA and PKP Suppress Breakthroughs? 
Several points:
1. Adi Shamir sold out what little share he had some years back. He has
no financial links to PKP or RSADSI.
2. Shamir is Israeli. (This has led to more than one humorous
situation in which Shamir has received notification from the U.S.
government that he cannot "export" something he's working on--as an
Israeli, living in Israel.)
3. Shamir was the coinventor (with Biham), or at least the recent
rediscoverer, of differential cryptanalysis. He apparently felt no
constraint to not publish.
4. Some of the others I listed, such as Odzylko, are in fact the known
leaders of making improvements in factoring. (Not that various linear
factors matter much, in the long run, of course.)
It's only speculation as to the relative competence of mathematicians
inside vs. outside the NSA; my main point remains that the outside
community is very dynamic and robust and shows no signs that I can see
of holding back on reporting breakthroughs.
Nor could a major breakthrough be contained, I think.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-17 14:31:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Sue D. Nym, and Netcom records 
Thanks, Eli! I just checked here on Netcom to see if this "nym"
personna is posting from the Denver POP. Sure enough, it is.
Here's the result. A lot of activity, all from Denver. I wonder why
Netcom, who suspended his account for intense abuse, has given him a
new account?
{Netcom:8} {Netcom:8} fin nym
Login       Name              TTY Idle    When    Where
nym      Sue D. Nym                < .  .  .  . >
nym      Sue D. Nym            r1   NETCOM-den2.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            pb   NETCOM-den1.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            r8   NETCOM-den2.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            pf   NETCOM-den2.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            pa   NETCOM-den1.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            rd   NETCOM-den1.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            q3   NETCOM-den2.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym                < .  .  .  . >
nym      Sue D. Nym            t0   NETCOM-den2.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            rb   NETCOM-den2.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            re   NETCOM-den2.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            qa   NETCOM-den1.netc    nym      Sue D. Nym            tc   NETCOM-den2.netc    {Netcom:9}

@_date: 1994-07-18 13:08:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Handling subscription requests 
Rishab asked earlier if there isn't some way that Majordomo could
automatically filter the requests that go this list instead of to the
Majordom agent.
Pretty unlikely, for various reasons:
- The requests would be poorly formed, such as "Can anyone tell me how
to subscribe?" and I can't imagine anything short of a CPU-intensive
natural language processor able to deduce the actions needed.
Certainly I don't want to get added again, or be sent a message, every
time "Pretty Good Autosubscriber" sees the word "subscribe" in one of
my messages! (Yes, I can imagine an algorithm--"if not already a
subscriber and mentions subscribe, then...")
- In any case, this is very far from what Majordomo now does. In fact,
Majordomo is very picky about the command syntax it expects to see.
- And the CPUi-intensive filtering to look for the right magic words
would be unwelcome. Especially if every message to
cypherpunks at toad.com had to be examined! (Again, I can imagine way to
reduce this, such as only looking closely at nonsubscriber messages.
But not in Majordomo's current feature set.)
So what to do?
Frnakly, I don't think it's too big a problem. Only a couple of these
hit the list per week, even after the list has gotten some publicity
someplace like "Wired."
Here's what I try to do, when I remember. When I see one of these
requests I reply and attach this message:
How to Subscribe to the Cypherpunks List
This message is just an informal tip sheet on how to get on and off
the Cypherpunks list, sent manually by me to people who ask how they
can join the list.
The Cypherpunks list is managed automatically by the "Majordomo"
program, which is commonly used for mailing lists. Command syntax may
be familiar to you from other lists.
To subscribe:
* Send a message to: majordomo at toad.com
* No subject is needed, or is used
* In the *body* section, include only the following:
subscribe cypherpunks
* This will subscribe you with the address from which you sent the
message. If you wish to subscribe with a different address, for some
odd reason, send a "help cypherpunks" message instead.
* Unsubscribe by sending the message: unsubscribe cypherpunks
* A list of current subscribers can be gotten by sending the message
"who cypherpunks" to the same address. Be forewarned--your membership
on the list will be known to others. (Hal Finney and others have
talked about providing secondary mailing list, which can even be
encrypted.) - Write the above information down somewhere. Do not send unsubscribe
messages to the main list (cypherpunks at toad.com). And the address
"cypherpunks-request at toad.com" probably will not work either. Use
majordomo at toad.com. - The list is a high volume one. Fifty messages a day is common. If
you can't handle this, unsubscribe. Or read your mail several times a
day and make liberal use of the "delete" function.
- The list was started in 1992 and has roughly 600 subscribers.
- If you are new to the list, read for a while before posting. Be
especially polite by not asking "dumb" questions like "Why is Clipper
a bad idea?" and "Can anybody break this code?" (It is sometimes said there are no dumb questions. I disagree.)
- You will also receive a longer welcome message after your
subscription has been successfully processed.
- The subscriber list has gotten corrupted several times, due to disk
space problems. If you receive no traffic for several hours or more,
do a "who cypherpunks" to see if this has happened again. Either
resubscribe in the usual way, or wait for the list to (maybe) be
- If you find yourself getting two copies of every message, see if you
are subscribed under two different mailing addresses. (The mail headers
should tell you.) Then unsubscribe the address you don't want to use.
This should answer the most obvious questions. Feel free to pass this
message on to folks who ask about subscribing.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-19 10:25:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Leaving the Country 
(If you are not interested in the topic of money laundering, using
crypto to avoid taxes, etc., hit "DELETE" now. Better this than
sending me messages telling me that the "purpose" of Cypherpunks is
discussing the latest versions of PGP 2.6ui and the like.)
Linn Stanton hit the nail on the head:
Precisely! For those of us whose assets are already "visible," in the
form of real estate or stock or the like, the prescripions of some on
this list to "ignore them and they'll be powerless" (a paraphrase of
this scofflaw approach) is not at all persuasive.
Having been invited in to "chat" with my regional IRS officials in San
Jose on a couple of occasions, and seeing my stock broker's wonderful
computerized statements being forwarded to these same folks, I don't
hold out much hope for escaping.
Now I suppose some might say this is my fault, for not having acquired
the assets in a foreign tax haven like the Cayman Islands, or not
having lived my life by leasing my cars, only renting houses, etc.
These were not options. While it is certainly true than I can easily hide modest amounts of
assets, hiding large amounts is usually a one-way street. That is, the
legal and jurisdictional repercussions have to be very carefully
considered, as they can't be reversed once taken.
Maybe they exist. I'm sure some people have hidden assets from the tax
collector and still lived in the U.S. or other high tax rate states.
But I'm not at all convinced by arguments that because some people
have piled up unpaid traffic tickets, or have no assets to seize, and
are hence "judgement proof," that this helps me or anyone else in my
position (a bunch of my Silicon Valley friends, concretely enough).
I'm sure the judgement-proofing Duncan Frissell talks about has worked
for him, in his situation, but I've seen no convincing way to get from
"here" to "there" in a way that I am remotely comfortable with. And
I'd suggest that if Duncan really knows a way to do this--one that
takes into account people's _current situations_, as opposed to
suggesting that they should have chosen a different path in the
past--then he should have no problem earning a million dollars a year
as a tax consultant.
Not having had the pleasure of meeting Duncan, I can't judge whether
he's now earning rates like this. (If so, congratulations--and give me a
call and I'll hire you. If not, why not?)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-19 10:52:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: GUT and P=NP 
Who cares? I mean, really?
Nope. A physical theory says nothing about this kind of stuff. It
might, but it doesn't have to, which is the key issue. Suppose, for
example, that the GUT (Grand Unified Theory) was Newtonian physics. Or
Einsteinian GR. What could this possibly say about proving that P =
If the Really Truly Basic Unified Theory (RTBUT) is that subquark
partons are scattering like billiard balls on a cosmic pool table,
what could this possibly imply for theories of P = NP? Knowing that
billiard ball physics is the RTBUT doesn't allow us to build computers
that are really different from today's computers. Fact of life.
Finding a solution to the shortest route between 50 cities is beyond
current computer capabilitie, by many, many orders of magnitude. Doing
it for 100 cities, or 10,000 cities, or as N increases further, will
not made simple just because we learn in the year 2014 that gluons are
made up of dentons and bound charmicles, all interacting via aptical
Eric Hughes gave a mathematical perspective on this, I'm just giving a
physics perspective.
(Invoking quantum mechanics is something I'm avoiding discussing here,
because it confuses things and may not be ultimately part of a GUT,
logically. That's why I considered the less confusing example in which
the RTBUT involved billiard ball scattering of sub-gluon or whatever
particles. This GUT or RTBUT would _still_ not imply P = NP.)
Another way to put it, there is no evidence, despite some speculation
by Peter Shor, David Deutsch, Roger Penrose, and others, that any new
theories of physics will allow "Super-Turing machines" to be built. In
fact, most physicists discount this kind of speculation. Some of the work would need arbitrarily precise physical measurements,
a situation not found in the real world....fits nicely with Eric's
point about measuring the "reals"...real numbers in some sense have
"infinite logical depth" and cannot be computed by any computer
operating on discrete symbols....Smale at Berkeley has worked on the
implications of building Turing machines with reals as the elements,
and, indeed, amazing things happen, such as P = NP. But no such
computer will be built in our universe, no matter what particles come
flying out of the Super Duper Collider Looper.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-19 11:51:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Nat'l ID # ? 
My main concern with a "national ID card" is that it will be mandatory
to carry, mandatory to use in various financial transactions (where
showing ID is not presently required), and required for interactions
with various government agencies.
This would be far worse than the current mishmosh of various state
driver's licenses (most of which currently lack mag stripes, barcodes,
etc.) and other slips of paper. While I agree that the numbers from
such cards are correlatable--and are, by the credit card companies,
the credit rating triopoly, etc.--this correlation would be
dramatically easier if a machine-readable card was required for
interactions now handled without such cards.
The government has explicitly stated that a goal of EES is to drive
out competing forms of encryption by market methods (I think the
market method for Clipper will fail, but that's another discussion).
The same could be said for a national ID card.
It would be so "painless" for other card-issuing agencies (DMV, VISA,
MCI, etc.) to simply "piggyback" on the government's smart card.
Voila! One card, total traceability of all transactions. And
movements. And hotels stayed in. And ammunition bought. And so on.
David Chaum correctly focussed on this chilling issue in his 1985
paper, "Transactions Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete" (the paper
has had various titles, as he refined the ideas...).
Chaum's work on selectively-disclosing credentials deserves more
attention than it's getting. That nobody in the "card business" is
working on this stuff pretty much tells us we ain't gonna have it as
an option.
Bear in mind that under the current system, I don't have to carry
identification (a raging civil liberties debate, but the conclusions I
draw are that cops may ask for ID, but rarely will anyone spend time
in jail for not carrying ID...and since I don't speak broken English
and look Mexican, I'm not likely to be bussed into Tijuana and
I also don't have to carry credit cards.
The only "required" card I have is my driver's license (and my
passport, should I wish to leave and reenter....and at the Mexican
border I've never even needed that).
I don't want this to change. I don't want a mandated ID card, then
usable by default by all the other card-issuers, or tied to car
registration, tax filing, visits to emergency rooms, jury duty, etc.
That's why a national ID card is, in my opinion, much worse than the
current mishmosh of cards and permission slips.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-19 12:07:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "But this is not really related to crypto, so...." 
Since Robert Hettinga specifically addressed his post to me, I presume
Look, I'm fed up with people giving advice on how such-and-such a
topic is "far afield" form what they want to hear about.
I'm especially unamused by folks (not Robert H., by the way) writing
up a long post and then ending with a statement to the effect "But
this is really not a crypto subject, so I suggest we not discuss this
Translation: "I just wrote two pages on this, but I want the last
I mean no insult by this...at least one of the frequent offenders here
I also count as my friend. Im just pointing out the absurdity of it.
If one thinks a topic is unimportant to the topics at hand, DON'T
Equally absurd are all the anti-Detweiler posts, which simply gives
him the attention from us he craves so much. (Even this post will. But
then I'm not writing "Can't we just stop talking about Detweiler?"
posts, unless this is counted as such, ironically.)
What I'm saying is this:
* if a topic bores you, delete it, or filter it. * but don't moralize about it as being "off-topic," when it clearly is
"on-topic' to some people--the house of Cypherpunks has many rooms.
* especially don't be so nervy as to write a long rebuttal to some
post and then end with a suggestion that no further discussion is
That's what I have to say. And having said it, may I suggest that this
is not really a crypto issue, and hence could you all just take my
words as the last ones on this subject? (:-} for the smiley-impaired)
----Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-21 18:00:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
Yes, you are out of place. We took a vote a while back and the
anarchists won by 173 votes. The detailed rules of discourse we
adopted can be found at the csua.berkeley.edu site.
I know of no one who disagrees. Of course crimes can be committed in
cyberspace, whatever one's definition may be of crime. From forwarding
copyrighted material to posting GIFs of children being raped to
contracting for hits on one's enemies.  (Personally, I treat very few
things as being criminal, and thus see few things in cyberspace that
could possibly be criminal.)
Nope. "Key escrow" is far broader. It is telling people they must
"escrow" their house keys with the cops, just in case the cops have a
need to enter.
It is the requirement that all photographs be "escrowed" with the
cops, just in case some dirty pictures need to be looked at. It is the
requirement that diaries and journals be written in "approved
languages," in case authorities need or want to read them.
(By the way, your tacit assumption, that key escrow will become
mandatory, is probably accurate, but is in fact not the Administration's
proposal. They claim it will forever remain voluntary, though they are
then silent on just how this will help with the criminals they seek to
catch this way.)
The remaining points I'll leave for others to critique.
Mandatory key escrow is like telling people they have to use special
curtains that can be made transparent if the cops think they need to
aim their cameras in our houses.
Not exactly what I have in mind for my future.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-21 23:58:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Agorics, Digital Cash, and Protocol Ecologies 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
(Sorry to break in on the flames about bimbos, tentacles, and quantum
computers, etc. And since I have nothing to say about new releases of
PGP 2.6ui, CFS, WinPGP, or PGS, I'll focus on some things that
interest me these days.)
Very fine granularity digital cash--sub-cent levels, even
sub-millicent levels--could have many uses. Multiple transactions,
transations by "agents" (like Telescript will reportedly have), etc.
Cypherpunks should be aware of several tie-ins that some of our
members are working on:
* Norm Hardy and Dean Tribble have been working on a scheme called
"Digital Silk Road," or DSR, in which fractional-cent payments may be
made without incurring the full overhead of a commlink to a bank
clearinghouse, for example. (As communication charges drop, the
overhead cost of a clearinghouse call could be small enough not to
matter, but not for a while....and I'd still worry about the speed of
light delays if nothing else!).
- a version of their DSR work should be available in the usual places
(Netcom's ftp site, the ftp.csua.berkeley.edu site, and various
Cypherpunks-oriented URLs that get posted here often).
* Mark Miller, Eric Drexler, and others have worked on a scheme they
call "agorics," for computer-mediated markets, auctioning of computer
resources, etc.  This developed from work with Xanadu and AMIX, and
other places.  (Ironically, my last major project at Intel, in 1986,
was the explication of a 'Frame-Based Manufacturing System,' in which
scarce wafer fab resources are bought and sold in a manufacturing
ecology.  Miller and Drexler visited my old group a year or so after I
left to talk to them....by this time I also knew Miller and Drexler in
other contexts.)
- Mark will be speaking on the Agorics Project, and the connections to
crypto, at the next Cypherpunks meeting.
(Miller, Tribble, Hardy, and others are working on several projects of
potential interest to us: the "Joule" programming language (built in
Smalltalk, as I recall, but eventually to be ported to a faster and
lower footprint form), the "CORBA-mite" (I hope I got the spelling
right...it's a pun) extension to C++, and some network allocation work
involving special kinds of auctions.
(The common thread is one of market processes, such as the George
Mason U. folks are interested in, the economic theories of F. Hayek
that underly modern libertarian economics, and the very common
sensical notion that things have costs and that agent who want things
more than other agents should expect to pay more. "Computational
ecologies" is another buzzword, and there are obvious resonances with
"ariticial life." In fact, it was at the first A-LIFE conference, in
1987, that I met Mark Miller--I already knew Drexler.)
* Software payment schemes, including "superdistribution" and the
various ideas of Brad Cox, Peter Sprague, etc., are very much related
to fine granularity digital cash.
* The amazing new book by Kevin Kelly, "Out of Control," has a chapter
devoted to digital money. Pick it up at your local bookstore--it
should be in even the tiniest of stores--and at least skim the chapter
on digital money. Don't be scared off by the opening line of the
chapter, in which yours truly compares strong crypto to a
shoulder-fired Stinger missile! (For the curious, Kevin used his
"Whole Earth Review" article from last summer as the basis for this
* In a related note, we discussed this book at the most recent
"Assembler Multitudes" gathering in Palo Alto. This group meets to
discuss the implications of technology, with a historical focus on
nanotechnology. Ted Kaehler, one of the creators of Smalltalk at Xerox
PARC in the 70s, and now working with Alan Kay at Apple, says this
book is the most exciting thing he's seen in many years. I mostly
* I also described my ideas on a "protocol ecology," a soup of agents
(named after our crypto friends Alice, Bob, Charles, Eve, and so on)
interacting with cryptographic primitives and combining methods and
behaviors. (Basically, Koza-style genetic programming, but done with
method combination on primitives, rather than LISP- or C++-style
mutation and rewriting of code.)
I suspect this short description is not enough to make clear what I
have in mind...it took me an hour to flesh out the explanation to Ted
(and to others present, including Nick Szabo). It may have relevance
to digital cash schemes, and attacks and defenses, in terms of
evolving complex interactive protocols. (Think of Doug Lenat's
Eurisko, from the early 1980s.) I'll write more on this, and the work
I've been doing with SmalltalkAgents, when it's further along.
* Finally, some of our attendees at the local Cypherpunks
meetings--I'm thinking specifically of Scott Collins and Fen
LeBalme--have experience at General Magic and Apple with "Telescript"
and agents. Little word is leaking out on Telescript--our own Peter
Wayner could say little concrete about it in his article for "Byte"
several months back. But it could be very important.
So, there's a lot of exciting stuff going on. I'm convinced that the
vaunted tongue-twister of the 1960s and 70s, "mutually suspicious
cooperating agents," will come to the fore again. (If you don't get
this reference, sorry.)
Reputations, agents, agorics, and digital money. Living in perfect
harmony. I hope.
(I now return control of the Cypherpunks Channel to its normal
programming schedule of insults, babes, political correctness
lectures, rants about, to, and from Detweiler, and, on tonight's viewing
schedule, "Cayman Islands H.E.A.T."(*).
--Tim May
(* Who else considers it not a coincidence that the babelicious Alison
Armitage shares a last name--or close--with a denizen of Bill Gibson's
world? The cypher/cyberpunk connection we've all been hunting for?

@_date: 1994-07-22 00:16:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Gore's "new and improved" key escrow proposal 
I don't think so. Like others, I thing a stall is a stall...backing
off from the Capstone/Skipjack/Tessera/etc. Escrowed Encryption
Standard things will delay them while they regroup.
(It may also throw a monkeywrench into plans by Mykotronx, National,
and others to ramp up production....some more "incentivization" may be
Others here will have a clearer idea than I have, but I don't think a
"software standard" is what is now being planned. Software-only
solution cannot possibly have the security that's needed (e.g., it's
too easy to go in and rewrite the offending portions, diddle with the
fields, etc.).
And stalling is good. The FBI guy Kallstrom was quoted as saying that
Digital Telephony had better be passed soon, because in a year to two
it would be too expensive to make mandatory!
The longer we monkeywrench these schemes, the more "degrees of
freedom" are out there, the more there is just no way to implement
either key esrow or centralized wiretapping.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-22 00:24:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Please unsubscribe vtw-announce from com-priv list! 
(Don't worry, I'm not including all 500 lines of the forwarded message
Could people *please* take care on what they forward to all of us?
Kent England either is sending us a message that's stale (action was
due two days ago), or he was sending a message to Shabbir and copied
both Shabbir and all of us on it, or....
In any case, the barrage of press releases, CPSR alerts, EPIC alerts,
and EFF bulletins are beginning to resemble "MAKE.MONEY.FAST" in their
volume and shrillness ("Sign this petition! Do it today! Do it now!").
I know many solid, serious Cypherpunks who used to read and post and
who now mostly don't. I can't say I blame them.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-22 12:34:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: clipper and export 
Well, we helped made this connection happen! We, in the sense of the
overall letter-writing campaign...all those exhortations for us to
please get the Cantwell Bill moved along, those daily updates, etc.
EFF, CPSR, EPIC, and messages here on Cypherpunks and in other fora
(or forums).
To be expected, given the nature of the lobbying effort.
I agree with Jonathan's sentiments, though I get nervous hearing
buzzwords like "demand" and "let them get away with this." The will do
what states always do, accomodate interests. Maria Cantwell has,
partly by our actions, become a "player" in this high-stakes game. Her
motivations and goals may or may not agree with some of ours, and
certainly they collide with some views (e.g., I doubt she's an
Though I sent the obligatory "I oppose Clipper" and "I support the
Cantwell Bill" messages, I think we as Cypherpunks have a more
powerful hand to play than getting involved too deeply in the
Washington lobbying that's obviously going on here.
I reject key escrow, and I don't worry overmuch about export of crypto
or what it does to the competitiveness of Novell and Microsoft. (By
this I mean that end-to-end encryption is usually a big win over
product-integrated, officially-sanctioned crypto....and no export laws
will stop powerful, unofficially-sanctioned end-to-end crypto from
being used.)
Sure, support open export. But don't make it the cause celebre of
Cypherpunks, or the outcome that Jonathan bemoans will be inevitable.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-22 13:16:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Stalling the crypto legislation for 2-3 more years 
I echo Perry's concern. I hope that the "community" will not get
caught up in a game of "help us make key escrow better" and thus get
co-opted (as we used to call it) into the system.
I'm sure Carl and others are just exploring the intellectual ideas
involved, especially as we exchanged personal mail over this topic
a few minutes ago, but there is still the danger that all the various
ideas will result in this co-opting.
In my opinion, the worse danger comes from having the Washington
crypto-lobbyists co-opted into a system they can "live with" (as in
"we can live with this"). The Administration has probably concluded
that they failed to get "buy-ins" from the various influential
lobbying groups prior to dropping Clipper on us like a bombshell on
that fateful April day in 1993. I'd hate to see EFF, CPSR, and EPIC all "brought into the tent" on
this one, having seen how Kapor and others got so enthralled by the
Digital Superduperhighway that a bad idea got pushed along more than a
little bit by them.
But it may be inevitable. We "rejectionists," who reject crypto
legislation of nearly any sort, are very poor negotiating partners, as
we have nothing to deliver, nothing to make deals with.
But like I said in a recent message, we have a stronger hand to play:
the widespread deployment of many crypto systems, making regulation of
crypto effectively impossible. We may already be at this point, given
the "cryptodiversity" (after "biodiversity") of multiple programs,
multiple platforms, and many communications paths. And in 2-3 more
years, we'll surely be there.
If we can stall and sabotage until then, we should be home free.
--Tim May
(Sorry for using so many buzz phrases, like "buy ins" and "inside the
tent"; these are used as shorthand for the bureaucratic mind-set,
which has a whole glossary of these phrases.)

@_date: 1994-07-23 11:42:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Stalling the crypto legislation for 2-3 more years 
I _like_ this idea! Explicitly calling the site a "Free Speech" or
"First Amendment" site, and publishing all sorts of things could help.
I think we ought to think this out some more. Publishing encrypted stuff, etc.
Of course, lots of sites already publish encrypted stuff, have
PGP-encrypted files on them, etc., and the Feds have not moved to shut
them down, so it may be real hard generating a test case.
But I do like the explicit emphasis of the connection between
encyption and free speech; this is the line I use with people. To wit,
"Nobody can tell me what language I have to write or speak in."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-25 23:52:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Gore's "new and improved" key escrow proposal 
But I leave nearly all PGP-encrypted messages to me in encrypted form,
using the "decrypt to screen" option. So communicated and stored
messages are largely the same.
I'm not supporting key escrow, mind you.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-26 00:57:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Radio-activated locks...and protecting them 
(I've changed the thread title from "CYPHERPUNKS TO THE
RESCUE"...after all, doesn't that describe _most_ of our threads?)
This is also the motivating idea behind "zero-knowledge interactive
proof systems." Systems in which interception of the sent information
is useless to the attacker.
As Norm mentions, the "lock" (which can be many things besides garage
door openers, e.g., proximity-based door locks, or auto locks
themselves, or gun locks, etc.) needs to "do something" that
essentially creates a problem that only the key can solve. A simple
example is public key-private key: the lock demands that a message be
decrypted, or signed, or whatever, by the key.
A good project for Cypherpunks as a group to work on, which I took to
be Sandy's meaning? Well, we don't have any real group projects, and
this is unlikely to be one.
A good project for some particular Cypherpunk? Maybe. I understand the
electronic lock folks (card locks, hotels, etc.) have crypto expertise
of varying extents (and bluntly, probably more than most of us have)
and they certainly have the expertise in other areas.
Maybe an existing chip could be added to "Genie"-type openers.
But let's not forget that such a project, if it succeeded, would
result in legislation requiring Garage Door Opener Escrow.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-26 11:49:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: GUT and P=NP 
Sorry for jumping in here, despite promising myself not to. I've been
deleting all of the circular debate on quantum computers, Turing
machines, etc. But for some reason my tape stopped on this one.
Turing machines are what they are: storage for finite symbols on a
tape, read by some gadget that looks at what a storage site has in it
and makes some decision, possibly moving to another site, writing a
new symbol, etc. This, by the way, echoes reality pretty well: all
actual machines store finite symbols in actual locations.
Steven Smale of Berkeley has studied what happens if a machine can
store *real numbers* in the memory locations. Amazing things happen. But this ain't the real world.
And it ain't crypto.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-26 12:33:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: New Threat on the Horizon: Software Key Escrow 
At the June Cypherpunks meeting, Whit Diffie (co-inventor of
public-key crypto, as you should all know) filled us in on a workshop
on "key escrow" held in Karlsruhe, Germany. All the usual suspects
were there, and I gather that part of the purpose was to bring the
Europeans "into the tent" on key escrow, to deal with their objections
to Clipper, and so on.
Diffie described in some detail a software-based scheme developed by
NIST (and Dorothy Denning, if I recall correctly) that, as I recall
the details, avoids public key methods. Perhaps this was also
described here on the list. I know Bill Stewart has recently discussed
it in sci.crypt or talk.politics.crypto.
What has me worried about it now is evidence from more than one source
that this program is actually much further along than being merely a
"trial balloon" being floated. In fact, it now looks as though the
hardware-based key escrow systems will be deemphasized, as Al Gore's
letter seems to say, in favor of software-based schemes.
While I've been skeptical that software-based schemes are secure (the
bits are hardly secure against tampering), the addition of negotiation
with another site (a lot like online clearing of digital cash, it
seems) can make it nearly impossible for tampering to occur. That is,
I'm now more persuaded that the NIST/NSA(?) proposal would allow
software-based key escrow.
Here's the rub:
* Suppose the various software vendors are "incentivized" to include
this in upcoming releases. For example, in 30 million copies of
Microsoft's "Chicago" (Windows 4.0) that will hit the streets early in
'95 (betas are being used today by many).
* This solves the "infrastructure" or "fax effect" problem--key escrow
gets widely deployed, in a way that Clipper was apparently never going
to be (did any of you know _anybody_ planning to buy a "Surety"
(Granted, this is key escrow for computers, not for voice
communication. More on this later.)
* Once widely deployed, with not talk of the government holding the
keys, then eventual "mandatory key escrow" can be proposed, passed
into law by Executive Order (Emergency Order, Presidential Directive,
whatever your paranoia supports), an act of Congress, etc.
I don't claim this scenario is a sure thing, or that it can't be
stopped. But if in fact a "software key escrow" system is in the
works, and is more than just a "trial balloon," then we as Cypherpunks
should begin to "do our thing," the thing we've actually done pretty
well in the past. To wit: examine the implications, talk to the
lobbyist groups about what it means, plan sabotage efforts (sabotage
of public opinion, not planting bugs in the Chicago code!), and
develop ways to make sure that a voluntary key escrow system could
never be made mandatory.
(Why would _anyone_ ever use a voluntary key escrow system? Lots of
reasons, which is why I don't condemn key escrow automatically.
Partners in a business may want access under the right circumstances
to files. Corporations may want corporate encryption accessible under
emergencyy circumstances (e.g., Accounting and Legal are escrow
agencies). And individuals who forget their keys--which happens all
the time--may want the emergency option of asking their friends who
agreed to hold the key escrow stuff to help them. Lots of other
reasons. And lots of chances for abuse, independent of mandatory key escrow.)
But there are extreme dangers in having the infrastructure of a
software key escrow system widely deployed.
I can't see how a widely-deployed (e.g., all copies of Chicago, etc.)
"voluntary key escrow" system would remain voluntary for long. It
looks to me that the strategy is to get the infrastructure widely
deployed with no mention of a government role, and then to bring the
government in as a key holder.
(The shift of focus away from telephone communications to data is an
important one. I can see several reasons. First, this allows wide
deployment by integration into next-gen operating systems. A few
vendors can be "incentivized." Second, voice systems are increasingly
turning into data systems, with all the stuff surrounding ISDN,
cable/telco alliances, "set-top" boxes, voice encryption on home
computers, etc. Third, an infrastructure for software key escrow would
make the backward extension to voice key escrow more palatable. And
finally, there is a likely awareness that the "terrorist rings" and
"pedophile circles" they claim to want to infiltrate are more than
likely already using computers and encryption, not simple voice lines.
This will be even more so in the future. So, the shift of focus to
data is understandable. That it's a much easier system in which to get
40-60 million installed systems _almost overnight_ is also not lost on
NIST and NSA, I'm sure.)
In other words, a different approach than with Clipper, where
essentially nobody was planning to buy the "Surety" phones (except
maybe a few thousand) but the government role was very prominent--and
attackable, as we all saw. Here, the scenario might be to get 40-60
million units out there (Chicago, next iteration of Macintosh OS,
maybe Sun, etc.) and then, after some series of events (bombings,
pedophile rings, etc.) roll in the mandatory aspects.
Enforcement is always an issue, and I agree that many bypasses exist.
But as Diffie notes, the "War on Drugs" enlistment of corporations was
done with various threats that corporations would lose
assets/contracts unless they cooperated. I could see the same thing
for a software-based key escrow.
A potentially dangerous situation.
I was the one who posted the Dorothy Denning "trial balloon" stuff to
sci.crypt, in October of 1992, six months before it all became real
with the announcement of Clipper. This generated more than a thousand
postings, not all of them useful (:-}), and helped prepare us for the
shock of the Clipper proposal the following April.
I see this software-based key escrow the same way. Time to start
thinking about how to stop it now, before it's gone much further.
Putting Microsoft's feet to the fire, getting them to commit to *not*
including any form of software-based key escrow in any future releases
of Windows (Chicago or Daytona) could be a concrete step in the right
direction. Ditto for Apple. I'm sure we can think of other steps to help derail widespread
deployment of this infrastructure.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-26 16:45:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: New Threat on the Horizon: Software Key Escrow 
Sorry I haven't been able to participate in the thread I started, but
my own post has yet to make it here to "Notcom," and later posts are
dribbling in out of order, without prior context, etc. (I suspect the
problem is at Netcom's end, e.g., refusing mail, and not at Toad's
I think this is happening. I just got a forwarded response from a
Microsoft paralegal, and he confirms that Microsoft is working on
various aspects of key escrow, software key escrow, etc. Mostly, he
says, for export to countries with key escrow (!!). I don't feel at
liberty to post his response here, but I encourage Blanc Weber, who
handled the intermediary exchange, to get permission to do so, or to
just do so on his own authority.
I should also note that the Microsoft legal guy claimed I was "off a
little" (which could be "a lot" if he was being facetious) in my
speculations about Chicago, in '95. We'll see in 1995, I guess. In
any case, getting confirmation that Microsoft is working on key escrow
_at all_ is a simply amazing development, I would say.
(I don't know if they're planning to use the algorithm that Matt Blaze
described, the one from Trusted Information Systems. Others may know.)
I agree with Hal completely. Everything is pointing to the existence
of a heretofore unknown cooperationg between Microsoft and NIST on a
software key escrow system. The TIS work looks to be the key.
More than this morning, I stand by my speculation that a serious
proposal exists to implement some form of key escrow in software.
This could establish a "de facto standard" faster than anything
connected with Clipper ever could.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-27 11:44:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Government-Controlled Trust Hierarchies 
Two recent threads have been:
* Government-controlled ID systems (National ID Card, is-a-person
credentials, etc.)
* Software Key Escrow (SKE)
These two threads are intimately connected, I claim. We would do well
to consider how they relate, given the recent revelations about plans
for SKE by Microsoft, the already-existing (but mostly unused?)
features in Apple's AOCE/System 7 Pro/etc. system, the proposal by
Stephen Walker at TIS of an SKE system, and the press for a National
ID card.
The "anarchic" model of the "web of trust" found in PGP is anathema to
control freaks...sorry if this sounds like I'm grinding an ideological
axe, but I don't feel I have to make posts to _this_ group sound like
impartial, academic papers.
Someone discussing key escrow here recently said that one thing he's
want to see in any "voluntary" system is "proof of identity." Though
many of us here dismissed his arguments as Detweileresque, in that
Detweiler was always trashing pseudonymity (while being by far the
most obvious user of it, ironically). But I think these arguments are
common in some circles.
For example, to use the Apple Open Collaboration Environment (AOCE)
stuff, one gets one's key by submitting to RSA a notarized statement
of one's identity. I haven't done this, and have no intentions to ever
do so, but I gather than one take's one's passport, birth certificate,
etc., down to a Notary Public, she confirms that the person is indeed
"Sue D. Nym," signs and stamps the AOCE or RSADSI form, and this is
snail-mailed to RSADSI in Redwood Shores. Some days or weeks later,
one's key arrives.
Sort of kills the idea of multiple keys for multiple purposes, of
changing keys frequently, and of not going through such a process in
the first place. Oh, and of course it costs money (the Notary for
sure, and maybe RSADSI...though maybe Apple gives your a free coupon
"Good for One Key Generation").
The Microsoft thing may be going down a similar track. The Microsoft
paralegal who confirmed to me yesterday (via Blanc Weber, who can
attest to what I'm saying) that MS is indeed pursuing SKE claimed
that this is primarily to meet export laws and will not apply, he
claims, to U.S. users.
(I'm confused. If it's _export_ laws, and not _import_ laws into
Haiti, Iraq, France, or other police state who may insist on key
escrow, then won't all U.S.-sold packages of "Chicago" have to have
this SKE built in? Why should U.S. export laws care about what key
escrow laws other countries have? Since when do we enforce other
countries' laws at our borders?)
widely-used operating systems, notably, Microsoft's upcoming release
of "Chicago," the successor to Windows 3.1. (Chicago is essentially
Windows 4.0)
Who will write this? The SKE proposal described at the Karlsruhe
workshop in international key escrow was authored by Stephen Walker
and David Balenson of Trusted Information Systems. Matt Blaze's post
yesterday discussed this in more detail. I suggest we look very closely for connections between TIS and
Microsoft, Apple, Novell, Sun, and any other major OS providers. I
believe TIS is preparing an SKE system that involves the "proof of
identity" notary system Apple and RSADSI are now using, that involves
mandatory selection of escrow agents (*), and that will be widely
deployed in upcoming future operating systems, probably in Chicago in
1995 and maybe in Apple's System 7.5 in '95 as well.
As Hal Finney notes, this will nuke the "web of trust" model, and will
also make all systems in which keys need to be generated on an ad hoc,
as needed basis very difficult or impossible to deploy--at least if
the built-in systems of Chicago or System 7.5 are to be used.
(* A note of confusion. I don't see how the schemes described by Matt
Blaze, Carl Ellison, and others here, in which groups of communicants
agree on a mutual escrow agent can work. For example, suppose a bunch
of say, "OK, we'll play your silly game. We'll use your software,
but our "escrow agents" will be "cypherpunks.nil" and
"bitbucket.void," both of which consign all incoming keys to oblivion.
Whutja gonna do now?" This makes the escrow agents a charade, unless
of course there are laws regulating escrow agents!)
In closing, it looks like the anarchic, distributed, web-of-trust
stuff has been recognized as something governments need to quash. The
first attack, Clipper, failed miserably, for various reasons.
The second attack is much more insidious. Use various pressures on
Microsoft (Gee, I wonder what _that_ could be?) to deploy a Beltway
Bandit-deveoloped (TIS, with inputs from Denning, NIST/NSA) system
that is, happily, "freely exportable." This satisfies Cantwell (so she
drops her bill), this allows Clipper to be quietly killed, this allows
Microsoft to free export Chicago, Daytona, and other such products,
and this presumably keeps the national security state people happy.
Well, this is my scenario. It could be wrong in some details, but
clearly something is brewing out there....too many pieces are matching
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-27 22:04:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Questions about Microsoft and Software Key Escrow 
I've been in e-mail contact today and tonight with the MS paralegal I
mentioned: I urged him to make his comments to the list. It remains
clear to me, not denied by him, that MS is indeed in some process of
evaluating SKE, studying legal and export issues, etc. His own comments, including our exchange today, shows him to have
thought about these issues. (This doesn't make his conclusions, or
Microsoft's, "right," but it sure does mean the idea wasn't a new one
out of left field to them...thus confirming my point that it looks
like MS has work going on.)
Howver, all of these various points need to be verified, as I think I
was pretty careful (some would say overly careful) to say in my posts.
Blanc Weber answered David Merriman's questions, and I will provide
my own gloss on her comments:
I certainly agree that there is no evidence MS is ready to deploy
code. But they appear to be evaluating plans, and possibly have been
talking to NIST/NSA and the export people. I really hope the MS can
comment on what they've been discussing.
(As to the issue of a "software Clipper," SKE could actually be much
worse than Clipper ever was likely to be. I knew of nobody planning to
buy Clipjacked phones, but I know a _lot_ of OS customers. The MS
person told me MS was planning to ensure a "voluntary" standard....you
all know the arguments about deploying a widespread infrastructure
that with the stroke of a pen could stop being voluntary. Talk about
"legitimate needs of law enforcement" (not the MS guy's line, that I
recall...call this paraphrasing) is pretty inconsistent with a
voluntary key escrow system!
My forte here on the list, I like to think, has always been to have
"extremely long-range radar" that can pick up trends far in advance.
Black Unicorn once told he this was my main strength, and even
everybody's second-favorite nemesis, David Sternlight said much the
same thing in sci.crypt. Coming from Sternlight, high praise indeed.
Well, this thing has my whiskers twitching.
I sense evidence that a whole sub-rosa series of negotiations has been
going on, that the SKE developed by TIS with inputs from NIST/NSA is
being pushed on the OS vendors. The talk about "exportability" is a
smokescreen....why should the U.S. insist on voluntary key escrow for
products shipped to repressive regimes? Since when is it the U.S.'s
job to enforce the crypto laws of other nations? Unless, of course, a
series of negotiations has been going on.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark. And it ain't the herring.
By all means, give Microsoft the benefit of the doubt. But also
insist that they explain their work on SKE, and repudiate it.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-28 10:23:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: DES Vulnerable, Why? 
"Can DES be broken?" is of coarse the hoariest of FAQs, so I won't
address it here. Suffice it to say there are literally thousands of
posts in the sci.crypt archives about DES weaknesses, DES-busting
machine designs, etc.
What I want to comment on here is the idea that the TLAs have
_recently_ or _inadvertently_ revealed the weakness of DES. Not so.
Back in 1986-7 there was a major effort to have DES replaced with a
new encryption standard. I don't recall the name for the program, but
it had the support of several chip companies (Intel, AMD, etc.) and
was, I seem to recall, mentioned prominently in the National Computer
Security Act of 1987.
The new standard involved hardware security--thus it was not a new
algorithm per se (but DES is supposed to be done in hardware, too).
Maybe one of you out there remembers the name of this program, and
knows more about why is just fizzled out. I don't want to sort through
old boxes of magazine clippings to find the articles.
The main point is that the chief reason given was that DES was at the
end of its life. Actually, most folks are utterly surprised it's
lasted as long as it has...Diffie and Hellman's paper in the mid- to
late-70s predicted a lifespan of not much more than 10 years.
Triple DES has given it a few more years of breathing room.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-28 10:41:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Just say NYET to censors 
Of course! All decent Americans understand the need to monitor who
watches this filthy smut.
I was meeting last week with Secretary of Decency Falwell and the
President. Dan proposed that we extend the National ID Number to a
range of other services, including books and magazines. After Jerry,
Dan, and I watched that filthy "Debbie Does Fort Meade" again, we were
all very excited about stopping this trash.
--Klaus! von Future Prime Time
(P.S. If a family wants Junior to have no access to the Playboy
Channel, they can damn well buy one of those parental lock-outs. Or
whip him good for accessing the channel when they told him "nyet." Or
whip her good (and hopefully get it on tape!) if she tunes into Oprah
to hear about teens who married their transexual gym teachers. I don't
want any stinking government type telling me I have to have an ID
number! I'm sure Nathan Zooks is sincere, but, gadzooks, this reminds
me of why the Republican Party is as much a threat to libery as the
Clinton Gang is.)

@_date: 1994-07-28 12:15:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Questions about Microsoft and Software Key Escrow 
I don't believe the folks at MS are lying--I believe they are telling
the truth as they see it. In fact, the paralegal guy told me a lot of
stuff about the possible justifications for SKE, the export issues
(Feds want SKE for exported products....don't ask me why), etc. He
thought, I guess, that this would _convince_ me that Microsoft's
motives were not evil--which I have never thought was the case,
ironically. Instead, he just confirmed to me via his arguments that
some kind of SKE scheme is being talked about, negotiated with one or
more federal agencies, and may or may not be planned for future
products. This has always been my point: a heads-up on something of profound
importance if it happens.
That Chicago and Daytona have no SKE built in to current versions is
not at all surprising: the SKE proposal got its big boost in momentum
less than two months ago, and demo code may or may not even exist yet
at TIS.
If I were to guess, we're in SKE about where Clipper was in the summer
of '92...a few hints (Denning and Micali papers) but the various
corporate players (Mykotronx, VLSI Technology, AT&T, etc.) were just
being brought on board. And announcement was still 9 months off in the
future. (Actually, I don't know when all the Clipper players joined
the team...it may've been even earlier than 1992. I'm just making the
point that the public knew nothing about this until a press conference
on April 16, 1993.)
Except this time around there's a greater sensitivity to such deals,
and a lot more ways for sources to communicate tips :-}. There are
also 600 Cypherpunks ready to critique software key escrow.
That Microsoft's legal people know about SKE, despite its newness to
most in the crypto community, and that issues are being debated about
it, shows pretty compellingly that the SKE idea is indeed being worked
on one way or another. This is actually more important than "official
statements," for obvious reasons.
(We often lose sight of actual realities in our focus on "official
statements" and disclaimers about not speaking for Lockheed or Apple
or whatever.)

@_date: 1994-07-28 14:07:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Denning and Walker on SKE and International Escrow 
Somebody (who can speak up if he wants to) sent me this advance
program...looks like deja vu all over again.
I've elided all the talks other than those of interest to this debate.
Actually, all the other papers deal with the same ball of wax...it
looks like some serious discussions about "the legitimate needs of law
enforcement" and whatnot have *already occurred*. My guess is that key
escrow is already part of the New World Order (not to sound like a
conspiracy theorist) and that's why the export folks are making
comments to software companies about key escrow.
One big happy police state.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-28 15:07:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Mother of All Clipper Systems? 
The trends are ominous. Outside of this forum and my contacts and
sources, I've also been corresponding today with Whit Diffie, Jim
Bidzos, John Gilmore, and Eric Hughes. How fast could a system happen? Depends on the nature of the
"emergency," how far along the code is (my guess: not in the next
several months), and all sorts of legal issues.
The upcoming conference, which I just excerpted, suggests that
international key escrow is very far along. The National Health Care
thing could mandate a national ID card (called something else, of
course), and this could happen shortly after enabling legislation
passes. Combined with growing waves of illegal immigrants....
Anyway, it may or may not all fit together. But if all does, we could
be facing the "mother of all Clippers." (The clipper of all mothers?)
Here's a well-written piece on national ID cards. I found it in the
cpsr group (see, Jim, we *do* read other newsgroups). I've made a few
notes and marks, especially in sections mentioning the uses and timing
that could fit with a new crypto initiative, such as SKE.
Newsgroups: comp.org.cpsr.talk
toward a national ID card for all citizens.  For instance, PC WEEK had a front page article on May 9th, a couple months ago entitled, "Postal Service,
IRS developing national identity cards; Clinton may give OK":
"The Clinton administration is working on creating an identification card
that every American will need to interact with any federal government
agency.  The card initiative came into the forefront at last month's
CardTech/SecureTech Conference in Crystal City, Va..."
"Sources close to the administration said President Clinton is also considering signing a pair of executive orders that would facilitate
            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ the connection of individuals' bank accounts and federal records to
                               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^                 a government identification card..."
"At the conference, postal representative Chuck Chamberlain outlined
how an individual's U.S. Card would be automatically connected with
the Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Treasury, the
IRS, the banking system, and a central database of digital signatures
                             ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
for use in authenticating E-mail and other transactions."
                          ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
(Tim: This would fit nicely with an SKE system, don't you think?)
"While the U.S. Card is only a proposal, the Postal Service is prepared
to put more than 100 million of the cards in citizens' pockets within
months of administration approval, which could come at any time."
As long as one doesn't interact with the Postal Service (e.g. doesn't use
mail), the IRS (doesn't earn taxable income), and doesn't have a bank
account then it won't be a "must carry" card.  However, this doesn't include very many people in America.
Another source says "Digital Media reports that the Clinton administration
is laying plans to create an encoded national identity card.  Every
citizen would be obliged to use the new "U.S. Card" in all dealings with
any federal agency and in 'virtually every other legally binding electronic
transaction made by U.S. citizens.'"
"...To further increase electronic surveillance of citizens, Clinton has
reportedly prepared two executive orders that would allow the IRS to
monitor personal bank accounts and 'automatically collect taxes based
on the results." ("Clinton readies national identity card," _Strategic
Investment_, June 22, 1994, p. 2)
The Seattle Times reported on July 13, 1994 that "The United States, in
a response to its ability to control illegal immigration, may soon ask
every American to carry a national identity card..."
So the answer is yes, it is intended to be a national ID card.
I find it hard to believe that every citizen will not have to carry one
of these cards.  For all practical purposes, given these proposals
implemented, it would be quite inconvenient to leave home without it.
This is something that we should all take seriously.

@_date: 1994-07-28 15:46:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Signature Stripping a Bad Idea 
Reasons why attempts to automatically strip signatures a bad idea:
* Breaks the assumpton that remailers are not reaching in and
twiddling internals of a message.
* Maybe a signature is _desired_ at some point.
* Can lead to various problems, especially if implemented badly.
We've had this debate before, and the consensus was that treating a
remailed block as inviolate is a "win."
Certainly anyone can announce this "feature" as a service, sort of a
"Dummie's Remailer." Like censor services (that screen your mail),
such things are easily imaginable, but should never become the norm,
and should never be mandated.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-29 10:32:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Just say 'No' to key escrow." 
Ah, the exact question for us to be asking! "Why add SKE at all when
no one's asking for it?" Indeed.
Why the upcoming conference on key escrow? Why the representatives
from Germany, Netherlands, France, etc.?
Where is the public debate about these things? (I'm not claiming, by
the way, that corporations have to debate with the public before
developing features--I'm a free market sort. But it's clear that more
than just isolated product developments are involved. The extent of
collusion between vendors and goverments is unclear, but signs point
to such collusion.)
We may be able to rally enough opposition this time around to make
work on SKE an "unsocial" thing to do (Recall our strategy of making
Clipper vendors corporate outcasts, with our "Big Brother Inside"
"Just say 'No" to key escrow."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-29 10:54:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NYET -- Non-Yids Extinguish Traitors 
We Islamic Fundamentalists are very worried about the exposure of
Allah's children to the den of vipers that Infidels call "the Net."
("The Pit" is a much better name, in more ways than one.)
NYET proposes to create two sorts of accounts on the net: Believers and
Believers would be denied access to all but the blessed groups
(currently, only alt.fan.salman.rushdie.kill.kill.kill). Infidels
would be denied access to all groups.
God is Great!
Allah's Humble Sword of Vengeance, --El-Tim Shabbaz Al-May

@_date: 1994-07-29 11:48:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
No, I obviously won't sign that ;-}. First, Blanc has said many
things, even expressing her own concerns about the implications of
SKE, so this statement is overly broad. Second, "I really had nothing
to worry about" is under no circumstances true.
But my main point here will be to comment on the *infrastructure* that
SKE implies, and whey even a "voluntary" system is worrisome.
Yes, more debate is needed. I've seen essentially no mention of it in
the press, though I understand some articles will soon be coming.
For an idea with such ramifications, with a conference of
international scope, and with folks withing software companies already
briefed on this new idea, I'd say it's high time to get the public
debate started.
"Key escrow" does not automatically imply loss of privacy. For
example, I have a diskette containing my keys which I store off-site,
to protect myself from loss of my computer. Likewise, I could deposit
copies of keys, or cryptosplit files, with a lawyer, a key escrow
service, etc. Ditto inside corporations.
But what is the reason of the involvement of "law enforcement" and the
"intelligence community" in this matter? I refer you all to the
upcoming conference agenda, the involvement of NIST/NSA, TIS, Denning,
and FBI Director Louis Freeh. Look at the papers being presented at
the conference.
Any questions?
That's a good point. The government apparently wants to limit the free
and personal use of crypto, to create a SKE system where Clipper
failed. I am certainly not alone in drawing this conclusion.
Vague statements about it all being voluntary are hardly consistent
with the involvement of law enforcement, other intelligence agencies,
the export control folks, and the police and intelligence agencies of
other nations.
(Some Cyperpunks get very indignant when the issues of gun control and
crypto are linked, but this is an obvious case of strong parallels.
Those that know about gun registration, limits on ammunition sales,
licensing, etc., will already know about the parallels. Those that
don't are probably not gun rights advocates, so they won't be
I don't proprose to "prevent" any company from exploring key escrow. I
just don't see why law enforcement, intelligence agencies, etc. have
anything to do with this, and I am very worried by the arguments I
hear about "legitimate needs of law enforcement" and "export laws."
If Microsoft or Novell or Apple wishes to offer products that support
easy use of software key escrow, fine. It's a dangerous temptation to
government to take their voluntary systems and make them mandatory (as
I suspect is the goal, soon enough), but I would not try to use the
law to stop them. I might try to use public pressure, but I'd have to
wait and see what their scheme looked like.
Any hint that the systems used were developed with government backing,
with "incentivization," or with protocols especially suited for
eventual mandatory use, would of course change everything....then I
would favor doing more.
We're in a new kind of situation. Technologies are no longer just
"free market" issues, they often get developed with government inputs,
with collusion with other companies (where the government sanctions
and even encourages this collusion), and where the infrastructure of a
police state is possibly being deployed.
So let's be vigilant.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-29 13:42:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Just say 'No' to key escrow." 
I'd say it's pretty obvious, from the many articles, editorials, etc.
against Clipper. Cypherpunks were by no means the only, or even the
dominant, factor. Many factors were involved.
Clipper became a national joke, with 80% of polled Americans against
it. And corporations were loathe to associate themselves with it,
especially after the initial, highly-negative reaction.
A campaign of ridicule is often effective.
If and when Microsoft unveils government-friendly key escrow, I expect
we'll be ready with some nice slogans...I know I will!
--Tim May, coiner of "Big Brother Inside" and other slogans.

@_date: 1994-07-29 15:02:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
To this can be added an obvious fourth possibility:
        d) know and care, but have a paycheck to earn and a career
           to think about.
I think many people working for companies developing unsavory products
find reasonse not to quit in rigtheous indignation.
In fact, we could add more possibilities:
         e) know and care, but think it best to "work from within"
         f) know and care, but also know that company will just assign
            others to same job
And so forth.
The may also know and care, but think the dangers are being
overstated, or that "that's not my department" ("says Klaus! von
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-29 18:32:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Popular Front for the Liberation of Crypto 
I was talking last Saturday to Keith Henson, at the
Extropians/Cypherpunks/PenSFA party at Eric Messick's geodesic dome in
the Santa Cruz Mountains (I wanted to give you folks the "ambience"),
and Keith had just flown back from Memphis, where he had been
assisting the defense on computer and ECPA matters (Electronic
Communications Privacy Act). Keith has been on our list, has attended
several meetings, and is well-known to many of us.
Anyway, Keith confirmed that *several more* cases are pending, and I
joked (gallows humor) that the Mormons would get them next. A few days
later, charges were filed in Salt Lake City.
Grim times in cyberspace. Perhaps folks who are more willing to "compromise" with the law
enforcement types can see why I'm so opposed to helping them hang us.
I'm in the "Rejectionist Front"--no escrow, no limits on key lengths,
no fealty to outmoded laws. Too many Cypherpunks are trying to arrange
"reasonable compromises," I fear.
Perhaps I should form a splinter group, the PFLC, the Popular Front
for the Liberation of Crypto. The PFLC would axiomatically reject the
crappy compromises with Al Gore on the NII, the upcoming "deal" on
Digital Telephony (a deal is being cut even now), and the deal on
escrowed key systems we've been talking about lately.
The solution to the AA BBS sorts of things will not come anytime soon,
and probably not through the courts. Full-blown remailers, moving
AA-type boards out of the Beknighted States, etc.
Feeling paranoid, --Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-29 19:00:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: article for cypherpunks (fwd) 
Irony of ironies! Keith Henson, who I was just minutes ago writing
about, just asked me to forward an article to the CP list. Forwarded message:

@_date: 1994-07-29 19:32:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Truly Voluntary Software Key Escrow 
I know I've written too much today--I'll try to take a few days off
once SKE thing blows over (blows over for _now_, since it is likely to
be with us for years).
But Blanc asks a concrete question that actually has a very simple
First, the nature of the TIS-developed SKE system needs to be further
examined. But from my recollection of what Diffie told us about it,
and what Matt Blaze has told us about it, the most dangerous aspect of
a government-friendly SKE system is that government(s) will license,
authorize, regulate, or control escrow agents.
That is, entities that are "escrow agents" might have to pay a $500
yearly fee (like gun dealers), meet certain requirements, file
paperwork, be subject to audits of records, etc. In fact, this sort of
thing seems consistent with what foreign governments are almost
certain to require of SKE.
Here's the catch: a purely voluntary system, such as Joe's Accounting
or Cypherpunks 'R Us might want to use would allow several
easily-selectable options:
- no escrow at all....flip a switch, and escrow is bypassed completely
(after all, if "key escrow" is purely voluntary, and is driven by
customer demands, then the default option would be "no escrow")
- escrow sites can be arbitrary (or even dev/null bit buckets)
(again, if driven by customer demands, no licensing, no regulation,
etc. Escrow sites could just be disk drives on the LAN, for example.)
So the answer to Blanc's question is clear:
Answer: A voluntary escrow system shall have no requirements that it
must be used, no limitation on the nature or form of the escrow sites,
and no requirements whatsover for licensing, auditing, regulations,
inspection, or control of escrow sites. Escrow sites could be one's
mother, one's neighbor, or even one's own system. Or none at all.
And no SKE system should communicate to others, in special fields or
elsewhere, whether escrow is being used, who or what the escrow sites
are, etc. (Again, a truly voluntary system should not have any such
hooks in it. When I make backups of my data, I don't have to signal to
the outside world what format, where, etc. Key escrow for added security should be "observationally inivsible."
No party outside the individual or group using key escrow should have
any way of knowing if key escrow is occurring. Simple.
Any requirements imposed by negotiation with law enforcement, the FBI,
Interpol, the NSA/NIST, or any other body signal that the so-called
"voluntary" standard is about as voluntary as income taxes are. And
*any* signalling that escrow is or is not being done is a violation of
the observational invisibility criterion for a voluntary system.
So, the answer is very simple: a truly customer-driven solution will
have many ways of turning off the escrow, choosing agents arbitrarily
and without permission from outsiders, and with "observational
invisibility" that makes the choice of using key escrow truly a
private choice.
(I submit that this will not be very acceptable to law enforcement,
which is of course why the "voluntary" nature is a charade.)
We can make a more refined list of essential characteristics of a
truly voluntary system, as I may have missed a few details. But the
idea is common-sensical: a voluntary system is a private system,
giving no evidence as to its use, nonuse, conditions, etc.
These are features of Microsoft's or anyone else's SKE system that we
can verify easily. And report any deviations from.
Once again I urge the folks out there working on SKE systems--and I
know at least 3 by name now, not to sound like Senator McCarthy--to
openly discuss these points and to publically commit to a "voluntary
escrow" protocol that has strong crypto/no escrow as a central option.
(If the only choices are strong crypto/mandatory escrow and weak
crypto/no escrow, then we know the standard is hardly voluntary.)
I thank Blanc for asking such a direct question, one which has an easy
answer. I hope she can pass it on to others.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 11:26:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
This won't cut it. No outsiders can interfere with how I raise my
children, in terms of the views I expose them to. ("Public schooling"
is not the issue, as children can be sent to Xtian, Buddhist,
Adventist, or whatever schools,...so long as minimal standards are
met. There is no requirement for ideological or memetic balance.)
Practically, any system such as Mike proposes above would fail.
Parents have control over the reading material of children. Ditto for
television, movies, etc.
I'm getting involved here in this political discussion because some
Cyherpunks think it's OK to forcibly butt into how others raise their
children, that this is somehow consistent with a Cypherpunk attitude
about information and liberty. It's not.
We saw this idea that "parents cannot force their children ..." reach
its fruition in the Branch Davidian case, where the BATF had to burn
the children in order to save the children.
I reject the notion that the state needs to intervene in families in
order to make sure that balanced and appropriate views are provided.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 13:25:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Big Brother's Escrow Systems 
Jim puts it rather more bluntly than I am comfortable with, but his
point is a good one.
Many of us style ourselves as free-market libertarians, so what
features a company puts into its products is not for us to interfere
with, in most cases.
But we are entering a new era, an era in which products are not just
developed and then dumped on the market for customers to either buy or
not but, but instead in which products are developed over many years,
with many inputs from customers, other companies, and even from
government agencies.
Analogies from Orwell are often dangerous, but this is one that may
apply. If a security camera company sells a 'baby monitor,' as many
companies do, there is no real threat, and no real worry.
Suppose that company works with government agencies, export
departments, and the police forces of various nations to develop a
tamper-resistant camera system that can be used to "voluntarily
escrow" the captured images. The advocates for the "voluntary" escrow
features, with transmission to a central facility, point out that some
people want their houses monitored while they're on vacation, that
some companies want remote monitoring, etc.
Is this something libertarians would want to interfere with?
A tough call, depending on the pressures put on the company by
Pressures could mount to make the voluntary escrow not quite so
voluntary. Perhaps to protect children against abuse, to catch
pedophiles and sodomites, to detect pot-growing druggies, and to
monitor bomb-planting Muslims.
(I don't think such an Orwellian scheme would ever fly. I'm picking
this parallel to key escrow to make the points in an obvious way, to
explain how even free-market libertarians would oppose such gizmos.)
But surely we would be right in pointing out the possible misuses, the
ethical issues of some governments making the surveillance mandatory,
and the need for design features which prevent such a use?
If Microsoft or any other companies have already colluded with the
national security establishments of the U.S. or other countries to
limit strong crypto except where software key escrow is used, then
attacks on these companies are justified. By "attacks" I mean verbal
condemnation, boycotts, ostracism, workarounds to bypass the installed
systems, and other measures. I'm not saying that Microsoft has already
colluded, or that they plan to. As I've expressed here, there are
certainly signs that SKE is well-known to at least some folks within
Microsoft, which is in itself an interesting and perhaps telling fact.
The upcoming conference on international key escrow, and the talk
about export issues, suggests a deal may be in the works.
In short, I don't think we have to wait until a "completely voluntary"
(in the U.S., probably not in lots of other countries) software key
escrow system is deployed and ready to have a switch thrown to make
it mandatory before we begin to act.
I am not one of those libertarians who sophistically argues that
aggression has not occurred until the bullet is actually passing
through one's brain.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 13:58:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
Please, Mike, let's not resort to winning arguments with comments such
as yours above. I think I was reasonably polite in my response to you,
even foregoing my intended spoof (along the lines of Christian
Fundamentalists demanding the right to speak to the children of
Heathens and Jews, a point consistent with your point that parents
have no right to stop such sources of outside information).
Most of us have a simple answer to this one: if "Grandpa Tim" is using
"his" money, he can spend it as he wishes. If he's using his son's
money, then his son can cut back on the "pampering." Simple, and
common sensical. Not 'perfect," in that various unhappy situations may
occur, but the best solution, for lots of reasons. I don't want
outsiders interfering in such decisions.
Personal attacks are not welcome on this list, Mike. Not by me, at
least. If you persist, your comments will get no further answer from
me. (This may sound like Sternlight. Sternlight falters because he
_claims_ to have kill-filed someone, then can't resist responding.)
My children are not allowed to visit public libraries, as I dislike
having them exposed to the collectivist ideas therein. When they have
read all the books in our home, preferably twice, then perhaps I will
allow them to visit a library. I also school them at home. Perfectly
I'm not sure what Mike proposes to do about this situation. I know
that anybody insisting on access to my children to give them
"alternative views" will not be met kindly.
It's well-established that David Koresh could have been picked up
easily on any of his trips into Waco or on any of his morning jogs
around the Branch Davidians ranch. A former Sheriff who once served
papers on Koresh has said the same thing: merely walking up and
knocking on the door would almost certainly have worked.
The Waco massacre has been debated many times in many groups, and I
don't intend to get into it here. The connection with crypto exists,
but is a bit of a reach.
The connection of the recent comments by several folks who argue that
Cyherpunks should support forcible reeducation of children, either
pro-Christian or anti-Christian (the comments about "Funny
Mentalists"), is stronger to the themes of this list.
Anyone who supports censorship of one view or another, who supports
forcible intervention in family and group culture, probably will not
care for the inevitable implications of strong cryptography.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 14:34:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Censoring the Net 
I was initially dismissive of the various calls by members of this
List to censor the Net in various ways:
- to protect children
- to stop illegal posts
- and even to better ensure that children get exposed to alternative
(As a Adept of Cthulhu, I certainly feel it is my right to demand
"fair access" to the children of Xtians and other such ilk. By not
being given a chance of accepting Cthulhu into their
hearts--literally--they are being condemned to being consumed as a
light snack by the Elder Ones. This is just not fair to the children.
Denying them access to salvation is a form of child abuse, and must be
stopped. Raids by the BATF against anti-Cthulhu stronghold would be a
good start....Cthulhu _likes_ the smell of burning children!)
Anyway, the chorus of arguments for censorship here echoes the
discussion going on on the Net as a whole. Very disturbing that so
many Cypherpunks are being drawn in by these specious arguments.
What version of our list have they been reading? Centralized control of the Net is neither advisable nor possible. "Not advisable" becuase then we'd have every special memetic interest
group in the world lobbying for sanctions against their rivals, for
more support for their particular views, and we'd have cops busting
down doors.
"Not possible" because the Net in its current form is world-wide in
scope, with the U.S. only being currently the de facto nexus of
activity. This will not be the case in 10 years, perhaps even in 5
For U.S. laws to control the Net is foolishly impractical.
And strong crypto makes all this moot, eventually. Data havens, full
pseudonymous remailers (two generations beyond today's flaky,
student-run experiments), and "fortress crypto" (the bane of law
enforcement) will make attempts to control who reads what moot.
Your ideas, pro- or anti-Christian, pro- or anti-Muslim, will not be
won by regulating the Net. And Cthulhu will have the last laugh.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 15:17:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Takes a Holiday (NYET, Children, etc.) 
Chill out. This is a quiet day on Cypherpunks, and clearly a lot of
people have views on this. If you'd rather debate whether
multiplicative Abelian subgroups contain inverses which can be used
for crypto purposes, go ahead.
The connection, tenuous (but no more tenuous that a hundred other
threads these past two years), is that of source-level or
receiver-level blocking is central to many of the proposals here and
in general:
* Centralized control: Source-level blocking. "We must protect the
innocents from X" (Where X is, variously: pro-Christian material,
anti-Christian material, pro/con Muslim, Mormon, Jewish, etc.
material, violent images, Barney images, sex, anti-sex, etc.).
* Decentralized, market control: Receiver-level blocking. "I'll decide
what I want to see." Local filter agents, local control. (This
includes voluntary services like Prodigy, provided an alternative
Strong crypto makes the second view impossible to stop.
Is this enough of a connection?
Or should we declare this debate illegal and go back to asking what
the best way to generate random numbers is?
(I'm not dissin' the random number people...we've just seen that
debate too many times, with too little advance progress by people who
refuse to check out the Blum-Blum-Shub papers and whatnot.)
I doubt I can convince Nathan Zooks that his idea for a world-wide
police state to ensure that children are not exposed to anti-Christian
material is a lousy idea, or that I can convince Mike Duvos that his idea
of mandating access to Nathan's "Funny Mentalist" children so as to
de-program them is an equally lousy idea, but I sure do hope I can
convince most of you that central control just doesn't work.
Let the ideas compete, but don't argue for a Net that is what the
Unites States was ostensibly organized to avoid.
It ain't perfect, and neither will crypto-anarchy be perfect, but it
beats having cops come to my door.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 15:53:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Children and the Net 
Not "no limits," _different limits_.
And since we all have different limits for what we want our children
to see, we want to make the choices ourselves.
(Ironically, James Donald's point about having his son see a live
birth is fairly _tame_ in some circles. Here in Santa Cruz, classes of
4th and 5th graders are routinely visited by midwives (or midpersons,
I guess) who show them all sorts of things. It's politically correct
to show the kids these sorts of things.)
(Visiting one friend, his daughter pointed out a large metal bowl
containing the afterbirth (of a recent birth). I was not
impressed. I'll leave it to you to guess what they were doing with it
at home. Should we _raid_ this house? Or should we _mandate_ this
behavior? Should pagans and lesbian witches visit publically-mandated
classrooms so as to de-program children of their patriarchal,
Xtian-centered, homophobic tendencies?)
[An answer to this rhetorical question: There's no more reason to
centralize and assign schools than there is to centralize and assign
food stores. Elminate public funding for education--or go to a voucher
system if you must--and let the various schools and their diverse
approaches compete for the dollars of the parents. Simple.]
This diversity is why it's so important that we not let governments,
or even local "communities" dictate what we can see, what we can let
our children see, or tell us what we _make_ our children see.
A pretty basic idea, I'd say.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 19:38:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Children, the Net, and Dead Modems 
Mike Duvos flames:
Come on, Mike, we didn't flame you _that_ much! :-}
(Has anybody heard from Nathan to see if the same thing happened to
him? Perhaps he took it as a sign from above.)
Good luck on gettting back up to at least a tolerable speed. My Supra
14.4 has been running like a charm for more than two years. And
they're a lot cheaper now than then.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 21:58:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Big Brother's Escrow Systems 
I think the likely scenario is shaping to be: strong crypto can be
exported if software key escrow is included. The comments about
meeting export requirements, the Karlsruhe workshop on international
key escrow, and the agenda for the upcoming conference on
international aspects ("global challenges"), with a heavy focus on key
escrow, all point to this.
Going along with this "ground truth" (no SKE = no export) does not
require a malicious person bent on using software to subvert and
dominate the world (not a direct reference to Bill Gates).
I can't speak to any one person's intentions. But what Blanc says here
reads to me like this: if they say put SKE in, he'll put it in. But
this is idle speculation on our part.
The key is to make sure that any "voluntary" system be truly
voluntary, with arbitrary key escrow agents (and no special
requirement, fees, or approvals needed!), an easy and transparent way
to turn off escrow completely, and "observational invisibility" of the
escrow process (transmitted files give no evidence to eavesdroppers o
being escrowed, or who the escrow agents are, etc.).
"Collaboration" may be a misleading word. Perhaps Microsoft, Cantwell,
etc., backed off from their opposition to a debilitating plan (no
export of strong crypto) because they saw the proposed TIS system as
being acceptable. (_I_ don't find it acceptable, because I
axiomatically reject the concept of mandatory key escrow, but I have
to say that many people will find it to be an acceptable compromise.
Whether Maria Cantwell, Bill Gates, etc., have been thusly involved is
still speculative.)
In the upcomign debate on this, I think you'll find that many people
will consider software key escrow to be a "reasonable compromise,"
with all the right buzzwords: court order, search warrant, legitimate
needs of law enforcement, preserves the wiretap capabilities we now
have, etc.
I present it as a tool for a surveillance state, but others will see
it as a reasonable compromise. Especially if it means the same box
marked "Peoria" can now be shipped freely around the world. I have a
feeling that J. Random Tycoon will consider the compromise reasonable.
Then what is "the agreement" that has been spoken of? What key escrow
schemes are being developed by the folks attending the conference?
We may know one way or another what's cooking in the next half year or
so. The upcoming conference will raise visibility, and SKE will need
to be reasonably widely deployed by mid-96 or so, or I suspect it'll
be too late. I hope I'm proven wrong by events. I can't see any rationale for SKE
only in exports (e.g., why should U.S. _export_ law care about escrow
being used within Russia, for example?), so I expect either no SKE or
SKE in nearly all major OSes.
Given that the overall "EES" is definitely not dead, but that the
specific hardware of "Clipper" appears to be dead (any minor market
the Surety phones had, has evaporated), then what is the position on
Cantwell didn't win...crypto export is still controlled. Key escrow
isn't dead, only the "hardware chip" seems to be dead. And given the
accelerating conversion to phones and video via computers--the whole
multimedia/video/conferencing thing--the key escrow guys in Washington
and in Europe _have_ to be thinking about software key escrow, because
all those installed 486 and Pentium boxes are already communicating,
and those folks aren't going to be buying "Capstone Modems" with EES
chips inside. (And something like 50% of all Pentium boxes are being
sold into private homes, amazingly.)
How to deal with public opposition to Clipper, corporate reluctance to
buy new Clipper phones and new Capstone modems, and to this change to
a world of computers talking to other computers?
Fortunately for them, the software key escrow system of Walker and
Belenson, with inputs from Schmid, Denning, and others, looks to
ideally solve this problem. It runs with existing hardware, requires
no new purchases of chips, and avoids the patents of other systems.
(The TIS system apparently avoids the Micali patent, or at least
Schmid and Denning were reportedly very happy at Karlsruhe to hear of
prior art, by a European, which apparently predated Micali's patent
filing by some years....Whit Diffie reported this.)
Now all you've got to do is get it installed widely. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-07-31 23:46:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Lady Di's medical records 
Legal liability by the therapist could help even more. The safe
manufacturers were driven to develop better safes not by exhorting
customers to buy better safes, but by the actual financial incentives
induced by the insurers...buy a stronger safe and rates go down. Likewise, lose your client's confidential medical/psychiatric records,
end up paying $2,000,000 in damages...your insurer will then
incentivize customers to use better security.
(The value of insurance or other secondary markets cannot be ignored:
people rarely think an even will occur to them, so they are
unresponsive to specific risks. But insurers can make the market more
communicative and liquid.)
I understand that in California, shrinks have a duty to protect
records. I expect encryption is spreading. I also expect that many of
them are worried about the trend to force disclosure of patient
records. (Such as with the Tarasoff ruling on patients who make
threats, the various other loopholes for breaking doctor-patient
privilege, the various "discovery" procedures in court cases, and so
(Watch for software key escrow to fold this in: mandated encryption of
records, but American Psychiatric Association and California State
Mental Health Association the designated escrow sites. For example.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-01 11:09:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' Electronic Book 3 
To expand on the points Eric Hughes made:
Indeed, there's a trend here on Cypherpunks to try to get others do
the work, when what is really needed is more work, period. Although I am probably known for "rants," I more or less agree agree
with Pr0duct Cypher's pithy "One line of code is worth a thousand
rants." (I say "more or less" because I suspect some of my political
articles, here and elsewhere, are more useful than any of the lines of
code I've written...some Lisp, some Mathematica, and now some
Smalltalk/V.) But one principle I try to stick to is to always bite my tongue when I
feel tempted to ask others to do something "trivial."
A better approach is to find things one can do one's self and "just
do it." One of these things I am spending a lot of time on now is a
Cypherpunks FAQ. While I will welcome contributions, corrections, and
elaborations, this will have to come after it is distributed, not as a
"stone soup" sort of project.
(The "stone soup" approach, named of course after the fable, is to
throw out a crude outline and then wait for others to write sections.
This was tried a couple of times with the FAQ (not by me)--it failed.
I fear the "Cypehrpunks Electronic Book" falls into this category,
independent of the tangential issues of how it will get "automatically
distributed" with Majordomo or procmail or whatever.)
Eric is right of course. Having an idea but expecting others to flesh
it out and do the actual work is akin to the folks who naively
approach published authors and say they have a "good idea" which
merely needs a "little work." It just doesnn't work that way.
The recently debated "Cypherpunks Electronic Book" I suspect is like
this. Sorting through 40 megabytes of Cypherpunks material for stuff
to include in my FAQ, and organizing and writing for a couple of hours
a day, I have a pretty clear idea of how much stuff is out there. A
A "Cypherpunks Electronic Book" is an even bigger project than the FAQ
I'm working on. And I have grave doubts that my FAQ will be read by
the very people that most need to read it, given their apparent
failure to read the existing FAQs in sci.crypt, the RSADSI/Paul Fahn
FAQ, the documentation as part of PGP, and Schneier's FAQ. (I hope I
have not insulted anyone who is undeserving of insult. If my words
apply to you, take it as a recommendation that you read the existing
FAQs carefully.)
So, if the CEB enthusiasts want to try this, I applaud them. I just
don't see the point in trying to have it declared an Official Project
(or whatever). If you want to do it, go ahead and do it.  But don't
expect that merely proposing the "idea" will mean others will "fill in
the details." (And the "details" of the writing of sections are vastly
more time-consuming than the mere issue of distributing!)
Frankly, I favor the WWW/HTML/Mosaic/Lynx approach, and may eventually [Ado
something along these lines with my FAQ. (My FAQ is written in a
structured outline processor, "MORE" for the Mac, but of course will
be distributed in straight ASCII. However, I can read it into
FrameMaker, which I also have, and then--I hear, but haven't
tried--embed HTML links to other articles, URLs, etc.)
But this will have to wait.  First things first.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-01 22:58:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Micali's "Fair" Encryption 
Micali's scheme could be very useful for ensuring that a secret is not
lost forever upon the death, departure, or forgetfulness of an
employee. Even Cypherpunks Inc. would probably be interested in a
crypto system that allows reconstruction of a key by some process, for
secrets belonging to the company.
Generally, a whole range of algorithms and protocols is not a bad
thing. (A similar example is a protocol for digicash that only
"allows" partial withdrawals of one's cash...why would anyone "want"
such a limiting system? Think about it.) So long as the market is able
to function, and is not distorted by coercive laws, expect various
sorts of systems.
This said, I dislike the "fair" appelation, as it seems to be a kind
of propagandizing. In this age of hype, not surprising. But very bad
if the "fair" name gets used to help make such schemes mandatory for
private citizens.
I look forward to hearing your summary, Bill! Micali's paper was
presented at the '92 Crypto Conference ("Proceedings" should be
readily available in the usual places: university libraries and large
technical bookstores, or by special order from Springer-Verlag),
around the same time Denning was describing this and other possible
"trial balloons" for key escrow.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-01 23:43:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CEB 5 - The Hangover 
Gary Jeffers apparently blames me for his dropping of the "Cypherpunks
Electronic Book" project:
I did not write "on and on" about this--go back and read what I wrote.
Flaky ranters like you and Hettinga are but the latest in a string of
ranters who wring their hands and cry "*Do* something I tried to be
polite in my comments, even saying "So, if the CEB enthusiasts want to
try this, I applaud them." In most of these cases, including Detweiler's similar wailings that no
one would create "alt.whistleblowers" for him, such politeness is
apparently unappreciated. Ranting is ever so much more fun, I guess.
(Hettinga's rants about "Garth and Wayne," broken windows, fleas on
his head, and "I'm not worthy" are just too strange for me to follow.
I sense a proto-Detweiler is forming in the great void.)
Nonsense. Like Detweiler's "electrocracy," this idea was just an old
notion in new clothes. In this case, the "stone soup" FAQ idea all
over again. I said it before, so I'll be brief: worrying about the details of
distribution instead of the writing is the big mistake. Distribution
is relatively trivial, whether by ftp at the soda site, distribution
by mail, whatever. If _you_ think it is worth, and _others_ think it is worthy, then
absolutely nothing is stopping you all from doing this project! Do you
think the comments of _me_ are enough to stop you? Jeesh.
What you seem to have done is to see my comments about such "stone
soup" let's-volunteer-the-others appraches and then just _given up_ in
a huff. Methinks you just have no staying power and were hoping the
Cyperpunks Masses would make your CEB project the centerpiece of their
efforts with little further work on your part. It just doesn't happen
that way.
It won't happen because nobody out there is going to do it, not
because your feelings got hurt. More nonsense. Nonsense I am finished responding to. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-02 11:07:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
If Matt's attack works, and Clipper/Capstone/Tessera/etc. has to be
redesigned, some issues are pretty apparent:
* the NSA _apparently_ fell down on the job...where was their own
"Tiger Team" trying to break the proposed system?
* ditto for the whitewash by the "Blue Ribbon Panel," the one that
Dorothy Denning was on (chaired?) and that met for a _whole weekend_
(wow!) to bless the Capstone algorithm. Not that I really expected
* Combined with Micali's talk of a lawsuit, the slow acceptance of
Clipper (Cypherpunks and others have helped to make Clipper a very
dirty word, thus slowing any corporate acceptance that I suspect the
NSA was hoping for), and these problems, the Clipper program seems to
be in disarray.
So, NSA's vaunted crypto capabilities seem to be waning. (I'm sure
there are still many competent folks at the Fort, of course.) Their
venture in to the commercial world seems pretty flawed.
Which is good. And this stumblebum episode can be exploited by us.
At the risk of sounding like the tmp'ararily insane one, "hee hee."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-04 18:07:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Wiretapping, NYT article 
I think the "traditional" use of wiretapping, prior to the 1968 law,
was _de facto_, not _de jure_. The cops just wiretapped whomever they
felt needed wiretapping. (For evidence of this, from the FBI to NSA,
see books on Hoover's era, and Bamford on the NSA. For local cops, I
have no immediate source, but note that "wire men" did not suddenly
spring into existence in 1968...wiretapping has been used for many
The increased focus on civil rights (some would disagree with this
characterizaton...) with the "Miranda rights" and "authorized wiretap"
trends of the 1960s forced these practices to be formalized.
I'm not arguing that wiretapping is "good," just noting that there is
a plausible meaning to "traditional" that extends back beyond the time
when wiretapping was "officially recognized" as a tool of law
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-05 00:24:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
The official product name is "LEAF Blower." Due to ITAR restrictions,
this is only available in kit form.
On another topic:
They're not the only ones who've archived the list...
Funny, my records show 71.91 hours so far.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-06 11:59:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Can Feds be Sued for Clipper Delays and Redesign Costs? 
I wonder if companies and individuals out there can seek damages for
the costs and delays of having to redesign systems? Assuming EES gets
redesigned, companies ranging from AT&T to MIPS to Tim's Clipjack
Consulting will presumably face product introduction delays, redesign
efforts, etc.
I know suing the government is generally hard, so this may be futile.
But the redesign costs and delays may certainly piss off a lot of
folks. AT&T has several camps opposed to EES (as we all know, from the
comments of Blaze, Stewart, Bellovin, and others) and some camps
supporting EES (AT&T Surety Systems, North Carolina, etc.), but this
latest black eye may certainly tilt things further against the EES.
And what happens if folks who've already _bought_ Clipper phones are
not able to use them to communicate? What happens to the chips already
It seems the Feds lose any way you cut it. If EES goes out as
presently designed, workarounds will proliferate (not that EES ever
looked like an especially economical scheme--costs were high). If EES
gets replaced by EES II, delays and costs will mount. And so will bad
I'm overjoyed.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-08 11:00:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 1 of 3 
I've stayed out of this thread on what's criminal and what's not,
mainly because I'm spending all my waking hours (and more) trying to
finish up the %&* FAQ, but I perk up when my name is mentioned:
rishab at dxm.ernet.in said:
But generally I don't favor such governmental police forces, and
especially not national police forces. (That is, cops should be
local to the community...and perhaps even privately
contracted-for...no time here (or direct relevance) to go into how
such privatization works.)
The Rwanda example is especially important. It is mainly two rival
"statist" camps that are killing civilians, butcheing members of the
rival camp, etc. And of course the farmers and peasants were long ago
disarmed by the Tutsi and Hutu "governments," in the interests of
ensuring safety and order (codewords), with predictable results.
Same thing happened in Somalia...jeep-loads of teenaged "soldiers"
terrorizing, raping, looting, and pillaging. A familiar pattern.
States and statists have killed several hundred million people this
century, in various purges, forced famines, holocausts, etc. (the
names of Stalin, Hitler, Mao, and Pol Pot come to mind). This makes
the "dangers" of cyberspatial pedophiles and tax cheats rather
invisible by comparison.
I don't often rant here about crypto anarchy, having written about it
extensively, but it's important for folks to understand that it is not
about tearing down all governments and adopting a "red of tooth and
claw" jungled survival situation. Rather, it involves personal forms
of withdrawing from the system of government, to various extents.
Initially in cyberspace--just like this list (this list spans many
nations, with no intervention by states, no legal system...sounds like
"anarchy" to me...). As tax collection wanes, as interactions in
cyberspace come to be even more important than they are today, crypto
anarchy becomes more important.
But of course nobody is forced into this...they can vote in their
local elections, appoint censors of what they see in non-crypto
channels, vote to tax transactions they can identify, and form armies
to invade North Korea for the "sin" of doing what our "friends" like
South Africa, Israel, and even Risha's own India have been doing for
20 years. (Sorry to digress on this last point, and I have no brief
for North Korea....I just hate Orwellian propaganda disguising
Enough on anarchy for now. Back to the FAQ.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-08 11:18:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
rishab at dxm.ernet.in said:
As an anarchist, anarchocapitalist, crypto anarchist, etc., I prefer
to think in different terms. I don't think in terms of "rights," but
in terms of avoidance. Some points on wiretapping and privacy:
* If I suspect someone is plotting against me--perhaps I suspect my
neighbor across the street is preparing to torch my house--I'd have
no problem placing microphones so as to hear him. Or bugging a
girlfriend I suspected of planning to kill me for my money.
(These are personal statements, to show that I'm not a moral
absolutist, a believer in abstractions over practicality.)
* If someone else tries to wiretap or bug me, I'll seek ways to bypass
this. To fight back.
* If a band of folks called "the government" seeks my vote to "allow"
wiretaps and bugs, I'll generally shrug and still try to avoid such
laws. (I'll admit to some ambivalence and confusion here....I can
support _some_ government wiretaps, as in kidnapping cases, bomb
plotters, etc., and not others. Mostly I view governments as having no
more moral authority than I have, or that others have.)
* If, however, governments seek my approval to pass laws making
curtains illegal (because it makes surveillance harder), or requires
"conversation escrow" (all conversations must be taped, with a copy of
the tape filed with the police), and so on, then I will strongly
oppose these laws.
I don't know if this clarifies things. My preference is to avoid
talking about the "right to wiretap" and instead to take steps to make
it harder for a band of thugs to do so.
Things will get very complicated in the next few years, as sensor
technology and other privacy-invading technology gets dramatically
more powerful. To name but one example, video technology and
storage/search technology makes it trivially possible to place
traffic-monitoring cameras ubiquitously...it makes the Chaumian issues
of digicash toll payments moot. (Source on this: my brother works for
City of Los Angeles traffic department....deploying high resolution
cameras at intersections is one of his projects.)
So, do we argue for "rights" of privacy? Or do we monkeywrench such
technologies? Or do we develop tools and systems to protect our own
privacy as best we can?
Tough choices.
Thanks to Rishab for raising these issues again.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-10 22:02:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: timed-release messages 
Thanks for remembering, Eli! Actually, I'm reading the list but not posting much (trying to finish
the Document Whose Name May Not be Spoken). As Steve Witham said
earlier tonight, not many old-timers are commenting on this thread.
I've found that posting comments about early work generates
ill-tempered "you old-timers have no respect for the enthusiasm of
newbies" posts. (Well, a slight exaggeration, perhaps.)
Yes, there were many posts a while back on "Timed-Release Crypto." I
can repost some of these articles, if there's interest.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-10 22:11:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
Eli Brandt mentioned that the thread on timed-release crypto came up last
year. Here is a post I did on the subject.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-06-10 22:25:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
The timed-release crypto message I just forwarded (in a kind of
timed-release fashion) generated some interesting comments from Karl
Barrus, Marc Ringuette, Robin Hanson, Eric Hughes, and even Larry
Detweiler--back when he was not so antipathetic (he's pathetic _and_
antipathetic, paradoxically) to our group.
For historical reasons, and because he makes some good points, here's his post:
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-06-10 22:26:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
Eric Hughes was one of several others who made good comments. Here, Eric
mentions the "beacon" idea he brought up recently.
(I have 20 or so posts in this thread, which I won't mail to the List as a
whole, but which I'll be happy to mail to a _few_ people who are _really_
interested in our thinking at this time. As you may know, I have archives
of about 50 MB of Cypherpunks traffic, sorted by threads (in Eudora) and
ready for mailing. No, I can't make it available for ftp, for various
reasons which should be obvious.)
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-06-10 22:48:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Persistent Institutions" (Re: Timed-Release Crypto) 
Here's the last of these articles I plan to forward. This one mentions the
"persistent institutions" idea (based on timed-release crypto mediated by
mutually suspicious agents) I have mentioned at times. (I need to do a
major piece on this, as my comments are mainly scattered in various
Dave Deltorto was asking about hardware failure of the host machines as a
practical concern and this is what I was initially responding to.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-06-13 14:34:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anon posts (was irritating posts...) 
Cf. Miron Cuperman's "pool" system. Subscribers get _all_ messages in
pools, decrypting only the ones they can. Others who also subscribe
can only tell that all messages went to all subscribers...ironically,
more "loggers" help increase the identity diffusity.
As above, it doesn't matter. End to end encryption makes such logging
fruitless (unless the number of pool subscribers is very small, for
obvious reasons).
A bad idea. Pools have major diffusivity advantages over any scheme
involving requested access. (Unless requestor takes _all_ messages, in
which case the ftp access is merely a wrinkle on how the pool is
subscribed to.)
Not an issue. Anon remailer chains make posting to a pool secure and
untraceable (usual caveats). Likewise, subscription to all messages
hides which are being decrypted.
To see this, think of the Cypherpunks list as one large (by today's
standards) message pool. (This is the proximate cause of this thread,
as someone is complaining about this group being used as a pool to
send anon messages to others.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-13 16:00:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How big is Cypherpunks? 
It was at about 700 subscribers for several months, then the first big
"outage" a month or so ago caused the number to drop way off. Last I
checked (send the message "who cypherpunks" to majordomo at toad.com),
there were about 400 subscribers. (It is likely that many of the
original "700 Club" were casual subscriber, dormant accounts,
gateways, whatever.)
And the list just suffered a second wipe-out of the subscriber list,
so I don't know right now how many are even seeing this.
Well, you missed the Detweiler War here in October-January! Be glad
you did.
Many of the leading lights of crypto are here on Cypherpunks. To name
a few: Ellison, Bellovin, Blaze, Stewart, Gilmore, Karn, Hughes,
Finney, Atkins, Toal, Metzger, Wayner, Johnson, and lots of others. A
perusal of the most insightful posts to sci.crypt usually shows that
most of the insightful folks are Cypherpunks.
(I shouldn't even try to list names, as I've probably forgotten a few
obvious names and have doubtless hurt someone's feelings. Me culpa if
I left your name off here.)
And sometimes others, such as Zimmermann, Plumb, etc. There are also
several digital pseudonyms, such as Pr0duct Cypher and Lady Ada, who
appear to be crypto experts of some talent....we might be surprised to
learn who they are.
Though flames do crop up here, there is more of a _commitment_ to get
on the list, and hence more of a reputation-based sense of community.
Part of what we think is important for the crypto anarchic world of
strong crypto, untraceable communications, etc.
Usenet suffers from casual posters making clueless comments and
shooting from the hip. A mailing list, despite certain logistical and
other problems, has some advantages....even if the screening of new
members is nonexistent. Glad you are enjoying the list.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-13 20:15:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How irritating are anon encrypted pgp messages 
The situation here is that _sender_ does not know the e-mail address
of the recipient!
Whether these messages are a good thing or not is a different issue,
but the fact is that what are seeing here is the use of the
Cypherpunks mailing list as a "message pool."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-16 10:59:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Digital Timestamping 
The canonical reference for digital timestamping is the work of Stu
Haber and Scott Stornetta, of Bellcore. Papers presented at various
Crypto conferences. Their work involves having the user compute a hash of the document he
wishes to be stamped and sending the hash to them, where they merge
this hash with other hashes (and all previous hashes, via a tree
system) and then they *publish* the resultant hash in a very public
and hard-to-alter forum, such as in an ad in the Sunday New York
In their parlance, such an ad is a "widely witnessed event," and
attempts to alter all or even many copies of the newspaper would be
very difficult. (In a sense, this WWE is similar to the "beacon" term
Eric Hughes used recently in connection with timed-release crypto.)
Haber and Stornetta plan some sort of commercial operation to do this,
and, last I heard, Stornetta was moving to the Bay Area (where else?)
to get it started.
This service has not yet been tested in court, so far as I know.
The MIT server is an experiment, and is probably useful for
experimenting. But it is undoubtedly even less legally significant, of
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-16 11:30:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I'm getting all the mail twice! 
And I'm answering in public for the same reason. (I'm also seeing a
delay in getting mail, at NaughtCom, so I apologize if others have
already answered this.)
Eric Hughes described this scenario a few days ago: you may be
subscribed twice to the Cypherpunks list if you manually subbed and
then were also subbed when the old sub list was restored, and you used
two different addresses.
Vinod should see if the duplicate messages are being sent to two
different addresses, etc. The unsub via majordomo from the one he
doesn't want to see.
If this is not the case, then my explanation here is not the right
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-16 18:00:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Andy Grove on Clipper 
Caveats: I knew Grove moderately well when I was at Intel. I didn't
see the CNN episode mentioned here. Yes, Grove is probably a conservative--he's at least a Republican
(supported Bush). However, such terms are misleading. Clipper comes
out of a "liberal" administration, not Reagan/Bush (though it no doubt
started there...).
Support or non-support for the crypto issue is complicated. Many of
those being asked what they think have not given the issue much deep
thought, and the phrasing of questions is key. What is more accurate to say is that the "power structure" in general
is, as it usually is, worried by loss of its power and its ability to
instill fear, uncertainty, and doubt. Whether it's claims of         terrorism, child pornographers, or tax evaders, the national security
state will push for any and all laws that preserve and enhance its
power.                                                              I expect nothing from politicians, nor from corporate executives asked
to comment on public policy. Would we expect them to endorse crypto
anarchy? Tools that undermine their own corporate cultures?  Doesn't
mean they're "right," to the extent "right" and "wrong" has anything
to do with things. (I've written extensively about this, and won't
As for Grove, he escaped from Hungary as a teenager, excelled in
school (incl. CUNY, Berkeley), became the leading MOS researcher
(making MOS stable was a very big deal in the mid-60s and enabled
Intel to begin its course to the top of the heap in ICs). He's
personally liberal in a lot of areas, fiscally conservative, and
things like crypto are complicated issues.
The debate is being presented--cf. the recent articles and comments
by Denning, Parker, Gore, etc.--as an issue of keeping "fortress-like"
crypto out of the hands of criminals and terrorists. This even while
Clipper advocates cheerfully admit it won't cause criminals and such
to use Clipper! Anyway, when the debate is couched this way, I'm not
at all surprised that folks like Grove would adopt the party line.
I never have thought we can win the hearts and minds of voteres. Too
many of them have shown a demonstrated willingness to use the State to
steal my property, to invade my home, to tell me I have to have some
permission slip to do something, etc. I don't have  time to elaborate
on this point here, but what strong crypto allows is and end-run
around democracy. And that's why many of us support strong crypto.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-17 12:35:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Debbie Does Fort Meade" is the key 
(Cypherpunks added to the dist. list, against my better judgment.)
Perry, please do *not* reveal more about this method. You are
"blowing" my new method. The soundtrack to "Debbie Does Fort Meade" is
apparently the "back door" to DES.
Riemann's Extenuating Continuation Hypothesis was actually proved with
"fractal analysis" and "genetic programming" techniques, both of which
are much more trendy than outdated charlatanism like "neural nets"
(Intel just cancelled its Ni10000 neural net chip, presumably to more
into fuzzy logic and quantum disambiguation...can aptical foddering be
the Next Big Thing?).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-17 12:55:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Bart Nagel in Mondo 
I've been writing about the LSB method of steganography in digital
images and sound files since 1988 (in sci.crypt, elsewhere), but I
find this "watermarking" idea extremely implausible:
- the LSB method works for digital images, but is easily defeated by
twiddling the low order bits (essentially overwriting the LSBs...if
the first set is visually undetectable, so will later overwrites).
- the most common method by far of "appropriating" images is via
scanners. These scanners will not generally pick up the LSBs, or even
the second-least significant bits. And if they do, some slight
blurring or filtering would remove them. And so on.
(This is what clued me in 3.7 seconds into reading Bart Nagel's piece
in "Mondo." His mention of "cypherpunks" was a nice touch, too.)
"Watermarking" of analog images is impractical, at least using any
variants of the LSB method I can think of. And digital images can
similarly be filtered/convolved so as smear or blur any such
signatures beyond recognition. In the final analysis, any file that
can be viewed by the eye, or heard, can be stolen.
(Higher-level issues of recognizing images may be different. For
example, the Pebble Beach Golf Course has _claimed_ that all
photographic images of the famous "lone cypress" belong to it...and it
tries to collect royalies from anyone who publishes a picture of it!)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-17 20:59:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Let us attack Clipper 
And what if they *do* prove Clipper is secure (or "great")? How would
that change the objection many of us have to the _concept_ of key
escrow? (By this I mean the likelihood of mandatory key escrow, and a
government-subsidized Clipper product family.)
In my view, any focus on the details of Clipper instead of the overall
concept of key escrow plays into their hands.
This is not to say that the work of Blaze and others is
misguided....in fact, it's very fine work. But a general focus on the
details of Skipjack does nothing to allay my concerns about
government-mandated crypto.
If it were "house key escrow" and there were missing details about the
number of teeth allowed on the keys, would be then all breathe a sigh
of relief if the details of the teeth were clarified? Of course not.
Me, I will never use a key escrow system, even if a blue ribbon panel
of hackers and Cypherpunks studies the design and declares it to be
cryptographically sound.
I say let's not lose sight of the really basic objections.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-17 21:10:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Perry vs. the Math Teacher 
I don't understand your use of the term "ellipse" here. You mean like
a circle? Like a big O? O, I see.
(Just kidding. Spelling flames are especially pointless on a list like this.)
None of us knows everything. The things I know little or nothing
about, I stay out of. I think this is reasonable. The list has 500 or
so people on it, and there's no point in 500 people watchin someone
presume to speak on computational complexity without even knowing the
basic terms, such as Big O notation (for which I would recommend _any_
computer science textbook, perhaps Aho, Hopcroft, and Ullman, or even
a more basic text...the new Leiserson, Rivest, etc. text covers a lot
of such things).
On things I know little or nothing about, I just don't post. You won't
see me rambling on about swIPe, encrypted IP tunnels, algebraic number
theory, etc. (Some of these things I know just enough about to know
they are important, but I leave the inner workings for others.)
The recent unpleasantness is just a continuing pattern of someone
getting a bug in his bonnet and not letting a topic drop.
Let's just let it drop.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-18 09:36:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Position Escrow System 
Forwarded without comment, for now:
AP, Washington. In an interview on Cable News Network's "Weekend
Events," Attorney General Janet Reno said the recent O.J. Simpson case
demonstrate the need for the Administration's "position escrow
system," PES. With position escrow, she said, each citizen would emit unique
identifying code in the radio spectrum, whose signals could be
triangulated and then stored in a data base of positions versus time.
"This will allow us to track criminals, suspects, fugitives,
terrorists, child support deadbeats, and father rapers," she said.
Under the Administration proposal, positions would be escrowed by
"reputable" escrow agents, such as the Department of Internal Security
and the local authorities. Release of the escrow information would
require a court order, or at least a pretty good reason. National
security concerns could of course override the escrow.
"Would you want terrorists able to move freely through your city?,"
Reno asked. She acknowledged that the United States is engaged in
high-level consultations with other nations, including North Korea,
Cuba, France, and Iran, to coordinate with their own citizen tracking
Asked if this plan is not too Orwellian for Americans, Reno replied:
"The average citizen-unit has nothing to fear from PES if he has
nothing to hide. If, however, he is stopping off at bars on his way
home from work, and his National HealthPlan contract forbids alcohol
consumption, then we'll nail him."
The Position Escrow System does not require legislative approval, as
it has been made part of existing Executive Branch actions. Initial
testing of PES is now underway in Waco, Texas.
***end AP story***

@_date: 1994-06-18 11:18:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Andy Grove on Clipper 
In between the helocopter coverage of OJ, which looked like outtakes
from "Speed" in slo-mo, I happened to catch a repeat showing of the
"Larry King Live" discussion with Al Gore, Andy Grove, the head of the
FCC, and a journalist.
The transcript was posted here, so I won't try to check on the
details. Just my impressions, having worked with Grove.
I say impressions because its important we understand how views come
to be held, how strongly they are held, whether they can be changed,
In the case of Grove's comment that Clipper is just an extension into
the digital real of existing wiretap "rights," I think I can see why
he has this view--I don't agree with it, of course, but his view is
probably the dominant view. Something we need to understand. To wit,
* If asked whether digital transmission should "exempt" someone from
wiretaps, most people would say "No, of course not." (There are subtle
issues here, of course. More on this later.)
* If asked a different question, about whether users should be
compelled to use a government encryption and key escrow system, the
answer for most Americans is different: "No, of course not."
(Actually, same answer, different question.)
If I were trying to convince Grove of the "Cypherpunks position," I
would of course make these arguments about mandatory escrow, about the
parallels to "diary escrow" (after all, cops can search papers with
search warrants, so doesn't this mean that the digital age needs
"diary and papers escrow"?) and other such travesties.
I think it might take an hour of discussion, but eventually a light
bulb would go off in his head and he'd see that the price paid with
these "escrow" systems--especially if _mandatory_, as most of think is
the real agenda--is simply too high for a nominally free society to
put up with.
(I had these hour-long debates with Grove, Moore, and Barrett when I
was at Intel, and sometimes I won. Often I lost. I won't be having any
opportunities to argue the Clipper issue with them, of course.)
I'm citing this because it helps to explain the dichotomous reaction
to Clipper. If the question about Clipper is phrased as an issue of
privacy, do Americans have the right to keep conversations private,
etc., then the answer is overwhelmingly (80%, as in Time-CNN poll)
pro-privacy. If, however, the question is phrased in terms of
"legitimate law enforcement needs" and whether suspected terrorists
and pedophiles have a sacred right to use "fortress-like crypto," then
I suspect the answer will shift in the other direction rather
With egg all over their face on Clipper, I see the Administration now
launching a new campaign, a campaign being led by Donn Parker, Dorothy
Denning, Andy Grove, and others. In this campaign, the second approach
mentioned above will be dominant: a focus on pedophiles who "encrypt
their list of victims," a focus on "terrorists who form virtual
networks around the world," and a focus on "money launderers who use
crypto anarchy to spread their poison."
Their is little chance that we Cypherpunks will get the opportunity to
make our case in the public...the hour it might take me to convince
Grove, as an example, is about 59 minutes more than the "sound bite"
any of us will be given.
Is it hopeless? For public relations, probably yes. Fortunately, the
power of strong crypto lies in its use. The leverage effect.
As Phil Karn put it: "Don't get mad, get even. Write code."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-18 11:33:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Having your own computer means never having.... 
And an even better solution is for folks to have their own private
machines and access to one of the cheap Internet service providers
springing up all around. Then they won't have to worry about their
corporations "snooping" in their e-mail files. Or restricting them
about using PGP or other crypto.
Corporations have a legitimate reason to tell employees what they can
and can't use. After all, corporations are held liable for most
employee actions (so those death threats to whitehouse.gov will
reflect back on the company) and have other concerns as well
(espionage, extortion, bribery, too much use of the Net, etc.).
Having your own computer means never having to say you're sorry.
(I fear laws telling corporations they *can't* snoop as much as I fear
Clipper. The reasons are obvious, to me at least, and I can expand on
this point if anyone's really interested.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-19 19:00:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Corporations and Encryption 
Several people having asked for an explanation and/or commented here
on their interpretations, I'll explain my position:
* Individuals, groups, corporations are free to set their won
policies, more or less, in a free society. (Not everyone agrees with
this, more's the shame.)
A company can set working hours, working conditions, software to be
used, and so on. It is not the business of government to interfere in
these decisions, nor do "civil rights" enter in...an employee told to
use Microsoft Word and not to use PGP cannot claim his "civil rights"
are being violated.
* I did not say companies _should_ snoop...I said there should not be
laws forbidding snooping--in line with the point above.
Imagine the implications of a law forbidding such "snooping": a
company would presumably be unable to ensure that its policies were
being followed, that it's employees were not violating various laws,
To be sure, companies may wish to avoid snooping, as the repercussions
on company morale are often severe. Not being a good idea, in general,
does not imply that there "ought to be a law" regulating such things.
(Ditto for searches on leaving premises, which one writer here likened
to snooping. Indeed, the two are the same. For 12 years at Intel, my
briefcase was searched--sometime thouroughly, usually cursorily--every
time I left a building with it. Not hard to see, given that a single
uP could be sold for $500 and a briefcase of them could be worth a
small fortune. Floppy disks and the like were generally ignored, as
determining the contents would be too difficult, etc. A lot more I
could say here, but I won't. Searches of briefcases was a "condition
of employment" and not a civil rights issue....except for female
employees, whose handbags were exempted by external law from any
search...assembly workers were often suspected of stealing packaged
devices, but Intel was forbidden to check their bags!)
* In summary, it's a real bad idea--ethically and practically--to deny
"corporations" behaviors we take for granted for ourselves. If I hire
someone to help me in my home, I can set the conditions of the job:
what hours, what rate of pay, what tools can and can't be used, and
what limits I may wish to place on his use of my modems to communicate
with outside services or agents. Corporations are not really
We may not like big corporations...most new companies are formed by
people fed up big companies...but this does not mean we should
interfere with how they run their businesses. Not working for them is
always an option. (I am sympathetic to many anarchist views, such as
those held by my friend Dave Mandl, but I am not at all convinced by
left-leaning arguments that "sometimes people have no choice " in the
jobs they take. Thus, I am a standard libertarian here.)
In considering whether crypto should be "allowed" or "not allowed" for
corporations, a better answer is: that's not for society and the law
to concern itself with. Companies that snoop too much will lose
employees, and companies that are told they cannot monitor what
employees are doing and what tools are being used will also lose out.
Finally, all the arguments about there being _other_ ways for
corporate secrets to leak out are accurate, but beside the point. Of
course there are, and I have done extensive writing on this (BlackNet,
information markets, Gibson-style "escrow" of key employees, etc.).
But that employees can use their home computers to sell corporate
secrets is somthing they will have to learn to deal with somehow (*),
not a reason to limit corporations' abilities to set policy in their
(*) One possibility, the Gibson scenario mentioned (cf. "Count Zero"),
is to require key employees in extremely sensitive positions to forego
access to outside contacts. It may not work very will, and it may be
distasteful to many or most people, but it's not a violation of "civil
Along with "democracy," the term "civil rights" is bandied about too
much and is used to justify entirely too much State intervention.
Mutually agreed-upon contracts always take precedence over democracy
and civil rights. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-19 19:30:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Andy Grove on Clipper 
I agree with what Mike Duvos says here:
(other points I also agree with elided)
That's right. And the essay I just posted on "Corporations and
Encryption" is apropos. If, for example, Cypherpunks go along with
(or, worse, _advocate_) laws regulating crypto use in corporations,
then this is part of turning up the temperature on the frog.
It's worth noting again for any newcomers in the last half year or so
that Whit Diffie said at a Cypherpunks meeting that he think _civil
forfeiture_ will be used to suppress noncomplying crypto: corporations
will be told that only certain types of crypto are allowable, and
noncomplying crypto will be grounds for forfeiture of corporate assets.
I agree...the focus on the "weaknesses" of EES, rather than the deeply
flawed ethical, Constitutional, and practical issues, is mistaken. But
if folks want to put effort into this, fine. I don't. They can.
I'm sure there are those scanning this list who view such metaphorical
comments more literally, as a death threat against Bill Clinton and
his minions. They have no appreciation of irony.
Pushing strong crypto to the "tipping point," the point of no return,
is within our grasp.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-19 19:53:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Having your own computer means never having.... 
Companies I am familiar with make some attempts to chech U.S. Mail,
although this is like pissing into the ocean. Packages, though, are
suspect and my old company (Intel, as you all know by now) had strict
rules about sending packages, and all were subject to inspection.
But I agree that it's ridiculously easy to get 4 gigabytes out of a
company. In my years at Intel, my pockets were never searched. A 4 GB
DAT tape....
Still, none of these examples are reasons to "outlaw" a company's ban
on PGP or any other software produce it doesn't want used. My recent
essay explains this position in more detail.
Here's an example that inspired my early thinking about crypto, crypto
anarchy, and "BlackNet," back in late 1987: Will companies "allow"
employees to log on to information market services to buy and sell
information? I was evaluating the business plan for the "American
Information Exchange," which later got funding from Autodesk (but
failed, and is now essentially dormant), and had to think about this.
My conclusion: allowing employees access to such a system would be
dangerous. Yes, they could log in at home, but that's no reason to
facilitate "digital moonlighting" on company time. Encryption allows
this to happen even if companies don't wish it to, hence a rationale
for limiting encryption use, or requiring a snoop mode to spot-check
what types of business are being conducted.
(We may not like it, but that's tough. Forbidding a company from
enforcing policies is truly disastrous.)
Yes, employees give up various "rights" when they enter into
contracts, or work for companies, etc. (They don't actually give up
the rights per se, the rights just don't apply. I have a "civil right"
to read "Moby Dick," in the sense that the U.S. government cannot ban
it, but this does not mean I have a "right" to read "Moby Dick" while
I'm supposed to be working at Apple!).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-19 20:53:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Corporations and Encryption 
The "canary trap" is also called "barium" (coined by the KGB). Tagging
is sometimes useful, but can be found by XORing two or more
Sure, courts have interfered with contracts. Some of these
interferences I even agree with, slightly (while I'm mostly an
anarchist, I support a few laws).
But my point was a judgement ("entirely too much" is a cue), not a
statement of realpolitik.
Crypto anarchy means a bypassing of such courts. Money held in escrow,
and reputatable (though anonymous) escrow agents will make such
contracts enforceable by other means.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-22 09:19:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Unofficial Release 
If this was tongue in cheek, I missed it. Nobody in their right mind
will try a brute force attack on a 1024-bit key, let alone a 1200- or
2000-bit key. Unless there are flaws in PGP and/or RSA we haven't
heard about.
As for lotto, simple calculations tell anyone that the best way to win
is not to play. The return _at best_ is 30 or 40 cents on the
dollar, with the rest going to all the various programs the lotto is
supposed to support. The more you play, the more you lose.
(I think gambling is a perfectly fine "tax on stupidity," collecting
money from the gullible. However, banning gambling by private citizens
while having the government run their own casinos and lotteries is
crummy. It's government at its worst.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-27 16:02:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA Agents Threaten to Kill Bidzos of RSA? 
Cypherpunk Criminals, I'm surprised that I got home today and didn't find any mention of
this distrurbing and important news article anyplace I looked. So I
wrote up this article and posted in several newsgroups.
It is not a spoof on my part, and I assume Bidzos was speaking the
truth as he knew it. Maybe the NSA agents were half-joking, but it
doesn't look like that.
I avoided speculating and commenting in the article I posted,
expecting to do so in the discussion that I hope will follow. I urge
you to make your most cogent responses in public, in the newsgroups
listed. (If posting under your name bothers you, use one of the
Remailer-to-Usenet gateways mentioned on this list so often...if you
have no info on this, send me a note and bounce you back some
instructions.) I think things are really heating up. In the aftermath of Waco, Randy
Weaver, drug raids, and the government losing the Clipper war, it
looks like they're playing hardball. --Tim May
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,alt.politics.org.nsa,comp.org.eff.talk
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL1]
Lines: 51
I know it sounds strange, but I have the article in front of me. I'll
excerpt it without further comment:
"The Keys to the Kingdom," David Bank, San Jose Mercury News, June 27,
1994, page D-1.
Blurb: "The government wants to be able to see private computer
communications. A Silicon Valley entrepreneur is leading the fight to
keep secret messags secret."
[stuff elided, to avoid copyright violations and because I don't feel
like typing in the whole article.]
"Take a meeting in April, for example, when three NSA agents dropped
in on Bidzos, president of RSA Data Security, Inc. For two hours,
Bidzos said, the agents were civil and pleasant as he drew diagrams,
told jokes and tried to convince them that the agency's attempts to
promote an alternative encryption scheme would fail.
"He must have said something wrong. One of the agents threatened to
run him over in the parking lot, Bidzos said.
"'He looked at me and very coldly said he would do me,' Bidzos said.
'He clearly threatened me.'
"To Bidzos the incident--which could not be confirmed
independently--was another indication that tensions are increasing as
his eight-year struggle with the government moves into its final
[discussion of privacy, NSA, Clipper, civil rights, etc., elided]
The article closes with this quote from Jim:
"'If we are ever in danger of undermining the NSA, they will either
buy us or shoot us.'
"'We'll know when we screw up. We'll either be rich--or dead.'"
Something to contemplate. I'll make comments in followups.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-27 16:14:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Sternlight 
No, Sternlight has in fact posted a number of incisive articles--which
I publically agreed with--in the cpsr and eff groups. His analysis of
the public funding of a "free lane on the information highway" was
accurate (he's opposed). And Sternlight and Carl Kadie have been
debating the competing approaches to 'wiring the home,' with
Sternlight arguing for a common carrier, "video dialtone" approach
instead of a TCI "500 channels of what we think you want" approach.
[Don't agree or disagree _here_, as I'm only giving a thumbnail sketch
of the debate.]
I find myself agreeing with some things Sternlight says, and I
certainly find polite debate with him more rewarding than exchanging
stupid insults. (Not saying Bill did here, of course, just saying many
people seem to think debating with Sternlight means calling him clever
names like "Sterndark," "Sterno," and "UnProfessor." Not quite.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-27 18:28:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Regional Lists 
I know of, and am supposedly subscribed to, several such sub-lists:
-meeting plans, or somesuch, devoted to planning regional meetings
-DC-Nets (Austin...and I may also be on the "Austin-Cyperpunks" list,
or at least I recall sending in my subscribe notice a year or so ago)
-Hardware Punks (for those interested in RNGs, phones, boxes, etc.)
-LA meetings (Jay Prime Positive)
-DC area meetings (I think this is one I got on, but maybe not)
-Lib Tech or Tech Lib (Nick Szabo)
(Sorry for not having the precise names...the lists are mostly so
dormant that their names are a blur. Everytime a new mailing sublist
was announced, I got on it.)
All of these specialized mailing lists have nil traffic, for whatever
reasons. Draw your own conclusions.
The "Cypherpunks Book" is another matter, one we've discussed. Having
a "workstation" available is absolutely the least important thing
Vincent Cate and others are already doing a fine job of making URLs
available, and the writing of book-length stuff is not something
easily done. I know, because I'm still trying to finish a book-length
document filled with fine-granularity stuff (a different task than
linking some number of essays and articles together with URLs for
Mosaic/Lynx browsers to access). (About 300K of text.)
I hope these blunt remarks do not cause more cries that I am being a
wet blanket.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-27 22:16:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Regional Lists 
I guess I didn't make myself clear: these lists are so low in
traffic--or no traffic--that I don't even know their precise name, let
alone their address. Sorry.
But the operators of these lists can, if they see these messages,
The "meetings plans" list was set up by Eric Hughes to cope with the
dialog involving upcoming meetings in non-Bay Area sites. A flurry of
messages in April and May, but nothing in June--and I heard nothing
about LA, DC, Boston, Colorado, Seattle, or London meeting in June.
The soda site may have info.
The hardware punks list was formed more than a year ago. I have no
idea who was involved.
Nick Szabo set up the "Lib Tech" or "Tech Lib" list. His address is
szabo at netcom.com. I've only seen a few messages on it.
Which brings me to why all these "secondary" list fail. Someone gets
enthused about random number generators and proposes a list (yes, this
has happened at least twice). Or a "Stealth PGP" list. Or whatever.
Sometimes the lists even are formed.
But without a critical mass of posts, interest wanes. The addresses
are forgotten (hell, look how many people can't remember the
majordomo at toad.com address!), the list dies. Plus, there's just not a
big call for a "hardware list," given that only a few folks are
working on hardware. (If you think that this is in fact a _reason_ for
them to form a sublist, you need to think about things some more.)
In any case, active sublists should be mentioned periodically here.
Else why bother?
I only know of a few active or semi-active lists:
* The Extropians list. Instructions have changed (I think) since I was
last on it, so I won't offer it here.
* The "Digital Anarchy" list. digianarch at aol.com, as of 1994-04-17.
May have changed recently. (I've been on it since the start, but find
it fairly tedious and lacking the piquancy that crypto gives our
list....their list has a bunch of folks debating anarchy and how "free
access to the Net" will be provided.)
* Surfpunk List. Strick's personal zine, usually resending stuff from
our list or related lists. surfpunk at versant.com.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-28 00:38:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Lotto odds 
Maybe, but the state has a wonderful scam of paying off a "5 million
dollar jackpot" over 20 years; the true value (what the same deal
would cost you to buy as an annuity) is less than $5 M, possibly much
less. If private outfits did this, they'd be jailed.
              ^^^^^^^
"Or even"? The numbers games almost always have much better odds than
the State pays...that's one reason for their popularity (another is
tax avoidance).
Oh, I see you mentioned this scam. (Calculation should still be
simple, as any spreadsheet can handle discounted present values and
the like.)
I've never played, and never plan to. Money down the drain.
On the other hand, I play the stock market, and my losses in one day
probably dwarf the lottery ticket losses of a small town. But I win
more than I lose, because the stock market is not a zero sum game.
Sorry for talking about non-crypto things here, but volume on the
Cypherpunks list has remained abnormally low since the rolling outages
of a couple of weeks ago...I suspect we lost some folks.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-29 11:17:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "What motivates Crypto-folk?" 
There's an interesting new thread with this name in
I've responded with an essay--you other folks might want to as well.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-06-29 11:58:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: More on NSA Threatening to Kill Bidzos 
Jim Bidzos has told me I can distribute this comment he made to me and
Peter Wayner:

@_date: 1994-03-01 10:49:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ditz in office 
I tend to agree with Mike here. Playing the "what if" game, had Bush
won, the Clipper thing would still be rolling along (remember that it was
started long ago, probably in the mid 80s). The arguments against it
would have a slightly different flavor, the Right would be more
mollified, and the Left would be screaming about a police state.
Perhaps more Congressional opposition to Clipper would've emerged if
Bush were Prez, but we don't know. I'm hopeful that the
Congresscritters will eventually realize that the foundations of a
police state are being laid with things like Digital Telephony
(proposed first under Bush, of course) and the 31 flavors of Clipper,
Capstone, and Tessera.
The real problem is not Republican vs. Democrat, but the concentration
of more and more economic and political power in the hands of the
State and the continual erosion of individual liberties. But you've
heard some of us talk about this before, so I'll stop.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-01 11:33:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Virtual Corporations to Avoid Taxes 
Here's an area that has long fascinated me: using corporate entities
as a way to bypass taxes on individuals.
Indeed, anytime a distinction is made between the rights of
individuals and corporate entities, all kinds of "gaming" can occur.
To pick a truly devious example, in the same vein that Mats just
mentioned, consider that corporations don't pay taxes or even report
income on site-to-site transfers of goods, knowledge, etc. That is,
huge amounts of stuff can flow back and forth within the company and
not be treated as "income," because the various parts of the company
are treated as part of the whole....only the "net income" ultimately
gets taxed.
(I'm not suggesting any changes in tax law--trying to tax internal
flows would be ludicrous and impractical, as well as being unethical.)
Where it gets interesting is if a group of consultants--the
Cypherpunks, for example--instantiate themselves as a "corporation"
and do mutual consulting and helping....avoiding taxes all the way.
(Recall that plumbers and carpenters, for example, who do reciprocal
labor are technically supposed to report all income received, to
estimate the value of the labor received, etc.). Cyberspatial networks will allow "virtual corporations" to be formed
that can shelter a lot of activity that would otherwise be heavily
taxed! Kind of like a commune (which I suspect end up reporting very
little "net" income and almost no income at all for the individual
Individuals would surely want a "real" income to be extractable from
the system, and this "net" income would be fully taxable. But the
mutual help aspects would not be taxable as is now the case.
The best examples of such virtual corporations are _professional
partnerships_, as in legal partnerships, medical partnerships, etc.
The participants can exchange expertise, help each other, etc., all
without reporting the transactions as income (or as expenses, to
deduct from their income in other transactions). (Scenario: Create
similar partnerships for blue-collar workers, so plumbers, carpenters,
roofers, etc. can avoid taxes when they "trade" work.)
(I won't get into the interesting issues of how contributors
eventually extract income from such deals. There's always the
potential for shirkers, layabouts, cheaters, and other phenomena
well-known to commune folks. But the potential is there.)
I have a sneaking suspicion that all of these ways that corporations
can be used to limit taxes are the reasons for so many special laws
and taxes on corporations. Imagine that the entity described by Mats
Bergstrom is formed, and everyone gets paid their $1 a year.....then
the various government agencies (in the U.S., in this example) descend
upon the corporation and ask about the health care plans, the OSHA
compliance, the minority quotas ("What, you mean 97% of your so-called
"hackers" are white males?"), and on and on. And under Bilary's Health
Nationalization Plan, if the corporation has more than X employees
(where X is currently 50, I believe), it'll be instructed to fork over
about $5000 per year per employee, no matter their wages ($1 a year),
plus administrative expenses. Oh, and don't forget the minimum wage
Despite these problems, I see great opportunities for cypberspatial
corporations being used to shield participants against various taxes
and regulations. Foreign-based corporations, for example.
Techno-communes, anyone?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-01 23:54:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Quantum mechanics banned 
Bill Stewart has failed to add that work on ESP is now classfied UMBRA
SECRET SCARLET. The Jason Society has declared Puthoff and Targ's work
on remote viewing to be of highest military significance and has moved
the research to the National Rensaissance Organization at Fort
Belvoir, Virginia. The work is run under codeword security, as part of
DOD 451 deep black ops.
Quantum cryptography has similarly been deemed of vital national
importance to a secret research facility at Area 51 at Groom
Lake. Encrypted blind pipes link the researchers to PROMIS databases at
MITRE and Fort Monmouth Signal Warfare Lab.
Quantum cryptography foils eavesdroppers, as you all know, so it
cannot be allowed in the hands of private citizens. As Professor
Denning puts it: "Would you want child pornographers to _also_ know
how to calculate wave functions?"
(However, not all is lost. Quantumpunks are reporting success in
penetrating national borders by something they call "crypto
tunnelling." Collapse of the Usenet wave function predicted. Sigh! or,
as we quantumpunks prefer to say, "Psi.")
I learned all this watching "The X-Files."
--Tim May, in an unbound state (not California)

@_date: 1994-03-02 10:38:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Laziness? 
(I've changed the subject line to something much shorter than the 2
lines+ of the previous subject line. And hopefully more germane to my
Indeed---NOT! I don't consider myself especially "lazy" when it comes
to this list, nor do I consider myself "software-challenged."
I connect to the Net from my home Mac IIci or PowerBook 170 over a
14.4 modem line to Netcom, an Internet service provider many of you
are familiar with. Once on Netcome, I have access to a wide range of
standard UNIX tools. However, I do NOT run PGP on these machines!
Rather, I run MacPGP (or PGP on my DOS machines, in emergencies, or
even "MailSafe" in rare circumstances) on my *home* machine, after first
downloading the mail with "Eudora 2.0," a nice off-line mail reader.
It still takes several steps, as most of you can imagine. I don't plan to start using PGP on insecure machines, even with a
shortened "UNIX-grade" key. Especially not for a mailing list, where
encryption is pointless (except to increase encrypted traffic a bit).
Downloading and then decrypting 100 or more messages a day is not a
viable option, and such a move would cause me to unsubscribe from the
list rather quickly. (To clarify this: I read the list with "elm,"
when I am on Netcom doing other things as well, like reading NetNews,
and am thus able to delete about half of all messages before
eventually--every few days, typically--dowloading the whole batch.
Encrypted traffic would make this screening and immediate response
much more difficult.)
If Nathan is running PGP on a multi-user system, such as campus
machines at Ohio State, he is likely deluding himself about actual
security. Others at the site may already have his private key and
passphrase captured. If he is running PGP on his own private machine,
with good Net connectivity, congratulations. Most of us--I think it's
safe to say--don't have these options. Many are reading from
university accounts, from commercial services like CompuServe, and
even from multiple services (depending on location). Not running PGP
on each and every message doesn't mean we're lazy--it means we've got
better things to do with our time.
As for Nathan Loofbourrow's charge that this must mean I am lazy
and/or software-challenged, I suggest he try writing more posts for
this list and/or writing code. Sorry to sound harsh, but calling us lazy and software-challenged is
not addressing the real issues.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-02 16:51:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: clipper==bad, but how do you explain this to average joe 6-pack? 
Well, there are many approaches to take. Most of us (sorry, Lefty, for
speaking as a tapeworm :-} ) are totally opposed to Clipper and key
escrow in all its forms, as I'm sure most readers of this list know.
(A few defenders of Clipper have appeared here recently....draw your
own conclusions about the overall sentiment of the list.)
I've found just the opposite. Most of my non-crypto friends and family
understand the issues once they are explained. We've made these points
so many times before on this list, so I'll be brief. Mike and others
will have to use their imagination to flesh these points out. (And the
several excellent articles on crypto in "Wired," "Whole Earth Review,"
"Communications of the ACM," "The Village Voice," etc., are a good
place to go for more details. Some of these article are available
Limiting crypto is analogous to:
- requiring all letters to be written on postcards instead of sealed
in envelopes (Phil Zimmermann came up with this one)
- insisting that all locks on doors have their keys "escrowed" with
the local cops, just in case the cops want to make a midnight
"inspection" of your house.
- outlawing window shades and other obstructions to those who are
videotaping you through your windows.
- requiring that all photo processing labs make a duplicate set of all
photos and "escrow" them with the local Legion of Decency or Child
Protective Services Agency, just in case child nudity or other
evidence of criminality is suspected
- "Diary escrow," in case one's diary is suspected of containing
subversive writings or admissions of criminal behavior
- bugging of church confessionals...for obvious reasons. I mean, if
people are "confessing" their sins, shouldn't the police know? Dorothy
Denning certainly thinks so.
....Use your imagination to construct similar analogies to educate
your friends and opponents. The issues don't require any expertise in
number theory or cryptology to comprehend.
Don't phrase things in terms of computers, modems, floppy disks, etc.
Use familiar examples, such as locks on doors and personal diaries.
Personally, I'm not fighting the battle of trying to convince my
neighbors and folks I meet at the gym that key escrow is bad.
We reach a lot more folks by talking to and educating journalists. I
of course spoke to several of them before the Clipper thing broke.
(But two of them got in contact with _me_ precisely because I'd
written about the evils of key escrow half a year before Clipper was
even announced....this meant their articles hit at the same time
Clipper was hitting.) I recently spent 2 hours on the phone answering
the many questions of a Southern California reporter who is writing a
long article on crypto and Clipper that he hopes to resell to many
other papers. I dwellt heavily on analogies like the ones I described
above....he seemed to think these analogies will be easily
understandable to his readers.
The more contact I have with journalists (Levy, Kelly, Dibbell,
Markoff, others), the more impressed I am. True, these are mostly
science or computer-literate folks, but their overall grasp of the
issues is impressive.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-03 00:32:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Standard for Stenography? 
Wasn't stenography standardized in the last century? Or am I thinking
of shorthand?
Though I avoid spelling flames, the repeated confusion of
steganography ("covered/hidden writing") with what court reporters and
secretaries do is really getting to me.
And the statistics of the low-order bits in various sorts of images
were discussed about six months ago here, by various folks.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-03 00:56:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: What's Wrong with the List 
I agree completely with Jef Poskanzer's observation:
(Ironically, experienced list members generally avoid "I agree"
comments, which means disagreements over the basics generally get more
"air time" than agreements. This is a related point to the one Jef is
making, and is the reason I'm speaking up here to agree with him.)
An important observation! I'm sure many of us who've been on the list
for a long time (since the start for many of us, without a break!) are
feeling frustrated at the same old tired topics being aired
and--worse--the same old errors being promulgated.
Supposedly new ciphers, rehashes of TEMPEST, continuous explanations
of "stenography" by people who don't know how to spell it, and so on.
Every one of these tired topics get rehashed every month or so by a
new "entering class." Since there's no moderation, the "senior class"
can't really stop the freshmen from going on about some pet theory.
(Not to trash pet theories, you understand. We all have them. I just
want to _again_ encourgage newcomers to do several things. First, read
the list for a while--perhaps a month--before making serious posts.
Second, read some of the crypto literature. Third, read sci.crypt and
talk.politics.crypto and bear in mind that this list is not meant to
be a substitute for either. Fourth, read what other people write and
carefully think about the implications. That ought to do for starters.)
When the list had 300 people, a year or so ago, this was beginning to
be a problem, but at least the topics were relatively fresh for many
folks. Now, a year later, there are more than 750 people on the
list. A continuous input of new subscribers. A constant stream of
rehashed ideas and perpetuated mistakes.
(Don't get me wrong, though! Some new ideas and new code from folks
like Product Cypher have been fantastic! But a lot of newcomers seem
unaware of the basics of crypto and want to "share" their thought
processes with all 750 subscribers. Some are even speaking favorably
of Clipper and key escrow....one wonders why they are on this list.)
Anyway, I don't want to sound like I'm dismissing newcomers to the
list. I'm just agreeing with Jef's observation and suggesting that too
many topics are being taken over by the "clue challenged."
Read the literature! Or at least parts of it. Read the stuff in the
Cypherpunks archive site (soda.berkeley.edu, in pub/cypherpunks),
including the "Glossary" that Eric Hughes and I put together for the
first Cypherpunks meeting in September, 1992.
Yes, a FAQ is sorely needed. I'm still working on a FAQ for this list,
but I fear it will largely go unread by many of the folks who need to
read it the most. Please prove me wrong.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-03 01:21:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: What's Wrong with the List--Part 2 
While I'm on a rant about what's wrong with the way the list is going,
let me mention another serious problem:
* People who want others to "do more."
It seems that every few months someone starts loudly whining that
others are not doing enough. This is very grating.
For example, Detweiler started down his path to neurosis by begging
and pleading for folks on the list to do more to help fulfill his
vision of a "whisteblowing" group (note that others had discussed this
idea, too, so Detweiler cannot claim all the credit). His pleas were
eventually answered by Miron Cuperman, who went ahead and newgrouped
"alt.whistleblowing" or similar. This is, by the way, now an
essentially zero traffic group.
More recently, "Xenon" got it into his head that the most important
project in the universe was "Stealth PGP." Again, a good idea (and one
that Phil Zimmermann, Kelly Goen, and others were calling by that
exact same name more than a year ago). But Xenon figured that if he
excoriated us enough for not immediately implementing his vision, we'd
eventually work on it. He flamed out after a brief stint on the list
and says he is now unsubscribed.
(Which is too bad, as he had some good ideas. His problem is that he
got _too excited_ about some particular ideas. Yes, getting "too
excited" can be a problem: when one exhorts others to do the work one
cannot or will not do oneself. In other words, badgering, lecturing,
and moralizing. Xenon apparently came to see the lack of a rush to his
flavor of steganography as some sort of failure of will by the
Cypherpunks, and unsubscribed.)
These are the dangers. Whenever I feel the urge to exhort others to
work harder and longer at some task, I think about this situation.
(I have no problem with political rants, exhorting folks to adopt my
point of view on something. But I avoid--I hope--asking others to do
work that I am unwilling or unable to do. It just isn't right. If one
wants others to do something concrete, a less "bossy" approach is
called for, and one should be prepared to give something in return.)
Closely related to this issue is the habit some have of talking about
what "we" have decided "our" goals are and how these goals of "ours"
should be fulfilled. (As a sidenote, L. Detweiler kept asking what the
"Cypherpunks goals" were and what the "leaders" expected to be done.
When many folks told him in no uncertain terms just what kind of
anarchy the List is, poor Detweiler just couldn't handle it. I think
"control freaks" like Detweiler want plans, want others in harness to
fulfill these plans, and want to boss others around.)
I'll stop with the rants for now. Take my comments any way you like,
but I hope they are taken in the spirit in which they are given--as
honest observations of some of the problmes affecting a list with
nearly 800 subscribers.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-03 02:08:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HUMOR: Sternlight on the CPSR Clipper Petition 
Cypherpunks, And now for some humor amidst my rants.
This is a post I did that makes light of David Sternlight's bizarre
assertion that the anti-Clipper petition of the CPSR contains few
valid signatures because he, David Sternlight, asked those who signed
the petition to send him e-mail....and he only got 35 responses! QED,
the CPSR either faked the signatures or others forged messages.
(Sternlight even cites "cypherpunks" as likely culprits, noting that
they are skilled at creating phantom identities....I guess Detweiler
was listened to by at least one kindred soul.)
The methodological flaws in Sternlight's line of reasoning are too
obvious to go into here, and Sternlight has sunk to a new low in terms
of respect. His claims that he was recently a senior government policy
advisor give me new insights into why the government is as screwed up
as it is.
Finally, I've avoided flaming Sterno in public, and I had some qualms
about kicking him while he's so much of a fool over this issue, but my
satirical urges got the best of me. Here it is:
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk,alt.privacy.clipper,alt.security.pgp,talk.politics.crypto,alt.security.ripem,alt.fan.david-sternlight
: The US government claims that over 100 million people voted in the
: 1992 Presidential election.  Fewer than 50 people, however, personally
: told me that they voted in that election.
: It won't play, fellas.  50 people out of 100 million?  Clearly, this
: supposed "election" didn't really happen.
This effect is far more widespread than you suspect. Several days ago
I posted a request in rec.skate for people to send me e-mail if in
fact they watched the Olympics--any or all of it.
While the pundits at CPSR (Central Polling for Sports Research) would
have us belief that _more than_ 100 million Americans (which is "many"
but not "most") watched some or all of the Olympics, I received a
paltry 3 responses, and one of these was a string of moronic insults,
so I really only count 2 valid response.
Could 100 million Americans have watched the Olympics if I only
received 2 valid responses to my poll? My many years advising the
government in senior policy postions, and my Ph.D in statistics tells
me "Not on your life."
Applying the Black-Scholes significance test (with a quartile scatter
factor normalized to the Kolmogorov constant), I have concluded that
the actual number of Olympics watchers was 135 plus or minus 7.32. I
thus conclude that CBS, the Olympic Committee, the Tonya Harding
Kneecapping Club, and the ever-treacherous CPSR are all lying to us!
I will, however, not discuss this matter any further!
(At least not until I do.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-03 12:29:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Having Meetings is the Most Important Issue 
(I'm copying the main list as well, as I make some points about the
general idea of having local gatherings. I suspect more detailed
comments on the mechanics of arranging the meetings, establishing the
links, etc., should best be kept on the
cypherpunks-meeting-planners at ah.com list.)
Thanks, Eric, for creating this sub-list. I don't plan to do most of
my writing here, though. (Praise the stars.)
I've been engaged in a dialog with Pat Farrell about planning the D.C.
meeting, getting a place, etc. It sounds like the EFF venue may be the
best solution.
Let me very briefly make again some of the points I made to Pat and Eric:
- having any meeting at all is much more important than whether it is
linked partly or fully to the Bay Area meeting. Even if only 5 people
show up, this is a start. (I agree that 5 people in attendance does
not justify elaborate preparations, special conference rooms, etc.
Hence, folks may want to rendezvous at a pizza place or similar. If
attendance grows, you can then think of larger, better-connected places.)
- most geographic areas are, for whatever reason, not having any
meetings at all. This is really too bad, as the physical Cypherpunks
meetings in Mountain View have really been important in "gluing
together" many activities, and the 5 hours of discussions and debate
amongst 20-40 people is very invigorating (few fall asleep,
unusually). (If the Bay Area can draw as many as 50 people to a meeting--as our
last two meetings have done--then I'm convinced the other major tech
areas could draw at least 10 folks each. Maybe not at first, but maybe
even than 10 as time goes on.)
- the phone or MBONE or whatever link between the groups need not last
for long...just long enough to establish a sense of connectivity and
community and to discuss certain items of mutual interest. The last
time we linked, last April, the main intersite link was for not much
more than an hour, as I recall. (It worked well, with Derek Atkins,
Mike Godwin, and others in Cambridge, and a bunch in the Northern
Virginia area.)
- even a brief call-in period would be nice. That is, we could
allocate some time, say, 2 p.m. PST, for brief call-ins from folks who
want to update the main group (Bay Area, by history and default) on
what they're doing and get verbal feedback. Ten minutes per call,
several calls perhaps. (Just an idea, perhaps for future
meetings....just don't give Detweiler our number!)
- regarding travel distances....I'm not too sympathetic. I drive 50
miles over dangerous mountain roads to get from Santa Cruz to the
meeting site, Eric Hughes drives 40 miles from Berkeley, John Gilmore
40 miles from San Francisco, and others are as far away as Santa Rosa,
about 60-70 miles north. And we do it each and every month!
- so, I'm enthusiastic that finally the remote sites will begin to
take off.  Colorado seems already to be rolling along, and D.C. (which
was planned by them to have a natural focus on lobbying and education
of Congresscritters) may be reawakening from its slumber.
- anybody heard anything from Austin lately?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-03 12:33:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Minutes for Meetings? 
Sometime minutes of meetings get posted, usually not. It's a lot of
work to do this, both in the writing and in taking good notes during a
I've written up minutes for two meetings, I recall, and Arthur
Chandler did for a recent meeting. Not much reaction to either, except
nit-picking of details by others, so there's not much incentive for
any of us to bother.
Being an anarchy, we have no officially assigned minutes takers.
Another issue raised by some (to me, at least) is that formal minutes
could be used against us by some agency or entity, or at least that
some folks would be sufficiently worried about being quoted that they
would feel less free to speak up on controversial issues.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-03 16:24:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Newbies on the List 
(quoting Jef P.)
I want to take this opportunity to say that I do _not_ disparage the
enthusiasm of newcomers like Sergey G. and Gary Jeffers. The
"problem," to the extent theere is one, is that newcomers frequently
have a bunch of things they really want to say (which is good), but
lack the context to see how their points fit in with what's possible
to do, what's already been done, and what is naive (which is bad). And
after a while, having said what they wanted to say their posts taper
(A few of us are still blabbing incessantly a year and a half after
joining the list. Hey, it beats working for a living.)
Gary sent me some e-mail inquiring about the archive of past
postings--regrettably, my current understanding is that the toad.com
archives are not (yet?)  available for browsing and retrieval of past
posts. Maybe someday.
Chronological age has little to do with being an "old-timer" or a
"newcomer." For example, Sameer Parekh is but a freshman at Berkeley,
but he is surely and old-timer. Stick around for several months on the
list, and you'll be an old-timer.
Here are some things newcomers can do:
1. Immediately run out and buy a copy of Bruce Schneier's "Applied
Cryptography." Do this before doing anything else. It covers so many
of the areas we deal with that to not have it handy is a waste of your
and our time. The book is pricey, at $45, but go out and mow some
lawns or donate some blood if you can't afford it. You can't afford to
be on this list without it (or some equivalent texts).
2. Read the various articles on crypto that are mentioned here fairly
often (and which will be in the FAQ).
3. Speaking of FAQs, some good ones already exist in sci.crypt. The
"Crypt Cabal" puts out a good one every month or so. Others exist.
Read them.
4. In general, read sci.crypt and talk.politics.crypto. And
comp.org.eff.talk. And maybe the Clipper and PGP groups.
5. Speaking of PGP, some good stuff in the documentation for PGP.
6. Finally, hold off on posting for at least a few weeks after joining
the list. Too many folks "shoot their wad" by hyperenthusiastically
expounding on a basically flawed idea too early in their history on
the list. The problem is that about 700-800 people are on this list--though I
find this hard to believe...and certainly many of them must be
deleting nearly everything unread. If each "Has anyone ever heard of
foo?" post was carefully replied to....
I think the response Gary got were actually quite polite, especially
the ones that stated the fact that his views were likely wrong and
should not, by silent assent, be taken as the consensus of the list.
No one called him names or told him to get off the list. Even my
comments on "stenography" were not all that harsh, in my opinion. (And we've since exchanged e-mail.)
I don't think any of us want to see newbies "nipped in the bud." But
we certainly all want to see newbies brought up to speed. A moderated
list is not being sought by anyone I know, at least not for the
Cyperpunks list (though Perry Metzger has proposed his own moderated
list on crypto issues).
Many newcomers to crypto have become serious contributors in short
order. Likewise, many old-timers (like David Sternlight) have never
reached the point of being a "contributor," so draw your own
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-03 16:32:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Having Meetings is the Most Important Issue 
(I sent this off several hours ago and it still hasn't appeared at my
site, so I'm sending it again.)

@_date: 1994-03-04 23:06:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: French Govt Confirms Plans To Issue Smart Card ID Cards 03/04/94 
Someone sent me this message and suggested I forward it to the List.
I'll just send it along via the normal channels.
By the wa, this is just one of several indications that non-U.S.
nations are just as far along as the U.S. is in moving toward a
Surveillance State. I mentioned this a few weeks back, and some List
members from Norway, Australia, and elsewhere contributed tidbits from
their own countries. Germany, France, and the United Kingdom are very
far along in such developments, and generally lack the same kind of
civil liberties consciousness that the U.S. has (this is not a
criticism of Europeans, but a statement of fact. Lacking robust
constitutions--not that the U.S. document is looking particularly
robust these days--the police have extensive powers of search and
seizure, and of detention, and of surveillance, that even the American
Security Apparatus can only envy.
The Germans are on the verge of rescinding some constitutional
provisions to allow for increased police surveilance. Ironically, the
Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND) seeks these powers ostensibly to combat
Neo-Nazism and nuclear terrorism, while Neo-Nazi murderers are slapped
on the wrist. Read "The Economist" for details of events in Europe, or
"Germany Alert," a newsletter out of New York written by German
ex-pats to educate the world about the dangers of fascism in Germany
and Europe today.
The links to Clipper and the "family keys" being prepared for the
French, Japanese, and other nations tell us that the key deals have
already been cut.
Here's the article, this one about France.
 Tim, you might wanna forward this to cypherpunks under the
information liberation front. I don't have a list of currently working
remailers so I really can't forward it anonymously now. Its scary.

@_date: 1994-03-05 10:58:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Stego in Jazz?...The Miles Files 
Straightahead jazz fans take note! More significant bits follow:
* Critics who claim jazz = noise now will understand that jazz evolved
in the 1940s as a stego method for communicating with agents in the
* Hitler was right in suspecting "that Negro music."
* Agent Parker developed method of putting signals in Bird calls, with
great sax appeal.
* Unveiling below of "crypto-jazz" movement. Cryptids are spreading
the PGP word. Jazz raves to be the Next Big Thing.
Newsgroups: rec.music.bluenote
Organization: PANIX Public Access Internet and Unix, NYC
Summary: a night of
Keywords: Sharp,Ribot,Berne
on Tuesday, March 15, the Cooler (416 W. 14, NYC) will present a
night of crypto-jazz with:

@_date: 1994-03-09 17:57:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Coming Police State 
An alarmist title? Perhaps. But likely accurate.
Since the theme of the upcoming Cypherpunks meeting on March 12th, with
sites around the world tied together, is "politics" and since Eric Hughes
has encouraged "rants," I'm making these comments now. The war is upon us. All _three_ of the major U.S. weekly news magazines
have articles on cops in cyberspace, the threat of Clipper, and the fast
computerization of the surveillance society. Books are being written on
crypto issues (beyond the excellent Schneier book, I mean), and the issues
have resonance amongst a skeptical public. Strange bedfellows, ranging from
Pat Robertson and Phyllis Schlafly to civil libertarians on the other side
have come out against Clipper. (I suspect had Bush won, Robertson and
Schlaffly would be much quieter about Clipper, just as many Democrats are
being somewhat circumspect in their criticisms of Clipper today. People
need to realize this issue cuts across all party lines. Ditto for non-U.S.
people as well, despite the U.S.-centric focus of these comments.)
The Cypherpunks fill an important niche that none of the other major groups
wants to--or are able to--fill. The EFF, CPSR, and ACLU have different
skills than we have, have more money (we have _none_, of course, as an
organization), and are mostly "centralized lobbying" groups (all are
headquartered in Washington, D.C.). Cypherpunks are scattered around the
world, with only this mailing list and the physical meetings creating any
real nexus. By default, of course, the Bay Area has tended to dominate, in
raw numbers, in physical meetings, and in the early history of the list,
but hopefully this will change as the Cypherpunks continue to grow and as
other sites become more active in their chose areas of expertise.
And the Cypherpunks mailing list has an interactive mailing list filled
with some of the world's best cryptographers and security experts (you know
who you are), and several hundred creative folks, many of whom actually
write code!
Plenty of problems face us, but we have plenty of talent, too. And of
course we have justice and the inevitability of technology on our side.
IS A POLICE STATE REALLY COMING?        "Not if we can help it," of course. But right now things look pretty grim.
George Orwell got it mostly right, even in choosing a corporatist model of
Britain as the setting instead of the more-expected Stalinist models of the
time. (I'm an anarcho-capitalist, personally, so I have nothing against
corporations _per se_. But I despise the situation of "state socialism,"
which is what fascism really is, in which corporations are given special
rights and responsibilities in exchange for being supported or selectively
rewarded by the State.)
In the U.S. at least (and more on Europe and Asia later), the cyberspatial
police state is no longer associated with just one political party. The
Clipper program and Digital Telephony were started under the Reagan
(probably_ and Bush (for sure) administrations, and now the Clinton and
Gore folks have shown themselves to be enthusiastic supporters of Big
The National Health Care program, perhaps temporarily stalled on a side
street by the current Whitewater/Hillary circus, may have implications for
this police state that are unclear....national ID cards, FinCEN-type
monitoring of alcohol and tobacco purchases, even biometric identity
systems. And the National Information Infrastructure, the NII, has the
potential for further concentrating and regulating the presently anarchic
networks. Driver's licenses for the information highway? Learner's permits?
Revoked licenses for "hurtful speech" and other thoughtcrimes?
WHAT ARE WE FACING?

@_date: 1994-03-10 01:40:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Coming Police State 
Thanks. As longtime readers of Cypherpunks will know, I used to write
more such articles. It's hard to keep saying the same things, though,
so many of the early members don't write as much as they used to. The
upcoming special meeting was enough of a motivation to inspire a
longer essay than usual these days.
Anyone contemplating a "Mom and Pop remailer" should also think about
implementing the basic features of an "ideal mix," the remailer mix
scheme described by David Chaum in his 1981 "Communications of the
ACM" paper. It's been discussed here many times, particularly by Hal
Finney and myself, and others, in exchanges about the properties
remailers (mixes) should have. I recently wrote a long article on
"Remailers: The Next Generation," which you may want to reread.
Of course, truly good remailers open up the operators for interesting
liability issues, lacking the ability to log users and isolate
problem users or recipients. Just so you're ready for this.
Not as secure as a real mix needs to be. If you can bill them, you can
trace them. Unless a form of digital postage is used, so that no
billing is needed (and hence no logging, tracing).
Well, there's the rub, isn't it?
The obvious question: why would Joe User want storage space on someone
else's system when he could encrypt on his own system? Unless you plan
to locate the storage space outside the U.S. legal jurisdiction, which
is where things get interesting of course. (I know some folks who've
been talking about doing this for years now.)
Which is the rationale for multi-jurisdictional sites, to preclude
legal actions from succeeding. Then it's between the user and the
authorities alone as to what he's doing making a connection and
sending encrypted stuff (or not encrypted, if code books and/or zero
knowledge approaches are used).
Yes, this is the whole idea, the whole motivation for the existing web
or Cyperpunks remailers. Strenght in numbers, really _big_ numbers.
I wish you well. Some fortunes will someday be made by people who
actually do provide such services. Many have talked about it, some are
playing around with remailers (no insult intended--play is good), but
no "commercial services" have yet appeared.
Data havens, a la Sterling, or even a la BlackNet, are indeed one such
market. Probably not the first, though.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-10 22:00:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Clipper: Denning v Barlow Debate on AOL 
K00L, RayDewd! Like, I'm glad dewdz like you can , like, _follow_ this
stuff. Maybe you can translate it into ordinary prose for old farts
like me, who favore multi-sentence paragraphs and even reasonably
thorough explications of ideas that don't fit into a single line of
No insult to Arsen Ray is meant, and there may even be some nuggets in
there I missed. But it sure does reinforce my hatred for "IRC" and
similar fora for the attention-challenged. From what I could see
scrolling by from Ms. Denning, she wasn't getting into the "dewd
repartee" either, showing that we have at least one thing in common.
Repartee has its place, and we all do it. But the format here is not
conducive to getting views exchanged and coherent thoughts developed.
What a waste. Me, I'm not as polite as Ms. Denning. About one minute into this I
woulda said "Fuck this shit, I'm outta here!"
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-10 22:11:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Surveillance cameras 
Most American airports, especially those with international
connections, routinely videotape all passengers. I can't cite a source
for this, but I think it's common knowledge (not that this means its
The recent film "The Pelican Brief" has this as a plot device, with a
terrorist captured on tape on his departure to Paris.
Paranoid note: Ear shapes are said to be a fairly unique
characteristic, hard to disguise, and easy for computers to process (
a line scan). This may mean the return of long hair. (No wonder
Singapore bans long hair on men.)
"Oh, I'm going to a "Star Trek" convention in London. I'm playing Spock."
Wouldn't one of our "Big Brother Inside" stickers work pretty well
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-10 22:36:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Coming Police State 
Very good comments. Especially your "slacker" comment. Many GenXers I
know seem to think all the "good stuff" happened in the 60s--nonsense.
Mostly that was a lot of civil rights stuff, a lot of it misguided
(don't get me started, and don't misinterpret this to mean I think
blacks shouldn't have the vote. What I mean is clear to any
The computer revolution, cyberspace, crackdowns on so many
things....these are the truly astounding developments, good and bad,
and the Zero Generation is in the thick of it! The bulk of this list
is probably centered at age 24 with a standard deviation of about 3
years...and a tail that reaches up into the 40s and 50s.
Will you also show them your Marion Federal Prison shirt?
As well it _should_ scare you! Ensuring that each Citizen Unit adheres
to the terms and conditions of his Preventive Medicine Contract will
dictate this. Ditto for tax compliance, for checking age credentials,
(It is precisely this Big Brother scenario that motivated Chaum and
others to work on protocols for showing credentials (age, in a bar,
for example) without showing identity. Think of the implications of a
national ID card couple with fast bar-code checking and network
connections....they'll know every bar you entered, how long you
stayed, how many drinks you had ("Your health premiums have been
increased...."), what bookstores you entered, what books you bought,
and on and on. The Surveillance State is almost upon us. And it's
happening under the guise of controlling health care costs, fighting
pornography and child molestation, making sure everyone's fair share
of taxes is paid, and other such seemingly innocuous things.
Everyone should read John Brunner's "The Shockwave Rider" if they
haven't already done so. I read it when it first came out in 1975 and
the tale of Nickie Halflinger scared me...it also came when I was just
getting started in the Homebrew Computer Club, so in many ways it
prepared me for my later role as a hunted CyberFelon. ("Shockwave" is
also credited by many to be one of the first mentions of "worms" in
computers....though Brunner may've been talking to folks at Xerox
PARC...wormly cross-fertilization.)
Overthrowing the government may not be such a hot idea...the
replacement could be much worse. But finding ways to preserve personal
liberty is a good goal. Finding ways to selectively bypass the State
is also a good goal.
Not a waste of bandwidth at all! Seeing folks get energized does more
to promote our cause than the 9th discussion of TEMPEST or the 13th
debate about whether DES has been compromised.
Besides, the theme for this week is "politics."
George Orwell's "1984" (and some other favorite books of many of us)
did more to help fight totalitarianism than most technical debates
Cypherpunks can ride the "shock wave" of one-way functions!
Hang Ten, Doodz! Ten to the 300th power, that is.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-10 23:57:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Improvement of remailer security 
Lance Cottrell, quoting Axel Boldt:
Indeed, but I think Axel Boldt deserves commendation for thinking
about remailer security and looking in detail (though not enough, as
two posters have noted) at the possible attacks that may be used for
traffic analysis.
Generally, it makes sense to ask if an attacker can make any
correlations between incoming and outgoing messages. In this case,
where PGP is using a random session key, it looks like no correlation
can be made (except for message length and timing correlatins, which
we've discussed before, vis-a-vis message padding and latency).
This list is sometimes harsh on points raised, but I think we're far
less flamish than the Usenet groups in general. So, don't give up!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-11 09:59:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Coming Police State 
1. Many articles and papers are available at the soda.berkeley.edu
site, in pub/cypherpunks. Look around there. The 1981 Chaum paper is
not (too many equations for easy scanning), but the 1988 paper on
Dining Cryptographers Nets is.
2. The "online gneration" tends to want all material online, I know,
but most of the good stuff is to be found in paper form, in journals
and books. This is likely to be the case for many years to come,
given the limitation of ASCII, the lack of widespread standards (yes,
I know about LaTex, etc.), and the academic prestige associated with
bound journals and books. Fortunately, you can _all_ find university
libraries within driving range. Take my advice: if you do not spend at
least an entire Saturday immmersing yourself in the crypto literature
in the math section of a large library, perusing the "Proceeedings of
the Crypto Conference" volumes, scanning the textbooks, then you have
a poor foundation for doing any crypto work.
(Epopt is in Delaware, he has said, and his email address confirms.
U. of Delaware will surely have CACM, and probably the main crypto
books. If not, Princeton is not too far away.)
3. Schneier's book is another essential place to look (though he
spends little space on DC Nets). Brassard's little book is also nice.
4. I will forward to Epopt (is this a name or an Illuminati title?) a
copy of my article on Second Gen. remailers.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-11 10:17:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Puzzle Palace 
James Bamford is serving a mandatory 25 years-to-life sentence in the
Eric Blair Correctional Facility in Oceania. He was caught on his way
to Stockholm attemting to illegally export three copies of "The Puzzle
Palace" and under the "Three Strikes and You're Out" law, will face
incarceration for the rest of his life.
The former director of the NSA, General William Odom, once met
Bamford, recoiled, and said "Sir, I consider you an unindicted felon."
Bamford is still an editor on a Long Island newspaper (perhasp
"Newsday"?) and, so far as I know, has no plans to write a new book.
He is also a commentator for either one of the U.S. television
networks (ABC, I think).
The _paperback_ edition of "The Puzzle Palace" came out in 1983 and
had a _few_ new items updated from the 1982 hardback, but not enough
to worry about. While I recommend that all readers of this list read
the Bamford book, the public-key crypto section is only several pages
long and may be disappointing to many of you. I would imagine that some large libraries in Sweden will have it, as
it as a standard reference work in political science and history. In
the U.S., it is _widely_ available....I see many copies in used book
stores. It is possible that I can buy some of these copies, and of
other books, and arrange to mail them to deprived folks, especially in
other countries. (No promises, and don't flood me with requests. More
details to follow, if there's interest.)
Steven Levy ("Hackers," "Artificial Life") is writing a book on crypto
issues and will be at the Saturday Cypherpunks meeting in Mountain
View. I recall that he has talked to Bamford in the past, and
certainly plans to interview him for the book.

@_date: 1994-03-11 10:46:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Brunner vs. Gerrold on "worms" and "viruses" 
Steve Bellovin cites David Gerrold as an early, perhaps the earliest,
for mention of worms or viruses in computers:
I have my circa 1972 copy of "Harlie" packed away, but my
recollection of this issue (sorry, no citations) is as follows"
* the _original_ version actually published in 1972 was an
abridgement, by Gerrold and his publisher, of his original manuscript.
I've read interviews with Gerrold in which he described how the
section on viruses was _deleted_. (This is my recollection, from stuff
I read around the time of the Morris worm, when Brunner was getting
the credit for inspiring Morris Jr. and others, and some were citing
"When Harlie was One." Like I said, my recollection may be faulty.)
* He also did an expanded version (the "Release 2.0" Steve cited),
updating the science and technology. This came out in 1988.
* but I also recall Gerrold saying that before Release 2.0 came out,
he and his publishers put back in some of the virus stuff into later
_printings_ of the 1972 version, seeing the interest in worms and
the like that Brunner's book had engendered. (This could help explain
Gerrold's mention of a "science fiction author," unless he was
self-referentially referring to himself.)
If the virus stuff is in the copies actually _printed_ before Brunner's
book, I agree that Gerrold deserves more credit than he usually gets.
If, however, the comments came from later printings and cannot be
found in pre-1976 printings, I think Gerrold cannot claim quite as
much credit.
I'll try to dig up my old 1972-3 copy, and will look in a used book store in
Santa Cruz today for one. (And Bamford, too, for shipment to others.)
Not that the fate of the world hinges on this....
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-11 11:09:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Agency Whose Name May Not Be Spoken 
They've been doing this for years. There's even a nice sign outside
the Fort Meade facility saying "National Security Agency." (It also
said "No photography allowed," but I snapped some anyway when I was
visiting the area in April, 1992. The NSA sign apparently went up only
months earlier.)
Such "outings" of spy agency names follow a similar progression:
ignorance, denial, revelation, overexposure, nonchalance.
I can recall when I was attending Langley High School, in Northern
Virginia of course, that the CIA headquarters next to Langley H.S.
only had a sign saying "Department of Transportation Testing Track,"
or somesuch. This was circa 1967. (Of course, keeping "secret" the
location of the CIA headquarters was a joke....we all knew it, and so
did the Russians, etc.)

@_date: 1994-03-11 18:34:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Other Spy Agencies 
I've read many books about the intellignence establishment, including
some that deal at length with foreign (non-U.S., that is) intelligence
agencies and their practices. Most folks on this list have never heard
of Chobetsu or the BND.
My point? These books are freely available and the authors know a
thousand times what we know about these things...and yet they aren't
facing espionage charges. So, discuss away!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-12 08:30:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Agency Whose Name May Not Be Spoken 
Oh, but these are the stuff of Hollywood movies, at least the DIA is.
The DCA is more obscure, I'll grant you.
I was thinking of even more secretive agencies, such as Ludlum's
fictitious (I used to think so, but...) "Consular Ops" and the
economic surveillace groups.
Gotta get ready for today's meeting.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-13 11:05:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypher????? 
"Cypherpunks" is to "Cyberpunks" as "Cipherpunks" is to "Ciberpunks."
And "cypher" is a perfectly fine alternate spelling of "cipher," used
almost exclusively in Britain, and other Empire colonies. Since much
of modern crypto (I mean, "cripto") derived from British work (Turing,
Colossus, Bletchley Park, Enigma), a kind of homage.
Consult any dictionary before saying you have "NEVER" seen it
"(mis)spelled" that way.
The first reason, the resonance with cyberpunks, was clearly the main
reason Jude Milhon ("St. Jude" of "Mondo 2000") quipped: "You guys are
just a bunch of cypherpunks." The name stuck.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-14 12:31:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Books, Loompanics, and other weird stuff 
Branch Cypherians,
At the Saturday Cypherpunks meeting (60 people there for all or part
of the 6-hour meeting, not counting the remote sites), I displayed a
dozen or so books. I've had a number of requests that I post the
names, authors, ISBN numbers, and Department of Justice Permission
These are by no means the most important books to have. We have
mentioned the crypto books _many_ times, and also such seminal books
as Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace," Kahn's "The Codebreakers," Brunner's
"Shockwave Rider," Card's "Ender's Game," and of course Vinge's "True
Names." I shall not dwell on these further.
(Except to say I did look for used copies of Bamford, for possible
mailing to some in foreign countries, but couldn't find any. And I
couldn't find any copies at all of "When Harlie Was One," so can't
check out the issue of who first talked about worms.)
Several points:
* I'll list some basic info about these books.
* However, these were just a bunch of books I picked to show the
range of information about there, the stuff your local library is
unlikely to carry. (Things like "How to Create a New Identity," "The
Secret Money Market," "Getting Started in the Underground Economy."
etc.). Understand that I make no claims that these are the best books
available, or that their contents are up to date, useful, etc.
* This is why I strongly recommend you get yourself a copy of the
wonderfully wacky 280-page catalog from Loompanics Unlimited, Port
Townsend, Washington. Details are below. Most of these odd and
controversial books I ordered several years ago (1988) from
Loompanics...no doubt more current odd books are now available.
* Alternative books stores often carry some of these books. For
example, the "Anubis Warpus" bookstore in Santa Cruz (across from the
Taco Bell on Pacific Avenue) has many of these books, in addition to
offering tattoo and peircings (ugh!, but to each their own)...I
haven't had my public key tattooed on my arm yet, but I'm considering
having "Poor Impulse Control" put on my forehead.
* These books are not "crypto" books....I showed them at the
"politics" meeting as a change of pace from the usual number theory
and crypto-oriented books we pass around.
So, here are brief descriptions of the books. Best that you get the
Loompanics catalog, which has nice summaries of each of the books and,
of course, convenient ordering information.
- "How to Launder Money," John Gregg, 1982, ISBN 0-317-03306-9. A
small pamphlet, undoubtedly dated material. Useful to provoke ideas,
but don't rely on this.
- "How to Open a Swiss Bank Account," James Kelder, 1976, ISBN
0-690-01033-8. Also dated....Swiss accounts are passe these days. (I
have several of these sorts of books, picked up in various
places....your library may have some).
- "Getting Started in the Underground Economy," Adam Cash (right),
1987, ISBN 0-915179-46-4. More ideas, but don't rely on it for legal
or current advice. Loompanics has a dozen or more titles with themes
about black markets, tax avoidance, etc.
- "Low Profile: How to Avoid the Privacy Invaders," William Petrocelli,
1981, ISBN 0-07-049658-7. Similarly, Loompanics sells numerous books
with this theme.
- "How to Create a New Identity," Anonymous, 1983, ISBN 0-8065-1034-X.
(Warning: This book comes with the "Law Enforcement Access Field," so
that anyone reading the book can be electronically reported to the
Witness Security Program, which holds the monopoly on creating fake
identities, credit histories, and other legends.) Need I say more?
Things are changing especially quickly here, so the material is just a
starter. Fake passports and driver's license are now buyable on the
streets of major cities (especially in the colored sections) for as
little as $25. - "The Enterprise of Law: Justice Without the State," Bruce Benson,
1990, ISBN 0-936488-30-1. This book I threw in to show folks that the
anarcho-capitalist system many of us favor does have some strong
underpinnings in legal theory. There are several dozen good books on
libertarian theory. Most are available by mail order from
Laissez-Faire Book in San Francisco. (Dial 800 Info, or SF Info.)
- I also showed a book on American Intelligence agencies (NSA, NRO,
DIA, State Dept., etc.) by Jeffrey Richelson, but Whit Diffie has
already borrowed it, so I can't provide the relevant info right now.
Richelson has written several books on foreign intelligence agencies
(BND, Mossad, MI5 and 6, etc.) and U.S. intelligence agencies, and is
a good "post-Bamford" source. Enjoy finding and reading these. But your first priority should be to
get the Loompanics catalog...other books may spark your interest more.
I think the catalog is still $5 (well worth it), unless you order
another book first, as described below.
Good luck!
--Tim May
Newsgroups: misc.books.technical,rec.arts.books,alt.books.reviews,soc.libraries.talk,comp.security.misc,alt.politics.libertarian,alt.zines,alt.wired
SECRETS OF A SUPER HACKER by The Knightmare, introduction by Gareth Branwyn,
205 pp., 8 1/2" x 11", ISBN 1-55950-106-5, March, 1994, Loompanics Unlimited,
Box 1197, Port Townsend WA, 98368.  Price: $19.95 plus $4.00 for shipping
(includes a copy of their must-have 280 page catalog of unusual books).
Credit card orders to 206-385-2230 (phone) or 206-385-7785 (fax).
   This is a very good practical book on breaking into computer systems.
It's readable, interesting, informative, balanced, and accurate, with a
nice spirit of fun and swashbuckling!
   Here's the contents:
Introduction: Hackers: Heroes or Villains?
I: The Basics
II: The History of Hacking
III: Researching the Hack
IV: Passwords and Access Control
V: Social Engineering
VI: Reverse Social Engineering
VII: Public Access Computers and Terminals
VIII: On-Site Hacking: The Tresspasser-Hacker
IX: Hacking at Hope: Dialing Up Computers With Your Modem
X: Electronic Bulletin Board Systems
XI: Borderline Hacking
XII: What To Do When Inside
XIII: This Lawful Land
XIV: Hacker Security: How To Keep From Getting Caught
XV: Conclusion
Further Reading
8 Appendices
   The Knightmare covers lots of clever technical tricks for gaining
access, but he shows most glee with scores of hilarious "Social
Engineering" scams for seducing legitimate users into revealing their
passwords.  The striking thing about these spoofs is, just reading them,
you realize through the laughter how often these simple Social Engineering
techniques will produce results and how the credulity of non-security-
minded naive users is the weak point of any security system.    Sometimes while reading, I wished the book provided more specific info
about phone numbers, brand names, specific techniques that work on
specific bulletin board systems, etc.  But I recognize that such
information would go quickly out-of-date, or would be fixed in response to
the book's publication, or could implicate the author.    The Knightmare is presenting concepts that won't go out-of-date soon,
giving the interested non-hacker a comprehensive and comprehensible survey
of the field, and tipping off the potential hacker with just enough
details to get him/her started and steered in the right direction and
minimize the chance of getting caught.    On this final point... a few times during the early chapters I thought
The Knightmare was being cavalier about personal safety, favorably
reporting (for example) Social Engineering advertizing scams that would
likely bring the cops to one's doorstep.    But The Knightmare was saving his warnings for 2 chapters towards the
end, 22 sobering pages that make very clear the risks involved and what
definitely NOT to do.  A very balanced presentation.    As usual with Loompanics books, this one can be read backwards, and
pages 167-168 are directed specifically to System Administrators
interested in beefing up security.    I also appreciated all the hacker philosophy and pragmatic do-no-damage
hacker ethics.  The Knightmare disdains and derides "crackers" who break
into a system in order to wreak havok; for him, "hackers" are peaceable,
non- destructive puzzle-solvers and liberators of information.  In a world
where the govco is ever working to extend and centralize its control over
financial data, encryption techniques, cyberspace, and every aspect of
people's lives, the hacker may emerge as a modern-day Robin Hood.

@_date: 1994-03-15 11:57:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Problems with the Remailer System 
I agree that more robust, more automated (less human intervention),
reputation-based remailers are needed. And the inevitable "abuse" of
remailers (such as with death threats,  mail bombs to newsgroups,
etc.) needs to be treated differently, in the long term, than by
compromising the security. (A Chaumian mix would have no manual system
for overriding security of course.)
Having said this, we're just beginning to learn about the practical
problems of remailers: the flakiness, the scheduling of multiple,
slightly incompatible remailers, and the reactions to abuse. This
learning process is what we expected, I think.
I agree with Graham that several things are needed:
- more consistency and reliability, to make use of chains of remailers
acceptably convenient
(In my opinion, digital postage, with a _profit motive_ attached to
the operation of remailers, will ultimately make for less flakiness,
greater reliability, and an incentive to deploy more remailers and
then keep them up and running in a consistent way.)
- encryption through each remailer, for several reasons
- off-shore sites, out of the main jurisdictions (U.S., mainly), so
that some of the remailer hops can be located outside the domain of
any one nation's law enforcement powers
- padding, latency, background traffic, etc., to make traffic analysis
much harder
I think some of these things are happening, what with new software
from Karl Barrus, Sameer Parekh, and others, but there's a long way to go.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-15 15:42:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Future Remailers 
Furthermore, the continuing expansion of "private" networks--LANs and
WANs, within companies, within households, within other entities that
no government can plausibly claim monitoring authority over--will make
Digital Telephony II and traffic analysis much harder to implement.
When Alice send her remailer traffic down the hallway over her own
Ethernet line to Bob, the confusion grows. Not necessariy any better
than would be had with more ideal mixes, but certainly this sort of
thing can only work to make traffic analysis more complicated.
(Yes, the authorities can monitor all messages. But imagine what
happens when a company with hundreds of PCs, workstations, multiple
mini-networks, etc., gets into the remailer business.)
The rapid growth of proprietary networks (such as the one linking me
to my next door neighbor) makes Digital Telephony almost
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-15 23:19:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: What's so bad about a Surveillance State? 
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,alt.privacy.clipper,alt.privacy,comp.org.eff.talk
Code: 42-750aF-966
: It is obvious to me that many people in the government wish to turn the US  : into a surveillance state.  What's so bad about that?  It seems to me that  : a lot of good could come from it.
Citizen-Unit Miller is to be commended for his recognition that the common
good is served when the state fulfills its surveillance obligations. However, we note that Citizen-Unit Miller is delinquent in completing
his Good Citizenship video coursework (entirely too much MTV was
watched last week, Citizen-Unit Miller...consider this the third of
your four allowable warnings). Citizen-Unit Miller has also wasted too
much time (14.982 hours last week) on the so-called Internet,
indicating he needs a Learning Reinforcement Regimen.
He has been ordered to report to the Austin Processing Center.
An orderly society demands that citizen-units be monitored for
behavior injurious to the harmony of the larger society. The Position
Escrow system was developed to allow precise tracking of movements
(although this information is available to the state only when the
state needs it, as per the Clipper key escrow precedent).
In closing, we wish to remind all citizen-units that surveillance is
needed to detect deviant behavior, to ensure full working efficiency,
and to remove from the body of society those with archaic visions of
individual freedom.
Surveillance is Security! --Citizen-Unit Timothy C. May
(One informal warning, Citizen-Unit Miller: Your caloric input from
cheeseburgers and other Unapproved Dietary Items is dangerously close
to the levels which will result in your placement in a dietary
reeducation camp, as per Executive Order 97-652A, signed by
President-Unit Clinton. We all saw what eating too many cheeseburgers
did to her husband-unit!)

@_date: 1994-03-16 10:29:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Who's watching you...  01 
With all the speculation about IR surveillance, I thought I'd forward
a fairly meaty article about actual products for video surveillance.
If this interests you, Part 2 is in alt.conspiracy.
By the way, alt.conspiracy is one of the most consistently
entertaining newsgroups out there. Bizarre stuff about UFOs and mind
control, to seemingly accurate stuff about U.S. development of
biolgoical weapons and plans for increased surveillance. Use a good
newsreader and just scan the titles for interesting threads.
Glenda Stocks forwards a lot of good articles (though I don't vouch
for their accuracy in all cases) about topics of interest to
Cypherpunks. Though the source is alt.conspiracy, they're often less
paranoid than some of the idle speculations many of us (including me!)
sometimes make. At least these are quasi-journalistic pieces.
Enjoy them.
--Tim May
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
Article Cross-posted from 0700 - EMAIL @ CHANNEL1 Posted by
GLR at RCI.RIPCO.COM, addressed to SEARCHNET ZEC, on 03/12/94
[Begin Message]
THE WORLD OF SURVEILLANCE
This Month's Special
The clock that can tell time and also tell on you!
Deep in the laboratory of Knox Security comes the great creation of the
remote controlled covert clock. It looks like a gigantic Hong Kong wrist
watch, but hidden below the LCD display is a camera with pan, tilt & zoom.
All operations are wireless.
The KS300 Remote Controlled Covert Clock (12"x12"x4") has the following
1) Very High Frequency video link for high security needs (1300Mhz FM, 10Ghz
optional). NTSC format is standard and PAL is available,
2) Accurate remote commands with digital proportional circuits. A 72Mhz FM
link is used for the command transmission,
3) Low power consumption (either 110/220VAC or optionally rechargeable led
acid or lithium pack),
4) specially treated mirror glass for very low light loss,
5) 6:1 or 10:1 zoom ratio,
6) rugged remote control briefcase (12"x32"x30") with 5" monitor and two joy
sticks for commanding: power on/off, transmitter on/off, camera on/off,
variable pan/tilt control, variable focus and zoom control.
The pan/tilt uses plastic Delron gears and solid state switching components
for whisper quiet movements - undetectable to the person(s) being spied on.
The pan range is 125 degrees and the tilt range is 50 degrees.
The clock face can be removed when it is necessary to hide the unit in a wall
cavity for long term (or 3rd party) surveillance applications. Without the
clock face the pan and tilt ranges are 355 and 80 degrees respectively. Other
``faces'' can be custom designed.
Knox Security Engineering has so far refused to answer Full Disclosure's
request for pricing information on the KS300. However, sources indicate that
the cost is $27,000.00.
Contact: Knox Security Engineering Corporation, 335 Greenwich Av, Greenwich,
CT 06830. Phone: (203) 622-7300, Fax: (203) 662-7418.
WHAT'S TEXAS UP TO?
The Texas Department of Public Safety, Intelligence Unit, Box 4087, Austin,
Texas 78773, Phone: (512) 465-2200 is increasing its ability to
electronically spy on those in Texas with the purchase of the following
equipment in August of 1990:
Unitized Intelligence Recording System:
Receiver, recorder, and transmitter will be housed in an inconspicuous, high
impact commercial grade attache-type case with an antenna installed in the
case lid. The cassette recorder will be removable for independent operations.
Panel mounted controls and indicator system operate on/off switch, charge
indicator lamp, power on indicator, recorder manual/automatic switch, battery
test indicator, battery status switch for internal batteries. One crystal
supplied with each receiver; additional crystals $75.00 each. Transmitter and
receiver shall have FCC type acceptance and certification.
Receiver (general description): Voice scrambler standard, VHF high band FM,
start-of-the-art GAAS FET RF environment. Dual front end receiver circuitry
to provide repeater capability, with separate outputs for earphone, VCR, and
line level audio. Receiver specifications: Frequency range: 150 to 174 mhz.
Channel capacity: Two (2) 1.7mhz wide frequency bands, may be separated up to
Transmitter: A narrow band FM 500mw disguise body transmitter with 9 volt DC
power supply utilizing two (2) 9 volt alkaline batteries, switch selectable,
clear or scrambled voice transmission standard. The antenna and electret
condensor microphone supplied with transmitter.
11 of these systems were ordered
Ball Cap Transmitters as per the following:
Each transmitter shall be concealable in a ``baseball-type'' cap, with a a
specially modified ball cap supplied, utilizing one P-80 6 volt battery in an
integral, slide in, battery contract. An internal electret microphone and
external plat pack antenna will be supplied. The transmitter shall have an
on/off switch. Frequency: 150-174 mhz, Channels: One (1). RF Power out:
120mw. Operating time: 3 hrs using factory fresh battery  degrees F.
Example: AID TX-731B-CAT  or Equal.
Continued in the next message...
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-03-16 10:29:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Get your files         01 
Xref: netcom.com alt.conspiracy:46884
Path: netcom.com!netcomsv!decwrl!elroy.jpl.nasa.gov!swrinde!cs.utexas.edu!convex!news.utdallas.edu!wupost!math.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!eff!news.kei.com!ub!galileo.cc.rochester.edu!ee.rochester.edu!rochgte!UUCP
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
X-FTN-To: All
Lines: 98
Article Cross-posted from 0700 - EMAIL @ CHANNEL1 Posted by
GLR at RCI.RIPCO.COM, addressed to SEARCHNET ZEC, on 03/12/94
[Begin Message]
Get Your Files
By Glen L. Roberts
This Bulletin outlines how to get copies of your most important files: Credit
Bureau, Medical Bureau, Federal (FBI, IRS, Secret Service, Etc), and State.
In most cases it is quite easy, simply write a letter to the correct business
or agency and the reply will be forthcoming. This can be made even easier by
use of a fill in the blank form.
The information required and addresses to write to for your different files
Credit Bureaus
There are three credit bureaus and they will all require the same
information. Provide your full name and address. You might find that by
supplying your Social Security Number (SSN), it will smooth the process of
getting copies of your credit report. Additionally, if someone else is using
your SSN it will be more likely to show up, if they look up your files by SSN
rather than name alone.
Send your credit bureau request letter to:
TRW, P.O. Box 749029, Dallas, Texas 75374
Trans Union, P.O. Box 7000, North Olmstead, Ohio 44070.
Equifax, Wildwood Plaza, 7200 Windy Hill Rd, Suite 500, Marietta, Georgia
Medical Bureaus
Like credit bureaus collecting and disseminating credit information about us,
the Medical Information Bureau does the same for our medical records. Their
database is used by insurance companies to prevent someone from withholding
information reported to one insurance company from another. The risk of
having incorrect information come back to bite is much more serious than a
mangled credit history.
You should request the nature of substance of your Medical Information Bureau
files, and in addition to the information needed to request your Credit
Bureau file, you'll need to include your place and date of birth.
Medical Information Bureau, P.O. Box 105, Essex Station, Boston,
Massachusetts 02112. Phone: (617) 426-3660
Federal Records
The Freedom of Information Act and Privacy Act give us the right to copies of
our federal files (with certain exceptions, of course). When considering
getting copies of these records, the exceptions are not of immediate concern.
The federal agency is required to provide copies of all non-exempt material
and provide an explanation and description of the exempt records.
These all apply to all Executive Branch agencies of the federal government:
FBI, IRS, BATF, SECRET SERVICE, etc. They do not apply to the courts or
Making a request is simple. You'll need to provide your full name (and any
aliases), current and former addresses, place and date of birth, SSN
(optional, but it will make them happy!), and you'll have to have your
signature notarized, along with a statement that you are requesting a copy of
all records that the agency maintains on you.
Under law, the federal agencies have ten working days to comply. Depending on
the agency, you may have to wait up to three years!
Most agencies operate on a centralized basis. Send your request to the office
in Washington DC and they will handle it for all offices around the country.
Others, such as the IRS and FBI are regional. Send one to Washington DC and
each service center or field office that covers the places you have lived or
conducted business. Use your local phone book to contact the agencies for
their addresses.
State Agencies
Many States have Freedom of Information Acts based on the federal law. Ask
the Research Desk at your public library or State Congressperson. Even if you
can't find a State Law, there's no reason not to request files and see what
kind of response you get. If you don't ask, you certainly won't receive!
Never represent yourself as another to get a copy of their files. Some files
are covered by privacy laws, some aren't. Feel free to ask for a copy of
someone else's files, but make it clear the files are NOT about you. Either
you'll get copies, or be told of a privacy law that prevents the release.
Continued in the next message...
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-03-17 10:03:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: What's so bad about a Surveillance State? 
Thanks, Unit Jim! This citizen-unit did indeed realize your
motivations, especially as you went on to explain them (in the section
I carefully elided!).
"What's wrong with a surveillance state?" is so easily answered with
satire, with an "if this goes on" analysis, that I couldn't resist.
All of the arguments are well-know to cypherpunks, of course, but Jim
posted his call for comments to various newsgroups, where the
arguments are either not as well known or are confused by comments
from didactic shills like David Sternlight and Steve Pope.
Good luck to Jim, I suppose. Me, I've been so opposed to the Big
Brother state since 1966 (when I first read "1984"), that I can't
conceive of sitting down to make arguments about the "benefits" of
such a surveillance state.
I'll stick to humor of color.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-17 10:18:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Ray Cromwell's New Remailer 
I'm surprised there hasn't been more mention of Ray Cromwell's new
remailer proposal....it seems to have some featrues to increase
robustness and security and to really be a step toward a
"second-generation remailer." Having used Ray's software for the
Extropians list (though I no longer get that list), I look forward to
trying out this new system.
The proof is in the pudding, I guess, so we'll all await the beta
release of this new software. However, a few comments on what has been
described so far might be helpful to Ray.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-17 12:10:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: la cypherpunks 
This is encouraging, that the LA area is talking about having a
I'm looking for a good excuse to visit the LA area (besides visiting
my brother, who got nuked out of his last place by the quake and now
lives near the beach in Hermosa Beach!). If this event is scheduled
enough in advance (2 weeks, say), I'd like to attend it. A couple of
LA-area folks (JPP, Matt Bartley, I think) have attended the Bay Area
meeting, so some cross-fertilization in the other direction might be
So, mid-May? --Tim May, who may attend in May.

@_date: 1994-03-18 11:48:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Shout it to the world: Clipper is Compromised! 
Since I've seen it cited by Dave Banisar, yourself, and others,
including direct excerpting from the source, to me it is "fair game"
for spreading far and wide!
I'll be interviewed on a radio show in the near future, and I fully
intend to let the listeners know about the intrinsic vulnerability of
centralized systems like the Clipper key escrow system to theft or
compromising of the keys. Whether details have already leaked or not
is beside the point: a centralized system takes away our own
responsibility for our privacy and places a master or skeleton key to
our lives in the hands of the state....a state which has shown itself
to be corrupt at various levels and in various unpredictable ways. Frankly, I don't consider Dorothy Denning to be an unbiased source in
this matter, so I will look with some skepticism at any "denunciation"
of this report. By her. And I hope here reasoning is more than "I have
been told." (Not to pick on Denning, but she has demonstrated a
credulous approach to accepting the word of law enforcement in the
past, and has repeatedly referred to law enforcement's greater need
for access to private matters and how things "they know" would scare
the rest of us if only we could be told about them.)
As for this stuff making anti-Clipper folks sound like "conspiracy
theorists," just what is Clipper and Digital Telephony but a
conspiracy to crush privacy as we know it today and usher in the
surveillance state?
Some conspiracies are more than theories.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-18 12:08:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: spyproofing your house/work building 
I don't want to stop the fun Jason Zions and Arsen Ray A. are having, but
their ideas won't work. Not that I think IR surveillance is the
highest priority to worry about, either.
But I used to be a physicist, and some of the reasoning here is
perpetuating fallacies:
Nope. Incandescent bulbs will have a broad spectrum of IR, from the
near IR to the far IR. An attacker with a IR illumination system (such
as in night-vison or FLIR systems, etc.) can illuminate in a chosen
spectral range with a power level much higher in his chosen band than
any reasonable bulb will put out. Moreover, he could of course
modulate (e.g.. chop) the illumination and lock-on only to the
modulated signal. In other words, the attacker has the choice of
wavelength and signal modulation to increase his S/N.
Still not likely, except for determined attackers and targets of high
economic or strategic value. I suspect the Waco compound was under IR
and microwave surveillance, for example. I suspect I am not, and in
any case, I don't worry about it.
(The real danger is not individual targetted surveillance, but
widespread and easy surveillance of communications and tracking of
locations, purchases, habits, etc.)
Still won't work well against determined attackers. The entropy of
English speech and the _localization_ of the speaker means several
- multiple windows (or other vibrating conductors, if microwaves are
used) will have a correlated signal corresponding to the speaker,
whereas the added noise will be uncorrelated (generally...one can
imagine clever hacks to try to spoof the listeners by injecting some
correlation into the noise, but this is also detectable....you see the
point, I hope)
- speech models allow phonemes, words, etc., to be plucked out of even
noisy environments (we do it all the time....so do folks listening for
the characteristic signatures of submarines, etc.)
Which is why we'll eventually all plan our conspiracies with
non-speech, non-in-person methods, such as with secure telecom....
Wait! Do you think that's what Clipper and Digital Telephony are all about?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-18 16:43:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CLIPPER COMPROMIZED!!!! :-) 
I think David Koontz has hit the nail on the head:
(quoting Bill Stewart)
As a senior person involved in counterintelligence for the CIA, Ames
almost certainly had access to the "sources and methods" used to try
to locate moles within the intelligence agencies, etc. Telephone
surveillance, for example. It would not surprise me one bit to eventually hear that Ames was in
contact with the working group putting together the Digital Telephony
program of a few years back, and the current proposal. That Clipper
was developed by the NSA does not mean that the CIA, DIA, FBI, FinCEN,
and other agencies were not involved in it.
If Dorothy Denning received briefings on Clipper (recall my "A Trial
Balloon to Ban Encryption?" thread started in October, 1992--6 months
before Clipper was announced), and if John Markoff and others knew of
it in advance, why would it be surprising that senior officials in the
CIA were also aware of the "needs" and the "plans" and were passing
them on to their handlers in Moscow?
Part of the sensitive information Ames likely had was the number of
wiretaps of suspected spies! (Remember his job.) Though this is not
cited as part of the "official wiretaps" (the Denning/Freeh
statistics), this is certainly valuable infromation for the Russians
or for any other entity conducting espionage. My hunch is that Aldrich
Ames had access to those numbers and now the worry is that they were
amongst the many things he passed on to the Russians.
Maybe he wasn't actually in on the planning of Digital Telephony and
Clipper, but he probably knew more about these programs and their
justifications (in the eyes of the intelligence community) than the
public knows.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-18 19:50:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Def Con 
Flesh outlines his martial^H^H^H^Hital plans:
I know "Def Con" has a martial flavor to it (but not as much so as
"Def Jam" does), but why would you want to send in "tanks"?
Tanks? Oh, you're talking about the _wedding_. Now I get it.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-18 23:31:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Administrivia: Questions about the List 
Sorry to bother the List, but two things have come up that I need some
feedback on. Two items:
1. Is the list sending out messages in a defective (slow) way, or is
my service (Netcom) bouncing a lot of mail, thus causing these delays
as toad attempts resends?
2. I'm getting a lot of error messages from Julf's site, saying my
messages cannot be delivered to "an2757938" and the like. This used to
be a problem, but was fixed by Eric Hughes a year or so ago. It
appears to be back again. Are others seeing this, too?
First, I seem to be having delays in Cypherpunks mail of about
1-2 days on about 5-10% of all messages. This shows up as me not
seeing messages others are already responding to (because 90-95% of
all messages are getting to me in the usual prompt way). I especially
notice this, of course, with my own messages. (I can't test whether
other mail is being delayed, because I'm no longer on Extropians and
so Cypherpunks accounts for 95% of all my mail.)
For example, the item on video surveillance cameras, forwarded from
alt.conspiracy, did not not reach me until a day after others had
already posted public responses. And just today I got a 5-day old
message (Steve Bellovin's "Re: Clipper Cracks Appear"). The message I
posted today about "Shout it to the world: Clipper is Compromised!"
has still not appeared at my site, although some others have already
responded to me about it (ironically, Steve Bellovin did).
My question is this: Is this just _me_ (and possibly Netcom), or are
others seeing these delays? My suspicion has been that Netcom is
bouncing mail, because of recent overloading and NFS problems, reports
from other about their mail being delayed (usually this implies a
bounce and resend), and from the lack of other messages here
complaining about delayed messages.
Could Hugh Daniel, if he is reading this, or Eric Hughes, or anyone
else who has access to the list at toad.com give me some hint as to
whether I should beat on Netcom some more? Could other Netcommers here, of which there may be as many as 50, tell
me what experiences they've had?
The second item is also an administrivia issue: I'm getting dozens of
error messages from daemon at penet.finland.etc. or somesuch (I can't
look right now at the precise address) telling me my mail cannot be
delivered, will not be delivered, is being returned, etc. It looks
like the old blocks Eric had installed to prevent Julf's system from
doing this are no longer working. (There may be more accurate
Anyone else seeing this? Anything we can do? Does the new automated
subscription software (majordomo?) have anything to do with this?
If people send me comments, I'll summarize--unless someone really
knows the Big Picture and wants to just summarize it all here.
Thanks, --Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-21 10:45:15
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: anti-security measures 
I would help you, Perry, but I'm trying to convince the world that
nukes are a bad idea and I'm preparing to blow up Atlanta to prove my
Oh, and there's no need for that Tibetan font to calculate the nine
billion names of God. My Perl program is just now outputting the last
name. Apparently it is "Zzzzzywsha
---LOGIN CONNECTION RESET BY DEITY---

@_date: 1994-03-22 11:08:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto for Lawyers and Linguists 
This letter that John Gilmore has forwarded to us provides a vignette
into why not just seditious plotters and other tentacles need crypto:
Wanna bet that such a group forced to use "Clipper," "Capstone,"
"Tessera," and other approved crypto tools would have their
communciations opened and read by various "interested" agencies?
* attorney-client privilege in an era of networked offices will be
broken unless strong crypto is available (ditto for
psychiatrist-patient contacts, sensitive medical records, etc.)
* groups that have contacts outside the U.S. (as in the case Brock
Meeks reports on) have always evoked the interest of the CIA and other
agencies...without strong crypto, their communcations will be even
more easily accessible if Digital Telephony II passes.
Most of you understand these points, but it bears repeating that
individuals and groups from many political points of view will be
affected by the "transparent society" of Clipper, Capstone, Tessera,
and Digital Telephony.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-22 15:11:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Stay focused on the big picture 
Is this a real letter? If so, where did it appear? (I don't doubt the
possibility of Almost-Supremee Judge Bork having written this, but the
absence of "when and where" undermines its credibility a bit, for me
at least.)
I agree with the sentiments, and, in fact, Cypherpunks at the Mountain
View meetings cover a range of political views and yet we mostly are
in full agreement that crypto should be unregulated.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-23 00:20:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I'm Glad Clinton Won in '92 
Indeed, I'm getting a little bit hopeful about things. To wit:
- the Republicans who embraced statism and Big Government when their
party held the top dog position are gradually returning to their
anti-government rhetoric.
(Caveats: Some of it is political opportunism. And not all of them
feel this way. And if the Repubs win in '96, as seems increasingly
likely, all bets could be off.)
I'm hopeful that the Dems can also regain their traditional concern
for civil liberties, for concerns that a fascist state will use its
surveillance powers to oppress the citizenry, and that things like
Digital Big Brother need to be opposed.
I'm glad Clinton won in '92....it shows the nation that Democrats can
run police state policies worthy of George Bush, it shook Republicans
out of the their comfortable governing stance, and it proves
ultimately that neither side is any less contemptuous of individual
liberties than the other.

@_date: 1994-03-24 16:24:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Netherlands and Other European Countries 
This has been apparent for a while now, with numerous reports that
several European countries are far along in adopting Clipper-type
systems. Possibly under cooperative arrangements with the USA.
As for the Netherlands being a hacker's paradise....recall that
telephone and other services are under the control of the "PTT"
(Postal, Telegraph, and Telephone monopoly) that's
so common in European countries. If they say "no modems may be
attached," that's the law. (I don't know the current status, but at
one time there were severe restrictions, heavy fees, etc.)
Ask the guys at Hactic, De Zwarte Star, and BILWET (Amsterdam Association for
the Dissemination of Illegal Science) about the surveillance done on
them by the BVD, the Binnenlandse Veilegheids Dienst, the Dutch
Internal Security Service. France essentially bans all crypto--enforcement may be another matter
(ask SDECE).  One of our Norwegian members recently reported on
proposed legislation in his country. Britain is taking steps. And what
is going on in Germany, with the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND), their
version of the CIA, asking for and receiving broad new surveillance
powes. (And Germany's version of the FBI, the Bundeskriminalamt (BKA),
is getting into the wiretap business in a big way.)
"Orderly societies" like those in Europe prize order and control over
the "cowboy" aspects of America.  Just because the American debate
over Clipper and Digital Telephony is so loud and angry here in the
U.S. is no reason to believe that the same measures are not already
being put into place in Europe and parts of Asia.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-24 23:25:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
I'm having a hard time understanding the approach to digital money
that Mike Duvos described here.
The whole issue with digital cash has been centered around exactly
this issue: detecting double-spending or, more properly, finding ways
to give the receiver of such digital cash high confidence that the
digital cash he receives will be honored/redeemed/converted to other
forms of money.
As David Chaum puts it, "there is no digital coin." That is, there is
no representation of "digital money" that behaves like an
unforgeable coin. So far as we know, of course.
If Frank the Forger, to pick a standard sort of crypto example, takes
a set of bits (possibly made with the elaborate system Mike Duvos
described in an earlier posting) and copies that set of bits n times
and then "spends" them n times, how can any of his recipients know
that parallel transactions are happening, that the "same" money is
being spent n times and that it is very likely that n - 1 of the
recipients will be screwed?
One approach is online clearing. Essentially, Roger the Recipient
insists on "clearing" the digital money at the point of transaction,
ensuring that some form of money he trusts (may be real money, the
word of his banker, coupons, whatever) has been transferred into his
account. At that point, the transaction is completed and Roger could
care less about what happens later. (This is still a useful protocol,
especially has communications bandwidths increase, as physical
anonymity--the main feature of cash--is still possible. And the
transfers are electronic, so stealable amounts of physical cash need
not be carried, locked up, etc.)
This approach resembles wire transfers of money, checks with immediate
clearing, and lots of other financial instruments of one flavor or
The other main approach is to build in to the blinding protocols which
protect anonymity ways to detect the identity of those who spend a
unit of digital money more than the specified number of times. "Double
spenders" is the common term. This can avoid online clearing, but at
the expense of additional protocol complexity and some peculiar
wrinkles which can develop.
Hal Finney has several times posted summaries of this approach and the
issues involved.
I must be missing something in Mike Duvos's explanation of how the
system he describes can be used as a "digital coin" (my terminology,
after Chaum). I can see the use for protecting algorithms--indeed,
executable code that cannot be disassembled practically is the main
way many programs are currently "protected" (that's what we mean when
we say "source" is or is not provided). I just can't see how some set
of bits representing a piece of money, however complex the bits may
be, are protected from being copied and "spent" multiple times.
Think of this form of digital money as the combination to a train
locker containing money, or as a treasure map: whoever uses the number
_first_ to get to the money, gets it. The others are out of luck.
They may try to go after the guy who double-crossed them, but remember
that he has anonymity (else, why bother?).
Reputations do matter, of course, even digital reputations
(_especially_ digital reputations, actually), and there are some
fascinating approaches to digital money that involve third-party
anonymous escrow services, reputation capital, etc.
Lots of work to be done, and the crypto folks are generally now
working on these issues of markets, reputations, and webs of trust.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-25 20:30:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
I have two devices that support PCMCIA-type slots: an Apple Newton and
an H-P 48sx (technically not a PCMCIA, but very close). In both cases
the slot is "spoken for" with memory cards.
I suspect this is the case with many of the laptops now beginning to
sport PCMCIA capability: the customers will not look kindly to having
to fill the slot of their whizbang laptop with a VISA or Digital
Express observer-chip card. Some may, and some will willingly swap
cards when the need arises (the newer PCMCIA cards allow
hot-socketing, i.e., removal while powered). Many won't.
The upshot: an observer-chip system predicated on having access to an
available PCMCIA slot will be a market failure, at least in the next
several years. (May be a moot point, as I see no move towards
observer-chip protocols happening anytime soon.)
Personally, I expect personal crypto dongles and/or similar gadgets to
be self-contained, in a wearable form. Maybe pendants, maybe rings
(real decoder rings!), maybe wristwatches. Communication will be by
inductive coupling or similarly robust links. (Inductive,
noncontacting transfer would allow implantation of the unit. IR
transfer through the skin is also possible.)
Little storage is needed for crypto keys, so the full capacity of a
PCMCIA card (tens of megabytes of flash memory, for example) is
overkill. An observer-chip system may need more storage, but not the
full capacity of a PCMCIA card of today. Hence, smaller size is
possible. Hence, wearable. Hence, always with the owner.
Just my view.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-25 21:10:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) THE INTERNET CODE RING - PGP info 
I found this in alt.wired tonight. I don't recall seeing this
particular interview published before, but I could be losing track of
what's out there---Zimmermann has been interviewed a lot.
We (Cypherpunks) are mentioned in the interview.
--Tim May
Newsgroups: alt.wired
Organization: CERFnet
Lines: 370
Keywords: PGP
This was sent to me.  I found it a great explanation for how
PGP works (non-tech), and the concept of a public key.
It is an interview with the author.
Hope y'all find in useful ^_^
THE INTERNET CODE RING!
An Interview with Phil Zimmerman, creator of PGP
We were sitting in a circle on the floor at the Computers, Freedom, and Privacy conference, March '93 in San Francisco, St. Jude and I with Tom Jennings, Fen La Balme, et al, discussing encryption and other neophiliac rants when a dapper fellow wandered by with a beard on his face and a tie hanging from his neck. He picked up Jude's copy of bOING-bOING number 10 and glanced through it, clearly interested. I later learned that this was Phil Zimmerman, creator of PGP ("Pretty Good Privacy"), so I tracked him down and we talked for the record.
Jon: I'm fairly nontechnical, and I'm also new to encryption. I spent some time recently on the cypherpunks' list, and I have a pretty good sense of what's going on, but maybe you can tell me in your own words how you came to write PGP, and what your philosophy is, especially with distribution.
Phil: Well, okay. PGP, which means "Pretty Good Privacy" is a public key encryption program, it uses a public key encryption algorithm, which means that you can encrypt messages and you can send them to people that you've never met, that you've never had a chance to exchange keys with over a secure channel. With regular encryption, the kind that everybody has heard about, you encrypt a message, it scrambles it up, renders it unintelligible, and then you send it to someone else, and they can descramble it, decrypting it. They have to use the same key to decrypt it as you used to encrypt it. Well, this is a problem, this is inconvenient, because how are you going to tell them what that key is, what're you going to do, tell them over the telephone? If someone can intercept the message, they can intercept the key. So this has been the central problem in cryptography for the past couple of millenia. There's been a lots of different ways of encrypting information, but they all have this need any cryptography at all? So, in the late 1970s, somebody came up with an idea for encrypting information with two keys. The two keys are mathematically related. You use one of the keys to encrypt the message, and use the other key to decrpyt the message. As a matter of fact, the keys have a kind of yin-yang relationship, so that either one of them can decrypt what the other one can encrypt. So everybody randomly generates a pair of these keys, the keys are mathematically related, and they can be split apart like cracking a coin in half, and the jagged edges stick together just right. They can publish one of the keys, and keep the other one secret. Now, unlike cracking the coin in half, you can't look at the jagged edge, and figure out what the other jagged edge is going to look like. In fact, you can't look at the published key and figure out what the secret key is without spending centuries of supercomputer time to do it. This means that any time anybody wants to send you a message, they can encrypt that message with your public key, and then you can decrypt the message with your secret key. If you want to send them a message, then you can encrypt the message with their public key, and then they can decrypt it with their secret key. Everybody who wants to participate in this system can generate a pair of these keys, publish one of them, and keep the other one secret. Everybody's published key can end up in a big public key directory, like a phone book, or an electronic bulletin board, or something like that. You can look up somebody's public key, encrypt a message to them, and send it to them. They're the only ones that can read it, because they're the only ones that have the corresponding secret key. J: Are there any such directories now?
P: Well, actually, there are starting to be directories like that. For PGP, there are some public key directories on Internet. You can just send an electronic inquiry saying "Give me the key for [somebody]," and it'll send you their key back, their public key. J: The convention I've seen has been the inclusion of the public key in an email message posted to a mailing list.
P: You can do that, you can include your own public key when you send a message to someone, so that when they send you a reply, they'll know what public key to use to send the reply. But the problem...there is an achilles heel with public key cryptography, and I'll get to that in a minute. But first, let me explain authentication. If I want to send you a message, and prove that it came from me, I can do that by encrypting it with my own secret key, and then I can send you the message, and you can decrypt it with my public key. Remember I said that the keys are in this yin-yang relationship, so that either one can decrypt what the other one encrypts. If I don't care about secrecy, if I only cared about authentication, if I only wanted to prove to you that the message came from me, I could encrypt the message with my own secret key and send it to you, and you could decrypt it with your public key. Well, anyone else could decrypt it to, because everyone has my public key. If I want to combine the features of secrecy and authentication, I can do both steps: I can encrypt the message first with my own secret key, thereby creating a signature, and then encrypt it again with your public key. I then send you the message. You reverse those steps: first you decrypt it with your own secret key, and then you decrypt that with my public key. That's a message that only you can read and only I could have sent. We have secrecy and authentication. So you get authentication by using your own secret key to decrypt a message, thereby signing the message. You can also convince third parties like a judge that the message came from me. That means that I could send you a financial instrument, a legal contract or some kind of binding agreement. The judge will believe that the message did come from me, because I am the only person with the secret key, that could have created that message.
achilles heel is that, suppose you want to send a message to someone, and you look up their public key, on a bulletin board, for example. You take their public key and you encrypt the message and then send it to them, and presumably only they can read it. Well, what if Ollie North broke into that BBS system? And he subsituted his own public key for the public key of your friend. And left your friend's name on it, so that it would look like it belonged to your friend. But it really wasn't your friend's public key, it was Ollie's public key that he had created just for this purpose. You send a message, you get the bulletin board to tell you your friend's public key, but it isn't your friend's public key, it's Ollie's public key. You encrypt a message with that. You send it, possibly through the same bulletin board, to your friend. Ollie intercepts it, and he can read it because he knows the secret key that goes with it. If you were particularly clever, which Ollie North isn't because we all know that he forgot to get those White House backup tapes deleted...but suppose he were clever, he would then re-encrypt the decrypted message, using the stolen key of your friend, and send it to your friend so that he wouldn't suspect that anything was amiss. This is the achilles' heel of public key cryptography, and all public key encryption packages that are worth anything invest a tremendous amount of effort in solving this one problem. Probably half the lines of code in the program are dedicated to solving this one problem. PGP solves this problem by allowing third parties, mutually trusted friends, to sign keys. That proves that they came from who they said they came from. Suppose you wanted to send me a message, and you didn't know my public key, but you know George's public key over here, because George have you his public key on a floppy disk. I publish my public key on a bulletin board, but before I do, I have George sign it, just like he signs any other message. I have him sign my public key, and I put that on a bulletin board. If you download my key, and it has George's signature on it, that constitutes a promise by George that that key really belongs to me. He says that my name and my key got together. He signs the whole shootin' match. If you get that, you can check his signature, because you have his public key to check. If you trust him not to lie, you can believe that really is my public key, and if Ollie North breaks into the bulletin board, he can't make it look like his key is my key, because he doesn't know how to forge a signature from George. This is how public key encryption solves the problem, and in particular, PGP solves it by allowing you to designate anyone as a trusted introducer. In this case, this third party is a trusted introducer, you trust him to introduce my key to you. promoted by the U.S. Government based on a standard called Privacy Enhanced Mail, or PEM. PEM's architecture has a central certification authority that signs everybody's public key. If everyone trusts the central authority to sign everyone's key, and not to lie, then everyone can trust that they key they have is a good key. The key actually belongs to the name that's attached to it. But a lot of people, especially people who are libertarian-minded, would not feel comfortable with an approach that requires them to trust a central authority. PGP allows grassroots distributed trust, where you get to choose who you trust. It more closely follows the social structures that people are used to. You tend to believe your friends. J: Did you make a conscious decision up front, before you started programming PGP, that you were going to create something that would be distributed in this grassroots way, free through the P: Well, there were some software parts of PGP that I developed some years ago, as far back as 1986, that I developed with the intention of developing commercial products with it someday. Over the years that followed, I developed a few more pieces that I hoped someday to turn into a commercial product. But, when it finally came down to it, I realized that it would be more politically effective to distribute PGP this way. Besides that, there is a patent on the RSA public key encryption algorithm that PGP is based on. I wrote all of the software from scratch. I didn't steal any software from the RSA patent holders. But patent law is different from copyright law. While I didn't steal any software from them, I did use the algorithm, the mathematical formulas that were published in academic journals, describing how to do public key cryptography. I turned those mathematical formulas into lines of computer code, and developed it J: Did you originally intend to license that?
P: When I first wrote the parts of it back in 1986, I did. But I began in earnest on PGP in December of 1990. At that time, I had decided that I was going to go ahead and publish it for free. I thought that it was politically a useful thing to do, considering the war on drugs and the government's attitude toward privacy. Shortly after I stared on the development, I learned of Senate Bill 266, which was the Omnibus Anticrime Bill. It had a provision tucked away in it, a sense of Congress provision, that would, if it had become real hard law, have required manufacturers of secure communications gear, and presumably cryptographic software, to put back doors in their products to allow the government to obtain the plain text contents of the traffic. I felt that it would be a good idea to try to get PGP out before this became law. As it turned out, it never did pass. It was defeated after a lot of protest from civil liberties groups and industry J: But if they could get away with passing it, they would still take the initiative and try.
P: Well, yeah, actually...it started out as a sense of Congress bill, which means that it wasn't binding law. But those things are usually set to deploy the political groundwork to make it possible later to make it into hard law. Within a week or so after publishing PGP, Senate Bill 266 went down in defeat, at least that provision was taken out, and that was entirely due to the efforts of others, I had nothing to do with that. PGP didn't have any impact, it turned out, at all. So that's why I published PGP.
J: Several of my friends are involved in cypherpunks, and I've been on their mailing list...are you affiliated in any way with cypherpunks? Are you getting their mailing list?
P: I was on their mailing list for a couple of days, but I found that the density of traffic was high enough that I couldn't get any work done, so I had them take me off the list.
J: The reason I bring cypherpunks up is that they seem to have almost a religious fervor about encryption . I was wondering if you share that.
P: I don't think of my own interest in cryptography as a religious fervor. I did miss some mortgage payments while I was working on PGP. In fact, I missed five mortgage payments during the development of PGP, so I came pretty close to losing my house. So I must have enough fervor to stay with the project long enough to miss five mortgage payments . But I don't think it's a religious fervor.
J: I'm impressed with the way encryption in general and PGP in particular have caught on with the press, how it's become within the last year.
P: Well, PGP 1.0 was released in June of '91. It only ran on MS DOS, and it didn't have a lot of the features necessary to do really good key certification, which is that achilles' heel that I told you about. Theoretically, you could use it in a manual mode to do that, but it wasn't automatic like it is in PGP 2.0 and above. The current release of PGP is 2.2. It's a lot smoother and more polished that 2.0 was. 2.0 was tremendously different than 1.0, and the reason the popularity has taken off so much since September, when it was released, is because it ran on a lot of UNIX platforms, beginning with 2.0. Since the main vehicle for Internet nodes is UNIX platforms, that made it more popular in the UNIX/Internet world. Since Internet seems to be the fertile soil of discourse on cryptography, the fact that PGP 2.0 began running on UNIX platforms has a lot to do with it's popularity since that version was released...Tthat was in September of '92.
J: The easiest way to get PGP is through FTP from various sites?
P: Yeah. Most of them European sites. PGP 2.0 and above was released in Europe. The people that were working on it were out of reach of U.S. patent law...and not only are they out of reach of patent law, but it also defuses the export control issues, because we're importing it into the U.S., instead of exporting it. Also PGP 1.0 was exported, presumably by somebody, any one of thousands of people could have done it...but it was published in the public domain. It's hard to see how something like that could be published, and thousands of people could have it, and it could not leak overseas. It's like saying that the New York Times shouldn't be exported, how can you prevent that when a million people have a copy? It's blowing in the wind, you can't embargo the wind.
J: And by beginning in Europe, you sort of fanned the flame that much better.
P: Yeah.
J: It seems to have spread globally, and I'm sure that you're hearing a lot about it, getting a lot of response.
P: Particularly at this conference (CFP93), yes.
J: Do you plan to do more development of PGP, or are you satisfied with where it is....
P: PGP will be developed further. My personal involvement is more in providing design direction and making sure that the architecture stays sound. The actual coding is taking place overseas, or at least most of it is. We do get patches sent in by people in the U.S. who find bugs, and who say, "I found this bug, here's a patch to fix it." But the bulk of the work is taking place outside the U.S. borders. J: Is there a Mac version as well as a DOS version now?
P: Yeah, there is a Mac version...there was a Mac version released shortly after PGP 2.0 came out. Somebody did that independently, and I only found out about it after it was released. People have written me about it, and it did seem to have some problems. The same guy who did that version is doing a much improved version, Mac PGP version 2.2, which I believe should be out in a few days...that was the last I heard before I came to the conference. The second Mac development group, that's working on a very "Mac"-ish GUI, is being managed by a guy named Blair Weiss. That takes longer, it's difficult to write a good Mac application, so it's probably going to be a couple of months before that hits the streets. J: Were you involved in the UNIX version, too?
P: I did the first MS-DOS version entirely by myself, but it's not that big a distance between MS-DOS and UNIX, so most of it was the same. The UNIX board took place soon after PGP 1.0 was released. After that, many other enhancements were added, and major architectural changes took place to the code, and that's what finally made its way out as version 2.0.
J: You're doing consulting now?
P: That's how I make my living, by consulting. I don't make anything from PGP.
J: Do you think you'll just let PGP take a life of its own, let other people work on it from here out?
P: Other people are contributing their code, and other people are adding enhancements, with my design direction. Perhaps someday I'll find a way to make money from PGP, but if I do, it will be done in such a way that there will always be a free version of PGP available. J: I was thinking of the UNIX thing, where everybody's modified their versions of the UNIX Operating System so that some [customized versions] weren't even interoperable. I was wondering if there was a chance that PGP would mutate, whether you're going to keep some sort of control over it, or whether people will start doing their onw versions of it....
P: Well, I don't know, that could happen. There are so many people interested in the product now, it's hard to keep track of everybody's changes. When they send in suggested changes, we have to look at it carefully to see that the changes are good changes.
J: But you don't have some sort of structure in place where you do some kind of approval if somebody wants to make some kind of mutant version of PGP....
P: There is a kind of de facto influence that I have over the product, because it's still my product, in a kind of psychological sense. In the user population, they associate my name with the product in such a way that, if I say that this product is good, that I have looked at this and that I believe the changes made sense the last version are good changes, that people will believe that. So I can determine the direction, not by some iron law, not by having people work for me that I can hire and fire, but more by my opinion guiding the product. It would not be easy for a person to make a different version of PGP that went in a different direction than how I wanted it to go, because everybody still uses the version that I approved, so to be compatible...this has a kind of intertia to it, a de facto standard. PGP currently, I believe, is the world's most popular public key encryption program, so that has potential to become a de facto standard. I don't know what that means in comparison to the PEM standard. PEM is for a different environment than PGP, perhaps, although the PGP method of certifying keys can be collapsed into a special case that mimics in many respects the PEM model for certifying keys.
   --- [ End Of Line ] ---

@_date: 1994-03-26 10:50:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Learning about Digital Cash 
We've recently had a flurry of postings about digital money, and the
apparently new realization by some that "double spending" is a serious
issue. Folks, this is not a new issue---this is the core issue of all
serious efforts on digital money (and, indeed, is the core issue of
money, period).
I urge everone interested in digital money to dig up and read the
various articles that have appeared, including one of David Chaum's in
the July or August of 1992 "Scientific American." The usual places
apply, as always"
- the usual books: Schneier, Brassard, Denning, etc.
- Proceedings of the Crypto Conferences, aka "Advances in Cryptology,"
part of the Springer-Verlag series "Lecture Notes in Computer
Science." (A series of silver-grey paperbacks, available in many
technical bookstores, and in many university bookstores and
- ditto for Eurocrypt and other crypto conferences.
I urge this because there is little to be gained by slowly reinventing
the wheel. The recent realization here by some that "double spending"
is a Big Issue is indicative of this. Double spending, and related
issues, is obviously just the _start_ of the really interesting problems
with any digital money scheme. This is the _starting point_ of most
discussions, not a belated realization.
As I often say, I don't want to sound snippy or holier-than-thou here.
It's just that there's a basic corpus of papers on the
highly-technical areas of crypto that everyone working in these areas
has to be assumed to be familiar with.
Rocket scientists have to know that rockets don't work by pushing on
air, and cryptologists have to know what's already been written about.
With more than 700 people on the Cypherpunks list---though a far
smaller group appears to be actively posting--it is natural that a
range of backgrounds, interest levels, and dedication to the issues
will exist. I'm not saying that only "experts" in digital money should
speak on these issues, only that the basic papers ought to at least be
Best wishes for all,
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-26 11:13:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
.....stuff elided...
"Computing with Encrypted Instances," by Joan Feigenbaum, then of
Stanford, now of AT&T (I believe). Work done in the mid-80s on using
cryptography to allow this kind of protection.
Canonical example: Acme Sales Company want to optimize the route its
salesmen take between sales sites. It wants Otto's Optimizing to do
this, but it doesn't want to provide Otto with its list of sales
So it first does a transformation of the list of sales sites into a
form that does not reveal the actual sales sites (the similarity with
knapsack encryption is apparent), submits this to Otto, who optimizes
the routing, and then returns the results to Acme. Acme then reverses
the transformation and has an optimized sales list.
The similarities with zero knowledge work are apparent (in zero
knowledge interactive proof systems, one proves one knows something
without actually shwoing what one knows).
This may not be exactly what Hal was thinking of, but it's a starting
point. Brad Cox, of Objective-C notoriety, and now at George Mason
University, has also been interested in this area of "complexifying"
code so that reverse engineering is difficult or impossible.
There was also some widely-reported work on new methods of proof which
involved probabalistic methods. This was reported in Science, Science
News, and other such places about 2 years ago. (The scheme involves
transforming/rewriting mathematical proofs into much larger versions
which can then be "spot-checked" in a Monte Carlo way....if the
spot-checks are OK, one gains confidence that the overall proof is
Again, this may only be tangentially related ot the issues Mike and
Hal have been discussing, but I sense that ther'e a connection.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-26 12:10:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Whoa, now... (was Re: Digital Cash) 
Nope, not "entirely." Anonymity is still preserved, through the
"blinding" operation, even when a clearinghouse approach is used. That
is, the bank can assure itself that it issued the original note, even
though the note presented to it cannot be correlated to the issued
This is the breakthrough Chaum and others achieved. Anonymity (or
untraceablility by Big Brother and Big Mother) is achieved, which is
the major point of digital money. The possible need for online
clearing is not a fatal flaw.
A good place to read about this is the November 1985 "Communnications
of the ACM" journal, in Chaum's cover article "Transaction Systems to
Make Big Brother Obsolete." (Chaum has updated the article since, and
newer versions can be found in various places.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-27 00:59:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Censorship--I Demand a Retraction! 
Brad Huntting is absolutely right: children are known to be reading
this forum, so your use of the term "fucking obscene" is therefore
illegal, not permitted, unethical, tasteless, and fucking disgusting!
So, shithead, I demand a retraction this fucking minute! Or else!
Under the rules under which the Information Snooperhighway is run, the
Tipper Chip will automatically censor your messages for instances of
the 73 Forbidden Words (George Carlin, weep!) and the 192 Banned
Thoughtforms. Impure and seditious traffic will not be tolerated.
--Infosturmbahnfuhrer T.C. May
P.S. I can't _believe_ a Cypherpunk is actually advocating censorship.
If "obscenity" is banned, the logical corollary is that some folks
will be put in prison for continuing to say "fuck" and "freedom" and
other words deemed to be obscene by some Legion of CyberDecency. Can
this be what Brad Huntting really wants? (Tell us it was just a joke
of color, or something.)
As for kids reading this list or the Net in general, and seeing
"obscenity" on it, how is this any different or any worse than kids
sneaking a look at their Dad's "Busty Babes" (times have changed since
I was a kid) or tuning in to a shot of naked butts on "NYPD Blue"?
What about young and impressionable children being exposed to atheism
on the Net? Or to cultural values that offend their families? Or to
any of a hundred other horrors?
The only solution to this "problem" in a free society is for _parents_
to control their own children, not to apply censorship and obscenity
laws. And practically speaking, it's impossible anyway. The Internet is
worldwide, with no centralized point of censorship. Tipper Gore can no
more hope to censor the publication of "dirty" music lyrics on the Net
than the Ayotollah can hope to stop publication of recipes for pork.
It's a whole new world out there.
Kurt Vonnegut: welcome to the monkey house. If Kurt really called for
censorship, I'll have to reevaluate my respect for him. Too bad Frank
Zappa isn't available to have a chat with him about the nature of
censorship.

@_date: 1994-03-27 09:36:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Censorship--I Demand a Retraction! 
Whew! Thanks, Brad, for setting me straight on this. I _did_ think you
were endorsing censorship, not having seen the Vonnegut piece and not
knowing he was making an ironic point.
In my defense, to the extent there _is_ one, I've seen public figures
go dotty (and I _do_ mean like Dorothy) in their old age, supporting
all kinds of strange and fascist positions in defense of the Old
Order. But I guess that in Vonnegut's case, that would be too
unbelievable. (In Heinlein's case, though.....)
I'm fucking relieved.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-27 16:48:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Please refer back to the original purpose of the message 
(very long message about Compuserve deleted to save space)
Being the only Mr. May on this list, so far as I know, I'll comment.
This even though I have no idea what Jim Wilson is talking about.
I haven't commented on the Compuserve thread; my only "pornographic
language" that I recall had to do with some comments on Kurt Vonnegut
and Brad Huntting on censorship. Where this thread may've started is
immmaterial to my comments.
Frankly, I deleted the Compuserve-related message, as I have no
interest in the internal politics of Compuserve and its customers.
Corporations like Compuserve are free to pick and choose their
customers, just as customers are free to pick and choose those they
buy their services from.
The issue of whether "Windows Navigator"--if I remember the name
correctly--is the name owned by J. Random User or Compuslave or the
Republic of Ruritania is hardly something we are in a position to
evaluate from the one-sided posts presented here.
I have no desire to "reread the message," nor do I enjoy being accused
of "diverting" the meaning of your message, Jim. People read what they
want to read and write what they want to write.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-28 00:47:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: personal manifesto (comments appreciated) 
John Blair says he welcomes comments and criticism, so here goes:
I often use the term "the Net" as well, but perhaps this usage is
skewing our thinking in the very direction we mostly despise: the
creation of a monolithic entity,  as epitomized in "the" National
Information Infrastructure. Perhaps we should be thinking in terms of
"many nets," "many communcations channels." Come to think of it,
"cyberspace," though sometimes hackneyed (hackerneyed?), captures it
best, at least for me.
Not the best one-paragraph argument for crypto I've ever seen. But I
don't disagree.
I disagree with nearly everything here! If I know how to design
circuits, and some "have-not" does not, what is wrong with that? Is
knowledge to be made illegal? Are consultants, writers, designers,
etc. to be told they cannot use "the Net"?
Arghh! Words fail me. Perhaps our ideologies are just too far apart.
And part of preventing totalitarianism means not interfering with
economic transactions made by folks. See how this applies to your
point above.
A platitude. Ditto for "End Hunger Now" and "Save the Dolphins."
It's OK that you believe this, of course, but I fail to see any real
links with what it is we're doing, what crypto and digital privacy is
all about, etc. My fear is that these nice thoughts will be used by
others, especially politicians, to their own ends.
Be sure you read up on the problems with "democracies." (For the most
part, I'm opposed to democracies. Too many issues to go into right
now, but I can if there's interest.)
Instead of so much talk of democracy, think of _free choice_. Is
"deomcratic input" needed in determining what books get published,
what magazines are created and sold, what CDs get produced? No, the
"market" decides. Not perfectly, not to everyone's liking, and
"injustices" do occur. But far better that the success of a book or a
CD depend on customer willingness to buy than that some committee or
democratic vote has decreed that 2 Live Crew is not needed.
The extension of this notion to cyberspace is both obvious and
natural. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-29 10:44:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto and new computing strategies 
No need to worry just yet.
There is no convincing evidence that "quantum computers" can calculate
in any way differently from "ordinary" computers. I'm not sure if Jim
is referring to the Bennett-Brassard talk of computers exploiting QM
principles in a new way, or the stuff on quantum-well sorts of devices
(single-electron wells). My issue of Sci Am is buried somewhere.
Devices that are built on a size scale where quantum effects are
important, such as quantum-well devices, don't use QM as a
computational mechanism per se. The devices are just real small. But
not small enough to matter for large RSA moduli--the computations
required to factor a 1000-decimal-digit number swamp even a universe
_made_ of computers!
The issue of "rate and size constraints" is a different issue for
several reasons:
1. Quantum computers (of the Bennett-Brassard sort), in their nascent
stage, are very large and cumbersome affairs....lots of light tables,
lasers, beam splitters, and interferometers. This will shrink, but not
for a while.
2. Nanotechnology and other "small" technologies may someday make
computers much more capable than the silicon-based technologies of
today. I'm not holding my breath, for lots of reasons.
And, like I said, a long-enough modulus defeats even a universe filled
with computers. It's in the math.
Can NP-hard problems be skirted with "nondeterministic" computers
(whatever _they_ are)? Not that we know of. Just speculation at this
(And it hasn't been proved that factoring, let alone RSA, is NP-hard
or NP-complete or anything else.)
So I'm not worried.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-29 11:26:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Ames/ clipper compromised? 
(40 pages of quoted material mercifully not included here!)
I'd like to encourage my colleague Brian Williams and others _not_ to
copy 40 pages of stuff that's already been posted here just to add a
few comments (or even a _lot_ of comments).
One of the problems with a mailing list like ours is that the same
articles--be they announcements from the EFF or CPSR, articles from
the Wall Street Journal, or whatever--are being posted multiple
times. Sometimes because people didn't apparently see that the stuff
had _already _ been posted, sometimes because Cypherpunks is on a
"junk mail" list of EFF, CPSR, ACLU, etc. mailers, and sometimes (as
here with Brian) because folks seem to think the material _needs_
Thanks for reading this.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-30 12:10:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Focus on Clipper Details Plays into Their Hands 
I believe the focus on Clipper/Skipjack details and technical issues
plays into the hands of those who want to deploy these systems.
* By concentrating on issues of key length, escrow details,
availability of the chips, etc., attention is shifted from the real
issue--the mandatory use of Clipper (probably) and why this is so
wrong--to the issue of _practicality_.
* If the issue becomes _practicality_ instead of _ethicality_, then we
ultimately lose, I fear. Any criticisms we successfully raise can be
more or less responded to by the NSA, Denning, Sternlight, and so on.
Then we'll look for new practical problems, and the chase will
continue. Meanwhile, Clipper will be that much furhter along.
* My response when people ask me about arcane details of key length,
family keys, etc., is to just _snort_ and shake my head and say: "Who
cares? I don't plan to use it."
* I'm really not slamming those on this list who are actual experts on
the Clipper system, as much as anyone outside the NSA can be of
course. Their intelligent comments, their poking of holes, and so
forth, has been useful. * My concern is that too much attention can be focussed on a
fundamentally wrong idea, much like the syndrome of the pilot of an
aircraft staring at his altimeter and tapping it furiously as he
crashes. * If, for example, the Cypherpunks and others help to compile a list
of questions about Clipper (and recall that we did just that about a
year ago) and then these questions are answered or otherwise dealt
with, where does this leave us?
In my opinion, the very notion that one's private keys have to
"escrowed" with the local cops is ethically flawed. If the proposal
were that house keys had to be escrowed, or that personal diaries had
to be escrowed, would we be debating the technical details of what
kinds of envelopes the diaries would be sealed in?
Granted, Cypherpunks is a techncally-oriented group, more so than
legally or politically oriented (though most of us are politically
aware and motivated by ideology), and so we have a store of knowledge
about crypto that most folks don't have. Hence a focus on Clipper's
arcane details is to be expected. But let's be sure it doesn't divert us away from a prinicple rejection
of the whole concept of key escrow.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-30 21:59:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: crypto software/papers/docs CD -- is there any interest? 
You'll have to be real careful here, as charging money means
copyrights have to be more scrupulously watched than when sites just
"informally" contain copyrighted material. (I'm not arguing for these
laws, just noting them.)
For example, essentially all of the crypto papers at the soda site are
actually copyrighted papers from journals or books that were
"contributed" by various folks (such as the not-seen-recently
"Information Liberation Front"). Try publishing this, whether for
"free" or for a fee, and watch what happens!
So, you'll need to get releases. waivers, permissions, etc., on all
this material. The official material, for sure. The article folks have
written may also be problematic....recall the intense debate several
years back about folk selling compilations of other people's stuff.
(There are lots of issues here, which get debated over and over again
in various forums. All I'm saying is that charging $50 for a
compilation of articles, FAQs, scanned items, etc. is likely to
trigger a lot of things. Just a heads up.)
Devious note: You could avoid legal actions, injunctions, etc., by
publishing anonymously. Makes getting assistance tougher. And makes
payment much iffier. Of course, an ideal situation for "anonymous
anonymous ftp" and digital cash, for network transfers. Physical disks
will be harder to sell anonymously.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-30 22:15:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: crypto software/papers/docs CD -- is there any interest? 
I just wanted to add another point about what Mark Henderson proposed:
I guess I concentrated on the "information/papers" part of your
proposal, as that's the only stuff that could really begin to need a
CD-ROM. (I think Bruce Schneier's source code diskettes fill less than
3 MB, and contain documented, tested code.)
Can "Mosaic/WWW"-compliant CDs be made? (I'm showing my ignorance of
Mosaic and WWW here, as I have not yet made the jump into either.) A
documentation system that allows code to be browsed, run, etc., sort
of a hypertect version of Schneier, could be quite useful.
(I use Mathematica, from Wolfram, and the popular thing is for books
to be written as Mathematica Notebooks, complete with executable code
in the Notebooks. The code version is either included in a diskette
with the book or is ftp-able from a site. Schneier decided to do
neither of these, for reasons having to do with his publisher fearing
export of the book would not be allowed if a diskette was included.
The reason an ftp site was not included is less clear. Maybe it had to
do with making money from the sale of the diskettes.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-31 10:52:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: crypto software/papers/docs CD -- is there any interest? 
The back of his book contains ordering instructions. Diskettes are
ordered direct from his company, Counterpane Systems. $30 for the
2-disk set, $90 for a 2-year subscription.
There is no ftp site, for reasons I can only speculate on. Some wild
1. Schneier wanted to make money on the diskettes. He mentioned
wanting to distribute the diskettes with the book, for a higher price,
but was not able to. (Export issues feared.)
2. An ftp site would allow easy access to anyone in the world, even
with the nonsensical "Yes, I am a U.S. citizen" screens. Perhaps the
NSA folks urged him not to go this route.
(Yes, the diskettes can similarly be ordered. Only U.S. and Canadia
delivery sites are accepted. Easy to bypass. Mail forwarding services
routinely do this.)
Inasmuch as his code has been vetted by bieng discussed in his very
popular book, "competitors" who offer their own collections, a la Mr.
Harvey, may find it a tough sell.
And, as I said in an earlier message, a lot of releases and waivers
will have to be gotten. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-03-31 14:10:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Collapse of the Wave Function Predicted, Timing Uncertain 
Ophir Ronen has forwarded us the Dvorak article. I had planned to wait
until midnight to reply, but, hey, it's past midnight _someplace_.
Ophir titles his post "Our Tax dollars at work! (NOT a sick joke),"
but the situation is actually much grimmer than what Dvorak wrote about:
....rest of Dvorak's April column elided..
Further provisions:
- Speaking on telephones while intoxicated (.03% blood alchohol level)
is also illegal, as the slurred speech interferes with normal voice
recognition and tracking software the NSA runs. "Speak clearly into
the microphone."
- Writing software while on drugs, apparently a longstanding practice
amongst some segments of the hacker community, is banned. As Professor
Denning puts it: "Drugs and code don't mix. This is what got us into
this whole crypto mess in the first place."
- Encrypting while drunk is specifically forbidden. Apparently recent
work in the Cryptologic Science Section of the Agency, and since
confirmed by noted Russian quantum theorist Dmitri Jokovich, is that
careless use of RSA and other NP-confusing algorithms could produce
superluminal effect-before-cause cryptoquantum fluctuations. Based on
the Choate Effect, these fluctuations could cause the collapse of the
universal wave function!
- To ensure that illegal knowledge is no longer carelessly
distributed, and following the example set by our Canadian brothers
(who have limited distribution of several newsgroups related to the
Karla Homulka and Paul Teale matter), the following newsgroups are now
declared contraband in the United States:
Have a nice day.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-01 17:37:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as lobbying/propagandizing group 
I think you're conflating several different opinions. Some want to
lobby, some want to talk algortithms. Some say they are leaving the
list because too much political discussion is happening, others that
not enough is happening.
Such is the nature of a group like our. Anyone is obviously free to go
out an lobby. But just as I am not in a position to represent _you_,
so, too, no group or indidual out there is in a position to represent
Like, I said, anyone can represent themselves, can lobby, can promote
petitions, can phone Congresscritters, and all that. Some of us do
this, as a matter of fact. And some of us talk on radio shows, are
interviewed for magazines and newspapers, and so on. What more can be
wanted? Let anyone lobbying that we--as a group--start to *do more*
themselves do more.
Deservedly or not, our press has been much more positive than
negative. Cf. the pieces in "Wired," "Whole Earth Review," "The
Village Voice," and "The New York Times" (only a brief mention there).
I can't think of much bad press, frankly. (The NSA guy's comment about
Woodstock and trig homework, maybe, but that was more than countered
by Bruce Sterling's closing talk at CFP and other talks. No big deal.)
As one of the old timers, some comments:
* I haven't said I won't participate....in fact, I still write a lot.
So do other old-timers.
* The "Clipper debate" started in earnest exactly a year ago, not "3
years ago." My Clipper folder has 4 MB of mail and articles in it,
refecting only the small fraction of mail I kept on the topic. It
continues to be debated, here and in the Usenet discussion groups.
Several of us have written at length about it, and others are always
free to.
So, I don't follow the point about how the old timers are letting the
newbies do all the debating....
It is true that certain comments, along the lines of "What are some
arguments against Clipper?," are not conducive to debate (to put it as
politely as I can). Interesting comments, or new perspectives, or even
articles that indicate the author has at least read some of the FAQ
materials distributed frequently in the Usenet groups, are likelier to
generate responses. (And this was equally true a year ago, by the way;
to participate in a debate one needs to have a certain common
vocabulary and an awareness of the main issues.)
Having said this, there are many who are tired of the same old Clipper
debates. There's no argument that will make most of us accept the
concept of "key escrow," so what's to debate?
And like I said, there are plenty of grassroots political
opportunities for those interested. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-01 18:44:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto books 
Hoo boy, I _hate_ the Meyer & Matras "Cryptography" (1982) book! (I
shelled out $60 in 1987 for this one, and that was a lot of money for
a book back then.)  Intensely dry and detailed on DES, with few if any
"big picture" analyses, and no mention of modern protocols of the sort
that usually interest us. Given the publication date, and the authors'
employment at IBM (in the Lucifer/DES group), this is not all that
I've only skimmed the Rhee book. In fact, I almost skimmed it again
this afternoon at Barnes and Noble, due to the mention by Karl.
My VERY STRONG OPINION (sorry for raising my voice) is that Schneier's
book is all ye know and all ye need to know! That is, you folks out
there asking about crypto books should immediately acquire Schneier's
book...others have said this and it is manifestly so.
If you finish Schneier, you'll be well-prepared to evaluate the other
books, based on your own special interests and abilities.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-01 21:30:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: No time for "politics as usual"--comments *against* a lobbying focus 
I wish you luck on your creation of this public relations campaign,
the financing and production of a "Harry and Louise" (??...I never saw
it) television campaign, etc.
Just don't call your campaign "Cypherpunks," as you don't speak for
I'm not trying to sound snippy and testy here. If you and the others
who are advocating an aggressive media and public education campaign
can raise the money, get the stuff produced, and so forth, then more
power to you.
But it ain't a Cypherpunks thing. So don't call it that. Cypherpunks
write code, as Eric Hughes says. Or as Phil Karn has expanded on
wonderfully: "Don't get mad, get even--write code."
As we've discussed, this doesn't mean that writing C or Perl is the
only valid thing to do, or that all Cypherpunks activity revolves
around this. Rather, it recogizes that fact that the coming changes
that center around strong crypto will be most influenced by actual
tools, capabilities, digital banks, message pools, reputation servers,
data havens, and the like, more so than by "public opinion." And
several groups _already_ exist to lobby, located in Washington and
staffed by lawyers, media relations people, fund-raisers, etc. (A new
one, "EPIC," just got launched with much hoopla this past week.)
They have what we don't have: a centralized band of "public policy"
types, a budget, offices, etc. And we have what they _don't_ have:
hackers and crypto experts, subversive folks willing to violate export
laws, guerilla activists, etc. But you knew that.
This comes up every few months. Pray tell, just where will the
multi-million dollar budget to finance this series of ads come from?
(The last such "proposal" was that the Cyherpunks buy a series of
30-minute "infomercials" to educate the public. Several minor flaws:
a. such infomercials would be tuned-out by 97% of the population
("Look, Marge, it's a commercial about the dangers of Capstone and the
benefits of free use of RSA and Diffie-Hellman key exchange!")
(the subject is mostly too complicated for public debate, except at
the level of public opinion about the overall concept, where the
Time/CNN already has us way out ahead at 80% opposed to Clipper.)
b. call up a few t.v. shows and find out the ad rates, locally and
nationally. Then you'll see why the insurance business can run ads
like this, but a band of Cypherpunks can't. (Unless you and your
friends plan to pay for it yourselves. And don't make vague noises
about "fund-raisers.")
c. Clipper is primarily and Executive Branch issue. Doesn't mean it
won't be derailed, and our views are helping in some small way. But
it's not something that has to pass through Congress. (Digital
Telephony is another matter.)
d. whatever we spend, proponents can also spend. And both NSA and AT&T
have deep pockets (I've never seen an NSA ad, but they can funnel the
money into other places).
e. finally, it *still* wouldn't be a Cypherpunks thing....we have no
voting system, no rulers, no bylaws, no nothing.
Yeah, work on code!
A better use of some raised cash--which you are berating us for not
raising--would be to finance Phil Zimmermann's "Pretty Good Voice
Privacy," or the similar efforts of others (described here in several
recent posts).
The technological leverage obtainable this way is what has made the
current strong crypto issue arise. This is the stunning power of
hackers and Samizdat publishers and offshore financial markets...it
changes the equation.
It ain't politics as usual.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-02 10:00:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Blum-Blum-Shub source? 
Look for blum-blum-shub-strong-randgen.shar and related files in
pub/crypt/other at ripem.msu.edu. (This site is chock-full of good
Of course, only Americans are allowed to use these random number
generators, and even they face fines of $500,000 and imprisonment for
up to 5 years for inappopriate use of random numbers.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-02 11:06:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Random #'s via serial port dongle? 
(quoting me and Perry)
My point, not shown above, was not that a good RNG based on physical
sources isn't needed. I would in fact buy one, if only for playing
with it, if it was cheap enough (the $25 numbers sounded reasonable).
Rather, my main point was that we've seen this proposal for a RNG
dongle at least 4 or 5 times before. Sort of like the t-shirt
proposals, except with t-shirts the problems are simpler, the pathway
clearer, and eventually someone goes ahead and starts the process and
t-shirts come out the other end.
With crypto dongles discussed here over the past year and a half,
there is typically a flurry of "wouldn't it be nice" and "it ought to
be easy to reverse bias a diode" and "what about alpha particles?"
posts and "why doesn't someone do it?" messages, and,
then.....silence. Until the next flurry, of course.
I have not called for a cheap RNG, so I am not obligated to put up or
shut up. For those who have claimed it ought to be easy, here's your
(I worry less about random numbers because I believe an attack on
one's PGP messages is much, much likelier to come from inadvertent
revealing of one's key and passphrase, through the usual means, than
through an attack based on the nonmaximal entropy of the random
numbers generated. But if better random numbers are essentially
free... Of course, there's then the possibility that one's RNG dongle
is actually generating nonrandom bits--maybe NIST and NSA can license
RNGs and sell "Ripper" chips?)
I'll commit right now to paying $25 for a serial port dongle that
"looks like" a standard serial port device (a modem, for example,
looking like a modem hooked up at 19,200 or better to the Cosmic
Random Number). It won't even have to have drivers to talk to
it...I'll buy the dongle first and worry about that later. (The dongle
must meet certain basic requirements, such as outputting bits of the
right amplitude. No RS-232 connectors with 1K resistors soldered
across the pins, please.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-03 11:47:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
Hal Finney asks us to think about and comment on the important issue of why
digital cash, in its myriad forms, is not in wider use. Especially on this
list, where the Magic Money/Tacky Tokens experiment has not (yet at least)
produced widespread use.
This question also goes to the heart of several related questions:
1. Why aren't crypto protocols other than simple encryption, digital
signatures (both implemented in PGP as the de facto standard in our
community), and remailings (implemented in Julf's anon.penet.fi remailer
and in the various Cypherpunks remailers) being *used*? Why no DC-Nets, no
data havens, no digital timestamping, etc.?
2. What *incentives* are there for creative programmers to devise and/or
implement new crypto protocols if essentially everything for the past year
and a half (since the fall of 1992, which is when PGP 2.0 and remailers
became widely available) has languished?
3. What are the "killer apps" of crypto?
4. What platforms and user environments should would-be developers target?
What machines? What networks? What languages? (An ongoing interest of mine.
Objects, scripts, Visual Basic (!) VBX tools, TCL, perl, many platforms,
etc. A tower of Babel of confusion is upon us.)
Here is my first-cut analysis of the digital cash situation.
I. Why is Magic Money/Tack Tokens, in particular, not being more widely used?
- Nothing of significance on the List to buy, hence no incentive to learn
how MM works. (Just because someone announces that their new article is
available for 10 Tacky Tokens doesn't a demand make!)
- Semantic gap. I confess to not having the foggiest ideas of how to go
about acquiring Tacky Tokens, how to send them to other people, how to
redeem them (and for what), etc. Having nothing to buy (no need), and
plenty of things to occupy my time, I've had no interest in looking at MM.
When I buy items like t-shirts from people on this list, I simply write
them a check and send it. Very simple. The banks handle the complexities.
And writing a check is a "prototype" (or script) that is learned early by
most of us. Not so with any of the various digital cash schemes. In 10 or
20 years, sure, but not now.
This is not to take away from the excellent work--I gather from comments by
others--that ProductCypher put into MM. His greatest achievement may turn
out to bring this issue to the fore, to wit, what will cause people to
bridge this semantic gap (understanding) and actually begin to *use* these
new constructs?
- as others have noted recently (and this is a well-known issue),
alternative currencies must offer some advantage over existing currencies,
or at least be roughly on a par with them.
For example, the airlines have their own currency, "frequent flier miles,"
which they pass out as an inducement for customer loyalty (repeat
business)....it is generally not advantageous for them to allow exchange.
(And really it's a kind of bribe, a transfer from the corporations which
pay for the plane tickets, with the frequent flier miles accruing--despite
futile attempts to halt this--to the individual passengers....this gives
"ffm"s a built-in advantage.)
(The proposal recently that vendors of products, like t-shirts, give a
discount for MM payments is of course unworkable. This is asking real
people to give up real dollars for an ideological cause of marginally
little significance to them. The advantages of MM must be real, not phony.)
II. Other Experiences with Digital Cash in Some Form
- On the Extropians list a while back (I've since left that list), there
was an interesting experiment involving reputations of posters and "shares"
in their reputations. Brian Hawthorne introduced is "Hawthorne Exchange,"
HeX, with eventually a few hundred or so reputations trading. The unit of
exchange was the "Thorne," with each new list member given 10,000 Thornes
to trade with.
Trading was very sparse, with most people apparently never bothering to
learn to trade (a la my own experiences with Magic Money). I downloaded the
docs one night, tried a few trial trades, and then proceeded to make dozens
of trades, trying to buy cheap and sell dear. Between my trades, the
reputation attached to my posts (and to my "nom du humor," Klaus! von
Future Prime) I amassed a sizable fortune in Thornes. I even offered to
exchange real dollars (checks) for Thornes, the better to amass a fortune
(for reasons I won't go into here). Edgar Swank offered to sell me his
Thornes for $20, I think it was, and I sent him a check immediately. (No
one else did.)
But I think the system was ultimately a failure. Nothing interesting was
for sale, and Thornes had a ridiculously low value (reflecting of course
their "toy" nature...my $20 bought 20,000 Thornes, as I recall). By "low
value" I mean that the number of Thornes given to each participant (Hint:
"given" is the important word) was worth nominally $100 (by Brian's sales
price--probably none were ever sold at this price), worth $10 to me and
others (by my offer of $1 per 1000 Thornes), and probably worth much _less_
as the HeX market languished and, probably, ultimately folded. (Does
anybody on the Extropians list know if it is still operating? And what
happened to by shares when I left the list?)
- Similar barter schemes have been described elsewhere. "Mother Jones" had
an interesting article last summer about a barter scheme in New England,
and other folks have mentioned here the articles in "Utne Reader" and so
III. What Markets Might Make Use of Digital Cash
- phone cards, subway cards, parking garage cards...all are examples. But
these are mainly to reduce the need for customers to carry coins and bills,
to reduce the dangers of theft of coins and bills (and the need to collect
them frequently from payment points), and to speed up processing by not
having customers fumble for change, etc.
- toll roads...this is a market that Chaum's DigiCash company has been
targeting for several years now. Privacy is a concern (don't want Big
Brother tracking your movements), and the infrastructure may allow
considerable investments in remote sensing of IDs and pseudonymous IDs,
online clearing, etc. Read the Chaum stuff for details on this.
- illegal markets, for transferring wealth in fairly large amounts. Not at
all clear how this will happen, and it sure won't happen with some
fly-by-night hackers and/or students offering a new service.
(I didn't mention that one of the persistent concerns about learning new
crypto protocols here on this list is the epiphenomenality (transience) of
it all...remailers appear and then vanish when the students go away or lose
their accounts, features added make past learning useless, and so on. Life
is too short to spend it learning crufty details that will go away in a
matter of months. I'd hate to buy $300 worth of TackyTokens and then find
that their value went away when J.Random User graduated!)
- betting markets, the "Internet Casino in Cyberspace," etc. Nick Szabo was
once championing this, and I think it could be an interesting, and very
real, market. Lots of issues here.
- Digital Postage. This remains my favorite. There's a _need_ for
untraceable payments (else why use a remailer?). I've written about this
extensively, as have others.
If remailers offered robust (see above point about crufty, flaky, hobby
remailers) services that they operated as _businesses_, with reasonable
attention to reliability, interconnectivity to other remailers, overall
robustness, and carefully articulated policies about logging, privacy,
etc., then MM or something similar could have a real value.
IV. Is there Any Hope for Cypherpunks Software Use?
The remailers (of Hughes and Finney, with other contributions) came in the
first few _weeks_ of existence of the Cypherpunks group. Julf's system
already existed.
Remailers were the "low-hanging fruit" that got plucked fairly easily (not
taking anything away from Eric, but he himself says he learned enough Perl
in one day to write the first, crude remailer the _next_ day!).
Later protocols have not fared as well. Why this is so is of great importance.
That's a topic unto itself, and one which I hope to write about soon. Lots
of important questions and interesting issues.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-05-04 01:21:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Detweiler's Back--comments in talk.politics.crypto 
I apologize for mentioning the name "Detweiler" here, but I just spent
a fair amount of time composing this attached article for
talk.politics.crypto, and thought it relevant enough to Cypherpunks to
forward here.
Many of you apparently missed Detweiler's harassment of our list (with
fantasies that several list members were actually "Tentacles" of
myself and Eric Hughes and others, etc.), for which you should
consider yourself blessed.
He has a nasty habit of popping up, though. Tonight, shortly after
reading his post where he asked "have you fixed the cypherpunks
remailers yet?," I saw that huge list of numbers appear from an
anonymous site....and of course I thought "He's baaaaack!"
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp,talk.politics.crypto
Path: netcom.com!tcmay
(commenting on a post of mine)
: actually, something I have observed is that you never respond to : ad hominem attacks the way e.g. Sternlight does. If someone calls
: you a slimy cryptoanarchist, you don't bother to defend yourself.
That's right. I see no point in answering such nonsense, as it wastes
my time and wastes the group's time. I'm only commenting here because
you've made an accurate observation here...ad hominem arguments are
rarely persuasive.
: Which is something of a pity, because IMHO all the fun of Usenet
: is namecalling. What else is it good for? any medium that does not
: reward excellence in posting (the good and the bad scroll off
: in the same pace) is asking for mediocrity. Talk.politics.crypto should be, in my opinion, concerning itself with
the vital and fascinating questions about crypto policy, the laws of
other countries besides the U.S., Clipper, Digital Telephony, and so
forth, not with endless acrimony about who said what, who called whom
a liar, and who's sleazier.
If someone calls me a fool, or a dupe, or a Nazi babykiller, I take
satisfaction in letting their words speak to their own reputation.
Further, anyone _taken in_ by such idle charges almost certainly
_deserves_ to be taken in! A kind of filter, as it were.
Most people are pretty reasonable, and learn quickly enough to
separate out casual charges and idle assertions from the truth. This
is why free speech "works."
(When Detweiler begain to attach my name and (non-digital) sig block
to his posts, and then to post pro-Nazi rants in soc.culture.jewish
and soc.culture.german, with my name at the bottom, then I took the
step of letting his site admin know I was pissed off. Eventually,
after LD mailbombed more than a hundred newsgroups--before it was
stopped at his site--his account was yanked. He's now posting as
"tmp.netcom.com," out of the Denver site.)
: also, it appears that you are loathe to post any insult under your
: True Name but feel free to do so under all the `others' . It appears
Yes, I dislike posting insults....even for people I disagree with.
(I'm not perfect...I've lost my temper on the Net more than once...)
And a lot of times I just see no point in refuting an obviously flawed
argument someone makes. The Clipper arguments have gone around and
around and most people in this group, not to mention 80% of Americans,
dislike the Clipper concept. (As I've said so many times, beginning 5
months _before_ Clipper was announced, my real concern is that the
groundwork is being laid for some kind of ban on unapproved crypto
use. This has always been the focus of my efforts, including the
technical and public relations efforts now underway to undermine key
escrow, not the relatively trivial issue of what kind of secure phones
the government buys for itself and tells its contractors to buy. Too
many issues here to discuss now.)
However, as I told you beginning last summer when you started to
pester me about my "Tentacles" and my "Pseudopods," I don't post to
this or any other group under any name or account name other than my
own name, tcmay at netcom.com. And I haven't used a reamiler or anonymous
posting service for many months (and then it was mostly for
experiments, with posts going to the Cypherpunks mailing list). The
same cannot be said of yourself, you having posted under the various
names of S. Boxx, The Executioner, Pablo Escobar, Jim Riverman, T.C.
Hughes, Eric May, Adolf Hitler, etc., via the anon.penet.fi remailer
site. And you've even posted with _my name_ attached to your posts. (A
good argument for digital signatures, save that I run RSA's MailSafe
and MacPGP on my home machine, and uploading to Netcom is an extra set
of steps I don't relish.)
: that the cryptoanarchist ideology that `true names' are meaningless
: is itself meaningless. Well, I think you should consider that you : are really missing out on something. A world where there is no
: strong condemnation of evil is an invitation to moral relativism
: and fascism (or, maybe that is your point).
Condemnation of evil doesn't happen by ad hominem arguments, by
anonymous posts, by prattle about the "spawn of Satan" and
"sodomites." Nothing to be gained by mindlessly demonizing David
Sternlight, Grady Ward, Dorothy Denning, or any other such
If there is a developing collision between "privacy" and the putative
need for the government to inspect the insides of ones computer files,
filing cabinets, business receipts, housekeeper interview logs, etc.
(all of these inspections are ostensibly needed for small
businesses--and many of us are becoming small businessmen, courtesy of
at home consulting, businesses--to allow taxation, detection of
money-laundering, etc.), then this collision needs to be discussed.
I don't impute evil to the NSA or NIST, or to folks like Dorothy
Denning and David Sternlight. I just disagree with them and think the
new technologies favor (and "empower") the individual over any
particular nation and its band of tax collectors, censors, and
authority figures. There are good aspects and bad aspects to this kind
of "crypto anarchy" (my term since 1988), but the genie's already out
of the bottle. Instead of arguing pointlessly here, in this group, over 700 mostly
like-minded (though I don't speak for others) folks are racing to get
strong crypto and its related technologies deployed as quickly and as
widely as we can. Just to get the genie even _further_ out of the
bottle. (Our band of folks, and others, may lack the sheer power of
the Agency, but it is _ever so much easier_ to encrypt strongly, to
provide untraceable message routing, than it is to break ciphers and
track all messages. The old saw, repeated recently by Philip Elmer-Dewitt in an otherwise
fine McNeil-Lehrer piece, that the NSA "has never met a code it
couldn't crack," is actually almost completely bogus. In fact, most
modern ciphers have been uncrackable, for reasons of computational
complexity, and there have been few major cipher or code crackings in
the last 20 years...the Walker spy case was so serious because key
material was being supplied to the Soviets, the kind of black-bag
cryptanalysis which works where brute-force methods fail. Fortunately for us, public key cryptosystems have much less key
material to protect, and the Agency can't do a black-bag job on very
many of us. This is why they're understandably worried, and why
Clipper, Capstone, and Digital Telephony are their attempts at
: the delight of Usenet is the back-and-forth. That's why Sternlight
: is famous and T.C.May is just a lurking shadow. The latter has mastered
: the thrust but not the parry.
And? So?
In the big scheme of things, it doesn't matter much to me that David
Sternlight is much better known than I am. Or that you, L. Detweiler,
rate your very own section in the "Legends" guide in alt.usenet.kooks.
: hee, hee, T.C.May apologizes to Dorothy Denning. Mr. May, it is clear
: that you can't decide whether you want to be a guerilla cryptoanarchist
: or the sweet, nice boy next door who brings cookies for the neighbor
: Aunt Dorothy.
: I'll stop now.
Thanks. That's my cue to stop as well.
: pseudonymously yours,
: tmp at netcom.com
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-04 11:10:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Visual Basic (yes, Basic!), and "VBX" tools 
Buried deep in Bill Garland's message, I found the following:
Maybe not. The tide may be shifting a bit. "Visual Basic," from
Microsoft, is coming on like gangbusters for Windows programmers.
And Windows is a _huge_ market. Further, by the time you you plausibly
complete any crypto product, the connectivity to the Net will be there
(cf. any recent issues of "Byte" for a mind-numbing discussion of the
multitudinous standards for objects, OLE 2, Distributed Objects
Everywhere, OpenDoc, etc.)
Visual Basic is rapidly growing in popularity because of Microsoft's
weight, Bill Gates' fondness for Basic (I speculate), and the
fortuitous decision to incoporate Windows "foundation classes" (a C++
notion, of course) into Visual Basic in an easy to use way, via the
aforementioned "VBX" extensions. These act as tools, pallettes,
widgets, and are growing rapidly in popularity.
In reading and rereading the "Byte" article "Componentware," May 1994,
Jon Udell, and in seeing an entire shelf of Visual Basic books at
several of my local bookstores, I realized that things have changed.
Here's just one quote. Think of "crypto" when you read about these VBX
"The fact that VBXes (Visual Basic custom controls) today best
exemplify the decades-old notion of reusable software has been a
surprise for everyone, including Microsoft. VBXes aren't just for 3-D
buttons, guages, and scrollable grids. National Instruments (Austin,
TX) will sell you a VBX that controls GPIB (general-purpose interface
bus) instruments. Cimflex Teknowledge  (Palo Alto, CA) offers a
VBX-based expert system. Distinct (Saratoga, CA) packages its TCP/IP
programming kit into a VBX...." (more examples)
Now part of this could be over-enthusiasm by the "Byte" author...we've
seen that plenty of times (in all of us). But my point is that anyone
already versed in Basic might want to take a serious look at Visual
Basic, and/or Visual C++ (which Microsoft has introduced to also
exploit VBXes).
Granted, Visual Basic is barely similer to the "old" Basics, such as
RSTS Basic (does DEC even support that anymore?).
The whole world is most definitely *not* going to Sparcstations, BSD,
and C++. Windows, Macs, and such are outselling Unix boxes by a vast
margin, and both Pentium- and PowerPC-based "personal computers" are
essentially workstations. Granted, most are not "on the Net" in the
same way the "toad" machine is, but this will change in time. It could
change soon. (And I'm sure some Windows, Windows NT, OS/2, and
Macintosh System 7 machines are already on the Net. Also, there's more
to the crypto future and needed software than just being on the Net.)
--Tim May
Yes, it's coming. Real Soon Now.

@_date: 1994-05-04 11:46:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Brittleness and Our Crypto Future 
Indeed. "Brittleness" is what's making the creakiness of the Net all
the more apparent and critical every day. (Some things it does very
well, and I'm amazed that it works as well as it does...a lot of
clever people out there making patches.)
Software has been compared to building a Boeing 747, except that
flipping one little switch accidentally can make the wing fall off.
We see islands of relative stability (word processors, apps, etc.)
separated by flaky, error-prone (human, mostly) networks, with little
We mainly do "encryption" and "remailing" with our wonderful crypto
tools--and we *don't* do much of the other neat stuff that is
possible--for a simple reason: the only thing all of our myriad mail
systems, newsreaders, various platforms, and communication systems can
reliably communicate to each other is the _simple text message_!
Although much more complicated objects are in principle
intercommunicable (and Mosaic can do images, etc., so things are
changing), the basic object of communication is the text block. It can
be encrypted/decrypted, signed, and remailed, with people at the
receiving end knowing how to handle it....that's why PGP and remailers
The other protocols rely more on complicated objects, signals sent
back and forth, and are much less interoperable and semantically more
ambiguous. I agree. If the meeting is still on the 14th, the normal "second
Saturday," I'll be there. If it's been moved to the 21st, as was being
talked about, I'll be down in Los Angeles (where I'd still like to
meet with any LA-area Cypherpunks who wish to meet).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-04 12:44:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: DigiCash can use whatever currencies are valued 
As Perry and Eric and others have noted, schemes for digital cash are
primarily a transaction mechanism, and not a new currency unto themselves.
Transfers, accounts, payments, all the usual stuff.
However, the strong crypto used allows more flexibility in bypassing normal
currency rules and can allow users to mutually agree on whatever currency
they wish. (This is in large part already possible, for some folks, in the
international markets, the Eurodollar markets, etc. It's one of the things
that keeps countries in line. Duncan Frissell and others have elaborated on
this market mechanism.)
Just as in Havana, the U.S. dollar is the de facto hard currency unit, so
too could future digicash transactions be based on the Latvian luble, the
Qatarese marq, or the Cyberian cyphertaler. Or on a market basket of such
currencies. Or on uranium futures. Whatever the parties to a transaction
agree on.
(Obviously the usual Cypherpunkish issues of market forces, trust,
reputation, escrow, etc., enter in here. How the dollar comes to have a
"value" that is worth, say, 5 pounds of bananas to some merchant, while the
officially supported Cuban peso is worth, say, half a banana peel, is a
complicated and "emergent" thing. It's complicated, but was understandable
to Saddam's ancestors in the markets of Babylon thousands of years ago.
Enough said.)
The prospects for breaking open these financial markets even further is
breathtaking. Of course, it won't be easy. More than some casual
programming will be needed. I don't expect folks on this list to pull this
off all by themselves. Some may.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-05-05 11:04:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Join our Betting Systems Re-development Project... 
I'm attaching a job offer here for a couple of reasons:
- it mentions a new betting system programming job in Hong Kong
(shades of the "Internet Casino"? Actually, no, not in this case...but
it _could_ be...)
- the focus on object-oriented methods to rewrite their
transaction-processing system has echoes of the "protocol" problem
we're talking about here
- expect very similar projects, someday, for projects in the
Newsgroups: comp.object
Organization: Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
Technology Architect
Join our Betting Systems Re-development Project Re-
engineering team
The Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club is evolving into a sophisticated user of high volume transaction processing technology for one of the largest wagering systems in the world which handles over US$100 million each race meeting.
To meet our user demands of tomorrow - for example design for real-time support of horse racing events around the globe - we now face the enormous challenge of re-developing the total technology base and infrastructure of these betting systems which will reach the end of  their life by the end of the We are re-engineering with an objective to implement an up-to-
date Open Distributed Systems and Object Orientation approach, in order to create flexible systems capable of supporting the demanding needs of the Hong Kong market place and to position us for absorbing change well into the next We are replacing systems at the client, network and senior levels.  The re-development of our network includes the metropolitan area branch offices, two racetracks and a 1,600 workstation Telebet Auditorium.
As Technology Architect working with the Application Architect and other members of the technical team you will undertake the task of developing benchmarks and supporting the Development and Technical Research and Planning teams to develop strategies for system development.
With a penchant for problem solving, you must have strong practical experience in our planned technologies, and still be hands on with regard to coding and debugging.  Experience with OO, C++ and Unix is essential.  A knowledge of both written and spoken Cantonese would also be a distinct This Hong Kong based position will be on a fixed 2-3 year contract.  To attract outstanding people, the packages will be mainly cash remuneration at a level reflecting experience and Hong Kong relocation/living costs.
In the first instance, apply with full career details quoting relevant ref. number, by E-mail: mimi at attmail.com, or by writing to The Senior Personnel Manager, The Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club, 2 Sports Road, Happy Valley, Hong Kong.  Fax: (852) 576 1987 or (852) 577 2773.

@_date: 1994-05-09 00:24:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TEST 
This is a test to see if mail is getting though.
If you get this, there are only about a dozen of us shown on
Majordomo's listing, as you probably already know.
Anybody know what happened? (I can think of some possibilities:
Nalbandian's threatened 12.2 MB mail bomb, someone (LD or JN?)
unsubscribed everyone with Majordomo, or a toad problem unrelated.)
Exciting times in cypherspace.

@_date: 1994-05-09 01:24:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: My form letter 
Here's a form letter I expect to send to people who I see asking about
the status of the list. If someone has better information than I have,
I'll be happy to use it, or to let someone else handle responses.
THIS IS A FORM LETTER (to save me having to type the same stuff)
You have asked what happened to the Cypherpunks list.
I don't know, but as of Sunday night, 8 May, there were only about a
dozen or so subscribers. Apparently something happened to the list. I
have messages in to Eric Hughes and Hugh Daniel.
The subscriber list may get restored. I don't know.
You can also resubscribe by sending a message to majordomo at toad.com
with this as the body:
subscribe cypherpunks
If this is successful, you'll get a confirmation message within a few
Volume is likely to be low, until things get back to normal.
I hope this helps.
--Tim May, not acting officially on behalf of the list.

@_date: 1994-05-09 21:30:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Patents on RSA will expire soon.... 
Schneier has a good exposition of this in his book. It's worthwhile to
do the calculations, even back-of-the-envelope.
Assuming no surprise breakthroughs in factoring (in which case even 1200-1500
bit keys would fall, one would assume), a 1024-bit key is *vastly*
stronger than a 384-bit key, which just consumed several thousand
MIPS-years to break (to factor the modulus, of course). Recall that the RSA patents begin to expire in a few years and are
completely expired by 2002. After that, the issue will be moot. And at
the rate at which things are moving these days, I expect an
MIT-RSADSI-blessed version of PGP--perhaps Version 3--to add features,
increase key lengths, etc.
I don't know any details of the MIT-RSADSI deal, but I think this PGP
2.5 deal is a GOOD THING, on the whole. It gives the national security
apparatus no excuses for cracking down on PGP, vis-a-vis patent
infringements (not that they enforce patents, but that was a cloud
hanging over PGP), and probably makes the export of PGP for Zimmermann
a non-issue. (Somebody will very quickly export PGP 2.5 to Europe,
presumably by very untraceable means).
As for generating a new key, I was planning to do so anyway...one
ought to change one's key at least 0.5% as often as one change's one's
underwear. (Awkwardly said, but you get the idea.) As there is not yet
a Mac version, I'll have to wait a while.
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Not too likely. Not even the next _five_ years.
By the time truly strong (last a couple of centuries) crypto is
needed, for critical financial trusts and cryonic suspension sorts of
things, this deal will help to make sure nothing can block the spread
of strong crypto.
A good thing.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-10 19:21:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailer Comments (was: "Why Digital Cash...") 
I saw it and thought it quite good. As to why nobody (besides Nobody,
of course) commented.... I wrote an essay on how the "bad posts drive
out the good," that is, the trivial chatter and net.repartee posts
tend to dominate over the thoughtful, detailed reports. I sent this
around 5 p.m., PDT, on Saturday, so it no doubt vanished into the
Maximal Entropy empty set. (However, being anal retentive, I saved a
copy...I will resubmit it when the readership gets back to a high
enough level.)
Actually, these are not what I mean by "Mom and Pop remailers." My
usage here is that someday there will be the infrastructure to support
local entrepreneurial services, wherein households (hence "Mom and
Pop") set up remailer services and collect digital postage. Far from
being flaky (the "Joe College remailers." one might call them), these
remailers-for-pay would need to be counted on to be up, and could not
afford to be flaky.
O'Reilly and Associates (the Unix books people) are about to unveil
their "Internet-in-a-box" product. Can it be much longer before some
of you enterprising remailer builders offer "Remailer-in-a-box"? This apparently is happening. Offshore remailers will help, but a
malicious person planning a denial of service attack can still send
threats, pirated software, etc., through a remailer he want to put
heat on.
Agreed. But the infrastructure won't exist until some experiments have
been done and evolutionary learning takes place. A platitude perhaps,
but still the truth.
Longterm (as short as 2 years perhaps, but more likely 5-10 years...an
eyeblink, as I see it) the incentive is as with *any other service*.
Just like Federal Express or UPS. "Digital postage" of some form.
A variant of the "tragedy of the commons," of course. All users
benefit, regardless of contributions. For now, Julf is presumably
deriving psychic satisfaction (fame, notoriety, happiness at perhaps
helping people in the *.recovery "confession" groups, etc.). He
sometimes comments here, so perhaps he will now.
When there is a need for some service, and the means to make that
service happen, and the economic incentives, the service usually gets
I'm not too worried about "making it happen," myself. Only in doing
what I can to head-off any restrictive moves by governments. I'm pretty hopeful. Strong crypto + wide-open communications = this
future we talk about. Whatever form remailers take, it's probably too
late to stop them.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-11 11:28:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Research Havens" and Pseudonymous Journals 
Mike Duvos brings up an important issue: what to do about the mounting
pressure to ban certain kinds of research.
One of the powerful uses of strong crypto is the creation of journals,
web sites, mailing lists, etc., that are "untraceable." These are
sometimes called "data havens," though that term, as used by Bruce
Sterling in "Islands in the Net" (1988), tends to suggest specific
places like the Cayman Islands that corporations might use to store
data. I prefer the emphasis on "cypherspace."
Uses for research havens:
- medical experimentation deemed "illegal" by authorities (use of Nazi
freezing data, for example, or research into live donors for organ
- sexual research of the sort mentioned above
- research into racial and gender differences in intelligence or other
- drug research that violates some norm
- tons of similar examples
Strong crypto allows for the creation and distribution of journals or
article distribution methods that allow for novel features:
- anonymous receipt (a la the "anonymous anonymous ftp" system)
- refereeing of articles by truly untraceable pseudonyms (but still
- scientists doing controversial or speculative research could adopt a
digitally signed pseudonym (as several Cypherpunks have done) and
publish their illegal, controversial, hare-brained, or otherwise
speculative research under this pseudonym. If the research succeeds,
or the stigma attached diminishes (think of RU-486), then they could
of course reveal the mapping between their identities.
(lots more to say here)
What might be some first steps?
1. Investigate ways to create an "anonymous Web site," that is, a WWW
site that can be reached only through a system of remailers. Actually,
due to the slow response (else traffic analysis is a big danger), this
would be more like a "CryptoGopher." (But gopher is being subsumed
into the Mosaic/lynx model, I suspect, and will be obsolete soon.)
2. Anonymous moderation. Publication of cryptographically-sensitive
information, illegal research, etc., by anonymous means and with some
modertation. (The moderation could be bypassed by users who don't want
it, or set for a higher threshold...I'm not arguing for moderation
per se, but for reputation-based systems. Another topic.)
3. Create such a journal in an area unrelated directly to
cryptography, but using the methods of cryptography. For example,
imagine the allusive implications of this journal: "The Haight-Ashbury
Journals of Reproductive Freedom," containing "illegal" articles by
non-licensed researchers (non-doctors....note that the medical
profession controls the publication by various rules saying who can
practice medicine).
I can think of several variants on this, all in the medical area:
- "The Journal of Assisted Suicide"
- "Advances in Experimentation on Humans"
- "Illegal Drugs and Your Health"
You get the picture. Some of these are quite controversial, and might
not "help the cause." And I'm not endorsing experimentation on Jews or
other humans...I just don't think it right that many countries have
banned the publication of results from the WW2 experiments on Jewish
concentration camp results....imagine being imprisoned for the "sin"
of citing the statistics on how long it took people to die when
immersed in cold water? (Yes, it may offend some Jews, especially
those whose relatives were the ones dunked in the water, but so what?
Free speech and free exchange of ideas is what it's all about. Using
the data can't send a signal backward in time and cause Mengele and
his cronies to do more such experiments.)
I'm especially intrigued by the prospects for getting traditionally
left-leaning groups such as the "women's movement" involved in strong
crypto. Research into RU-486 results would seem to be one fertile
area. Clinton has lifted some of the restrictions, but certainly not
all of them (and the medical union has of course retained control).
Wouldn't it be interesting to have an anonymous site in cypherspace
that acts as a repository for RU-486 test results of all sorts?
Official results, as they dribble out, plus more unofficial,
anecdotal, and person results.
The "web of trust" model could be used to increase/decrease credence
given to reports in this crypto-repository.
Lots more to talk about. But I'll stop now.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-11 11:47:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Another sensationalist Newsweek Article 
I thought the article was fair, and describes reality very well. As the computer nerds are so fond of saying: "Where are all the women
in this group?"
Me, I just accept it as the way things are that women are not much
interested in cars, hunting, and cryptography, to name but a few
groups, and that their interests tend to lie elsewhere. I don't expect
to meet women for dating situation at hacker gathering, so when I
_don't_, I'm not surprised or disappointed.
When people ask me what I'm interested in, what this "Cypherpunks"
group is all about, I get fairly stereotypical reactions: most of the
men are interested, enthused, and see all kinds of implications that
intrigue them. Most of the women express worry, concern, and fear that
this crypto anarchic future will mean scary things. And with any
technical description, the women's eyes glaze over.
That's just the way it is. Maybe the generation that comes of age in
2010 will be different, but I doubt it.
The "Newsweek" article had a hilarious, and accurate-even-if
exaggerated, cartoons:
A girl in front of a terminal: "My friends and I are teaching dolphins
to communicate through e mail."
A boy: "I like to blow stuff up."
There you have it.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-11 18:53:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA & State Fears ITAR Lawsuits 
With the talk about Phil Karn's latest encounter with the ITAR
(International Trafficking in Arms Regulations) issue over Schneier's
source code diskette, I thought I'd pass on an interesting comment I
heard recently. Someone who's had dealings with the NSA and State over these issues
saw some memos, but was not allowed to make copies of them, which
indicated that State's lawyer's were very concerned that an ITAR case
involving software *not* ever reach the courts, because they felt the
government's case was very weak and that a probable loss would be a
serious setback in other areas.
Make of this what you wish, but I should note that Jim Bidzos or
someone like him (I just don't remember whom) at the 2nd RSA
Conference, January 1993, said something very similar to this. Namely,
that the government has generally avoided ITAR cases involving written
material and similar material because of the shaky Constitutional
basis. (Shipping a few packing crates full of mag tapes of weapons designs,
nuclear secrets, etc., would probably be prosecuted, but shipping a
couple of diskettes of C code, based on and essentially identical (no
matter what the letter to Phil K. says) to the code published in a
freely available book, sounds like precisely the kind of ITAR case the
governments fears the most.)
Note however, that I am not prepared to make myself a test case here!
Anybody who does so, should, in my opionion, be "judgement proof" (to
use Duncan Frissell's term). (Suing the government is less dangerous, but probably pointless....and
maybe not even possible. A "test case" would probably involved someone
very publically and very in-your-facedly exporting the diskettes and
then awaiting an ITAR prosecution. Which might never come...no
precedent would be established, the ITAR laws would not be changed.)
Just my opinion here, but I'm not sure this case is central to the
real issues. I applaud Phil for trying to get the diskettes ruled
exportable, but fighting a long legal battle is not necessarily a high
priority, as I see things.  (Usual caveats about people doing whatever
they want to do, about Cypherpunks not being an organized group and
hence can't have official projects, blah blah.)
Good luck!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-11 19:37:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Goals: Bad debate drives out good debate 
(I sent this out on Saturday, apparently just after the Great Outage began.
I never saw it, so I presume few if any of the rest of you did either.
While we're only 200-strong now, down from our 700+ peak recently, I
suppose the most diligent and interested readers have by now managed to get
back on the list. The alternately clued readers will have to miss this
I guess it's a fact of cyberspace that well-reasoned, well-written
posts don't get the followup responses that clueless, inflammatory, or
otherwise controversial posts do. This has been driven home to me
recently as I sort many thousands of posts and many hundreds of
threads accumulated these last 19 months (and I deleted some of the
true crap long ago, so my sample is skewed toward the good stuff!).
I look at recent examples, like the analysis by Greg Broiles of what
"Cyperpunks write code" means, and I see no follow-ups. I look at the
thoughtful words of Harry Bartholomew, including a book review, of
what can go wrong in software and what this means for crypto protocol
tools, and I see no follow-up commnents. I look at Ray Cromwell's
detailed presentation of his WEB-based remailer, and I see only
comments by a few of us (me, Hal Finney, as I recall). Plenty of similar
What is going on?
Without getting into particulars, clueless posts generate flurries of
denunciations, "your mother codes in Fortran" insults, and alien abduction
responses. A nobody name Nabalandian drools all over the list,
mailbombs us, and generates several dozen responses. (Including from
me, so I'm not blameless.) The Detweiler Perversion nearly brought the
list to its knees for over two months recently. (And lesser flame
wars, involving Thomas Tso, Xenon, and now Nabalandian, have similarly
distracted us.)
Cypher version of Gresham's Law: bad posts drive out good posts.
(The same is being seen in talk.politics.crypto, with the neverending
Sternlight vs. Everybody Else dominating the traffic by a factor of
20-to-1. Detweiler recently reappeared (as tmp at netcom.com) and is back
to debating _himself_ and answering his own delusional posts.)
Some fine work is being done, both by those who are posting here and
by those who are apparently holding their counsel for the time being.
But the crumb bum posts are definitely winning out.
To be sure, posts by the stronger posters--who I won't name now--can
still generate significant debate, but not nearly as well as the
inflammatory posts can. (Part of this is predictable: the stronger
posts are often technically deeper, meaning that more of the reading
population feels unable to add signicantly.)
I hope there's something we can do about it.
I may start reposting, at not too frequent intervals, interesting
articles from the past.  "Golden Oldies," I called them on the
Extropians list. Newcomers to the list often publically speculate that
the old-timers are not "interested" in debating what drew them, the
newcomers, to the list in the first place....things like Clipper, PGP,
the loss of privacy, etc. What they may not realize is that many of us
have spent literally many hundreds of hours writing articles for this
list. That we have no wish to repeat the widely-accepted reasons for
why Clipper is bad, or why RSA has not been broken, or why income
taxes are about to become obsolete, is not surprising.
While I'm not predicting the imminent death of the Cypherpunks list,
it seems clear we have to stop the slide into inconsequential chatter
and paranoid speculation.
Cypherpunks write code. Or at least they work on ways to *make things
happen*. They don't fall into the trap both the Marxists and the
Libertarians have fallen into, of idly discussing theory and hoping
that somehow the glorious future will arrive. Cyperpunks understand
that the genie of strong crypto is out of the bottle and that a
relatively small number of people working on new tools and
capabilities can produce a phase shift of immense proportions in the
There's work to be done, and I know of no other groups even one tenth
as prepared as we are to do this work.
Let us get on with it.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-05-11 23:31:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: NSA & State Fears ITAR Lawsuits 
I have no idea. I can provide the name of my source to someone who
wants to pursue it further (seriously pursue it, the way John Gilmore
and Lee Tien have pursued their FOIAs) and my source can say where he
was allowed to view the docs but not make copies. That might provide
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-12 13:16:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Archives, FAQ, and Why Things are the Way they Are 
(This message has two parts. First, a discussion of archives, the FAQ,
etc. Second, why encryption and remailers have been such successes and
why things like digicash and other more exotic protocols have not.)
I received half a dozen requests for ftp posting of articles, for
archive sites, etc. This was in response to my comment about "golden
We are in a tower of Babel these days. Dozens of computer platforms,
from mainframes to workstations to Macs to Windows to Amigas. Dozens
of mail programs (hence the fragmented support for something so basic
as PGP), dozens of newsreaders, dozens of etc.
The point: There is no easy solution to the problem of how newcomers
can come up to speed on this list. Some miscellaneous points:
* Yes, a FAQ would help. I am working on one. A long one, as is my
wont. I hope to have a version out soon for comments and further
submissions. I expect to either put it up for ftp at my site, or at
the soda/csuu(?) site, or to just mail it to folks who request to be
early commenters (I don't want the early versions ricocheting through
* However, many people are demonstrably unwilling or unable to read
the sci.crypt FAQ (else why some of the questions we get?) or to
acquire Schneier. ("What's Schneier?" is one of the FUQs--Frequently
Unanswered Questions.)
* My best articles (in my opinion) and the best articles of others are
scattered in 200 folders/directories, arranged thematically. I use
Eudora's sorting capabilities to sort the mail into topics I think are
related (such as Crypto/Technical/One Time Pads). Then I index the
articles with "On Location," which allows me to pull up each article
that has key words, such as "uranium" anywhere in the message. My own
personal research tool. I mention this because I have no plans to collect these articles
(either mine or those of others) and put them up for ftp access.
Just too much work for too little gain.
* Newcomers should be patient. Read the list for a while. I notice
that one newcomer has announced that he is leaving the list after 3
days (!!) because his question on analog encryption went unanswered.
Oh well.
* The "Cypherpunks Archives" comes up from time to time. While we all
have our own personal archives (I have 40 MB of Eudora files devoted
more or less to Cypherpunks), many believe a browsable archive of
_all_ posts would be nice.
- this has some downsides: inspection by prosecutors and the like for
seditious, infringement-inducing posts, etc. (Yes, they could
subscribe and see much the same things, but making a browsable site
accessible to one and all seems risky, given the political climate.)
Also, the 50 or 100 MB (rough estimate) of Cypherpunk mail would be
unreadable except in dribbles and dabs. (The Bible is only 10 MB!)
- and recall that Cypherpunks has no budget, no organized structure,
and no means of accomplishing such goals as making archives available
except insofar as the volunteer efforts of folks like Hugh Daniel and
Eric Hughes go. And the toad.com machine is John Gilmore's personal
machine, for which we should be thankful we have any access to at all.
- a real archive, maintained by real people, would require time
commitments and budgetary commitments I don't see materializing
anytime soon. * Meanwhile, we face the "tower of Babel." Only text messages, like
this one, cut across all systems, all mailers, all readers, and can be
encrypted (into _other_ text blocks, which is why some
interoperability exists at all).
Many things that are "possible" in the malleable and Protean world of
computers simply never gets done. For while many things are
"possible," time and energy limits mean these things don't get done.
To the Unix jocks who send me their idea of helpful messages,
suggesting that I use MIME-compliant agents and HTML URLs for the FAQ
(or somesuch...), or that a few pages of perl would fix these
problems....thanks, but no thanks! (I get a fair number of messages
suggesting that my complaints about foo would vanish if I gave up the
Macintosh and adopted the One True Way, be it BSD, or XWindow, or
perl, or whatever.)
(I do have access to "lynx," a stunning character-based form of
Mosaic, and I've been cruising around webspace with this. But I intend
to distribute the FAQ as a simple text doc, not as a
WWW/Mosaic/HTML/URL/lynx thingamajig. I know this will be
disappointing to some fraction of you, but we can't all be pioneers
with arrows in our backs. I actually have some expectation that WWW
and Mosaic are the Next Big Thing, and that groups like our list will
eventually migrate to webspace, with Cypherpunks being a virtual
meeting place in webspace. But not in the next year or two.)
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT,...
One final word: My point about only the text block being the lingua
franca of e-mail and the Internet (with a few images and sound files
gaining strength) is an important clue to what works and what doesn't
work in the world of crypto:
* simple encryption works because everybody conceptually understands
the concept of the encrypted message, which remains a text block.
* remailers have worked for the same reason: everybody understands the
idea of readdressing a letter, and the underlying data structure for
the system remains a text block.
* other protocols, like digicash, reputation servers, anonymous
markets, and so on, have languished because of the tower of Babel
effect--too many layers of protocol communication, negotiation, and
cross-platform incompatibilities. And the "semantics" of these
protocols are far from clear. (Try playing the roles of Banker,
Customer, and Shop in a 3-entity digital cash protocol, with messages,
signatures, blinded signatures, and "money objects" flowing back and
forth. It gets confusing, even to those who've pored over the Chaum
papers. Now try to _automate_ the protocol to run with little human
intervention on a mix of platforms, e-mail systems, etc. This is the
"protocol problem" that I happen to think needs a _lot_ more work. A
big C or perl problem will not necessarily be the solution.)
So, our early successes (use of encryption and remailers) is not too
surprising, and that's why these successes came early on.
What's next is a much harder problem.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-13 10:17:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: BOYCOTT AT&T 
^^^^^^^
Intel in bed with the government over Clipper? While Intel may own
10-20% of VLSI Technology Inc. (VTI), it is VTI that is manufacturing
the MYK-78 and related chips for Mykotronx.
A year ago, I talked to the guy who hired me into Intel in 1974, Craig
Barrett (who is about to take over Andy Grove's job as President), and
informed him of VTI's crummy role in the Clipper deal. I suggested to
him that any Intel involvement in Clipper would not help Intel's image
amongst computer types. Craig was uncommunicative on this--I got the
impression he had no idea what I was talking about. This doesn't mean Intel is not involved, of course, but surely the
main culprits are Mykotronx, VTI, and AT&T. Intel gets enough bad
press as it is not to be further tarred with the brush of Clipper.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-13 11:52:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Problem with my Mail (1000 extra lines of junk) 
Several people have written me to inform me that my last mail message
to the list had 1000 lines of extra junk appended at the bottom:
501 macrakis at osf.org~h...  550 Host unknown (Name server: host not
501 macrakis at osf.org~h...  550 Host unknown (Name server: host not
I've informed the folks at Netcom. If _this_ message has the same
extra junk, then I'll of course cease posting until the problem is
Thanks, --Tim

@_date: 1994-05-13 12:41:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: The Implications of Strong Cryptography 
Here's a message I wrote to talk.politics.crypto, etc., detailing more
on "anarchy" (as it relates to crypto anarchy). This may not be
"code," but it relates to the implications of strong crypto.
Detweiler has been very active in this group, making his usual
denunciations and even confirming that tmp = Detweiler (as if there
was any doubt). You have been forewarned.
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp,talk.politics.crypto,alt.politics.datahighway,comp.org.eff.talk
:    The combination of world-spanning networks (already here) and strong
:    cryptography (also here) will change a lot of things. Consulting is
:    changing, taxation is changing (though the dinosaur's brains hasn't
:    gotten the signal in all fullness yet), markets will change, and even
:    espionage will change. The implications are pretty amazing.
: Exciting, but scary.  Whenever big changes happen in society, people
: get scared, hurt and desperate.  And when that happens, you get
: Hitlers created.  Read Toffler's War and Anti-War for a more
: pessimistic outlook on things.
All the more reason to spread the tools and methods that decentralize
power, that effectively reduce the role of nations.
I routinely interact with, in speech and in other transactions, people
from around the world. They are my true neighbors in cyberspace, not
the folks who live across the street from me.
Strong crypto is not needed for all aspects of this situation, of
course. But strong crypto ensures that central governments cannot
easily limit these world-ranging contacts and cannot restrict the
nature and number of these transactions.
By the way, lest there be any confusion about the term "anarchy," it
is not a synonym for everyobody killing everybody else, etc. Rather,
the term has a well-established meaning: "no head," as in no "arch"
running things.
The books we read, the movies we see, etc., are "anarchic" in nature.
It doesn't mean we can see any movies we wish, without regard to
whether someone has produced them or not, or whether we can pay to get
it, and so forth. It means there is not "authority" that decides who
gets to see which movies. (Yes, MPAA ratings, obscenity laws...minor
deviations, no pun intended.)
Our networks of friends are essentially run anarchically. We deal with
some people, avoid others, all without "laws." (Yes, laws come into
play if we kill our friends, cheat them in business deals, etc. This
doesn't change the essential fact that our relationships are handled
without guidance from a ruler, a honcho, an "arch.")
Many other such example abound. In fact, when I explain what
anarcho-capitalism is (a term of art in libertarian circles), and how
anarchy means running your own life--with market and other
consequences your actions--most people realize that anarchy is
actually the norm, that the State has actually minimal involvement
(fortunately) in day-to-day decisions.
As others have noted, libertarian ideas--shared by many folks, not
just "Libertarians"--do not mean a world of houses burning down
because fire departments don't exist, and other such ludicrous
Imagine a world in which food distribution was handled the way fire
and education is now handled (and this has not always so in the U.S.).
One would pay taxes, and get officially-approved food at People's Food
Distribution Center  What could be more normal?
Now imagine someone proposing that food distribution be privatised,
that folks ought to pay for what they eat, make their own choices on
diet, and choose who to do business with. What a radical idea.
Wouldn't everybody starve? Wouldn't this be anarchy?
Yes, food distribution in the U.S. today is essentially anarchic.
Ironically, my leftist hippie friends (I live near Santa Cruz, one of
thee last remaining Meccas for them) understand this point very well:
they cherish the ability to grow food up in the mountains and then
sell it for whatever price they can get at the weekly Farmer's Market.
(They think Safeway is a corporate monopolist, depite heavy
competition in the grocery business, but that's another story.)
Anarchy is about freedom and choice. It's really the norm, and not
nearly as bad as it sounds. I'd say give it a try, but the fact is
that you're practicing it right now. Think about it.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-13 19:40:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Raids in Europe...be careful! 
Here's a report, dated today, that indicates the recent "software
piracy" issue (MIT/La Macchia, other sites) may be being used to
launch raids. Apparently this guy, in Italy, did not (his claim) have any pirated
software on his machine(s), but it was seized by the Italian feds.
Other sites, too, I gather.
This is only a SPECULATION here: With the Clipper program foundering,
and reaction very negative, and government official wringing their
hands at their inability to get a handle on things (control), there
may be alternate strategies put into play.
A crackdown on pirated material could be one avenue. Net porn could be
another. And should there be some highly visible case involving
encryption, bombers, child porn, terrorists, whatever, action could be
Briefly, let me urge you all to carefully think about this. Blatantly
illegal material on your systems could play into their hands. No, I
don't mean "free speech" issues...attacking _that_ would be a
difficult task. I mean pirated software in a location accessible to
the outside world, pornographic GIFs or whatever similarly accessible,
and so forth. (Someone recently asked if ftp sites could be
anonymously loaded (put) with items...this is worrisome, though I'm
certainly not accusing that anonymous person of any ill intent. Just
with the climate and all...)
I'm not playing net.cop. I just think Cypherpunks have enough
interesting--and ultimately very important--things to think about
without getting caught up in a criminal prosecution of software
piracy, child pornography, or the like. Just my personal view, you
I hope my concern is premature (I have no doubt that sooner or later
there will come a time of collision between Our Side and Their Side,
and that we will have to stand against Randall Flagg, DIRNSA).
Here's the Italian case:
Newsgroups: alt.bbs.unixbbs,alt.bbs.unixbbs.uniboard,comp.org.eff.talk,comp.bbs.misc
Organization: Akademia Pana Kleksa, Public Access Uni* Site
Reply-To: staff at ita.it
Just received this message from Italy. Anyone know what is going wrong with te world ??? Return-Path: Received:  from relay.iunet.it by wariat.org  with smtp(/\==/\ Smail3.1.28.1 .5) id ;         Fri, 13 May 94 05:32 EDT for "|/usr/local/bin/filter -o /usr/zbig/.elm/f
ilter_error" Received: from ita.UUCP by relay.iunet.it with UUCP id AA02606
  (5.65c8/IDA-1.4.4 for zbig at wariat.org); Fri, 13 May 1994 11:36:32 +0200
Received: by ita.it (5.65/ita-mail-drop)
        id AA09891; Fri, 13 May 94 11:23:03 +0200
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.3 PL11]
Status: RO
Hi Zbig,
things are getting really bad here...
On Wednesday, 11th of May, at 3:30 pm, the italian Feds came into my house
while I was out of town for a consulting business. They went into my bedroom
and seized all my equipment, diskettes, tapes. This action was part of a
nationwide raid against software piracy that hit some other 40+ FIDONET
sites (yes, they seem to have used a Fido nodelist to find out about sites
to investigate). Needless to say, I didn't even had DOS on my disk drives,
let alone any copyrighted software. Anyway, they have now all my work of the
latest 5 (five) years, including all backup copies of UniBoard and related
stuff..  and I don't know if I will be ever able to have all my stuff back.
I have also lost my nervous.com email address, but I can be reached here
as ; I will try to keep you informed about this (very bad) story.
Please, forward this to the alt.bbs.* groups, since I do not have news access
here, and am also missing all the email addresses of my customers and friends..
Wish me luck,
                                  _\\|//_                                   ( 0-0 )
     Riccardo Pizzi, SysAdmin                  Tel:   +39 71 204046
     I.T.A. Informatica e                      Fax:  +39 71 2073033      Tecnologie Avanzate s.r.l.                E-Mail: staff at ita.it

@_date: 1994-05-14 13:11:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: ADMIN: on penet and on paranoia 
Things are much worse than we thought!
Some tentacle has apparently INVADED the account of Eric Hughes, on
HIS OWN MACHINE, and is attempting to RENDER US DEFENSELESS by
undermining our paranoia. These %* Cryptoanarchists are
TORTURING MY SOUL.
HA! I call it our ONLY INNOCULATION against the TRUE PARANOIDS (and
the Giant Adenoids) who seek our destruction.
(paranoia about paranoia deleted, to protect myself from it)
Or, as my friend tmp would plagiarize^H^H^H^H^H put it:
Ah, the SICKENING TRUTH finally come out! --name withheld because of paranoia

@_date: 1994-05-14 14:02:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Message Havens, Pools, and Usenet 
I must be missing something in this recent debate about "message
havens" and "gopherholes." To wit, what happened to the idea of posting anonymously to
newsgroups? This is how folks apparently communicated with BlackNet,
and it worked (I ought to know). Granted, BlackNet was a small
experiment, and message traffic was slight; scaling issues need to
eventually be considered, but we're very far from that now.
Some points:
* Posting to a newsgroups allows piggy-backing on two things:
1. The world-wide distribution (in most cases) of newsgroups. The
newsgroups are distributed to zillions of local sites, making
attempted analysis of who is checking for messages all the more
2. Piggy-backing of use of newsreaders. That is, I can use "tin" or
whatever to scan alt.w.a.s.t.e or alt.test.gif.ignore for reasonable
candidates (more on identifying these below). I can mark some number
of them (the ones I really want plus some number of others) for
forwarding/downloading/whatever to me. All with existing systems.
* How do I know which messages are for me?
1. Maintain the subject line. Not through all remailers, natch.
Suggestion: add a field below the "Request-Remailing-To:" line, like
Request-Remailing-To: foo at bar.baz
Naturally this would be in the last, innermost encrypted message. None
of the earlier remailers could see it. Only the mail-to-Netnews
remailer would see it.
(A variation: If a Subject line _ever_ is nonblank, it is maintained
across remailers. Then the sender can "instantiate" the subject line
at whatever stage he wishes and later remailers will "honor" that
subject line. Yes, the usual possibilities for abuse, mistrust, etc.)
2. Alternatively, consider a two-part message format: header and body.
As Karl, Hal, and others have discussed, a short header (<1K) is still
secure but can be decrypted in reasonable time.
(This is analogous to the "frame bits," or whatever, that are used to
signal the beginning of a message in spread spectrum messages. I don't
recollect the exact name of these header bits, but Phil Karn surely will.)
Using message pools with existing newsreaders, one can go through all
the messages and decrypt the headers. Instead of marking them "read,"
they essentially get marked as "tried." (For various reasons, I'd
recommend calling them "read"--and of course piggybacking on the
existing newsreaders.)
A two-part PGP format would not be inconceivable. Many messages have
multiple parts. (And the Mac uses a "data fork" and "resource fork"
And I am unclear on this idea, but it seems plausible that a shortened
form of the key agreed upon (the recipient's key) could be used as the
title, or the first part of the title. Like the shortened keys
("fingerprints") on business cards and in sigs.
(This needs more work, and I may not have explained it here in enough
detail. An example may help. Alice wants to communicate with Bob,
whose public key she knows (a public key probably generated just for
this set of transactions, of course). Its fingerprint is "6h 34 sO 9h
31 gX 3D ....." Alice replies to the pool, and included just the first
few digits, or up to half or so. This is enough for Bob to immediately
see which messages are probably his (small chance of hash collision),
but not enough for others to know his public key (which actually isn't
"public" in the conventional sense of being broadcast, though it may
be) and thus send their own spoofing messages.)
3. Brute-force. Simply download _all_ messages in a pool and attempt
decryption. This may be nearly as fast--and is certainly more
straightforward--as the header/body approach. Download the messages
and tell your computer to try each one...then walk away and have
lunch. Or let it run overnight for truly large batches. Until pool usage gets much larger than it is today, no big deal.
And if and when pool usage grows, multiple news groups or pools can be
used to increase the "address space." (When the original contact is
made, even between anonymous-to-each-other respondents, a "pointer" to
another message pool can be made. For example, "Thanks, Unicorn, for
responding. Let's continue this in alt.test.images with the subject
line of "Just testing this thing--ignore.")
4. Is this bad "Net Citizenship" to use the Usenet this way?
Consider that a single jpeg file in alt.sex.pictures may be 5000
lines, and there are many such picture groups, and you'll immediately
see that all of the message pool text traffic we could reasonably
write in the next 3 years would fit into a couple dozen of these
files! (Well, work out the numbers to your own satisfaction--the
average Cypherpunks post is 100 lines or so.)
5. I do think the WWW/Mosaic/ftp/lynx approach has merit....and the
same points as above apply:
- have subject lines, added in only after several remailings have
- use a header/body format to allow rapid decryption
- possbibly display part or all of the PGP fingerprint, to allow the
recipient to see which messages are "his." (I maintain that the public
pool/newsreader approach allows for full security; the security comes
from the anonymous pick-up of messages, via wide distribution and/or
"superset pickup" (your own message plus N others, where N is large or
is _all_ messages). Security should not depend on obscurity.)
In summary, message pools represent almost no drain on the Usenet or
on WWW/Mosaic-type systems. Hence, we should use those systems and
piggyback off them whenever possible.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-15 12:39:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymity, Journalism, and the Legal System 
Here's an interesting case involving the use of the anon.penet.fi
remailer for journalistic purposes, in a sensational trial in Canada
that the the Canadian goverment has declared a press ban on. (You may
recall that issues of "Wired" were seized because a short article
dared to mention the press ban.)
The Karla Homolka-Paul Teale case allegedly involves Karla and her
husband killing her own sister during forced sex, kidnapping and
rituallistically torturing and murdering at least one other woman,
videotaping the tortures to show later victims, and--some
Karla Homolka (known to some as Karla the Kannibal) confessed. The
judge in the Teale trial declared a press ban a year or so ago. Since
then, several major Usenet newsgroups have--it is said, though I have
no way to verify this-been barred in some or all parts of Canada.
Ditto for newspapers and magazines.
But "information wants to be free," and information is reaching
Canadians via many other routes. This is causing calls for
crackdowns on the Net. Of direct interest to Cypherpunks.
(There are those who talk about Teale's need for a "fair trial." A
press blackout for over a year, and the threat that anyone who seeks
information or discussed the case will be thrown into the Bastille is
not consistent with the ideals of even a semi-free society. In my
personal opinion, the evidence against Teale is so heinous, so
overwhelmingly convincing, etc., that the trial could and should have
been completed in about 2 weeks after their arrest. I favor
decriminaling almost everything, of course, and then swiftly and
decisively pursuing and punishing murdereres, rapists, thieves, and
child molestors. Sounds fair to me.)
Anyway, as many of you may not be reading alt.fan.karla-homolka (which
is banned in Canada as I hear it...any of our Northern readers want to
confirm or refute this?), here's an excellent summary of how some
amateur journalists are using Julf's anonymizing service to get the
truth out:
(Note that the article was also posted via anon.penet.fi)
Newsgroups: alt.fan.karla-homolka
X-Anonymously-To: alt.fan.karla-homolka
Organization: Anonymous contact service
Reply-To: an52708 at anon.penet.fi
This was a particularly well written article that gives some interesting
background to the the plight of yours truly and a couple of collegues :>
                   The Electronic Ban Breakers
                How three computer users are getting information
                out about the Karla Homolka trial - and why the
                government can't do a thing about it.
                         by Chad Skelton
                        Word count : 1896
The day after Gordon Domm was arrested for distributing
information about the Karla Homolka case, "Abdul" sat in the
Ontario legislature, listening intently to the MPPs discuss the
publication ban.  As Attorney General Marion Boyd fended off
criticism about the ban, Abdul sat quietly in the gallery.  No
one in the legislature that day could have known that while they
were discussing a man who had distributed information on the
trial to 50 people, Abdul, who is responsible for sending some of
that same material to almost a thousand individuals, was watching
them all from above.
Abdul is one of a hand-full of computer users dedicated to
getting information about the Karla Homolka trial out to the
public, in a manner which is more quiet, and much more efficient,
than anything the many other trial ban breakers have done.
With the help of a computer system in Finland, three users known
only as Abdul, Neal, and Lieutenant Starbuck, are becoming the
most influential players in this illicit trade of information. While newspaper pages are filled with stories on the printed ban
breakers, like Gordon Domm, and Frank magazine - the story of
these electronic ban breakers hasn't been told.
Interviewed for the first time, by any member of the media, the
three men gave detailed accounts of their connections to the
case, their methods of distribution, and their reasons for
getting involved.
The first person to tell the electronic community about Karla
Homolka and Paul Teale was Neal, who posted information on the
case before any of the international press stories broke.  Neal,
self described resident of cyberspace, and, "freedom fighter",
claims to have several direct or indirect connections to the
case.  These contacts, he claims, include the pathologist's
office, a nurse at a Southern Ontario Hospital, and a police
officer. Based on the information he received from these sources,
Neal posted one of the first notable messages in the
"alt.fan.karla-homolka" newsgroup.  His message contained details
about the killings, the evidence, and the accused - all in
sickening detail.
Neal delights in the freedom of the electronic network.  Asked
why the courts instituted a ban, Neal concludes the decision was
"wishful longing (on the part of the courts) to be back in the
19th century before the days of the electronic medium."
Asked if he thought his actions were criminal, he replied, "There
comes a time when you have to resist the tyranny of the state. Did the Americans holding the Boston Tea Party think they were
criminals?  In the eyes of the British law they were - but in
their own, they felt they were fighting to uphold some basic
freedoms.  And that's what I'm doing!"
Neal says he decided to tell the network what he knew to, "get
the snowball rolling downhill - if I could post some details,
others could perhaps tell what they [knew] as well."
And others did.
Several people posted rumours and speculation on the case into
the Homolka newsgroup.  Soon the rumours required some sort of
organization, so Lt. Starbuck decided to make a FAQ.  FAQ stands
for "Frequently Asked Questions".  As somewhat of an institution
on the network, FAQs serve as useful information files on a given
topic.  They exist for sex, atheism, movies, and television, just
to name a few.  But in September of 1993, a different kind of FAQ
was created.  September saw the debut of, "The Paul Teale/Karla
Homolka Frequently Asked Questions List".
Lt. Starbuck, the moderator of the FAQ, is a student of Science
at a Southern Ontario University.  In his mid 20s, Starbuck
updates the FAQ regularly as new rumours and information are made
available.  The latest version, "Version 2.1", was released on
February 1st, 1994.
Starbuck posts the FAQ on several newsgroups, and sends it out in
electronic mail to those that request it.  Asked to estimate how
far his FAQ has reached he said it was, "impossible to know how
many people have seen the FAQ posts in newsgroups like
`alt.censorship' and `alt.true-crime', in addition to people who
regularly access (other computers that have it available)."
Starbuck doesn't claim that all, or even most, of the rumours are
true.  In fact, even while widely distributing the FAQ, Starbuck
believes the rumours may be harmful.  "The existence of the ban",
he says, "And the speculation that followed it, are just as
dangerous as not having (a ban)."
Abdul, known as, "the Electronic Gordon Domm", is unquestionably
the most influential of the electronic trial ban breakers.  In
the first few months of the "alt.fan.karla-homolka" newsgroup,
Abdul (still using his real name) was one of the most active
rumour posters.  A student at a Toronto University, in his early
20s, and living in Scarborough - Abdul found himself hearing
plenty of rumours about the case, which he quickly posted to the
newsgroup.  In addition to the rumours, however, he also knew
people with connections to the case, including someone he met at
a party that knew Karla Homolka's sister Tammy, and a friend
whose father was the Durham Region Staff Sergeant.
In the beginning, Abdul posted the information he had on the case
to as many newsgroups as possible - but this led to mainstream
groups, such as "soc.culture.canada" being banned from network
sites, angering many people.  So, as an alternative, Abdul
decided to begin an electronic mailing list, by compiling the
electronic mail (e-mail) addresses of people that wanted to be
sent information on the case.
Newsgroups are like newspapers, and electronic mail is like a
private letter.  Very few network sites will search e-mail, as
they consider it private and confidential.  This allowed Abdul a
method of getting the information about the case out - even
though "alt.fan.karla-homolka" was rapidly being banned at
universities and network sites all across the country, including
the University of Guelph, Toronto, and Waterloo - and Canada
Remote Systems, a computer bulletin board.
As he worked out the logistics of the electronic mailing list,
Abdul was, as he put it, "getting tired of reciting the FAQ at
every party."  So he decided that in addition to his electronic
efforts to get information out, he would also help to distribute
facts about the case in more conventional ways.  This led Abdul
to collect all the articles and rumours he had on the case, and
organize them into one large file he called the, "Teale Tales
Using three printer ribbons, and a full box of computer paper -
he printed over 50 copies of the digest.  "(I) gave them to
everyone I knew, and some I didn't," Abdul recalls, "I left five
on the TTC and three in the washrooms of a Toronto university." Talking to people he gave the digest to, he says, "some of their
copies have been photocopied up to fifteen times."
And while his conventional methods of distributing information
match those of his namesake, Gordon Domm, Abdul's most notable
breach of the ban was, and is, electronic.
When interviewed, Abdul's electronic mailing list was growing at
an incredible rate.  He claimed to have over 800 e-mail
addresses, with 200 of those having signed up within the last
week.  Having directly given the information to at least 800
people, Abdul believes that he has already been indirectly
responsible for giving information on the case to about 10,000
people.  A number that is increasing every day as the electronic
articles and rumours are printed out, photocopied, and
distributed - over and over again.
In addition to sending regular updates to interested individuals,
Abdul is also equipped to provide computer users with exactly
what they want.  With computerized copies of everything from the
Washington Post article on the trial, to a transcript of the
tabloid show "A Current Affair", Abdul has virtually everything
that has ever been printed or broadcast in the foreign press
about the case.  And each article can be requested individually
from his electronic mail address.  Abdul promotes these articles,
and the mailing list, by posting messages in over 30 newsgroups,
telling people how to get them.
Although what Abdul is doing is on a scale much larger than that
of Gordon Domm, or any of the other trial ban breakers, Abdul
insists he isn't afraid of being arrested.  In fact, all three
electronic trial ban breakers said they don't feel they will ever
be arrested for what they're doing.
This is due mainly to the common link of the electronic trial ban
breakers - a computer service in Finland and a Finnish computer
user named Julf.
Julf is a self-employed businessman living in Helsinki, who runs
what is called, "The anon.penet.fi Anonymous Server".  The
server, originally intended for Scandinavians, allows computer
users to post messages and send electronic mail anonymously - by
bouncing it off the Finnish system.  Traceable electronic mail
addresses are replaced with generic anonymous accounts, which
conceal the location and name of the sender, making it next to
impossible for the messages to be traced back to their original
Julf's service has existed for over a year.  He says his
intentions with the server are to, "provide a means for
discussion on sensitive topics without having to fear
repercussions from peers, employers, totalitarian regimes and
fussy mothers."
Julf hasn't actively been involved in distributing information on
the trial, even though his service is involved in cloaking the
information sent by others.  Julf, for whom English is a third
language, isn't even particularly interested in the case.  He
only learned about it when computer users complained that his
service was being used to post information on the trial. However, as Julf puts it, "it is impossible, and unethical, for
me to monitor the over 4000 messages handled by my server every
Julf says the only way that investigators in Canada could
possibly track down Abdul, Neal, Lt. Starbuck, or any other user
posting information on the trial, would be to seize his computer,
in Helsinki, which contains logs of where mail has been sent. However, Julf isn't concerned.  "It would definitely take a
Finnish court," he stresses, "And involve a fair bit of
international jurisdiction juggling."
However, that may all be irrelevant, as it's not even clear as to
whether the police, or Attorney-General's office, are actively
pursuing the electronic ban breakers.  While Abdul, Neal, and Lt.
Starbuck are very hard to identify and locate, they are easy to
contact through the Finnish server.  And all three say they
haven't received anything in electronic mail from law enforcement
or government agencies.
Barbara Krever, of the Attorney-General's Office, refused to
comment specifically on the electronic trial ban breakers, saying
all potential breaches of the ban brought to the attention of the
Attorney General's office are reviewed.  Asked whether there were
people qualified to deal with the electronic breaches of the ban,
Krever refused to "talk about specifics".  She also refused to
comment when asked why the people mentioned in this article
hadn't been contacted.
In the meantime, Abdul's electronic mailing list continues to
grow.  When asked if he had a message for those trying to enforce
the ban, Abdul had this to say:
"There is no way you can stop us.  For years you have tried to
regulate us ... Now we can go wherever there is a phone line,
without you looking over our shoulder.  You'll have to shut down
every phone, every radio transmitter, to keep us quiet."

@_date: 1994-05-15 14:39:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I'll be in LA from 5-20 to 5-23 (fwd) 
Sorry to hit the whole list with this, but 2 out of the 3 recipients
to his message bounced my mail (jpp at jpplap (Jay Prime Positive) does
not work, and "la-cypherpunks at toad.com" is apparently not the name of
the LA Cypherpunks discussion list.
Since several of you have asked about an LA meeting, here's my
Forwarded message:
(I'm just guessing that "la-cypherpunks at toad.com" is the right
address; if not, could someone forward or respond to the correct
I'll be in Hermosa Beach visiting my brother from Friday to Monday,
and would (as I have said before) be interested in attending an
LA-Cypherpunks meeting, presumably on Saturday the 21st. Others have
contacted me about this, but I've told them to watch for the
organizers to announce such a meeting.
Jay PP has said he'd be willing to host a meeting. The moral on these
things, in my experience, is not to wait for some kind of Grand
Consensus, there being no voting or debating goint on. As they say,
"just do it."
Assuming it's on a Saturday, and is not too far away, I'll be there.
("Too far away" might be Riverside, for example.)
Even a small gathering (several people) could be useful...perhaps more
useful than the mega-meetings of 40 or more people we usually have in
the Bay Area.
I hope to hear from you folks.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-16 18:46:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: AOL for Acronym OverLoading 
The NES has been pretty much replaced by S-NES, the Super-Nintendo
Entertainment System. Check it out in any toy store.
Oh, you meant something different? This exemplifies what I believe it
was Eric Hughes who called it "acronym overloading," or "TLA overlaoding." I
have thus dubbed this "AOL," standing for both America OnLine _and_
Acronym OverLoading, thus defining itself by example.
Other cases of AOL:
LCD -- Least Common Divisor, Liquid Crystal Display
CIA -- Culinary Institute of America, Central Intelligence Agency
DOE -- Department of Energy, Distributed Objects Everywhere (Sun)
..and probably dozens more
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-17 11:35:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailer low usage is not surprising 
After a period of not using them much, I just tried several of the
remailers listed in the various summaries by Karl Barrus and Xenon,
and the ad hoc "foo is up again" sorts of messages.
The results were disappointing. One remailer I used to use quite a bit
no longer seems to be working at all, and others still haven't
responded to my ping.
Couple this with other problems:
* one of the hacktic.nl remailers was announced (in a newsgroup) as
going offline because the owner of the laptop (!) it ran on was going
to Spain for a few months.
* other remailers have gone up, down, and sideways...with little
warning or "persistence."
* the "finger" command that was supposed to at one point provide a
fairly current summary, never worked for me. (Sorry, I can't find this
finger report, but the idea was that one would "finger foo at bar.baz"
and a recent ping of the existing remailers would be returned. I tried
it several times, but the results were clearly wrong.)
* I know about both Matthew Ghio's ping program and Xenon's SuperPing
script, but these are both cumbersome to set up and use and will not
exactly make remailer use widespread.
* What I suspect many of us do is to find a remailer that works, that
we get comfortable with, and then use that. This is OK for very
low-grade, casual use, but only for that. And, as I just found out,
when that system vanishes, changes, or otherwise no longer works....
Caveat: I'm not pointing fingers (literally), and I appreciate the
work that has gone into remailers, and the not ignorable personal risk
that remailer operators have incurred. And I am not volunteering
others for more work. But it is certainly fair to comment on the implications of this state
of affairs, right?
* The ad hoc, "it'll be up if I remembered to plug in the modem"
nature of _some_ remailers is not conducive to wide use, especially in
* Experimentation is useful, for new features or for folks just
starting out in the remailer business, but not for stable, longterm,
widespread use. (Maybe we need to have the remailers refect their
experimental, developmental, and production status with some sort of
identifying mark. For example "remailer-X at foo.bar" could signify an
experimental remailer, and "remailer-P at foo.bar" could then signify
that the remailer is ostensibly "open for business" as a
quasi-commercial, stable remailer. Just an idea. Ultimately, I favor
external reputation raters/testers, and this idea is just intended to
encourage people who _know_ their remailers are "experimental" (read:
flaky) to label them clearly as such.)
* Some sort of "reputation" rating, with %availability, would be
useful. Something like:
remailer at foo.bar      37 successes in 41 tries over 131 days
                      11 successes in 11 tries in last 15 days
                      average delay: 3.1 min (including all overhead)
                      supports: PGP 2.3a, 2.4, delays, subject line
remailer at loser.org    3 successes in 39 tries in 128 days
                      0 successes in 11 tries in last 15 days
                      average delay: 47 min (including all overhead)
I will be willing to pay about $10 a year, real money, for someone who will
set this up, reasonably robustly, and then mail me the results on a
daily or weekly basis. (Such a pinging service should be done, I
think, on at least a daily basis, possibly even more frequently, with
statistics compiled about delays, percentage of hits and misses, etc.)
This "Daily Remailing Form" would be an obvious thing to sell: it
represents value, is of relevance to Cypherpunks, and can be bought
with real money (or with Magic Money thingamajigs, at the discretion
of the seller).
It might be "better" for the "rest of us" if this service were free,
as with the finger ping that was to exist at one point, but this free
service fails to incentivize the creator to really make his service
reliable and robust.
* Digital postage is an even more-ideal solution, strongly
incentivizing remailers to keep their systems running. I and others
have written about this extensively, so I won't here. Just some comments.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-17 17:49:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Form Letter, for "What Happened to the List?" 
I believe the "mass mailing" was done by Mike Ingle, and was based on
his list of who posted to the list in some period. (Bart, you
should've gotten it, as you'd made posts in that period.)
I prepared a form letter right after the outage and have been bouncing
it back to those who send "What happened?" messages either to me or to
the list (blindly). This has dwindled down from several per day to an
average of one per day lately. Restoring the list subscription from
backups (I presume backups of toad are made...) may be possible, but
knowing how to use majordomo is a kind of basic competency test, one
could argue, and the list is now presumably pruned of dead-end
addresses and gateways to knowhere. Anyone still in the dark who
hasn't at least sent a message to majordomo, to the list in general,
or to one of the frequent posters, is probably happier off the list.
Here's my form letter, which you are welcome to bounce to anyone who
happens to ask you what happened.
THIS IS A FORM LETTER (to save me having to type the same stuff)
You have asked what happened to the Cypherpunks list.
I don't know, but as of Sunday night, 8 May, there were only about a
dozen or so subscribers. Apparently something happened to the list. I
have messages in to Eric Hughes and Hugh Daniel.
The subscriber list may get restored. I don't know.
[More recent news: The problem is being worked on. Meanwhile, people
are gradually resubscribing manually. Instructions below.]
You can also resubscribe by sending a message to majordomo at toad.com
with this as the body:
subscribe cypherpunks
If this is successful, you'll get a confirmation message within a few
Volume is likely to be low, until things get back to normal.
I hope this helps.
--Tim May, not acting officially on behalf of the list.

@_date: 1994-05-19 12:04:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: AOL and LAM (LA meeting) 
I thought ATM was Adobe Type Manager? That's what it says on the
Windows and Macintosh boxes.
Yes, I forget to include ATM, the worst offender and the proximate
cause of our jokes about AOL. Thanks, Steve.
By the way, while ATM has _three_ major meanings, are there any ohter
such examples? Or even _four_ major meanings?
This will be my last message for a while, as I'll be on the road for
the next week. I'll be in LA and hope to attend the first Cypherpunks
meeting down there. (Speaking of which: I got a note on this from JPP,
but the details were vague, and no address was given. I will try to
log-in from LA....I hope someone posts some details Real Soon Now!
It's better to just bite the bullet and set a time, place, directions,
etc., than to keep the subject open for more "suggestions.")
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-23 00:50:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I posted "gtoal" string to 3 groups 
Just to let you know, I took up the challenge Graham Toal proposed: I
posted messages with the string "gtoal" somewhere in them. For good
measure, I did it in 3 Usenet newsgroups.
I did this more than a week ago, and have not seen any reponse, any
indication that Graham found the messages.
(I didn't announce that I was planning to send the messages, as that
would make it "too easy"--a real signal would not be planned in
advance like this, so I chose to say nothing.)
Any comments from Graham?
If I missed this, I'm sorry. I've been travelling, but think I've at
least _seen_ most or all messages.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-26 13:16:24
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Extropians Justice--some comments 
What the hell does the Extropians list justice system have to do with
the Cyperpunks list?, I hear many of you asking.
It has to do with alternative (to government) justice, reputations,
the handling of flames, and other issues related to crypto anarchich
systems that are by nature outside the scope of conventional
governmental systems. Flames on this list are (fortunately) rare, but
still occur. And the recent Black Unicorn vs. Detweiler dispute shows
that the conventional legal system can come into play.
In any case, I spent 19 months on the Extropians list and was an
active poster, so I have some direct observations to make. I hope they
have some relevance to our own list.
Ironically, I found that the legal code *caused* many flames, for
various reasons. This is my interpretation, and I "assign credit" (in
genetic programming terms) for dozens of flames between various
parties to the existence of a legal code that encouraged/facillitated
the filing of charges and countercharges, the issuance of warnings and
other judgements, and the seemingly endless debate about all of these
issues, as well as of the charges.
In my view, the Extropians justice system, especially as I saw it in
the last several months on the list (I left in January, 1994), was an
interesting experiment, but ultimately flawed, causing many times more
problems as it solved. (Sort of like the real world court system, eh?)
With due respect for Ray here, this worked better in theory than in
practice. The issuance of a challenge typically resulted in each side
firing new volleys of charges, of clarifications, and of boring public
debate about the terms, judgement criteria, who would hold the money,
etc. Ad nauseum. I recall only one fairly positive example: some bet
whose details I have mercifully forgotten that involved Robin Hanson
(sometimes of this list). I recall that whoever lost made a statement
of this, and may have even paid up. (But maybe not.)
In all the other cases I saw, the "challenge" floated around for a
while, got interpreted and reinterpreted over and over again, caused
others to choose sides, and ultimately just kind of fizzled out.
I was once asked to be a judge in one of these stupid, unresolvable
debates about quantum computers (like we're gonna see one built,
right?). I declined. No interest, and pointless. (Quantum computers
are an interesting conceptual topic, but of zero practical interest in
this century or the next. My "Russians Break RSA" satire is about all
the sue I see for this stuff.)
Consider this experience a data point. I'd be interesting in hearing
about more recent experiences, espeically positive ones, but my
observations lead me to suspect there are few. Just because the
"theory" says these bets should uncover Truth and Fairness doesn't
make it so. Decision Duels and Fact Forums are not with us yet.
The best way to dismiss bogus claims is to ignore them.
Yep, I saw this and was pretty surprised to see such forgery, I can't
say who it was who did, as I didn't follow the details. By the way, so far as I am aware, *nobody* has ever been kicked off
the Cypherpunks list. Not even Detweiler, who asked to be removed last
Novemeber or so, as he was entering his terminal phase. There may be a lesson here. A formal legal code encourages "law
hacking" by those with an axe to grind. A formal system which attempts
to cover all possibilities encourages incompleteness, loopholes. (This
is often analyzed as being the result of Goedel's Theorem, which I
suppose it is in an informal sense :-}.)
I like the Cypherpunks system a lot better. Instead of bogging down in
claims, charges, formal bets, adjudication, appeals, etc., there are
relatively few if any rules. Somehow the turkeys end up leaving.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-26 15:46:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Proposal to Use the Extropians List Software 
Ray Cromwell writes, quoting me:
Ah, yes, the Extropians filtering software. As Ray of course knows,
the Cypherpunks list offered to use this software, and discussions
were ongoing for a while. This started about a year or so ago, and
fizzled out last fall. (I now assume some fo the fizzling out had to
do with plans to ultimately commercialize the software, via the "Weir"
Ray and Harry are of course free to choose their strategy as they see
fit. Here's one suggestion:
Suggestion: Offer a subscription-based list remailer which gateways
the Cypherpunks list through the "Weir" software. This could be
handled by Ray & Harry, Inc., or via some customer who bought their
list software to provide such a service.
This is consistent with what Eric has said is OK: subcontractors can
distribue the list with all messages encrypted (as Hal Finney does),
or with naughty words censored, or with only messages containing the
word "Detweiler" blocked (or passed, for the masochists). Solves the
"moderation" problem some people keep saying needs a centralized
It also gives the Ray & Harry Corporation a chance to debug the
software on another list, a list very interested (as Extropians are)
in reputation filters and related ideas.
So then let's see it.
I will pay around $20-30 a year for such filtering capabilities as I had
when I was on the Extropians list. (I'm not sure much more is needed
with the present volume of mail. This may change in the future,
possibly as a result of this kind of software making mailing lists
more tolerable, but for now I'll settle for the simple ::exclude
I suspect 50 of us might pay the same amount. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-27 10:54:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: NSA Helped Yeltsin Foil 1991 Coup 
An interesting article by Seymour Hersh is cited below. It says that
NSA had transcripts of the 1991 coup plotters (and presumably other
Russian leaders) and that Bush passed these on to Yeltsin to warn him.
If true, a serious compromise of NSA's listening capabilities.
Also note the reference to how the coup plotters should've been using
PGP. (Prediction: something along these lines will be added to the
list of reasons why PGP is bad and Clipper is good..."We need to have
Escrowed Coup Plotter Encryption so that we can examine the messages
of coup plotters.")
--Tim May
Newsgroups: alt.cyberpunk
Organization: University of Arizona, CCIT
Lines: 47
Distribution: world
: There is an article on the front page of today's "Independent", a British  : daily newspaper. The headline is "US Agents Helped Yeltsin Break Coup".
: : It describes how Bush passed on transcripts of encrypted conversations  : between the leaders of 1991's failed Soviet coup to Boris Yeltsin.  : Apparently the NSA was not too happy that Bush broke their cover and  : acknowledged that they could read all of the Soviet military's codes.
: : The article reads:
:     "As soon as the coup started on 18 August, 1991, the NSA,
:     America's largest intelligence organization was able to decrypt
:     conversations between the coup's two leaders, Vladimir Kryuchkov,
:     chairman of the KGB, and Dmitri Yazov, the Defense minister,
:     taking place over a supposedly secure landline."
: : It continues:
:     "The NSA's ability to decrypt what Soviet military commanders
:     -- and their successors -- said over their communications system
:     is probably the most significant intelligence achievement since
:     Britain broke Germany's Enigma codes during the second world
:     war."
: : Bush decided to pass this info on to Yeltsin. It enabled him to know who  : in the military supported the coup and who was against it.
: : It finishes by saying that as a result of letting the russians know their  : code has been broken "the US intelligence community may no longer be in a  : position to have advance warning of momentous events inside Russia -- as  : it had months before the coup that brought Yeltsin to power".
: : This information came from Seymour Hersh. It will appear in a forthcoming  : issue of "Atlantic Monthly"
: : I guess the KGB should have been using something secure, like PGP, since  : the NSA can't possibly break that ;-)
: : At least we can be comforted that the NSA is not allowed to monitor the  : domestic traffic. ;-) ;-) : : : 	Ben Galewsky
: -----------------------------------------------------------
: My employer doesn't know I read this group. : They do know I'm posting, though. "Hi Neil!"
: -----------------------------------------------------------
:

@_date: 1994-05-27 12:22:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Unicorn suit 
Inasmuch as my name is taken in vain here, I will respond. I normally
don't argue for my "crypto anarchist" position here, preferring that
my posts on various subjects make the case instead.
All I'll say here on "anarchy" is that it is actually our normal state
of affairs. That is, we don't have "rulers" or "laws" dictating what
food to eat, what books to read, etc., and how to run our
relationships with others. Generally, that is. This is a "market
system," or an "anarchocapitalist" system, if you  prefer. Goods and
services and relationships are exchanged without centralized authority.
The issue of Black Unicorn/Uni vs. Tmp/Detweiler is a can of snakes.
As you know, I've been one of Detweiler's favorite targets, and yet
I've never been tempted to sue Detweiler. Too much hassle. But as
Black Unicorn notes, this is a choice we all have to make, and the
principles should not depend critically on one's personal desires or
dislikes. Although I skimmed most of the tmp postings, and chuckled at his
obviously sarcastic "apology" to Black Unicorn, there are many
aspects of the case that puzzle me still, and I lack the energy to try
to resolve all of the issues. How, for example, did Black Unicorn's true name get revealed to his
distant and less Net-literate furniture customers when even we have no
idea who he really is?
Black Unicorn has certainly made postings that I think are strongly in
line with the ideas I call "crypto anarchist." Does my saying this
constitute some kind of libel on Black Unicorn, should this posting
somehow make it back to the Black Forest or someplace like that?
How did all this propagate so quickly?
It seems to me that Black Unicorn's mere presence in so active a way
on the Cypherpunks list--idenitified in many magazines as being a
hotbed of cyberanarchy, black market discussions, underminer of
governments, etc.--is orders of magnitude more "damaging" to his
reputation amongst staid banking and furniture types than some
anonymous person named "tmp" who makes a claim that "Black Unicorn is
a dirty cryptoanarchist." (Yes, there were more messages than just
this simple claim. I'm simplifying for rhetorical purposes. See Black
Unicorn's long postings on this for more details.)
Peace goes on to say"
What is it about the List that causes folks like Peace and Nalbandian
to ignore the posts they choose to ignore so as to insult us all?
The statement "Neither is it clear whether any of the rest of the
punks really support anonymity." is arrant nonsense.
I support anonymity, and so do lots of other folks. If either tmp or
Black Unicorn had really been anonymous (or pseudonymous, securely),
the lawsuit would've gone nowhere. First, had Black Unicorn really
been unlinkable to his True Name (and, like I said, I have no idea
what his True Name is, so I wonder who does know and how they found
out), then his reputation amongst the Furniture Cartel could not be
damaged. Or, had tmp's identity been similarly secure (via remailers,
servers in foreign countries, posting pools, etc.), the lawsuit
would've been pointless.
I have enjoyed the analyses of Black Unicorn over the past year, but
on this one I think his actions were misguided. He may or may not be a
"crypto anarchist," but his postings here clearly put him in our camp.
For him to now claim damage to his reputation because of being linked
to the majority (I think) view here seems farfetched.
And I think invoking the court system is a dangerous idea. Had this
matter gone to trial--which seems unlikely to me for several
reasons--then it is quite likely that records of the Cypherpunks list
(archives, for example) would have been subpoenaed by one side or the
other to support their case. (I know if I were Detweiler, that's
exactly what I'd do.)
So, Black Unicorn is of course free to do what he wishes. And I'll
admit that Detweiler can be obnoxious. But I cannot support the use of
the legal system in this way and hope this doesn't become the norm for
dealing with postings one doesn't like. I really don't want to see the
cops invading the Net and the courts deciding on what language is and
is not acceptable.
Especially not between two pseudonyms!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-27 14:14:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Unicorn suit 
[This note was written in response to a note from Black Unicorn to me.
He suggested at the end that I could copy the Cypherpunks list on it,
so I have done so. However, I've deleted some of his points, and since
he did not post his note to the list, some context may be unclear.
That's life.]
I'm responding, but only to a few points. Thanks for your comments. I won't repeat my points, so no comment just means that.
Feel free to post your response (what I'm replying to here) to the
list as a whole. Yes, it's long. But it's of more relevance to our
world than most of the stuff that gets posted, especially the endless
forwardings of Chaum's announcement, for example.
Maybe yes, maybe no. I have no hesitation in advocating the collapse
of central governments, as you know. Central governments of both the
left and the right have killed hundreds of millions of people, so the
"dangers" of anarchy look comparatively mild to me.
Of course we all know who he is, for many reasons. If enough people know that Black Unicorn = Fritz Foobar, then the
linkage can be made and the "damage" done. As others have said, you
apparently have some uptight customers. That's not my problem, or
anyone else's who makes the normal kind of comments on the Net. (Tmp
goes beyond normal, but if your lawsuit was centered around the
"damages" aspect, then potentially nearly any of our opinions could be
"damaging" because of your overly sensitive European customers. That's
not right.)
I'd say you have some sleazy friends, then. For them to fax off copies
of what they think of as rants is bad enough, but for one of your
contacts to then "alert" the others is mind-boggling.
Tmp was just using a label. I'll admit the semi-forgery was not
kosher, though these semi-forgeries are transparent to anyone who
looks at the headers.
But calling you an anarchist bent on the destruction of nations is
acceptable characterization in a political debate. If I say Bill
Clinton wants to destroy the health care system, this is normal
political rhetoric. If Detweiler calls me a Satanist, so what?
("What if your customers were Moral Majority Christians?" you might
ask. Then I'd say that all one has to do is tell one's customers the
truth. Under no circumstances can the 'damage" caused by tmp's kind of
free spech be considered assault. I'm a free speech absolutist. That
the comments tmp made came in a heated forum for such political debate
makes it all the more wrong for a lawsuit.)
Even if they do, so what? Not to sound angry here, but suppose I
speculated that Black Unicorn = Fritz Foobar? Would the "damage" that
ensued be my fault? I just don't get it.
That the Cypherpunks list is not public--except when it gets gatewayed
to Usenet, as has happened a few times--is little protection. If I
cite your views--but don't quote them verbatim--in a forum where your
Swiss customers see them somehwo, have *I* committed a crime or tort?
Not in my view, though the law may think so. (I still say it's free
speech, even if "damaging." Many things are damaging...negative book
reviews, unflattering opinions, etc. Sadly, the American legal sytem
is moving toward allowing these "damages" to be the basis for suits.)
The proper and normal response to accusatory rants is to answer them. Are you calling for limits on "accusatory rants"? The Founding Fathers
would not be amused.
I think your reputation would have no lasting damage done to it by
ordinary speech. Even so, Detweiler's rants are clearly broad-brushed
insults, which courts should not regulate.
Your uptight Swiss clients should be taught not be believe everything
they read. Except that Detweiler's "apology" was obvious satire, almost identical
to the "apology" he posted to the Cypherpunks last December. He is
likely now planning a much more massive assault on you and his other
perceived enemies....a campaign of fabricating quotes, arguing with
himself via different pseudonyms, etc.
And now that he knows your uptight Swiss customers are so sensitive, he
will probably try to find ways to let them know about your "anarchist"
leanings. If he's as smart as I think he is, he'll use the network of remailers.
He'll also try to fabricate quotes that make you seem like a truly
vicious money launderer, perhaps with insinuations that your furniture
business is a cover for drug trafficking. (If I were Detweiler,
licking my wounds, plotting revenge, that's what I'd do.)
If this happens, as I predict it will, your recourse will be to either
try to force the remailer operators to produce the logs (so you'll
have somebody to sue), to sue the remailer operators per se (which
will become a test of common carriage, unless they back down),
or--best of all--to tell your Swiss customers that bizarre rants are
the outcome of a society which tolerates free speeech and that they
should ignore all posts allegedly written by you unless the posts are
coming from your site, or, better, have been digitally signed by you.
As Nat Henthoff says, "sunlight is the best disinfectant." OK, I just saw your last paragraph as I was wrapping this up. I'll add
the Cypherpunks list to the distribution. It may be long, but these
issues are at least as important as much of what gets posted.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-27 14:27:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Is Mail being delayed? 
Once again I'm seeing day-long delays in getting mail, and I don't
know if the problem is at the toad site or at Netcom's end (or at a
relay link in between). Hence this message.
I got a message I posted yesterday only this morning, though several
responses had either appeared on the list or been sent to me directly.
And the messages I posted today have not appeared. Black Unicorn
must've gotten it, as he sent me a note and I've just posted a reply,
even though my original article has not yet come back to me.
If you are gettting mail out of order (replies from others before the
original appears) or delayed by more than several hours, drop me a
note if you would and I will summarize what I learn.
I'm especially interested to hear from Netcom sites.
(Asking Netcom Support about bounced mail is a pointless task, as they
are clueless and consistently deny that mail is bounced even when
presented with bounce logs from other sites. And I don't want to bug
Hugh Daniel about this until I've seen some feedback from others.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-27 17:14:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Unicorn suit 
I will force myself to respond to no more than three of Black
Unicorn's points, so as to avoid boring the audience:
No, but so what? Life isn't always fair. Since at most one religion is
right, at least n -1 religions are based on lies, and hence nearly all
religious statements are lies, defamations, etc. The connection with
free speech is deep and important: saying "Joe Blow is a Satan
worshipper" may or may not be true, but it is not the role of the
State to define truth.
What damages result, say, from my statements that Hebrew National hot dogs
are made from the bodies of Christian children and that all good
Christians should thus boycott Hebrew National products is
unimportant. Like I said, damages (and benefits) occur all around us,
but in the absence of a contract or physical aggression, too bad. (If
Hebrew National can collect from me for my rantings, then I ought to
be able to present them with a bill for saying good things about them!)
In my admittedly extreme opinion, this is what cryptography will
produce: essentially unforgeable identities and messages. Joe Blow
will not be able to present himself as you, nor will he be able to
convincingly forge evidence. This is actually the "anarchic" situation we see all around us, in
parties, in office conversations, etc. Even on this list. People make
outrageous claims (we call it gossip) and some claims are believed,
some are not. Often the gossipmongers who make the most bogus claims
find their credibility has evaporated.
Where I differ from many, but am in agreement with the mainstream of
anarchocapitalist thought (cf. David Friedman's "The Machinery of
Freedom" or Bruce Benson's "The Enterprise of Law"), is that I don't
believe businesses/corporations have any different set of laws
applying to them than to individuals. That is, if gossip is not to be
"outlawed" between a group like ours, it shouldn't be if I hire
someone, or hire 100, or hire 10,000. One set of rules for all scales.
There's much to be said about this point; maybe another time.
About two weeks ago, to expand on a point he made. In general, I have
no interest in defending myself against fools who claim I am the spawn
of Satan, a pedophilic sodomite, an anarchist bomb-thrower, or a
Tentacle of Medusa.
Anyone foolish to believe rants like that _deserves_ to believe such
rants! In something that may resonate in a strange way with your Swiss
friends, I call this "libertarian Calvinism." Not only should one not
interfere with one's neighbors lifestyle choices, as a practical
matter, but to interfere is to deny that person the ability to make a
moral choice. Thus, if your neighbor drinks himself into a stupor, or
believes foolish nonsense about Tentacles and Snakes, then so be it.
(Another version: Niven and Pournelle's "Think of it as evolution in
action.") In the context of "defamation," those who believe lies and won't
listen to "reason" (my side) are best met with shrugs. Not perfect,
but better than the alternatives of initiating force against them.
In the marketplace of ideas, all one can do is present ideas and
products as best one can. If competitors "lie" and "defame," that's
life. Ultimately, those who choose to buy a Yugo instead of a Toyota,
based on "lies" about quality, will learn. The truth will out, because
the truth produces greater ultimate fitness (the Toyota is a a better
deal than the Yugo) and the incentives move the market in this
direction. (A lot more to be said here....this is only the tip of the
iceberg on how free markets work even in the presence of "noise.")
To paraphrase a book title (which I refuse to read), "Everthing I
needed to know about free speech I learned in the phrase 'Sticks and
stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me.'"
Call me a free speech absolutist, but I believe that.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-27 17:18:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Unicorn suit 
Huh? Maybe you haven't been seeing my posts (I know *I* haven't, do to
mail problems somewhere). I've been arguing just this point, that tmp
did not initiate force and that the idea of "defamation" is a
wrong-headed idea.
"Sticks and stones" and all that.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-27 22:57:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Assault on Unicorn has Begun 
Earlier today I predicted that Unicorn's satisfaction with tmp's
"apology" would be short-lived, that the so-called apology actually
looked like a dead ringer for Detweiler's "abject apology" to the
Cypherpunks list several months back. I predicted that Detweiler/tmp's
latest "apology" would presage a major new assault.
Faster than I imagined, it arrive tonight. Filled with invective,
forgeries, thinkly veiled death threats, and more accusations that
Black Unicorn is the mastermind of a plot to cause the collapse of
Western governments (let's hope Unicorn's Swiss clients are spared
this one).
Unicorn challenged me today about when the last time I
responded/defended myself against tmp's rants--I said it was a couple
of weeks ago (and then to expand on a point, not to answer the
juvenile rants). Generally, any response, no matter how reasoned, not
matter how measured, produces a ten-fold resonse from Detweiler.
It's pointless to respond. Detweiler is apparently now persuaded that
Unicorn cannot touch him, and plans to go for the jugular. If
Unicorn's True Name and True Phone Number is known to LD as a result
of their recent negotiations (which were apparently moot), I expect
we'll see this soon enough in Detweiler's phony sig blocks.
(Fortunately, in all the months LD has been attaching my phone
number, 408-688-5409, in his various sig blocks, I've never gotten a
phone call asking what the hell is going on. Restores my hope.)
Anyway, the action is raging in talk.politics.crypto.
For whatever reason, Detweiler has to date made only limited use of
remailers. All hell will break loose when he really starts.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-30 15:43:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: IMP (was Re: ecash-info (fwd)) 
David Chaum's work is of course central to Cypherpunks, and has been
for the past two years (since Cypherpunks plans were laid...). Eric
Hughes worked with him in '91-'92, and many of us have talked to him
about these issues. Further, his papers on DC-Nets and digital mixes
(the basis of Cypherpunks remailers) are often cited.
I mention this not to chide or "one-up" Robert, but to make clear the
role that Chaum's untraceable digital cash has _always_ had for us.
The strength of true digicash, even if not yet fully
realized/deployed, is why so many of us are skeptical of half-baked
"digital cash" schemes that turn out upon quick inspection to have
none, or few, of the important features.
IMP-interest folks had an especially naive view, for the most part
(based on posts I saw and things I heard from participants). I wished
them well, but it seemed unlikely that a group of such hobbyists could
build a real digicash system while avoiding Chaum's work!
Even with the smiley, are you implying Cypherpunks don't actually
write code? Some do, some don't. But Cypherpunks remailers are fully
operational, as are message pools, a form of digital money (Pr0duct
Cypher's "Magic Money"), etc.
Digital cash is discussed here often. And every one of the various
"digital money" schemes announced by folks has--I think--been forwared
here and discussed. In my view, Cypherpunks have talked a lot more
about Internet Mercantile Protocols than the IMP-interest list has
talked about crypto (an absolutely core technology, of course).
Hardly. Maybe it will be in the future, but enough infrastructure
pieces are lacking that it can hardly be called a "de facto internet
mercantile protocol." I agree it has huge promise. (I suspect I'm
sounding pedantic in this post...what I'm trying to do is get across
the idea that Cypherpunks are familiar with Chaum's work--or should
be--but that much work remains to be done....merely getting excited
about Chaum's stuff is where many of us were in 1988 to 1992, with the
actual work still lying ahead. And much of the work _still_ lies
(Cf. the soda archives for a "Glossary" and various articles on
Chaumian things.)
(2.) It seems to me that that e-cash, contrary to the status quo's thinking,
Of course crypto and true digital cash is central....this is our whole
message, nearly.
You may be new to the list, but Magic Money/Tacky have been discussed
as recently as last week. And ftp sites have been listed. Also, within
the last week there were several discussions of making the schemes
more "usable by the masses." (Having said this, MM is _not_ an easily
usable, readily-convertible currency or even a payment xfer system for
real currency...again, see the many posts on this.)
I don't think of my comments as flamish, but the comments here seem to
bespeak no awareness of the heavy focus Cypherpunks has had on digital
cash for a long time. That we have not "deployed" digital cash is
related to many factors, including patents, lack of financial
incentive (Chaum's folks have spent perhaps 10-20 man-years and
several million dollars, and Chaum holds key patents...it is hard to
imagine any of us competing head on...and make no mistake about it: a
"Pretty Good Digital Cash" scheme would, on the whole, be a much
larger project than PGP was), etc.
Just my views.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-05-30 18:50:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: IMP (was Re: ecash-info (fwd)) 
In the interests of brevity, I'll make my points without quoting
Robert Hettinga's article.
1. Like I said a couple of times, no flaming was intended. I was only
urging what I ordinarily urge, that super-enthusiastic newcomers get
some idea of context, the better to see how ideas fit together and the
better to avoid making "Cypherpunks are doing enough" types of
comments in any form.
2. Many newcomers seem to arrive on the List
excited about the Glowing Digital Future and then learn that things
are not on the verge of Happening....some of them urge us to "Do
something!" or aver that we are not really "writing code." I think
it's important that Cypherpunks understand that Changing the World is
exciting, and likely, but will not happen easily or casually, and that
most Cypherpunks are not able to work on things full-time, with
budgets, assistants, etc.
3. Enthusiasm is good. In fact, it is necessary. But too many
newcomers arrrive on the list, rail against the lack of progress in
some area they favor, and then either leave the list or become
dormant. A few become coders of important new capabilities, or
analysts of events and directions. 4. I urge all those interested in digital cash, Chaumnian anonymity,
etc., to read the many articles. These have been cited many times, and
are referenced at the soda site. "Scientific American" had an article
in July 1992 on this, for example. And as we have said so many times, the "Crypto" Conference Proceedings
(and Eurocrypt, Auscrypt) carry the key research articles.
5. Robert mentioned "egging Chaum on" with his comments. Let me assure
you all, Chaum does not need egging on by cheerleaders...he does not
even read this List, and the stakes in digital cash are so enormously
high that our comments are as nothing. I'm just being realistic here.
6. What we can do is to continue to prepare for this, to look for
technial or political weaknesses in proposed protocols, lobby others
we may talk to, and so on. Just as with other aspects of crypto.
It is also remotely possible that a Zimmermann-like person (or group)
may develop a PGDC scheme. Maybe. But PGP took PRZ a lot of time, and
that of the v 2.0 crew that helped (many of them on this List!), and
hence it may not be too likely for a while. (Also, absent banks that
will honor PGDC--though some efforts may change this--the challenge
will be enormous. And straight encryption is vastly more
understandable, conceptually and practically, than digital cash
7. The "voice encryption" is probably more important right now, and
much "easier" to implement. It also can be done by independent groups
without as much need for "buy-ins" by institutions. In any case, the "occupational disease" of Cypherpunks is to become
convinced that some facet of crypto is so important that all other
efforts should be abandoned. In the past, we have had folks
strenuously argue that random number generators were crucial, others
that "stealth PGP" was by far the number one priority. And so on.
8. We're an anarchic band. Lots of advantages here (nobody to arrest
and charge with the crimes of the group, strenth in diversity, etc.).
Some disadvantages, of course.
In any case, no budget, no staff, no formal goals, no group projects.
Only what sufficiently-motivated individuals or small groups will
choose to work on.
Thus, most of the "we all ought to work on X" posts are flawed. We may
slip into this language as shorthand for saying we think something is
especially important, but is seriously in error to ever think that we
can make something a "group" goal. This came up in a different, non-technical context several weeks ago
when one bunch wanted Cypherpunks to become a "spokesperson" group
(like EFF), with a database of "resumes" of oppononents of Clipper
("to show that not all Clipper opponents are hippie hackers" or
somesuch) and when another bunch (or one or two people) wanted
Cypherpunks to become a lobbying group. In both cases, failure of the
others to rally behind these proposals produced apparent anger or
frustration on the part of the proponents. Which was too bad, but
typical of an anarchy.
("Herding cats" is the usual metaphor.)
It will likely be at least a few years, in my estimation, before
enought peopole are using this so as to create a market. Meanwhile,
sell your product the normal way...unless the privacy/anonymity issues
are critical, why wait?
Just read the articles. You don't have to be a number theory expert,
debating birthday paradoxes with Eli Brandt, Hal Finney, Jay PP, Eric
Hughes, and the other number theory savvy folks, but some overall
sense of where things are going (and where they have been, etc.) is
best gotten from the literature.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-17 16:41:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailer Blocking and Negative Reputations 
Just a quick note:
Blocking the sources of messages deemed offensive is a "negative
reputation" approach, easily bypassed by creating a new source name.
(And this can be done easily by using another remailer first.)
I'm not arguing for a positive rep system here, as I'm not sure how it
would work. I just wanted to the note that the solution of blocking
offending sources has limited use. (Unless the blocking propagates
back to the first-non-remailer use...require remailers to cooperate on
maintaining a black list.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-18 12:30:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Thread Thread 
The "thread thread," about plastic/metallic threads placed in currency
to track our purchases and control our movements, has some up
again. (I'm reminded to put something in the Cyphernomicon FAQ about
* The threads are an anti-counterfeiting measure, so far as is known.
(I saw a "Nova" episode of counterfeiting, and this was the reason
give. Consistent with the physics, too.)
* A tiny thread cannot be readily detected by "airport scanners," nor
by even longer-distance scanners, unless the gain on the detector is
turned up so high that many other things trigger the detector.
If the threads are mostly plastic, with discontiguous metallic writing
on them, then the detection problem is even harder.
(Caveat: I admit the slim possibility that detectors could be tuned to
resonate with the precise _length_ of such threads. Maybe. Easily
thwarted by snipping, scratching, folding, and of course, RF shielding.)
Dana Albrecht wrote (quoting from alt.2600)
Yeah, right. Everybody does this and the _total number of threads_
increases. Nope. Think about it.
Don't believe everything you read. Imagine what the simplest measures,
like folding your currency and placing it in anything metallic would
do. (For the paranoid, money clips are usually metal. Some are even
full enclosures. Are these to be banned?
I don't want to sound insulting here. Some conspiracy theories are
interesting, plausible, and worthy of concern.
All I'm suggesting is that people do some "due diligence" in
estimating the likelihood of something being true. For example,
another chestnut is the one about how cable t.v. boxes will be able to
use the LED displays as a _camera_ to send pictures back to Big
Brother. Simple physics, as well as the bandwidths and configurations
involved, shows how implausible this is....and yet this urban legend
shows up every few months--even here.
Did you know that flashing your headlights during the day will cause
gang members to respond by killing you? I know someone who says they
saw it happen. Police agencies around the country are warning people
not to flash their headlights during the day.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-18 16:49:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
Hear, hear! An increasing fraction of my e-mail is non-ASCII, and has
this MIME (or whatever) stuff in it. (The Smalltalk list I'm on is
about 50% like this.)
I suppose some messages make use of it, as Eric Blossom's just did (in
allowing retrieval of more stuff, somehow), but a lot of the
"offending" messages just seem to be non-ASCII for the hell of it.
Like Lewis, I find myself to easily delete the message and move on.
(I'm debating just deleting the messsages, which are marked "M" for
Mime, before even starting to read them.)
Personally, I like simple ASCII. No fancy fonts, no embedded graphics,
no Quicktime movies I have to watch, etc.
Just my views.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-18 17:01:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Radioactive Threads 
This thread has become intensely radioactive, so I suggest we drop it
immediately. Nor would I. I worked with radioactive materials in my former life,
and know a fair amount about counting statistics.
To reliably detect a source in a short amount of time would require a
fair number of counts. Details are left to the student.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-18 18:07:34
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
(Not a lot of crypto relevance, except as it relates to progress and
the illusion of progress.)
There's a larger point here, of course, about how much of what we
think of as "time-saving" progress actually _isn't_. Many of the
things I spend time on, ostensibly to eventually be more productive,
will never, ever be "paid back." I won't bore anyone with details.
I have an interesting tale to tell, probably as many of you do as
well. From simple typewriters to dry transfer fancy fonts (which I did
several science faire projects with in the 1960s), back to simple
typewriters in the 1970s, then on to daisy-wheel printers in the late
By the mid-80s, LaserJets, LaserWriters, Helvetica, Times Roman,
italics, PostScript, kerning, leading, Macintoshes, and "desktop
publishing." Vast amounts of time spend prettifying documents that
would just as well have been comprehended if they were simple ASCII!
Then came my Second Coming on the Net (my First was an account on the
nascent ARPANet, circa 1972-3). Portal, then Netcom. From 1988
onwards, my universe was mainly _text_. (Yes, I favor structured
outliners and editors, like MORE and StorySpace, but mainly as a way
to organize ideas. The Cyphernomicon shows htis outline structure.)
No fancy fonts, no kerning, no monomanical focus on "appearance."
I saw that the Net had caused the pendulum to swing away from a
strange focus on typography and back to a healthier focus on ideas and
the arguing of them. Bliss.
But now, in the name of "progress," about half the mail messages I get
have (apparently) fancy graphics in them, causing my screens to fill
up with stuff like "Warning: The message blah blah contains ISO Font
5738937-B2737, which is apparently not installed in this system. You
have these choices....blah blah."
My French correspondents send me messages no longer readable on my
system (elm, Eudora), requiring me to zmodem the attachments to my
home machine for reading with a text editor!
And now that Mosaic and Netscape are such big deals (which I'm not
knocking, though--true to form--I use the character-based "lynx" to
access the Web), I expect a swing of the pendulum in the other
direction, toward a time-wasting focus on kerning, fonts, leading,
whitespace, gutter widths, etc.
Gag me with a spoon.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-18 20:46:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Critias Unmasked! 
Before the (unsigned) reputation of Critias_the_conspirator is tossed
about further, I was the author of the "anonymous" version.
(No, I can't prove this, either, but such is life.)
I wanted to remind folks of just how easy such unsigned reps can be
"used" by others. (No, I don't sign my own messages, due to hassles
with uploading signed messages to my Internet host, but I also rarely
use digital pseudonyms.)
I used the ``TeX'' style of quoting to suggest certain Medusan poster.
In any case, I have come clean, having made my point, I hope.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-18 22:38:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Islands in the Net 
I'm beginning to think the ideas of money, instruments, clearing,
etc., are confusing to a lot of us. Part of it is that various objects
have mix-ins from other classes. Part of it is that the legal system
has its own rules. Etc.
For example, I tend toward Amanda's point of view, that credit cards
"quack like a duck." When I make a purchase with my credit card, and
the thing clears, both the merchant and I act as if we've just
exchanged money. (In fact, one of my "credit cards," with the little
Visa symbol, etc., is actually a "debit card"...when I use it, money
is taken _immediately_ out of my account. I assume--but don't know for
sure--that the merchant's account is credited quickly, if not
immediately. Anyway, there are many forms of "money," with many things that make
the forms "money-like." It's be nice if we could chart out all these forms, see the critical
things that factor in, etc. Has such an analysis been done?
(Especially kept current, with all the various new forms, new rules,
new laws.)
This has come up several times. I'll let others recount what they
The consensus about major banks not offering "anonymous cards" is that
two factors are at work:
1. The public has not yet woken up and asked for a card which
_obscures_ their purchases. (Some people were proposing that we try to
convince American Express, as an example, to issue a "Privacy Card.")
2. Truly anonymous cards, like bank accounts in false names, are not
encouraged in the U.S. Things like Social Security numbers, IRS
reporting requirements (interest paid, for example), etc., all make
truly anonymous cards pretty rare.
(Even the "cash deposit" cards are not anonymous.)
Of course, I'm not saying one can't find ways to get credit cards
issued under assumed identities. It probably happens a lot. But this
is a different issue, I argue.
There could be a legal way to issue true "cash credit cards," similar
to the cash-charged-up phone cards, but I have no idea what would be
needed. Offshore-based cards may still be the best bet, as several
folks (the usual suspects) have noted; a bank in the Caymans issuing a
Visa card, for example. (Though the "Frontline" report on
money-laundering mentioned ATM and credit card "scams" as a way to
launder money that was being stopped, so...)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-18 23:19:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
Well, I've looked at maybe 50 home pages now, with "lynx," and I'm not
convinced that html docs are "much easier to read" than straight text.
Perhaps the "well done" qualifier is what I haven't yet seen (but 50
home pages is a pretty fair sample).
In any case, the problem is not just html. On a Smalltalk mailing list
I'm on, for example, they're grappling with how to distribute docs to
us over the Net. A tower of Babel! Html, Replica (tm), FrameView (tm),
PostScript (tm), and Acrobat (tm) are just some of the options. As of
last night, they (the vendor running the list) couldn't even give us
a _price list_ because they'd generated the price list using the nice
table features of FrameMaker, but then couldn't extract the text...so
we had to wait to get onto their ftp site (limit of 3 at a time) and
"get" the Replica (tm) version! (Replica is like Adobe's "Acrobat.")
(And if _they_ can't get the plain text out of their fancy-formatted
document, how the hell can we get it out and into our spreadsheets?
Answer, by cutting-and-pasting, if it still works. [Please don't send
me "workaounds."])
My point? Much wheel-spinning. Like trying to read Amanda's "X11" GIF,
and then wondering if my Netcom disk quota was being sucked up by a
hidden file somewhere! Or jumping through hoops to download a
PGP-encrypted note to my home machine, decrypting it, only to find a
"Like, wow, this PGP sure is neat! Like, rock on, dude!" message
awaiting me!
I'm trying not to just flame. I see these "neat things" as a tower of
Babel. I see mail breaking down as folks deviate from ASCII and
"overload" it with extra cruft.
I see a proliferation of "gurus" and "wizards" needed to make things
work. [A recurring theme of this note is that people are very helpful,
and send advice. But little of the advice is usable, for various
reasons. So don't send it to me! :-} ]
No, I haven't tried MacWeb, or NetScape, except as demos and on the
machines of others. I don't have a SLIP or PPP connection
(Please don't send me helpful tips on how to get such accounts! It
seems that every time I mention such things, I get several notes
suggesting how all would be solved if I switched to Unix, abandoned
Netcom, got my own T1 line, etc. Folks, I'm flattered that you care,
but the reason I don't have SLIP or PPP is because I haven't bothered
yet. Waiting for 28.8 vs. ISDN to shake out, waiting for a local
provider to appear to my satisfaction--don't tell me about either
ScruzNet or SenseMedia, as I know about them--and, most importantly,
waiting for a _real good reason_ to spend the time switching to a new
set of tools. Right now, I'm not in a hurry.)
So far, "cruising the Web" and looking at pictures of comets hitting
Jupiter or coffeepots about to boil just doesn't cut it. (I get CNN,
so I see all the comet hits I need, at higher resolution. Like porno
images which are sharper, cheaper, and better in magazines, I just
don't "get" the idea of surfing the Net or Web for images.) I'm a text/idea person, as you may have noticed, and the Web is no
substitute for either mailing lists or newsgroups. [And anticipating
more helpful comments, I understand that some folks use Mosaic,
MacWeb, etc., as newsreaders and mailers. Again, I see enough problems
and gotchas being debated to make me want to wait...maybe NetScape 1.1
will be my reason to convert.]
If I'm ranting, I apologize. I'm not angry at any one person, just at
the whole confusing mess it is all becoming. A zillion variants of
PGP, front-ends, shells, etc. A mail system that is rapidly losing its
"lingua franca" status (how ironic that I can't read the mail sent to
me by some French conference organizers, except circuitously). We are getting bogged down in banal details and platform
idiosyncracies. Dozens of platforms, dozens of flavors of Unix and
other operating systems, half a dozen major display options (as noted
above), lots of image formats (at least that's relatively
standardized, to GIF, PICT, JPEG, etc....and yet many people spend
_days_ trying to convert, download, uncompress, read, display, etc.)
There's got to be a better way.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-19 00:31:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
[I'm enjoying this discussion, and think it may have some relevance to
issues about tools and complexity, so I'm leaving it public. If you
don't wish to read it, delete it now. No extras "MIME" screenfuls,
I will try to limit myself to just a few of Jonathan's points.
I wasn't referring to fonts, shapes, sizes, but to logical
organization and overall quality. In my view, fonts and
differently-sized headers rarely make much of a difference. And to the
extent people worry about style sheets for their Web writings, I think
my earlier point about form-over-substance applies.
                                                                      ^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Ah! Now you've hit on a topic of crucial importance! The "if the user
had proper tools, he could read my work" point of view, so often
This comes up in lots of ways. Basically, people just _won't_ adopt a
set of tools, usually, Sometimes they will. Some random points related
to this (I lack the will this late at night to put the points into
proper essay form):
* Backward compatibility. Color t.v. needed to work on black and white
t.v.s...and, indeed, today's video signal will work on sets built in
1948. There are drawbacks to this, of course, but it's often esential.
* ASCII text has heretofore served as the "NTSC" of computer screens,
so that my words, written on a PowerMac 7100AV (video digitizer, etc.)
can still be "tuned in" by a dumb terminal, an IBM PC, and Apple IIe,
* Saying that problems would be solved if only the users would get the
latest tools (and perhaps switch platforms, as their platform may not
support the tools) is like saying that television viewers should
switch to HDTV. They will, many of them, but not for a while.
* (This especially applies to the as-expected advice from some that
Eudora is the best solution to automatically getting MIME-doohickeyed
attachments. Many list subscribers out there just don't have these
capabilities...) The issue is that our clever tools are, in my opinion, burying us. I
don't begrudge folks the fun they have, or the work they get done, by
using these new tools. I may start posting Quicktime movies of
Cypherpunks meetings..."Hit Escape-Meta-Alt-Control-Shift if you do
NOT wish to receive a 650 MB Quicktime file." What I am saying is that I don't plan to spend gobs of times hunting
down JPEG-Diddler 4.7 so I can view an image somebody sends me, or
Acrobat 3.1 ("upgrade is $99 for Acrobat 3.0 owners") so I can read a
Perhaps it is time for us to again poll the list about what tools they
have, what mailers they use, etc. (Done two years ago, pre-Web,
pre-SLIP, etc., mostly to see what mailers and editors needed PGP
hooks the most. A tower of Babel, even then.)
Until, say, >70% of the list has MIME/HTML/Web capabilities, working
without bugs, I say we ought to try to keep our focus on ASCII and not
on sound clips, Quicktime movies, etc. (The "without bugs" point bears
elaboration. When I sue lynx to access a site, get/fetch a file, and
then sz it directly to my home machine, it arrives with a "38376.html"
form, and is unopenable by my apps. When, instead, I skip the
automatic sz, and manually sz it, it arrives as it should be, e.g.,
"Eudora2.1.sea" or whatever. I'm sure someone knows the incantation to
make it work, but this is the nonobvious banality I'm talking about.)
Indeed, we probably all are, in varous ways. But just as an "audio tweak" can spend all his spare time aligning the
polarities of his wall sockets, and just as a desktop publishing
"tweak" can spend all of her time fiddling with spacings, sizes of
descenders, and can print 17 test copies of a page, so too can we get
bogged down in all the neat toys we have to play with.
Me, I think I'm just going on a personal crusade to simplify things.
Computers should not be making my life _vastly more complicated_.
One last note: I read my mail on-line, interspersed with reading
NetNews. Although I have Eudora, and of course use it, I don't use it
for routine work (for one thing, it may take 20 minutes to download my
mail, so I tend to use it when I'm heading out to do something else,
or to go to sleep, etc.). So all the "solutions" that involve using
Eudora are not my cup of tea. That's just the way it is.
The tower of Babel is rising in the shadow of Babylon.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-19 09:49:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How to Mail a Letter 
Well, with the many helpful comments here by fellow Cypherpunks, I've
begun to explore how to use the new Postal Service system. I really
must say that Al Gore's Reinventing Government Task Farce has outdone
The new "PowerVisualMail" system is much more powerful than the old "seal
the envelope, put a stamp on it, and mail it" approach.
But I'm having some problems in the conversion. Perhaps some of you
can help.
I did the Archie search and found the Installer script at
ftp.gore.gov, fetched it, used MIME_Decode on it, checked the PGP sig
to make sure no one had tampered with Tipper's code, then installed it
as a client on my Mac (which I bought AUX for, to run this client).
After reconfiguring metamail and setting the  NOMETAMAIL environmental
variable (under csh, "setenv NOMETAMAIL") to the AUX agent symbol, I
was able to recompile PowerVisualMail to (sort of) run on my system. I
found the new O'Reilly and Associates book, "How to Mail a Letter with
PowerVisualMail," to be very helpful, especially Chapter 17.
I hope to spend the next couple of days ironing out the bugs and
getting my mail client to properly communicate with the
PowerVisualMail agent. But it'll all be worth it! This will all be so
much easier than licking stamps and sending those b-o-r-i-n-g paper
Of course, now I've got to teach my father how to decode my
PowerVisualMail letters...and he doesn't even have a computer yet!
I've told him that PowerVisualMail just runs too slowly on 486
machines, so I'm hoping he gets a 90 MHz Pentium.
And the phone company seems stuck in the Dark Ages, completely
unwilling to accept my PowerVisualMail items! I guess they're just
late getting on the Information Superhighway. Well, sorry I'll be missing today's Cypherpunks meeting in Mountain
View....I'm busy making my life easier.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-19 10:40:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
Well said! The "bleeding edge" is consuming vast amounts of resources.
In my opinion, in this particular area, with little to show for it.
I wasn't arguing that typeset, well-designed books are not easier on
the eyes. I was arguing that the efforts to produce some facsimile of
these typeset books in mail and News messages is a disaster. Line
length overruns, weird formats, etc.
(Since I'm on a roll with my ranting, let me rant about the explosion
of > 80 character width messages we're seeing. People have large text
windows, apparently, probably loaded with Hiroshige or Stone Serif or
whatever proportional font they like. Then they dump this into the 80
character world and, voila!, garbage. Netcom's new "Mosaic Lookalike"
does not even have an easy way to set the column width, unbelievably
enough! Hence the proliferation of NetCruiser ugly posts.)
Oh, I'll go along with this. After all, this is partly why the terminal
standard is about 80 columns (there may be some FORTRAN and CRT
technology of the 1970s reasons as well).
My last, hopefully, word on this subject is that Arthur C. Clarke
wrote a short story about this whole matter. "Superiority." It was
regularly used in a class at MIT as an illustration of the dangers of
constantly being on the bleeding edge (before that term was invented)
and of becoming obsessive about having the absolute latest technology.
Eric's analysis in terms of Coase-type "transaction costs" is another
way to look at this. I shouldn't have to buy a shelf full of O'Reilly
and Associates books to do what I used to be able to do easily.
(Indeed, some people _love_ to buy such O'Reilly books. And some of
these books are indeed wonderful, teaching people how to do things
they couldn't have done before. Perl and remailers, for example.
Different strokes.)
I really do feel we're on the edge of chaos here. Every day that
passes I get more junk mail, more MIME mail, more > 80 column mail,
etc. Yes, the solution is for me to either filter this junk out
or to jump out out to the bleeding edge myself.
But many people won't. We risk losing our lingua franca in a
transition to chaos.
Complexity can be its own punishment. By not making having e-mail
easy enough to use, and by not having direct dial e-mail, most of the
business community adopted the much-inferior fax machine in the 1980s.
Much inferior in ways that are obvious, but also much more
"understandable." (You load your paper in the tray, dial the number of
your party, and it is done. No O'Reilly books need be read.)
John McCarthy wrote a great piece several years back on why and how
e-mail failed and fax machines won. E-mail is now making a serious
comeback, but may again stumble if ordinary users have to read books
on how to create PowerVisualMail clients and configure their SETENV
and CHARSET parameters!
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-20 00:33:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
I agree, and made exactly this point at today's Cypherpunks meeting,
during Raph Levien's talk on his "premail" work. (Note: Colin Plumb
was also there, amongst others.)
I expect to be switching to Netscape, or something similar, and a
SLIP/PPP connection. So I'm all in favor of integrating things. And I agree that "Network" (Microsoft is preparing copyright
infringement suits against all those also using the term they invented
last week) will account for the majority of Net connections soon.
Being built into Windows 95 will ensure this.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-20 00:36:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: usenet-to-mail 
Not in my FAQ. I may put them in.
By the way, I liked you in "Phantom of the Opera." Have you left
singing for computers?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-20 01:05:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) "Process Mime Article y/n?" 
There was a lot of hilarity at today's Cypherpunks meeting, about the
MIME/complexity thread. Others are reporting similar experiences, percolating into newsgroups:

@_date: 1994-11-20 21:26:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Erratic Primitives of Shifting Parameters 
Apparently the Army War College has some choice views on the
Caveat: This item apeared in talk.politics.guns, from a self-described
Idaho Minuteman. If these things offend you, read no further.
Erratic Primitives of Shifting Parameters need encryption, too.

@_date: 1994-11-21 11:25:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: New Opportunity for Anonymous Reamilers 
Several universities are taking steps to limit student and faculty
access to the Internet. Carnegie-Mellon U. is limiting access to a
number of newsgroups--and has said that students who attempt to
circumvent the restrictions by using gopher and such, will be
disciplined. McGill U., in Canada, is revising its code of behavior to
allow random searches of student files, limits on access, etc.
These moves are being widely discussed elsewhere, so I won't here.
My point here is to note a major new set of opportunities to
publicize the use of PGP and remailers. Students at these afflicted
universities can be given help in circumventing the new rules.
Here's an example (not posted by me):
Newsgroups: can.general,can.legal,alt.comp.acad-freedom.talk,comp.org.eff.talk,alt.privacy,alt.activism,alt.privacy.anon-server,alt.society.civil-liberty
Organization: J. P. and Associates
Sender: remailer at jpunix.com
Distribution: inet
McGill students seem resigned to the fact that the administration will
soon take away their electronic privacy by unilaterally changing
the student code.
Some are now advocating the widespread use of PGP and anonymous remailers.
A Web page will be created to allow non-experts easy form-based access.
... oh yeah, I bet in January we'll hear that PGP and anonymous email
are prohibited on McGill computers.  ;-(

@_date: 1994-11-21 16:21:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Chance Encounter with Brad Templeton, of ClariNet 
More on why non-U.S. remailers are so important.
Last Saturday night, after the Cypherpunks meeting and dinner, I was
giving Colin Plumb (a Toronto person) a ride to the hotel he was
staying at in Los Gatos. We stopped at a mega bookstore (Barnes and
Noble, Santa Clara) and ran immediately into yet another Toronto
person (ex, actually), Brad Templeton, well-known as the operator of
ClariNet. (I've met Brad many times, but he still doesn't remember my
name or what I do, which says something interesting about one of us.)
Brad heard the word "Cypherpunks" and gave his views on things. I'll
summarize in bullet form, as I lack the time to formulate his points
in full paragraphs.
* Brad was initially unaware that "fully anonymous" remailers exist
("fully" in the sense of no records of who is who, not in the sense of
perfect security against NSA type of opponents). He thought
Cypherpunks remailers were some variant of Julf's type.
* When he grasped the basic idea, of chained mixes, he got quite upset
and said they were "threats" to his business. (Anonymous forwarding of
ClariNet articles happens, of course. Brad was expecting that he could
get a court order, if it came down to that, and was shocked to hear
that the Cypherpunks model does not make this possible.)
* I shrugged, and said that, longterm, copyright was dead as we know
it today. I pointed out that dozens of Cypherpunks-style remailers are
operational, including many in Europe and elsewhere.
* Brad: "Then they'll be outlawed." * As we debated this in the aisles of the bookstore (a true Silicon
Valley scene!), he formulated the view that a person like him probably
needs to file lawsuits to get them declared illegal on the basis of
being "attractive nuisances." As he put it, "like unfenced swimming
pools in back yards."
* "And what about the non-U.S. sites?," I asked. He had no good
answer, except that maybe laws restricting access to non-U.S. sites
would have to be considered. (I didn't get into the obvious issues
about the impossibility of doing this, of stego, etc.)
* Brad also expressed the view that the recently passed Digital
Telephony Act would "force" remailer operators to make their traffic
available to the proper authorities. (I disagree, from my reading of
the DT Act, but didn't debate it with Brad. And of course it's real
hard to get those sites in Russia, Holland, and other countries to
obey U.S. rules. Not impossible, hence our need for vigilance and for
proliferating sites as rapidly as possible.)
I debated not writing an "incident report" to you folks, being as how
Brad is not on this list and is basically uninformed on the details of
our remailers, but I feel that a "heads up" is warranted.
Brad and ClariNet have already caused one remailer to go down (the
operator of it has commented here before and of course can do so again
if he sees this), and his comments Saturday night cause me to think he
may be considering a test case of some sort. (He is fearful of losing
his Associate Press/etc. franchise if he fails to enforce his rights.)
So, I draw several conclusions from this, and from the comments in
this thread:
1. Get as many _remailer accounts_ offshore as quickly as possible.
2. Separate the "ownership of a machine" from "remailer accounts."
There is no good reason for the owner of a machine that does remailing
to actually be doing the remailing. And many good reasons why a
particular machine should have _many_ separate "mail accounts" that
actually are the remailes. (This is the "remailer-in-a-box" I've been
pushing.) (For one thing, the ECPA protects the mail, and allows the machine
owner to adopt a "hands off" stance. For another, an "abused account"
can simply and quickly be killed, with new ones taking its place!
Think of the benefits.)
3. I think the "intellectual property" industry (Brad and Friends)
will be looking at remailers and anonymous systems more carefully.
Legislation _could_ come out of this. I don't expect anything soon, as
Brad is just now realizing the implications....
4. However, I think it's impossible to stop all these things, for
reasons well known to all of us. Brad's "attractive nuisance" idea
won't fly, not if it means that e-mail must be written on "postcards,"
and not if it means Americans can't send e-mail outside the U.S.
(These are standard Cypherpunks issues. I didn't try to educate Brad
about the impossibility of banning encryption, about the alternatives
available, about steganography, etc. He seemed so wrapped up in
the idea of "doing something!" that arguing the CP agenda would have
been a waste. Plus, I was tired.)
So, not a cause for panic, as he will probably do nothing. But just as
Adm. Bobby Inman's comments give some insight into the position of the
intelligence community, Brad Templeton's comments give insights into
the coming battles over intellectual property.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-21 17:08:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Pentium bug and CRYPTO 
We do indeed deal with "big numbers," but big INTEGER numbers. Whole
The Pentium FDIV bug shows up only, so far as is known, with certain
floating point numerator/denominator combinations. No crypto
computation I can imagine would use the FDIV instruction.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-28 18:48:35
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A possible solution 
Indeed, different things are meant by the overloaded term "anarchy."
Three fairly different meanings are in common use:
1. Anarchy(1) -- Chaos, lawlessness, people killing each other at
will, law of the jungle, mother rapers, father rapers, and other
"anarchic" things. This is thee "popular" notion of anarchy,
associated with bomb-throwers, nihilism, terrorism, and disorder.
(Never mind that most terrorists work for political causes, and that
most nihilists are too deeply into their coffee house discussions to
do anything.)
2. Anarchy(2) -- "Whoever denies authority and fights against it is an
anarchist." (S. Faure) Social change through communal self-ordering,
etc. (I'm not an expert in Anarchy(2), and I for sure don't have the
rhetoric down!) Often associated with left-leaning views. Also linked
to "anarcho-syndicalism." Georgee Woodcock's "Anarchism" is a good
introduction. 3. Anarchy(3) -- Anarcho-capitalism. (Not to be confused with the
arachno-capitalism of the Web, or th narco-capitalism of the CIA.) The
free-market, libertarian approach of people choosing who they will
trade labor, goods, or money with. David Friedman's "The Machinery of
Freedom" is a good place to look.
Most anarchy(3) supporters would argue that anarchy(2) implies
anarchy(3), that some people will have more wealth than others for
"normal" reasons (greater talent, harder working, willingness to be
bond trader instead of crystal healer, etc.). I lack the will to make
the arguments here. Robert Nozick's "Anarchy, the State, and Utopia"
is a thoughtful argument in favor of Anarchy(2) leading inevitably to
Anarchy(1)--people killing each other at will--is of course what
America and many other countries hav as the default. Conclusions are
left for another time.
The links to crypto are very clear:
strong crypto  --->  anarchy(3)
Which is what I call "crypto anarchy."
Lots of discussion of this in my Cyphernomicon FAQ.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-28 23:37:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "You aren't following the _rules_!" 
Yes, do it! Do it now! Do it tonight! I spend too much time reading
this list as it is, so this new requirement will actually mean *less*
time spent in e-mail, as I'd have to leave the list. Go for it!
You see, I'm reading with elm (on-line) or Eudora (off-line). And not
always both. It depends on what I'm doing.
(Standard request: Please don't send me advice on how _you_ are happy
with Slackware Linux v.3.845 running pine 3.4 on your Pinto-um box. Or
how you run PGP on your campus machines. Etc. I'm happy that you're
happy, which ought to be enough.)
I have little means of solving the Netcom-Macintosh-elm-Eudora issues,
and I don't see others solving them especially cleanly or usably, so I
expect that the "sign your messages or else" dictum would have a
predictable result, for me.
And isn't it up to the _readers_ to decide if they don't want to read
my messages because they think I'm not being diligent enought, or
because my messages appear to be forged?
Isn't end-user choice the core of the Cypherpunk ethos?
"You can't be an anarchist....your messages aren't formatted
according to the rules."
Can we get back to reality?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-29 03:03:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Market for Crypto--A Curmudgeon's View 
I have to apologize for the length of this piece. It's almost 3 in the
morning, and I've spent far too much time writing it.
It's just that my "rant buttons" are pushed by an argument I'll call
the "crypto isn't being used by enough people, so we'll have to make
our own lives harder to set an example" argument. Some would call it
the Self Flagellation Argument.
There's a larger issue, of why crypto is not being used in the way
some of us think it _should_ be being used. Why no digital cash? Why
no common use of digital signatures in the business world? Why isn't
everybody (or anybody?) time-stamping their lab notebooks and song
lyrics? Why, why, why?
I've developed some views on this. Some have come from watching my
nanotechnology friends exhorting the world to develop nanotech, some
have come from my 20 years in high tech, watching the "gotta succeed"
technologies get bypassed (remember holographic memories? Integrated
Injection Logic? laser pantography? aptical foddering? artificial
intelligence?). And on the "self-flagellation" front, I participated
in well-intentioned experiments on other mailing lists, in which it
was hoped that certain desired evolutionary outcomes be "facillitated"
by list rules and regulations....how they failed is another topic.
And of course I've devoted several hours a day to this list for more
than two years. A lot of stuff to draw some conclusions from.
So, here it is. Not a polished essay, but as polished as it's likely
to ever get.
The issue that keeps coming up is a familiar one to economists: is the
success of a product determined by the "push" of customer demands for
such products or by the "pull" of available technology? Did customers
demand the microprocessor or did companies like Intel demonstrate a
technology and thus pull customers in?
(The possible subject of much debate. Examples on both sides. An
exercise: which model does the Web/Mosaic combination fit?
As it relates here, there seem to be two main camps:
1. The Pushers. Those who believe that encryption and related
technologies (digital cash being the most obvious) will "succeed"
(become popular, profitable, etc.) when there is *customer demand* for
it. Some purpose, some economic gain, or some recreational benefit.
2. The Pullers. Those who believe that these technologies will success
because they are so compelling as to pull customers in.
Orthogonal to these are the camps regarding how to *proselytize*
A. The Preachers. Spread the word, educate the masses. Make crypto
necessary to access information. (Whether for the Pushers or the
Pullers, the Preachers believe that the key to the success of crypto
lies in _convincing_ others to use it.)
B. The Pragmatists. Whether pushed or pulled, crypto will happen when
it happens. When the time is right--technologically, economically, and
socially, perhaps--crypto will find its uses.
(I could, as as my wont, write more on each of these. But I'll resist
the urge.)
The graphically-oriented may imagine this as a map. With ranges of
Various of you fall into various places on this map. Some argue that
lawyers should relocate to the Caribbean tax havens to "service"
Cypherpunk needs (no insult intended to the proposer of this scheme,
but this a classic "2A"--the Preacher-Puller. Also known as the "If
you build it, they will come" view.).
Others argue that Cypherpunks should "practice what they preach" at
all times (not surprisingly, a trait of the Preacher). Well, I think you can see where I'm headed.
I happen to believe that strong crypto, of the sort I am interested in
(though not necessarily using/advocating/proselytizing for), will
become common at some time in the next decade or so:
- when markets have arisen which can make use of, for example, digital
cash. (This could be next year, with NetCash or VisaBits...it's always
hard to predict exact markets.)
- when the current protocol problems which make all of this crypto
stuff so _complicated_ to use ("To spend a DigiDime, first create a
client on a 4.3BSD-compliant server....").
- when other interesting technical problems well known to us--such as
issues about double spending, revocation, etc.--are better solved.
(Yes, I am saying that we are probably a couple of years too
early...the Crypto conferences are still generating new results.
Perhaps someone will pull it off, but it is by no means obvious that
all the pieces are ready to go.)
- and of course when everyone is just a little bit better
net-connected, when e-mail is more robust, when agent technology is
more mature, etc.
So, I guess this makes me a "Pragmatist." No point in preaching. (And
before a smart aleck claims that my presence on the list, and my
posts, and my FAQ, etc., makes me a "Preacher," think about it. Once
can be interested in an area, want to see it become a reality, without
being a Preacher. The microprocessor happened for a variety of
reasons...proselytizing was not one of the main reasons.)
As to Pusher or Puller, I'm in both camps. Certain market needs--in
areas like online commerce, Web publishing, even money
laundering--will push the existing technology "from the bottom up."
Thus, brain-damaged "electronic purse" schemes will be broken, will
need to be fixed, and so folks like Chaum and Brands will license
their results, consult, etc. This is how most products evolve, kind of
haphazardly (in the sense that previous history exerts a strong
influence...the reptilian brain in us, etc.).
At the same time, the purer technologies--such as DC-Nets and other
abstract ideas--will pull from the top. (It can be argued that the two
are really the same, displaced in time. Thus, yesterday's exotic
technology that "pulled" is today's "pusher" tool. Digital signatures,
for example.)
I'm all for exploring, for folks going off and doing their thing, and
for trying to commercialize ideas. (The joke that the only people
who've made money on crypto are the book publishers is not far from
the truth. RSA Data has, despite its obvious situation, never paid a
dime to its early investors (so says Alan Alcorn, inventor of "Pong"
and an early investor in RSADSI). Zimmermann sure hasn't. I assume
Cylink, Crypto AG, and some of the others have some profits, or at
least not continuing losses, but none of them are powerhouses.)
The Glorious Crypto Revolution may happen. In fact, I'll bet on it.
But the precise form is unknown. And it won't happen because a bunch
of people decided to "prove the technology" by sending DigiFranques to
each other in a toy market. (The HEx market on Extropians showed the
failure of this...as have some experiments here.)
And it won't happen because we all sign our messages, any more than
wearing secret decoder rings ushers in a new political regime.
(I'm much more interested in ensuring that signing of messages, or
encryption of them, cannot practicably be outlawed than I am in
"spreading the word." If having lots of folks using crypto makes a ban
less likely or less enforceable, then of course I hope more people use
crypto. But this is not the same as saying we should all be "setting
an example" and thereby _cause_ this widespread use. Or so it seems to me.)
Push and Pull, Preachers and Pragmatism.
Find the "Killer App" that people want, and there you are. Web/Mosaic
is the current killer app. (And ironic that so many people preached
the wonders of hypertext and Xanadu...including several people on this
list (and I agreed with them, by the way)...but nothing of
significance happened until the WWW and browsers ignited the
phenomenal explosion of the past two years.)
And if you can't just "think up" the killer app, find an area of deep
interest and focus on that _for the pleasure of it_ (and for the
profit of it). Somebody who, as an example, can apply agent technology
to crypto, may find himself in the thick of things in 1998.
I guess I'm reacting to the pervasive mood of "We've got to *do*
something!!" that keeps coming up. I'm skeptical, because of the
push/pull points, and because a bunch of scattered, part-time workers
who rarely meet, who are all going in different directions, etc., is
not exactly a team likely to build a new product. (In nearly every
case I can think of where a significant technology or product was
developed, some kind of focus was needed. Usually geographic, and
usually economic ("Finish this or you're fired," to put it bluntly).
(Some may cite the PGP 2.x effort as a good example of Net
collaboration. I wasn't in on it, but in talking to some of those
who've worked on it, my impression is that the focus was still there.
Provided by Phil, and by the _existence_ of PGP 1.0, an examplar that
could then be added to, worked on, etc. Remailers are a kind of
In any case, the notion that a bunch of us--students, dabblers,
activists, engineers, etc.--can somehow create a finished product, or
a company, as some folks periodically try to argue for ("Let's do a
company!"), is not too likely. (I was going to say "is crazy," but
some may think I'm already being insulting enough. Believe me, my
intent is not to insult any of us.)
Crypto is happening. In bits and pieces. As is to be expected. But
then, I'm a pragmatist.
--Tim May
 -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
 Version: 2.7
 -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

@_date: 1994-11-29 10:24:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: popularising digsigs 
Quite so. By analogy, the *safe* industry (vaults, not the modern
thing) evolved by _insurers_ charging higher rates for weaker safes.
This directly, in the present, incentivized a merchant to invest in a
better safe. He didn't need to be _persuaded_ by the 1894 "Safepunks"
mailing list that better safes were a good thing.
In other words, we're at an early, immature stage of crypto. Yes,
really. I agree that some well-publicized events could accelerate the use of
crypto, could galvanize improvements in user interface, etc.:
- a lawsuit such as Ed Wilkinson mentioned (a nit: from my
understanding of burdern of proof, the burden would lie on X to prove
that Y libelled him, not on Y to prove that he didn't write the
- evidence of massive corporate espionage could accelerate a
conversion to an "encrypt everything" mode.
- a patent dispute that gets settled because of time-stamping of lab
notebooks...this would make "Electronic Lab Books" de rigeur. (Budding
entrepreneurs may want to keep this in mind.)

@_date: 1994-11-29 12:26:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Market for Crypto--A Curmudgeon's View 
As "all crypto is economics," the question is "why?" Why delay/bounce
messages that don't fit someone's idea of proper usage?
Not to trivialize this proposal by frivolously insulting it, but
consider a mailing list that decided to delay/bounce any messages that
were not written in TeX, or in Acrobat, or whatever. How would people
react who lacked these capabilities, or preferred to use alternatives
(like simple unadorned text), or who merely object to an enforced
If there's a good reason, fine. Or if the "owner" chooses to set
arbitrary policies, fine. "My house, my rules" and all that.
I don't want to open the pointless debate about who "owns" the list.
I'm relatively happy with the way things are: John Gilmore owns the
toad machine and lets us use the CPU, etc., Hugh Daniel performs
various maintenance actions on toad, and Eric Hughes is the de facto
chief operator of the list.
But that Eric--or John or Hugh or anyone else--has some notions of
what people _ought_ to be using does not seem to be enough to
effectively bar those who helped form the Cypherpunks group (many of
us) just because they choose to communicate in one particular way.
If some flavor of PGP is mandated, I expect I'll unsubscribe (as I
can't stand reading but not posting...lurkers obvious feel otherwise).
Absent a compelling reason, a market reason, why bother with someone's
notion of ideological reasons? If people feel my unsigned messages are
ideologically incorrect, they can not read my stuff. I didn't address the timing because it's not the main issue. I agree
that a year-long delay would lessen the effects, but it's still unwise
to let ideology interfere with communication. (For example, if I ran
the list, instead of Eric, perhaps I'd insist that all posts be paid
for in digital cash...or bought, or whatever. Lots of folks would be
justifiably concerned that my ideology was getting in the way of
letting folks communicate as they see fit.)
(Like I've said, anyone who doesn't want to read unsigned posts is
perfectly free to filter out unsigned messages.)
What about the *bounce* plan? If my posts get bounced, that'd qualify
as making my life harder. Or so it seems to me.
I can imagine many such actions that would make many people's lives
harder. A requirement to post in TeX, a stipulation that all posts use
a certain format, academic rules for footnoting, etc. All of these
sorts of "rules" can and do make lives harder. (I'm grappling with
specific format requirements for a paper to be published in a French
publication. Such format requirements have their advantages, and I
don't dispute the right of the French publishers to impose them, but
they undisputably make the lives of authors harder.)
Again, I thought the proposal was to ultimately reject non-signed
articles? That's a bit more that merely "being marked as a
Speaking of this, it's already pretty clear who signs and who doesn't.
What could be clearer than "----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE---"?
Why is anything further needed? If the proposal is to stamp a scarlet
letter on non-signers, it seems overly harsh, somewhat petty, kind of
insulting, and not needed. Cypherpunks can clearly see who signs, who
doesn't, and can decide what they wish to do with messages.
I don't wish to sound angry, as I'm not, really. This is a fascinating
issue unto itself, worthy of discussion.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-29 22:25:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: signing messages 
(I haven't been getting list mail all day...just a few message getting
through Netcom's mail bouncer, so....)
Several points, and I'll try not to repeat points I made in my long
essay of early this morning:
1. Only one person has reported to me that they were unable to verify
my PGP sig (Lance Cottrell reported this...if others did, maybe their
messages haven't gotten through to me)). From this I conclude that few
people check PGP sigs.
(The "PGP 2.7" and the ASCII message in the sig might've provided some
clues.) 2. This does not make such sigs useless of course, as the main value
is in "critical" situations. (Legal cases, forgeries, diplomacy,
contracts, etc.)
3. Again, crypto is about economics. In the military, crypto is a big
part of operations (maybe 5% of staff on ships is connected with
crypto, communications, etc.). But the military has real needs, and
can afford (via our tax dollars) to have such efforts. Most of us are
not dealing with such critical uses.
4. Speaking for myself, I have not generated or transmitted a file I
felt *needed* to be signed, encrypted, etc. This is not to say such
situations don't exist for others, won't someday exist for me, etc.
Just things as they now stand.
(When contracts are handled electronically, when payments are made
electronically, etc., then such uses will be more apparent. But I am
fairly open about my politics--indeed, I fly the flag of crypto
anarchy in visible places--and have few files I transmit that I need
to encrypt. Your mileage may vary.)
5. The Detweiler thing was amusing. No such thing as bad publicity
(unless it's the Pinto-um RISK chip). Detweiler's forgeries had no
legal effect on me, no lasting effect. Also, those who were  "taken
in" by his forgeries would hardly be in a position to verify my sig
(to know who I was, to look up my PK on a keyserver, to jump through
the hoops needed, and to ensure that the "Tim May" they checked was
not in fact a phony keyserver entry...the several "BlackNet" public
keys, only one of which I generated, are instructive).
I don't discourage anyone from using crypto, from signing messages,
from routinely encrypting, etc. I just reject arguments that crypto is
"essential," today, when in fact it clearly isn't. Crying wolf and all
In 2-4 years, a lot of the current incompatibilities and lack of
usability will have been worked out. About the time I expect to
actually _need_ to use more crypto.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-30 01:46:27
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
I think this analysis is misleading. I leave it to readers to analyze
the history of the list, the role of the early members, and the
contributing contributions of the hundred or so active posters to
decide if this analysis is correct.
As to characterizing the posts here as "I'm not going to do it, wah
wah wah," this is too insulting to comment on.
Funny, I don't recall Eric ever claiming it was "his house" to do with
as he wishes. Seems to me that the list is an emergent entity,
presently being centrally distributed off a machine owned by John
Gilmore (is the list then his house?), being maintained by Hugh Daniel
(his house?), and generally managed to the extent management is needed
by Eric Hughes (his house?). But a lot of others have contributed. No, we are not making "demands,"
nor are we calling for "a democratic vote."
I happen to think Eric is quite wrong in thinking that "behavior
modification" is needed, or practical. The list has done very well for
the past 26 months without rigid rules, and has never even had a
person kicked off the list (who didn't ask to be removed, back in the
pre-Majordomo manual processing days)).
To begin behavior modification now, with many of us unwilling to
convert to systems which would make conformance practical, seems
In any case, that's a separate issue. Suddenly declaring the list to
be the personal property of Eric to do with as he pleases--a claim I
have not heard from Eric--is another category of issue.
I frankly don't know if it makes sense to say anyone "owns" the list.
(We went through this several times on the Extropians list; the
Extropians mostly solved this situation by having the list the formal
property of their Board of Directors. And yet debates naturally
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-30 11:08:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
An issue of subtlety. I made no "commie" claims.
I made no mention of "unfair" or "unjust." As I recall, I used the
term "unwise" once or twice. Others have made similar points about
compulsion and behavior control. (And we should avoid any nit-picking
about how Eric cannot possibly use "compulsion" because it is his
list, blah blah.)
This is a straw man, as I have made no mention of "justice."
Good to end on agreeement.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-30 12:19:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Strange logic. I indeed mentioned experiments and debate on that list,
but hardly transferred any mention of "justice" or "fairness" on
_that_ list to _this_ list.
First, I don't accept this last point: issues of "ownership" and
"control" are more related to policy, access, and rule enforcement
than to issues of "what is just and fair." I rarely argue in terms of
justice and fairness, so please don't imply that I have done so.
Second, my discussion of the "ownership" and "whose house" issues was
more nuanced than a simple "You also make the claim that Eric does not
own the list."
(To elaborate on this, I claim that the Cypherpunks list emerged in
1992 as a gathering/meeting/club/gang of folks with converging
interests in the topics at hand. We began to meet, to converse. A
mailing list was created by Hughes and Daniel, running on the machine
owned by Gilmore, to meet various and diverse purposes. That among
these were the pursuit of digital liberty and cyberspatial happiness.
Common sense tells us that the operator(s) of the list--the "owners"
of toad, the listadmin, etc.--have a kind of caretaker arrangement.
The list could move, could become an unmoderated newsgroup, etc. I'm
not advocating this, just rejecting the "Foobar owns the list--if
Foobar tells us to wear funny hats when we post to the list, we'd damn
well better do so." There are more nuances to the issues of
"ownership" involved.)
This chain of logic falls because the premise is false. Further, the
term "own" is not well-defined, as just discussed.
For the second time in pointing this out, I used the term "unwise."
Face it, there are places where syllogistic reasoning like you are
using is useless. Especially when no mention of "justice and fairness"
was made. I think it's unwise for a listadmin, or a site owner, to
impose rules about the wearing of funny hats, for example. The
mandaory signing of posts is not quite in this category, but I still
think it unwise.
(Phil Zimmermann does not, as is well known, often use PGP. He rightly
considers it a drag on his productivity. Not everyone has the same
connectivity: some are on CompuServe, some on Prodigy, some on AOL,
etc. It would seem "unwise" to, for example, exclude from this forum
someone who cannot reasonably sign or encrypt all of their messages.)
                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I never cited it as "precedent," legal or otherwise. I mentioned the
debate which had ensued on that list. Jeesh!
What moral claims did I make?
The "private property" argument is more murky than you claim. Last I
checked, John Gilmore owns toad and the disk space used, and he pays
for the Net connections. Does this make him the owner?
Because of these nuances--which is why I mentioned the Extropian list
experiences--it is not useful to make propertarian arguments when
policy changes are being planned.
--Tim May
(I am not getting list traffic right now, presumably due to the Netcom
overload problem, and so am only seeing messages I am directly copied
on. And maybe not all of them, either.  Why this is so has to do with
how toad tries to connect with Netcom's mail machine--Hugh Daniel and
John Gilmore have both tried to get this fixed, claiming Netcom is not
properly handling mail. No resolution.))

@_date: 1994-11-30 13:15:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Cyherpunks Named Official Signing Authority" 
I absolutely agree. Having a central "Signing Authority" (analogies with Turing
Authority?) is a step backward. Single-point failures and all that,
vs. the distributed, end-user, local process.
If the intent of a "Compelled Signature" (tm) policy is to get people
used to signing messages, why not get them used to _verifying_ sigs as
well? (I suspect fewer than 1% of all messages have their sigs
Very loosely speaking--and with no imputations of motives, ideology,
natch--such a central signing authority could play into the hands of
those on the Net today who are talking about forcing all Net users to
"identify themselves" clearly. Imagine the P.R. value to these Net.Cops: "But even the Cypherpunks
require all posts to be signed!."
I say we stick to the anarchy which has worked so well.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-11-30 14:21:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Shouldn't "toad" messages be signed? 
This message originates at "toad.com" and is hereby signed by the
Cypherpunks Signature Authority:
---BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE---
It seems clear to me that by the logic of this thread, *all* messages
passing through toad to us should naturally be _signed_. After all,
how do we know if an "approved" message has indeed passed through
toad? Someone else could be spoofing the account.
If we are to place additional trust in toad.com, via the proposed
checking of sigs, then toad itself should sign all messages!
This will produce nested sigs, as I attempted to illustrate above
(apologies if I got the precise syntax wrong). And (at least) two full
sig blocks at the bottom (not illustrated here). At the least, short
messages will become quite a bit longer. And will today's tools allow easy extraction of first the toad sig,
then the enclosed sig?
Seems to me that if Eric wants to start encouraging use of sigs, that
a good first start would be for toad to sign all messages.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-01 11:44:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Technical Remailer Analysis. 
Thanks to Louis Cypher and Hal Finney for discussing this. Our
remailers are, as several of us have discussed, at a primitive level
of security...in fact, most of the security is illusory and would
collapse under serious scrutiny.
Here are some fixes to consider, as I see them. Chaum, in his Feb.
1981 paper on Untraceable E-Mail (Comm. of the ACM) remains the key
paper, though some of the later DC-Net papers also deal with such
attacks (under the rubric of "collusion" and "flooding" types of
Sorry for the format, as I'm using the tools I use for the FAQ.
157.3.  Some possible fixes:
remail them, or to remail them off in different directions (adding their own least has to spend money
digital money, or a "one-use" coupon, then an attacker who copies and resends
the whole message is effectively double-spending and this should be detected.
Most simply, the "use once" coupon will only allow one passage through the
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-02 14:46:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Nom de guerre public key 
I'll be sure to put something in about this, though I thought I had.
Crim Tideson, you are who you say you are by the fact that you possess
the key yoy have just announced yourself with! Only you can sign
messages with the private key for which the public key produced a
valid signature.
We have no interest in your (alleged) physical identity. Maybe you are
a committee. Maybe you are an AI. Or a Zeta Reticulan.
Digital signatures have this wonderful property of being more
important than putative physical identity, such identity being vastly
easier to forge.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-02 19:12:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Nom de guerre public key 
What are the "rules of the PGP Web of Trust"?
I've seen a couple of "BlackNet" public keys on the MIT Key Server,
and I doubt rather strongly that the creators of BlackNet(s)
identified himself or herself (or itself, even).
Tying public keys to physical persons is _one_ approach, but not the
only one. If fact, for a lot of intended uses of public key crypto,
multiple keys will be generated and discarded. Granted, they won't
necessarily ever appear on any of the main keyservers, but they might.
The "web of trust" models how we pass on advice, introduce others with
our recommendations, etc., but it is not a very formal thing. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-02 20:42:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Impact of Free Strong Crypto (Essay of sorts) 
A good essay by Black Unicorn (whose physical ID, by the way, is
unknown to us, despite his reputation and digsig). Just when some of
you thought the list was becoming dormant...
(I'll try to respond only to a handful of points, eliding the rest.)
Yes, it's quite amazing to me that what might be called the
"libertarian agenda" is so little disputed here. To be sure, many are
unhappy with mentions of guns or the like, and protest, but the core
ideas of voluntary interactions are seldom challenged.
This may be a good lesson for the larger political community: on
matters of personal and economic privacy, even modern liberals don't
favor an expanded role for the state.
I think we almost have this won. There are so many degrees of freedom,
so many ways to move data, that attempts to control data flow seem
doomed. We can't stop lobbying, of course. (The FBI had a comment that
if Digital Telephony is delayed by two years--and this was said (by
Kelleher, I think, though I don't feel like grepping through my
archives to find the exact quote...it may be in the FAQ) in early
1994--that this delay would make it "too expensive" to ever try it
again...monkeywrenching the EFF's Wiretap Bill seems like a good goal
to me.)
This one I am less sanguine about. PGP is just too hard to
use--witness the incredible amount of time being consumed in debates
about it, about features, bugs, etc., and the difficulties in
integrating into ordinary work habits, for most people. Commercial
crypto is not moving very quickly.
I thought it would take 5 years, too. Back in 1988. Oh well. But by
1999, lots of time for change. And we may see a digital cash
application just "pop out of nowhere," just as VCRs did.
By the way, I devoted a *lot* of space in my Cyphernomicon FAQ to
issues like this, including one section entitled "How will Crypto
Anarchy Be Fought?"
Again, I think my FAQ has a suitably long term focus. Especially on
the implications of anonymous systems, digital cash, data havens,
etc., on societal systems. Lots of amazing implications. Some I no
doubt have wrong, but I don't think I'm mired in the present.
And I think we have indeed seen things coming before a lot of others
did. The latest such alert, by Carl Ellison, myself, and others, is
about "software key escrow," or what Carl dubs "GAK" (government
access to keys). I think SKE is the wave of future repression, worth
starting to fight now. The popular media is largely oblivious to it,
as usual.  (John Markoff, of the NY Times, is on top of it, more so
than most of us, and is waiting for the right time to do something on
Dorothy Denning is deeply involved with SKE, working with Miles Schmid
of the NSA and the folks from Trusted Information Systems (according
to Whit Diffie, who saw a joint presentation by the bunch of them in
Karlsruhe, and their glee that the Micali escrow patent will likely be
overturned due to prior art in Europe).
I don't think the state will fold up its tent and fade away (to mix
some metaphors). I think we'll see some "Wacos in cyberspace," some
invocations of the Four Horsemen of the Infocalypse (Terrorists,
Pedophiles, Money Launderers, and Pornographers), and some repressive
laws involving national ID cards, reporting of all economic
transactions on the Net, etc. Lots of things they can do.
Lots of people will be killed by the thrashings of the dying beast.
I don't think HUMINT is too likely to increase, as it costs so damned
much to hire all those agents. I do think we'll see--and are already seeing--erosions of formerly
sacred rights. (Black U. and I are obviously addressing our comments
to mostly American issues. Your mileage may vary.) "Conspiracy"
is already a catch-all, and the plethora of laws that nearly everyone
is always breaking can be used to cut deals. A nation of cybernetic
Pavel Morozovs, all informing on our neighbors. (Ironically, this
erosion could _accelerate_ the shift to more secure systems, as even
average people fear being caught up in alleged crimes.)
Also, many illegal wiretaps and black bag jobs are done not to secure
evidence--which is inadmissable--but in furtherance of investigations,
and to point to evidence they _can_ get a search warrant for.  (I
submit that the FBI wants DT for largely this reason, and all the
calculations of "cost per wiretap" and how they are exorbitantly
expensive miss this essential point!)
Probably true. In all fairness to ourselves, we actually are part of a
larger threat (notice that I'm only calling Cypherpunks a _part_ of
this, as to claim overall credit would be absurd) to the status quo
than the Black Panthers were in the 1960s. Think about it.
Indeed. But this is already occurring in a major way. The major credit
reporting agencies collude in central ways with the government (as
with the faked credentials used for the Witness Security Program, for
spies, etc.). Banks already collude (BCCI was not a fluke, just a CIA
front bank, like Castle Bank, Nugan Hand Bank, and Bank of America).
Strong crypto and anonymous systems will ultimately be _helped_ by
this duplicity, ironically.
I go further on this point even than Black Unicorn does. I think
there's a reasonable chance that a "state of national emergency" will
be declared. Lots of things could trigger this, and I don't think it's
just millenialist paranoia to believe certain Emergency Orders could
be triggered. Military manouvers have planned for this (REX-84,
Operation Night Train, FEMA, etc.). Important for us to think about these issues, to be sure.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-02 22:12:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Decline of Liberty 
My favorite old curmudgeon, Jeff Cooper, has some interesting things
to say in the 27 Sep issue of "Cooper's Commentaries," (cf. rec.guns).
"The subjection to which the American citizen is now exposed every day
of his life is so great that the whole idea of liberty ("That which
does not injure one's neighbor") is almost totally lost. The greatest
of despots, Louis XIV, never told his subjects what they could or
could not eat and drink, and he never told them how to conduct their
private lives."
I won't even try to add more to what he has said.

@_date: 1994-10-03 12:22:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Puzzle Palace 
William Burrows, "Deep Black." About the spy satellite business, thus
covering NRO and such. (A newer name now being seen in "Central
Imagery Office.")
Jeffery Richelson, "U.S. Intelligence Agencies" (or somesuch). Lots of
detail on various agencies. Richelson has also written on non-U.S.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-04 00:38:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Puzzle Palace 
"Special Tasks," Sudaplatov.
(give or take...this is from memory)
This actually came out about 6 months ago, so it may be worth waiting
for the paperback. I skimmed the book in a bookstore, but saw various
pieces on this book and its implications on MacNeil-Lehrer and
Lots of revelations, but little confirmation.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-04 00:51:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Puzzle Palace 
Sorry, I may have responded too quickly. Maybe Don Melvin was talker
about a _newer_ book than the Sudaplatov book, which is the only one I
know about. Sudaplatov didn't run Walker, that's for sure.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-04 01:23:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Bomb information ban 
But "bombes" have long had a strong connection to cryptography. Lots
of bombes at Bletchley Park.
As to what well-dressed crypto anarchists are carrying...perhaps a
copy of Schneier. Or a PGP diskette.
But since neither of those will make for a very comprehensible
graphic, perhaps the trench-coated crypto anarchist should be seated
in front of a terminal?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-04 18:11:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cyber honor 
What is important is a _persistent_ and _unforgeable_ identity, not a
physical indentity. Persistence is needed to attach a history to, and
an expectation of future behavior. Unforgeability for obvious reasons.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-05 00:28:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Positive Reputation Systems 
Yes, "negative reputations" alone are not adequate, just as they
aren't in real life. (A negative reputation system is one in which
only negative movements are possible, only downgrades. It's like
assuming everyone is honorable, even strangers, and lending them
Positive reputations are essential. And are common, even on the Net.
I don't know about others, but I don't automatically given all
newcomers the 'benefit of the doubt' and thus give them "maximal
reputation," only to be downchecked later. Rather, newcomers start
out, in my mental ledger book, at a "nonentity" or "neutral" level.
Call it "zero" for simplicity. Stupid or wrong comments cause their "reputations" (to me, of course)
to move into negative territory. Positive comments boost their
reputation. (And this rep business is multidimensional, of course. For
example, I might dislike someone's opinion, but still have a high
regard for their "reputation for honesty commentary," or somesuch.)
It does little good to create zillions of "new pseudonyms," as they
are *not* automatically given a high reputation. Think of credit
ratings. Would any of you lend money to brand new pseudonym, or a
stranger in your town?
But I've just given an example of how this already works. Take
"Pr0duct Cypher" as an example. Good code, rapidly written. The
result: a postive reputation system that produces (for many of us) a
net positive reputation.
I certainly agree that better tools, including the
credentials-without-identity sort of stuff, may help even more. I just
disagree that we don't already have a workable positive rep system.
Postive reps--not just negative reps--are how we learn of good
restaurants, good crypto books (Schneier, for example), and on and on.
Histories of repayment of past bills (aka "credit ratings") are a
classic manifestation of this. (I don't plan to get into a
metaphysical debate about whether TRW Credit is doing the rating, or
prospective lenders are, etc. In simple terms, a modern credit rating
report is a composite summary of how many loans were repaid, how many
bankruptcies and the like occurred, etc. No guarantees of futrue
performance, but some strong indications. A Bayesian model that the
future is likely to look like the past.)
So, postive reputation systems are needed...and they are already in
common use.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-05 11:30:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Government vs. Markets 
This recent debate about untested/dangerous/unapproved technology,
such as medical equipment, vitamins, automobile features, is
ideological. I'm not likely to convince the disbelievers here, nor are
they likely--experience shows--to go read the recommended books which
might answer these questions to their satisfaction.
But arguing that the government needs to intervene in markets and
limit free choice to "protect" customers and consumers is precisely
how our present mess got started. And how crypto and communications is
being afffected. (Imagine PGP being outlawed because of its
"uncertified" nature, the bugs is clearly still contains, etc.)
No, if customers want good mileage more than they want other features
(like prices, performance, 4-wheel drive, etc.), then they'll pay more
for them. Some do. Some drive little 60 mpg econoboxes, while I drive
an 18 mpg (with a tailwind) Ford Explorer. The market in action.
I could do some calculations on just how unimportant the "fuel
economy" standards are, but I lack the energy and time to make these
points here. Fuel economy standards are about the worst possible case
that can be made for government interference.
Underwriters Laboratories, Good Housekeeping ("Seal of Appproval"),
and Consumer Reports are better testers than any bureacrats in
Washington, and they are private. Insurance companies have a strong
interest in safe equipment, as do hospitals, doctors, and even
patients. The specter of people killing themselves absent a government standard
is false.
Again, faslse. If people are concerned, they can ask. They can
patronize organic food stores, as they do in huge numbers here in the
Northern California area. And so on.
What often happens with government-imposed standards is that some
lobbying group decides that "cheese is good for you" and so gets
cheese installed as one of the government-mandated "basic food
groups." (If you think I'm exaggerating, you didn't grow up in the 50s
and 60s, when the "four basic food groups" had to be fed to children
in school lunch programs. Political views have now shifted to the
point where soy milk, bean sprouts, and sun-ripened tomatoes must now
be included in all school lunch programs. :-})
Government standards are a two-edged sword. Many of us would prefer to
"opt out" of their idea of what's healthy and safe and what's not.
Motorcycle helmet laws are a good example. Which I won't get started
on here. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-06 01:04:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Demonizing Denning 
I agree with Phil. I don't have much respect for Dorothy Denning's
views, feeling she has sold out to the Beltway mentality, but I can't
see the point of demonizing her, any more than I can see the point of
demonizing Jim Bidzos or Mitch Kapor, or lionizing Phil Zimmermann.
(Before you grep your archives and gleefully rebut me, I did at one
point call her "the wicked witch of the East." But this was a result
of overenthusiastic punning, and some anger. I haven't had any
opportunity to deal with her in the past couple of years, but I'd like
to keep that option open, and not foreclose it with vicious insults.
Attack the postion, not the woman, as they might say.)
Practically speaking, a bumber sticker saying "Denning--Clip her"
might be understood by as many as one out of ten thousand of those who
read it....not a very convincing meme. (Yes, "crypto anarchy" is
equally arcane, vaguely disturbing, and equally unconvincing...but I'm
not sporting a bumper sticker on this, nor do I expect to convert the
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-06 12:16:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Demonizing Denning (was: It's MEME time!!!) 
I see no reason why you or anyone else in this thread should apologize
(hence, you _should_ apologize for your inappropriate apology!).
Discussing whether attacks on the leading spokesbimbo for Clipper (er,
spokeswoman :-}) are a good idea seems like a more relevant topic for
us to discuss than a _lot_ of what we talk about. Recent threads on
Chomsky and habanero peppers are just the most recent examples.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-10-06 18:42:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Who's Pulling the Strings on Crypto? 
Let me say a word in defense of Mitch Kapor and Jerry Berman, since
they are not here to defend themselves. The EFF believes the government will insist that digital cash be
traceable, via the "Digial Cash Forfeiture" proposal. They thus saw no
point in fighting this system, it being innevitable, and have been
instead helping to make the system more fair and more secure.
I hope this clears things up.
Just a joke, before someone gets all worked up. Call me a "one issue
voter" if you will, but I think the EFF has given up without a fight
on the Digital Telephony battle, and through its "help" made it more
palatable to the Congressrodents. Hence, the EFF helped to get it
passed (last I heard, earlier today, the House had passed it by voice
vote and the Senate was on the verge of taking it up...it may be
passed by now).
EPIC, CPSR, ACLU, and Shabbir Safdar's "Voters Telecomm Watch" have
not shied away from the battle the way the EFF has. I don't know what got into the EFF. Potomac fever? Altitude sickness?
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-01 11:18:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Art Gallery on internet needs PGP signatures 
There's an interesting connection between art, forgeries, and public
key crypto. I heard about this some years ago, and not since, so I
guess the idea never really caught on.
A company in L.A., "Light Signatures" as I recall, was selling a
system that took an optical scan, a line scan from one corner of an
object to another. (On a paiting, for example.)
The resulting bit sequence (of pixel values) could then be encrypted
with the private key of the creator, or appraiser, or whatever. This
would be the "provenance" of the work.
Out in the "field," in the auction houses, for example, the signature
could be verified by taking the digital signature, applying the
_public_ key, which would then generate the sequence of pixel values,
and comparing it what a field scanner actually saw.
(The idea is the familiar one, applied slightly differently.)
A main use was predicted to be making "unforgeable" machine parts,
like crankshafts, engine blocks, etc. The pattern of scratches,
surface marks, etc., could be 'signed' by Harley-Davidson, Ferrari,
etc. (apparently they are plagued by forgeries).
There are some obvious technical issues of error tolerance (have to
tolerate a few new scratches, marks without compromising the
security), where to stamp the number, etc.
I thought it a novel idea, back in 1988, and I'm somewhat surprised
the idea seems to have never reached commercialization.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-02 00:59:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: More signs that key escrow is coming 
Things seem awfully quiet on the list the past 24 hours....
This sounds like it's a concern about subliminal channels in the
DSS/DSA signatures, a la the concerns raised by Gus Simmons last year.
I don't know what the use would be, unless it's concern (by whom?)
that viewing preferences could be back-propagated.
Well, this definitely fits with other signs that the Feds have been
"jawboning" with various industry groups. Key escrow, or "GAK."
If they're putting this kind of thing into their spec plans, somebody
has "suitably incentivized" them to.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-02 16:04:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Black Market in Russia 
The MacNeil-Lehrer Newshour, a PBS television show (for you non-U.S.
residents), has a good report tonight on the black market in Russia.
Mostly an emphasis on the "shuttle traders" who take chartered flights
down to Dubai and stock up on massive amounts of stuff to sell back in
Moscow. (An inefficient system, compared to the systems of shippping
and mega-malls we have, but encouraging to see.)
The traders then pay off customs inspectors, etc. Apparently Russians
are doing better than official stats would indicate, similar to the
way Italians are much wealthier than tax stats would suggest.
I was heartened to see this report. All Cypherpunks, of course, are
encouraged to see thriving black markets (or markets of color, to be
politically correct about it).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-03 11:49:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Credentials, Reputations, and Anonymity 
I learned a while back that Blanc is a woman. She's never corrected
this public misperception, that I recall seeing, so maybe I'm out of
place doing it here, but I've gone and done it anyway.
(Blanc's point elided)
Yes, I think "locality" is generally a big win. Locality means local
clearing, immediacy, and self-responsibility. Caveat emptor, and all
that. Not perfect, of course, but generally better than a non-local,
non-immediate system in which contracts are negotiated, credentials
must be produced (often demanded by the government--here in Santa Cruz
one needs a license to be a palm reader!). There are cases where time-binding is needed, where contracts must be
negotiated, but the modern trend to make everything into a non-local,
accounting-centered deal seems wrong-headed.
I don't think reputations solve all problems. Enforcement of contracts
with threats of sanctions (economic, physical, etc.) is often needed.
One doesn't pay $20,000 for a new car, not get the car because the
dealer welched, and simply say: "Boy, his reputation is mud now."
(I won't go into the various common-sense ways of dealing with this,
nor point out that such massive frauds are rare, for various reasons.)
My main point is a simple one: Let there be no laws which dictate what
protocols people use for transactions. If Alice and Bob are content to
use each others' "reputations" as a basis for doing business, let no
third party step in and force them to use "credentials."
How it all works out, with flaws and all, is not something we can
predict. I'm not saying Hal's doubts about how reputation will work
are unwarranted, or unwelcome...indeed, such questioning is needed.
Economists ought to be thinking about these things, a point economist
David Friedman agreed with me on a couple of years or so ago. The
study of anonymous markets, in which conventional sanctions are
difficult to apply, should be an exciting area to explore.
"Webs of trust" are partial examples of this, with Alice signing Bob's
key and thus saying "I trust this key, so if you trust me, you should
also trust Bob." While this does not yet extend to more substantive
issues (such as saying "I vouch for this transaction"), it gives us a
hint about how this may work.
We've had some good discussions in Cypherpunks physical meetings, with
noted agorists Dean Tribble, Norm Hardy, Mark Miller, etc., on this
very topic: the transitive properties of reputation capital. It seems
to work, based on analogies with criminal markets (where they
obviously can't go to the courts), and with comparisons to primitive
trading societies. The "Law Merchant," as you'll recall (Benson's "The
Enterprise of Law") was extra-national, and only "my word as a captain
is my bond" worked to ensure completion of trade arrangements. It
worked well, too.
(As I've said before, the fallback position of relying on the State
has displaced ordinary concepts of trust and honor...it is no longer a
"fallback" position, and so trust and honor (= reputation) has become
a joke. I am optimistic that crypto anarchy will see a restoration of
these concepts, back-stopped of course with cryptographic protocols
and unforgeable signatures.)
An unresolved issue, I suspect. Almost no work has been done here, so
we have only our intuitions about how things will work. I have to be
honest here, but I feel no shame about not knowing the answers to
Hal's good points--this is just an area that has had little study,
theoretically or empirically. A clarion call for more work.
Practically, I see almost no way that credentials would *not* be
transferrable. One obvious way is for Len and Mack to share bank
accounts, money, etc.  Len could have a large bank account (a
credential of one sort) and could then "transfer" it (the access
codes) to Mack. Voila!  Credentials got transferred.
More generally, two agents, related or not, can arrange transfers. In
one extreme from, Len could transfer *all* of his codes and numbers to
Mack, allowing Mack to effectively become Len. This is certainly a
transfer of reputation! (And a concern several have raised, a la "But
how do you know who you are *really* dealing with?")
I agree that much more work is needed. In fact, it's a situation
analogous to the nanotechnology field, where one researcher dominates
a field (Chaum in this stuff, Drexler in nanotech) and the great
mystery is why no more Chaums or Drexlers have appeared!
Even with the implications not fully explored, my main point is
(again) that there be no restrictions on *my* ability to try to deal
with other agents on this basis. That there may be some messy
situations is not enough reason to outlaw anonymity; we see messy
situations in our credential-happy society today, with "permission
slips" needed for increasing numbers of transactions.
Anonymity and unlinkable, untraceable transactions gives us the
opportunity to explore these issues, and probably answer Hal's
A fair trade, I'd say. Even if I don't have a credential authorizing
me to make that statement.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-03 20:46:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Reputations" are more than just nominalist hot air 
(quoting Hal Finney)
Why not try to clarify and examine such an important concept? Where's
the danger in gaining a better understanding? Jumping forward to
speculations about what the Supremes might do with such knowledge
(were they to subscribe to our list and thus gain this knowledge :-})
and from this concluding that such research should not be done seems
unwarranted. To put it mildly.
James, I can only conclude you were in a bad mood when you wrote
this, as surely the study of how reputations work, how they get
increased and decreased, etc., cannot be a bad thing.
My close friend and frequent collaborator, Sue D. Nym, known to you
also as S.  Boxx, as Pablo Escobar, and as an12070, has been
researching this issue very carefully. His analysis of pseudospoofing
is precisely on target here, and answers this question affirmatively.
(In this paragraph, I have just "spent" some of my "reputation
capital" in this praise of Detweiler. Depending on the views you
readers have about my reputation, and Detweiler's reputation, and how
serious you think I was here, my reputation could get better or worse,
and Detweiler's could get better or worse. This is one way the
reputation of one agent can be transferred to another. It happens all
the time, in reviews of movies, books, restaurants, and pseudonyms.)
The study of reputations and how they change is an important one. It
is more than just "nominalism" to see how things tick, what the key
features are, what the conserved quantities are (if any), and so
forth. This I think was the thrust of Hal's questions.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-03 21:06:57
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
Hal's reply to James Donald went out within minutes of mine, and made
roughly the same points I made (his "endorsement" by Dvorak example is
eerily similar to the example I used, about endorsing Detweiler).
Maybe Detweiler was right...maybe we _are_ tentacles!
--Tim the Tentacle

@_date: 1994-09-05 15:00:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Art Gallery on internet needs PGP signatures 
I don't know (but I'll make some speculative/engineering guesses), as
I never saw the system...like I said, I heard a verbal description of
it some years back (from Jim Omura, of Cylink, now famous for suing RSADSI).
First, photo-reproduced art is almost never confused with the real
thing. Surface texture, brush strokes, light at different angles, etc.
Second, I could imagine the scanner system using light at two or more
angles specifically to provide better protection against forgeries.
(In the intended main applicaiton, that of detecting machine part
forgeries, the pattern of natural scratches and abrasions, and
grains/regions in the metal, would be essentially impossible to
mechanically reproduce. Not completely impossible, but very difficult,
and hence not cost-effective.)
Anyone interested in pursuing this may be find out if Light Signatures
still exists. Omura may know, and someone at RSADSI probably would
have records of their licensing arrangements.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-06 12:54:39
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: List of reliable remailers 
Just to give some kudos to Raph, I've used his "finger" service and
have been shocked at how _good_ it is! Seeing the uptimes, delays,
etc. is very useful in planning remailer chains.
I haven't had the time to explore his other tools, though.
Between this pinging service, and those of Matt Ghio and Sameer Parekh
(haven't checked it in a while), welcome progress has been made.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-06 13:03:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: AIDs testing and privacy 
A report I saw on this said the concern about the "human voice" giving
the news, especially if positive for HIV, was psychological. That is,
that HIV-positive folks would not like hearing this from a recording,
and might do something serious to themselves.
I applaud the "unconditionally untraceable" nature of the test (pay
cash for the kit, call from a payphone). Ideas like this are _good_
for society, and for us.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-07 01:58:53
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: AIDs testing and privacy 
Ah, but they already know. And so do the credit reporting companies. I
just got a "Congratulations, you have been pre-approved for a
Nonsmoker's Credit Card from Citicorpse" letter.
Actually, I'm kidding. But not by much. The amount of cross-linking is
astounding, but not once you think about the infrasructure set up to
compile the credit dossiers, the collusion with the government on
these dossiers (I've posted before about Witness Security and false
identities the credit reporting Big Three agree to falsify), etc.
Unlinkable credentials is the way to go, but there's no "constituency"
for this...Americans, and others, are oblivious to these issues.
Personally, I see no chance of changing this. This is why I put my
bets on crypto anarchy, which allows opting out of parts of the
system, rather than trying to change the ponderous course of the ship
of state.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-07 10:48:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: AIDs testing and privacy 
And don't forget that hospitals and doctors will be forwarding patient
records to the National Health Recovery Act headquarters outside
Washington, right near the CIA, NSA, NRO, Central Imagery Office, FBI,
and, of course, the Big Three credit agencies.
I'm less worried that a pharmacist will add me to some database he
keeps than that my doctor will be instructed to compile a dossier to
government standards and then zip it off over the Infobahn to the
Buying "a la carte" insurance for specific conditions and not others
is surely a "cypherpunkish" free choice, and neatly sidesteps the
problems of having to pay for others in the current way. (For example,
someone with no tendency toward Foobar's Disease can elect to exclude
this coverage.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-07 11:37:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: NETCOM/FBI Spying "Business as Usual" 
I found this in the eff group, and think it has some implications for
remailer operators and their logs. (That the FBI is subpoenaing e-mail
records is not news, but the connection to the Kevin Mitnick case is.)
Explanation: In an earlier message, Glen Roberts of "Full Disclosure"
gave his informed speculation that this subpoena has to do with the
FBI's search for uber-hacker Kevin Mitnick. The guy being subpoenaed
and monitored, Lewis De Payne, comments below.
The concern for remailer operators is that while I was reading this
saga, all I could think of was 'Why didn't they use remailers?" I
planned to comment on this in the public groups. (And I may still, if
somebody else doesn't beat me to it.)
But of course the concern is that if the FBI is going on a fishing
expedition (a legal term :-}) for e-mail records, and Netcom is
cooperating, then had they used remailers to communicate, we could now
be seeing subpoenas of *remailer logs*. (This will happen eventually.
All the more reasons for multiple national jurisdictions, for
destruction of logs, for bonding of remailers, and for "forward
secrecy" (a la Diffie-Hellman) to be implemented somehow.)

@_date: 1994-09-07 16:14:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: AIDs testing and privacy 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
There's the rub! While I may not _like_ what people or companies do
with data about me, I generally don't support laws telling them what
they can do, what they can't do, etc.
And such normative laws ("they shouldn't keep such records and hence
we'll outlaw them") won't work in an era of strong crypto and privacy.
In fact, some of us support data havens precisely to have records of,
say, terminal diseases so we'll not lend money to Joe-who-has-AIDS. It
may not be "fair" to Joe, but it's my money. (Same idea as in using
offshore or cryptospatial data havens to bypass the nonsense in the
"Fair Credit Reporting Act" that outlaws the keeping of certain kinds
of facts about credit applicants, such as that they declared
bankruptcy 10 years ago or that they left a string of bad debts in
Germany in the 1970s, etc.)
I won't go into the many issues here, as this is an ideological
digression. Cypherpunks understand that laws won't protect their privacy.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-07 17:38:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Hiring Blacks 
Were I black, I wouldn't want to work for them. However, if they asked
my race, and I lied/deceived them, and they discovered it later
(naturally), I would expect to be fired. That's life in a society
based on voluntary interactions. Libertarianism 101.
(It's also part of Libertarianism 101 that such a company would not
likely do well in this day and age. Before you cite America's racist
past, read up on who it was that enforced segregation. Hint: not the
corporations. Ditto for South Africa (the "other" RSA), where the
Apartheid Laws came into being because companies were looking to hire
blacks and coloreds to fill job position, and the whites didn't like
that much.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-08 10:42:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Privacy regulations 
Exactly. The "principle of locality" is violate when people demand
that _others_ not keep certain records, diaries, files, etc. If
something is worth keeping secret, keep it secret!
The "Data Privacy Laws" of several European nations are especially
brain-damaged in their unenforceability (not that "enforceability" is
something I want to see, but an unenforceable law is generally bad and
leads to capricious situations).
"Calm us into..." is a very good description. Most privacy laws create
the comforting illusion that the government is protecting our privacy,
all as it is eroded by corporate-government "deals." (The examples
people have cited here: states that require personal data for driver's
license's, then _sell_ the data bases to private firms!)
Yes, Mark Miller made the same points about Lotus Marketplace (a
CD-ROM of government data on phone numbers, zip codes, etc.--never
released because "privacy advocates" rasied an uproar) in a interview
in the zine "Extropy" a couple of years back. The illusion of privacy is deemed preferable to actual privacy.
(Actual privacy could be increased very easily by simply reducing the
number of "permission slips" that people are obligated by law to show
in various transactions. Lots of ways to do this. Suffice it to say
that our credential-happy society is getting very little real benefit
for demanding credentials at every turn and is instead providing
precise dossier material for those who keep dossiers. Shudder.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-08 11:12:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: AIDS testing and privacy 
Personally, I don't tell other people who they can hire to babysit
their kids, who they can hire to paint their house, who they can hire
as fitness instructors, who they can hire as design engineers, etc.
Neither who they _can_ hire, nor who they _must_ hire.
So from this premise the answers are pretty clear. I don't buy the "small, powerless entity" vs. "large, powerful entity"
argument. When I, for example, deal with Safeway or Apple, the dollars
in my pocket are as important to _them_ as what they provide is as
important to _me_. We are, in an important sense, entering the
transaction with essentially equal powers.
(It is true that I have very little influence over their choice of
Snapple flavors, or over their design choices for new Macs, but so
what? The don't have much influence over me, either.)
The belief that when a business reaches a certain size it suddenly
becomes a "large, powerful entity" that warrants control by "the
people" is wrong-headed. Many nations have tried that route.
(Off on a tangent: In the example I cited, South African corporations
were actively hiring blacks and colored in the 1940s--it was
_government_ that stepped in an implemented the Apartheid Laws. When
governments set corporate policies, expect things like this. You can
translate the examples to whatever policies on hiring gays, women,
etc., are fashionable. In countries today, the official policies
are not conducive to hiring women, for example, regardless of their
merit or of the companies' desire.)
                               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Democracy in its current populist form, indeed. That's why strong
crypto is needed to undermine this herd notion of democracy.
"On the Net no one knows you're a dog."
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-08 17:00:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Privacy regulations 
Actually, they don't even need to ask for it anymore....it's attached
to so many _other_ things that pop up when they enter your name that
it's a moot point. In other words, the same dossiers that allow the
credit card companies to send you "preapproved credit cards" every few
days are the same dossiers that MCI, Sprint, AT&T, etc. are using to
sign you up.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-09 14:48:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Black Cryptoanarchy (KKK, monopolies, contract killing) 
(I can only respond very briefly to the excellent post Doug Cuttrell
has made....I'm trying to finish something by tonight in preparation
for tomorrow's Cypherpunks meeting in Mountain View.)
Doug has correctly figured out what strong crypto implies, and just
how badly it nukes the "liberal" view of society.
Like I said, I'll be brief, even telegraphic:
There's no time for any of us to write pro-libertarian essays here.
Plenty of books. Etc.
I never worry about whether my choices are "racist" or "sexist" or
"ageist" or "looksist" (a real term used here in Santa Cruz), etc.
They're just my choices. Nobody else's business. Of course, they don't
have to do business with me, either. Sounds fair to me. The original
meaning of "liberalism" (yes).
Yes, though I've called them "digilantes." Crypto Star Chambers.
Yep. I call this the "Crypto Anarchy Principle":
The Crypto Anarchy Principle: Strong crypto permits unbreakable
encryption, unforgeable signatures, untraceable electronic messages,
and unlinkable pseudonomous identities. This ensures that some
transactions and communications can be entered into only
voluntarily. External force, law, and regulation cannot be
applied. This is "anarchy," in the sense of no outside rulers and
laws. Voluntary arrangements, back-stopped by voluntarily-arranged
institutions like escrow services, will be the only form of rule. This
is "crypto anarchy."
Markets for assassinations--untraceable and unlinkable--have been a
topic of discussion for a long time. You'll find them explicitly
mentioned in my 1988 "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto."
Doug is to be congratulated for realizing the implications, if he
hadn't heard about them before. This topic has been written about by me, David Friedman, Robin Hanson,
Hal Finney, and others. A lot of stuff to consider. Not now.
Can't be stopped. If strong crypto is allowed (and most of us don't
think even a police state could stop it at this point), then these
"voluntary associations" cannot be stopped. Hence.....
Welcome to the New Underworld Order!
(a term I have borrowed from Claire Sterling.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-09 18:47:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Ecash mailing list? 
Half a dozen such special sub-list exists on Cypherpunks--bet you
didn't know that, eh? That's because they go unused, for reasons I've
written about before.
And there _are_ money-related lists: IMP-Interest, DigLib, AltInst,
and probably others I've missed. Why start yet another one?
If you're not on _their_ lists, why do you think they'll join _your_ list?
Creating such a list is the easy part (Duncan and Sandy just did it
for PRIVACY 101)..the hard part is having it survive infancy. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-11 13:26:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Announcement: "CYPHERNOMICON" FAQ available 
[I haven't received Cypherpunks list mail since Friday. I don't know
if the list is down or if Netcom is simply not delivering mail...it's
been having severe problems. So I'm sending this blind to the list,
and copying Hugh Daniel and Eric Hughes, to make sure it at least gets
to _somebody_.]
Greetings Cypherpunks,
The FAQ I've been working on for many months is now available by
anonymous ftp, details below.
Because there is no "official" Cypherpunks group, there shouldn't be
an "official" Cypherpunks FAQ, as I see it. Thus, others can write
their own FAQs as they see fit. Cypherpunks write FAQs?
I've decided to give my FAQ a name, to prevent confusion. "THE
CYPHERNOMICON" is what I call it. (If the reference is obscure, I can
The main file is 1.3 MB. It takes about 12-15 minutes to transfer
with a 14.4 modem, proportionately slower with a slower modem. And of
course very fast if you're already on Netcom or on a T1 connection. (I
may split the 20 chapters into pieces, later, but this could add
unwelcome confusion. And I'm holding off on gzip compressing the
file(s) right now, for similar reasons.)
Yes, the FAQ is very long. Yes, it is not what others may have wanted
(the MFAQ, described below, is the "short" version that newcomers can
get, or have mailed to them if they lack anonymous ftp access). It is
the FAQ I _wanted_ to write, which is reason enough for the form it's
The CYPHERNOMICON is especially detailed in the areas that have gotten
little coverage in existing books: crypto anarchy, reputations, black
merkets, and the uses of digital cash. The crypto and PGP sections are
fairly long, but not nearly as long as they could be, given the vast
amount of material out there already. (I didn't see the need to cover
these areas in great detail.) The "anonymity and remailers" chapter is
also very long, and is the most disorganized, in my opinion. The
plethora of sites, URLs, various remailers, features, ideas, issues,
and miscellaneous cruft is just overwhelming....I hope I've made some
order out of it.
(The "Release-Notes" and "README" docs have more explanations of the
form and rationale, including the meta-FAQ question of why this FAQ is
not a Web doc.)
anonymous ftp site: ftp.netcom.com   cd to pub/tcmay
"get" the files in the standard anonymous ftp way
(feel free to move it to other sites, but for now it may be best to
leave it here; I think the files are all reasonably OK, with no fatal
flaws (Harry Bartholomew helped test the access), but wider
distribution should perhaps be slowed for several days, to make
corrections of serious flaws easier to make)
The following 6 files are included:
Contents-Long   (A detailed table of contents, about 10 KB)
CP-FAQ    (The complete CYPHERNOMICON, uncompressed for the time
           being, about 1.3 MB)
Contents-Short   (A brief table of contents)
MFAQ    (One of the chapters, the "Most Frequently Asked Questions")
Release-Notes   (Some comments on the FAQ.)
README    (Much more detailed comments, also included as the final
          chapter)
Here is the Contents-Short:
THE CYPHERNOMICON
1. Introduction
2. MFAQ--Most Frequently Asked Questions
3. Cypherpunks -- History, Organization, Agenda
4. Goals and Ideology -- Privacy, Freedom, New Approaches
5. Cryptology
6. The Need For Strong Crypto
7. PGP --  Pretty Good Privacy
8. Anonymity, Digital Mixes, and Remailers
9. Policy: Clipper,Key Escrow, and Digital Telephony
10. Legal Issues
11. Surveillance, Privacy, And Intelligence Agencies
12. Digital Cash and Net Commerce
13. Activism and Projects
14. Other Advanced Crypto Applications
15. Reputations and Credentials
16. Crypto Anarchy
17. The Future
18. Loose Ends and Miscellaneous Topics
19. Appendices
20. README
Comments should be sent to me. Future releases will be coming.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-11 16:46:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Crypto Anarchist Manifesto 
My "rant" has been there since the beginning of the ftp site at soda,
nearly 2 years ago. I suspect it was why the directory was named
(I'm just starting to get mail again...AVOID NETCOM IF YOU CAN!)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-11 17:27:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Curious content 
I will remove it, in an upcoming release (may not be for several
weeks, as I noted in the docs), but it illustrates some interesting
1. That people's words on open lists are of course archived in many
2. Unless Paul's a speed reader, he probably grepped for his own name
to find what quotes were used, what credit was given, what mention was
made. I suspect a _lot_ of people will do that first thing. Some will
be pissed to _not_ find their name enough times (or at all, perhaps).
Others will want their words changed, their thoughts expanded upon.
3. In general, I don't want to encourage the dozens of you who are
quoted to send me messages asking for this. Your words are your words,
and others have been linking them in Web pages, quoting them, etc.
4. If someone thinks I _seriously_ am misrepresnting them (and I don't
think Paul can claim my comment did...after all, I was discussing the
heavy concentraiton of spooks and telcos in the Northern Virginia
nexus, and Paul was making the same point when he added the bit about
the NRO headquarters in Chantilly), then send me a private not and I
will consider taking some action.
(But don't take this as an invitation to grep for your name and then
ask for changes.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-11 17:50:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Running PGP on Netcom (and Similar) 
A "Cypherpunk RISK" (apologies to the "RISKS" list) to running PGP on
Netcom, Portal, America Online, etc. systems (and on university,
corporate, etc. systems), is the obtaiing of *all* records,
directories, etc. by court order.
This has happened more than once, and will likely happen more and more
in the future, as law enforcement realizes what a treasure trove this
can be.
(The person being monitored may not be told about it, of course.)
The latest such case involved Lewis De Payne, a user, and Netcom, his
(and my) Internet provider. Details are being discussed in Usenet
groups, and were brought up also at yesterday's Cypherpunks meeting.
Not that had Mr. De Payne been using PGP on Netcom, with his secret
key stored there, the cops would have it. (The passphrase maybe not,
depending on whether he stored _that_ there, too. And whether Netcom
had logs of keystrokes entered, which strikes me as something they
would probably have--we really need a "zero knowledge" kind of
"reach-back" for remotely-run PGP.)
I just don't think the dangers are worth it. All the theoretical hot
air about whether kestroke timings are "random enough" is moot if
Netcom is turning over records to investigators.
It creates a dangerous illusion of security. (For those with no home machines, and perhaps those who mainly use
campus services, workstations, etc., I'm not faulting you; people use
what they have to use. Longer term, though, PGP needs to run on secure
hardware. Secure meaning not easily grabbed by the authorities without
even one's knowledge!!)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-11 18:58:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Stone Soup FAQs, and Mechanics of Information Gathering 
Thanks...I also think my doc has been slow in coming. Like I said,
it's taken too long to write.
Out of curiousity, I did a search of the doc for Paul's name and was
surprised to see that I'd only used one of his quotes. Oh well. People should bear in mind the random nature of how I pulled quotes.
Since there may be some interest in this, I'll comment:
- Though the FAQ covers material going back for _years_, especially
the past 2 years, more recent material is more heavily weighted. That
is, recent stuff is likelier to be used.
- In particular, once the overall structure took shape (the major
chapter headings, the themes), I often would see something that looked
"interesting" and would directly attach it, with some massaging of the
text, selective elisions, etc., to the appropriate branch of my
outline structure. - This means that postings in the last several months are
over-represented as compared to earlier stuff from the "archives."
(Side Note: I spent perhaps too long, several months back, laboriously
using Eudora to sort into folders the many thousands of posts I had on
nearly as many topics. The result was awe-inspiring: an optical
cartridge containing folders on every conceivable variant of digital
money, for example, and containing many hundreds of folders on other
topics. The *usefulness* of all this effort--which was by no means a
"set it up and walk away" filtering job, as I had to decide on the
search criteria, created the filters, etc.--has been less
awe-inspiring, as I don't have time to _re-read_ the sorted posts to
find good stuff!  Still, on each and every topic in the FAQ, I can
call up multiple posts by people, and I could probably double the size
of the FAQ just by including tidbits from these posts. The Cypherpunks
have written a truly astounding amoun to good stuff.)
I also don't want to leave the impression that I am not looking for
additional comments and elaborations. I am. But there's great danger in people using the points made in the FAQ to
just expand or elaborate on. I know how addictive it is to comment on
what people have written....
So, send your comments.
I'm skeptical of "stone soup FAQs" ("Here's a short outline...send me
stuff"), which is why I've written what I've written. But comments and
corrections are always welcome, as I make clear in the accompanying
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-12 10:40:09
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CONTROL FREAKS (nee, AIDs testing and privacy) 
I was busy last week, so did anyone tape Oprah's episode on crypto?
Sally Jesse Raphael is doing "The Dining Transexual Cryptographers
Problem" and Montel Williams is doing "Men who love women who love
It's so exciting to see crypto enter the mainstream. Me, I can't wait
for next month's Barbara Walters interview with Dorothy Denning!

@_date: 1994-09-12 10:43:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Running PGP on Netcom (and Similar) 
Well, I iused the "reach-back" term in a vague way, to suggest an
avenue...it may not be the correct term.
We need a system where a user, Alice, computes *something different
every time*...a conventional "challenge-response" is not good enough,
as anyone monitoring the line or having access to the logs can then
impersonate Alice. Zero knowledge interactive proof systems offer such
a thing...in fact, password schemes are one of the applications that
have been written about.
Maybe in PGP 4.0....
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-12 11:16:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How to Handle Corrections/Additions to Cyphernomicon 
Thanks all for the responses to the Cyhernomicon.
Some people have begun to send corrections, clarifications,
elaborations, etc., and others have asked me what _form_ such points
shold be made in, e.g., should they list the "16.3.1" section numbers,
So here are some points:
1. By all means send corrections, etc., as I said in the docs (the
Release Note).
2. Include a *fragment of text* you are responding to. This will allow
me to grep for the fragment or keyword and thus make the changes.
3. The section numbers ("13.9.1") are *NOT* useful, as they change
automatically everytime I rearrange material. (By the way, I only
chose to number the stuff out to 3 levels..."MORE" will do it to any
number of levels, or mix in bullets, stars, Roman numbers, etc.)
4. If you think some points ought to be publically discussed, use your
judgement and, then, go ahead and do so. Obviously I didn't intend the
FAQ as a static, undiscussable document.
(There are themes in it that don't get enough discussion, and that
need discussion.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-12 11:48:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "The Book of Encyphered Names" 
Somebody asked me what the name "Cyphernomicon" means, another said it
was not at all an obscure reference. And another asked if I was
claiming that encyption is in some way "evil."
I merely borrowed the name from the original "Cyphernomicon," also
called "The Book of Encyphered Names." It came to us early this
century via the Black Russian anarchist Peter Krypotkin, who had
obtained his copy from Sheik Ibn al-Taz Khallikak, the Pine Barrens
It apparently originated in ancient Sumeria, where the cuneiform
writing lent itself to encypherment, and spread from the gates of
Ishtar to the back alleys of Damascus. A knock-off of it was done by
the Mad Arab Al-hazred, and translated by John Dee (better known for
his work with Kool John Dee and the Rappin' Cryps).
The Cyphernomicon was apparently the basis for the crypto system used
by King Solomon for his "Keys of Solomon" (Solomon-Strasser primality
The original manuscript is on display in the Crypto Museum in
Twenty-Nine Primes, California (a few miles from the NSA SIGINT post
at Zzyzx).
I got this information from my friend Klaus! von Future Prime.
--Tim

@_date: 1994-09-12 12:28:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon in compressed forms 
I've put two versions of the FAQ up in compressed forms, labelled
"compressed" and "gzipped" (with the .Z and .z suffixes). These can be
handled in the normal way, with "uncompress" (at your end) and
"gunzip" at your end (I'm not sure the trick of forcing the gunzip at
my end will work, with the chmod bits I set...that's a reason I left
it in uncompressed form).
I'm doing this because someone said their VAX won't take files bigger
than 1 MB. This may help, as the compressed files are around 450K
But please don't ask me for other versions. In particular, I can't
help the CompuServe users, etc.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-12 19:22:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Distribution of FAQ to CompuServe, American Online, etc. 
I've had two messages this afternoon asking if people could/should
post the Cyhernomicon on AOL and CompuServe. I replied in a negative
way to each request, but maybe I need to explain further.
My "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" has been spread to many boards. Which
is good, I guess. What's not good in this electronic age is dealing
with the dozen or so messages I get in most weeks asking questions,
challenging the assumptions, requestiing explanations of terms like
"MIPS" and "ISDN," etc.  ("Like, dewd, anarchy is like cool..heh heh heh" or "I'm writing a
paper for my Poli Sci class and I have some questions...")  I just don't have the time to do this kind of "outreach." Some of them
I tell about the Cypherpunks list--some of you may've joined via this
sort of thing--but others I just thank, telling them I can't engage in
a letter-writing process with them.
Back to CompuServe and AOL. The FAQ I wrote has a lot of
Cypherpunks-centric material in it, and is not intended as an
"outreach" document (as, say, some short libertarian books by Hazlitt
and Karl Hess were intended to be).
I don't even plan to announce it on Usenet, so announcing it on
CompuServe, AOL, etc., seems like a bad idea.
On the other hand, putting it on these services and then announcing it
only to Cypherpunks is OK...just another distribution channel.
But don't advertise it to non-Cypherpunks, for these reasons.
I just can't handle the questions that would arise. I hope you all can understand this.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-09-13 12:50:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Mailing list for cryptography 
Not to mention "sci.crypt.research," a moderated group which was just
approved and should appear soon.
I wish Perry well, but I personally think there are already too many
newsgroups, mailing lists, and Web pages out there. I'd rather see
people reading the crypto literature ("Paper rulz!") than getting on
so many mailing lists and other forums.
I know of at least several crypto groups (not counting PGP per se),
several PGP groups, several "security" groups, and half a dozen
mailing lists on "digital money" in one form or another (IMP-Interest,
EDI, NetCommerce (or somesuch), LibTech, AltInst, etc.).
Personally, though I'm biased, I think Cyhperpunks has show itself to
have the staying power and overall size and depth of knowledge that
most of these other groups have lacked. Surprisingly, there is no Usenet group devoted to digital money, no
"alt.e$" or "alt.netcash." A better idea might be "sci.econ.????,"
where the "????" is something appropriate. (I say "sci." because
sci.econ and sci.econ.research already exist, not because I believe
economics is a science.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-14 00:18:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) RC4 Algorithm revealed. 
Someone (probably one of you!) has posted this item to several
Note the forgery, a la port 25, of "David Sterndark"'s name. I, too, am shocked, simply shocked, and will be nofifying the "Casa
Blanca" of this breach.
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.security,comp.security.misc,alt.privacy
Path: netcom.com!sterndark
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 261-4700 guest)
I am shocked,  shocked, I tell you,  shocked, to discover
that the cypherpunks have illegaly and criminally revealed
a crucial RSA trade secret and harmed the security of
America by reverse engineering the RC4 algorithm and
publishing it to the world.
   SUBJECT:  RC4 Source Code
   I've tested this.  It is compatible with the RC4 object module
   that comes in the various RSA toolkits.     /* rc4.h */
   typedef struct rc4_key
   {              unsigned char state[256];               unsigned char x;                unsigned char y;
   } rc4_key;
   void prepare_key(unsigned char *key_data_ptr,int key_data_len,
   rc4_key *key);
   void rc4(unsigned char *buffer_ptr,int buffer_len,rc4_key * key);
   /*rc4.c */
    "rc4.h"
   static void swap_byte(unsigned char *a, unsigned char *b);
   void prepare_key(unsigned char *key_data_ptr, int key_data_len,
   rc4_key *key)
   {
        unsigned char swapByte;
        unsigned char index1;
        unsigned char index2;
        unsigned char* state;
        short counter;             state = &key->state[0];                 for(counter = 0; counter < 256; counter++)                      state[counter] = counter;                       key->x = 0;             key->y = 0;             index1 = 0;             index2 = 0;                     for(counter = 0; counter < 256; counter++)              {                            index2 = (key_data_ptr[index1] + state[counter] +
                index2) % 256;                             swap_byte(&state[counter], &state[index2]);                         index1 = (index1 + 1) % key_data_len;          }           }
    void rc4(unsigned char *buffer_ptr, int buffer_len, rc4_key *key)
    {         unsigned char x;
        unsigned char y;
        unsigned char* state;
        unsigned char xorIndex;
        short counter;                      x = key->x;             y = key->y;             state = &key->state[0];                 for(counter = 0; counter < buffer_len; counter ++)              {                            x = (x + 1) % 256;                                   y = (state[x] + y) % 256;                            swap_byte(&state[x], &state[y]);                                     xorIndex = (state[x] + state[y]) % 256;                              buffer_ptr[counter] ^= state[xorIndex];                  }                        key->x = x;              key->y = y;
    }
    static void swap_byte(unsigned char *a, unsigned char *b)
    {
        unsigned char swapByte;         swapByte = *a;         *a = *b;              *b = swapByte;
    }
Another cypherpunk, this one not anonymous, tested the
output from this algorithm against the output from
official RC4 object code
   Date: Tue, 13 Sep 94 18:37:56 PDT
   From: ekr at eit.COM (Eric Rescorla)
   Message-Id: <9409140137.AA17743 at eitech.eit.com>
   Subject: RC4 compatibility testing
   Cc: cypherpunks at toad.com
   One data point:
   I can't say anything about the internals of RC4 versus the
   algorithm that Bill Sommerfeld is rightly calling 'Alleged RC4',
   since I don't know anything about RC4's internals.    However, I do have a (legitimately acquired) copy of BSAFE2 and
   so I'm able to compare the output of this algorithm to the output
   of genuine RC4 as found in BSAFE. I chose a set of test vectors
   and ran them through both algorithms. The algorithms appear to
   give identical results, at least with these key/plaintext pairs.
   I note that this is the algorithm _without_ Hal Finney's
   proposed modification
   (see <199409130605.XAA24133 at jobe.shell.portal.com>).
   The vectors I used (together with the ciphertext they produce)
   follow at the end of this message.
   -Ekr
   Disclaimer: This posting does not reflect the opinions of EIT.
   --------------------results follow--------------
   Test vector 0
   Key: 0x01 0x23 0x45 0x67 0x89 0xab 0xcd 0xef    Input: 0x01 0x23 0x45 0x67 0x89 0xab 0xcd 0xef    0 Output: 0x75 0xb7 0x87 0x80 0x99 0xe0 0xc5 0x96    Test vector 1
   Key: 0x01 0x23 0x45 0x67 0x89 0xab 0xcd 0xef    Input: 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00    0 Output: 0x74 0x94 0xc2 0xe7 0x10 0x4b 0x08 0x79    Test vector 2
   Key: 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00    Input: 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00    0 Output: 0xde 0x18 0x89 0x41 0xa3 0x37 0x5d 0x3a    Test vector 3
   Key: 0xef 0x01 0x23 0x45    Input: 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00    0 Output: 0xd6 0xa1 0x41 0xa7 0xec 0x3c 0x38 0xdf 0xbd 0x61    Test vector 4
   Key: 0x01 0x23 0x45 0x67 0x89 0xab 0xcd 0xef    Input: 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01 0x01    0x01    0 Output: 0x75 0x95 0xc3 0xe6 0x11 0x4a 0x09 0x78 0x0c 0x4a 0xd4    0x52 0x33 0x8e 0x1f 0xfd 0x9a 0x1b 0xe9 0x49 0x8f    0x81 0x3d 0x76 0x53 0x34 0x49 0xb6 0x77 0x8d 0xca    0xd8 0xc7 0x8a 0x8d 0x2b 0xa9 0xac 0x66 0x08 0x5d    0x0e 0x53 0xd5 0x9c 0x26 0xc2 0xd1 0xc4 0x90 0xc1    0xeb 0xbe 0x0c 0xe6 0x6d 0x1b 0x6b 0x1b 0x13 0xb6    0xb9 0x19 0xb8 0x47 0xc2 0x5a 0x91 0x44 0x7a 0x95    0xe7 0x5e 0x4e 0xf1 0x67 0x79 0xcd 0xe8 0xbf 0x0a    0x95 0x85 0x0e 0x32 0xaf 0x96 0x89 0x44 0x4f 0xd3    0x77 0x10 0x8f 0x98 0xfd 0xcb 0xd4 0xe7 0x26 0x56    0x75 0x00 0x99 0x0b 0xcc 0x7e 0x0c 0xa3 0xc4 0xaa    0xa3 0x04 0xa3 0x87 0xd2 0x0f 0x3b 0x8f 0xbb 0xcd    0x42 0xa1 0xbd 0x31 0x1d 0x7a 0x43 0x03 0xdd 0xa5    0xab 0x07 0x88 0x96 0xae 0x80 0xc1 0x8b 0x0a 0xf6    0x6d 0xff 0x31 0x96 0x16 0xeb 0x78 0x4e 0x49 0x5a    0xd2 0xce 0x90 0xd7 0xf7 0x72 0xa8 0x17 0x47 0xb6    0x5f 0x62 0x09 0x3b 0x1e 0x0d 0xb9 0xe5 0xba 0x53    0x2f 0xaf 0xec 0x47 0x50 0x83 0x23 0xe6 0x71 0x32    0x7d 0xf9 0x44 0x44 0x32 0xcb 0x73 0x67 0xce 0xc8    0x2f 0x5d 0x44 0xc0 0xd0 0x0b 0x67 0xd6 0x50 0xa0    0x75 0xcd 0x4b 0x70 0xde 0xdd 0x77 0xeb 0x9b 0x10    0x23 0x1b 0x6b 0x5b 0x74 0x13 0x47 0x39 0x6d 0x62    0x89 0x74 0x21 0xd4 0x3d 0xf9 0xb4 0x2e 0x44 0x6e    0x35 0x8e 0x9c 0x11 0xa9 0xb2 0x18 0x4e 0xcb 0xef    0x0c 0xd8 0xe7 0xa8 0x77 0xef 0x96 0x8f 0x13 0x90    0xec 0x9b 0x3d 0x35 0xa5 0x58 0x5c 0xb0 0x09 0x29    0x0e 0x2f 0xcd 0xe7 0xb5 0xec 0x66 0xd9 0x08 0x4b    0xe4 0x40 0x55 0xa6 0x19 0xd9 0xdd 0x7f 0xc3 0x16    0x6f 0x94 0x87 0xf7 0xcb 0x27 0x29 0x12 0x42 0x64    0x45 0x99 0x85 0x14 0xc1 0x5d 0x53 0xa1 0x8c 0x86    0x4c 0xe3 0xa2 0xb7 0x55 0x57 0x93 0x98 0x81 0x26    0x52 0x0e 0xac 0xf2 0xe3 0x06 0x6e 0x23 0x0c 0x91    0xbe 0xe4 0xdd 0x53 0x04 0xf5 0xfd 0x04 0x05 0xb3    0x5b 0xd9 0x9c 0x73 0x13 0x5d 0x3d 0x9b 0xc3 0x35    0xee 0x04 0x9e 0xf6 0x9b 0x38 0x67 0xbf 0x2d 0x7b    0xd1 0xea 0xa5 0x95 0xd8 0xbf 0xc0 0x06 0x6f 0xf8    0xd3 0x15 0x09 0xeb 0x0c 0x6c 0xaa 0x00 0x6c 0x80    0x7a 0x62 0x3e 0xf8 0x4c 0x3d 0x33 0xc1 0x95 0xd2    0x3e 0xe3 0x20 0xc4 0x0d 0xe0 0x55 0x81 0x57 0xc8    0x22 0xd4 0xb8 0xc5 0x69 0xd8 0x49 0xae 0xd5 0x9d    0x4e 0x0f 0xd7 0xf3 0x79 0x58 0x6b 0x4b 0x7f 0xf6    0x84 0xed 0x6a 0x18 0x9f 0x74 0x86 0xd4 0x9b 0x9c    0x4b 0xad 0x9b 0xa2 0x4b 0x96 0xab 0xf9 0x24 0x37    0x2c 0x8a 0x8f 0xff 0xb1 0x0d 0x55 0x35 0x49 0x00    0xa7 0x7a 0x3d 0xb5 0xf2 0x05 0xe1 0xb9 0x9f 0xcd    0x86 0x60 0x86 0x3a 0x15 0x9a 0xd4 0xab 0xe4 0x0f    0xa4 0x89 0x34 0x16 0x3d 0xdd 0xe5 0x42 0xa6 0x58    0x55 0x40 0xfd 0x68 0x3c 0xbf 0xd8 0xc0 0x0f 0x12    0x12 0x9a 0x28 0x4d 0xea 0xcc 0x4c 0xde 0xfe 0x58    0xbe 0x71 0x37 0x54 0x1c 0x04 0x71 0x26 0xc8 0xd4    0x9e 0x27 0x55 0xab 0x18 0x1a 0xb7 0xe9 0x40 0xb0    0xc0

@_date: 1994-09-14 13:03:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Importance of Filtering 
The filtering/reptuations/volume issue has come up again.
And a couple of people are planning "reputation servers." I applaud
them for the effort, but I don't see them as needed for our list,
right now. That is, I don't plan to use them.
* what most people need are tools to filter out messages they don't
want to read. As we don't yet have quasi-intelligent agents that can
do this for us, this generally involves:
- filtering based on thread
- filtering based on author
* having these tools is more important to me than having a database of
what other people think about other people (reputation data bases).
There are several approaches:
* Unix kill-files, for those with the shells that support them
* Eudora-type filtering (ironically, Eudora is sold by Qualcomm, Phil
Karn's company), which allows various kinds of sorting.
* Extropians-style filtering, now being developed as a commercial
product by Harry Shapiro and Ray Cromwell. (To be clear about things,
Hugh Daniel, Eric Hughes, etc., expressed their willingness to install
the Extropians-style software shortly after it became available,
almost 2 years ago. Various delays ensued, then the offer by the
authors was put in limbo, then the commercialization phase ensued.)
* Anyone can operate a refector for the list, as per several
statements on this. Hal Finney, for example, offered (offers?) an
encrypted-only version. My point: someone could set up a filtering
service, a digester, whatever, and others could subscribe.
(Yes, Robert Hayden did this for a few weeks. While it may not have
been his "fault" that it went down, it shows the generally flaky and
catch-as-catch-can nature of so many part-time, hobbyist systems. Like
the remailers that go down when the laptop running it gets taken to
Spain for the summer :-}. A "for profit" service, at some quarterly
fee and with a contractual relationship to continue service, is a
better long-term approach.)
I sympathize with the concerns of Phil Karn and others, but let me
give a warning about this. The Extropians list, when I was on it, had
about the same volume at its peak that we now have, about 50-100
messages a day. Much debate about S/N ensued, much talk about charging
a fee for posting, about setting up quotas, about about official
reputation markets. At least 20% of all list traffic in some weeks was
devoted to kvetching about this problem.
A "reputation market" called the Hawthorne Exchange was set up, as
discussed here by Hal Finney (and also by me in my FAQ..grep for
Hawthorne or HEx). Even more jawboning went on.
And then of course there what the new list software. This allowed
folks to exclude authors, threads, etc., at the _point of
Is this a good idea.? Well, if one excluded 10% of the traffic, then
it would "save" having to receive 5-10 messages a day. Big deal.
I used the ExI software, and found it an interesting experiment, but I
can't say it save me any real effort. The effort of sending the
filtering message to the list site, hassling with the formats, etc.,
clearly outweighed the tiny effort it would have taken to manually
press "d" to delete the messages when then appeared.
I also found it useful to at least spend the 2-5 seconds to see what
was being talked about before pressing "D."
(A side issue: Whatever seconds were saved by the distribution-point
filtering (and I haven't mentioned the CPU time required...an issue
for us to consider with 700 list members) on the Extropians list were
often negated for the others by people asking "What are you talking
about?" or "Could someone send me Joe's posting on foo--I had him in
my ::exclude file.")
In other words, I find just being real fast on the "D" key is my best
way to cope with list volume.
Your mileage may vary, but I doubt that the Extropians-style software
is going to help much...I used it, and my experiences are what I just
described. Filtering is the wave of the future.
Paul Baclace, sometimes on this list, was working on filter agents for
Usenet that could learn preferences. And I've seen such things with
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-16 10:46:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The mother of all FAQs 
Yes, "FAQ" is a misnomer (a miscyphernomer?). And as long as it is, it
won't answer questions that get asked here, such as:
"I've looked for a FAQ on versions of RC4 that run on the Amiga, and I
can't find anything."
(Well, I'm kidding about this one, but similarly obscure questions do
come up. Rishab is right that most "FAQs" are becoming much more than
that. It seems to me we need a new term.)
I don't expect many people will try to read all 1.3 MB. Actually, the
text part is about 1 MB, with another 200-300KB added when I saved the
file so as to preserve the outline format. (I had to use MORE saved as
a Microsoft Word doc, then "Save Text with Layout," a little-used (and
buggy!) filter option that inserts spaces so as to preserve some
semblance of the original outline structure.)
I expect that people will pursue what interests them and ignore the
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-16 12:07:05
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: RC4 discsussion also belongs on sci.crypt 
It's something of a tribute to the success of the Cypherpunks list
that so much of the discussion about RC4 is happening here, rather
than on sci.crypt.
However, if we want the source code to get published, the discussion
probably needs to to at least be echoed in sci.crypt and similar
public fora/forums^H^H^H^H^H places.
A journalist I know has expressed frustration that more of the RC4
discussion is not going on a more public place.

@_date: 1994-09-17 10:47:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) "Will You Be a Terrorist?" 
Not all of you like posts that mention "guns" in any form, so if this
the case for you, hit "D" now.
I think the recently-passed Crime Act has implications for what some
are calling "terrorist speech" and that Cypherpunks remailers may be
construed as "PROVIDING MATERIAL SUPPORT TO TERRORISTS" in the
context of being "communications equipment."
Consider this "food for thought."
An excerpt, and commentary by the original anonymous poster, is
included below.
I know that our favorite optimists, Duncan Frissell and Sandy
Sandfort, are fond of saying that it's already over, that we've
already won, that the state is powerless, etc., but when I read the
text of the Crime Bill (available from ftp.nra.org in
pub/legislation), I just can't buy that.
I see a growing police force, I see U.N. blue helmets, I see many more
prosecutions for a growing list of crimes, I see my gun rights being
taken away, and on and on.
In the section below, read carefully the sections about providing
support for "terrorists." Note that belonging to a pro- or
anti-abortion group in which _one_ of the members uses violence (a
fistfight, a jostling of a cop, or a shooting...) makes the group a
"terrorist" group, under the new language of the Crime Act.
I will not be surprised to hear that the Cypherpunks group is
classified as a terrorist group, for a variety of reasons (not the
least of which was the "liberation" of the RC4 code, the
Mykotronx-government deal info, the debates about undermining the
government, the talk of assasination markets, etc.).
Sorry, but I just can't "Don't worry, be happy."
--Tim May
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns
X-Mailer: mail-news 2.0.3
Remailed-By: remail at extropia.wimsey.com
Comments: This message was anonymously remailed. Do not reply to the address in [Check it out - Cross-posted from Fidonet:]
    The "Crime Bill" passed by Congress recently (truename: Violent
 Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994) has a frightening
 provision that hides a boogeyman under its superficially appealing
 surface:
    *----------*          *----------*          *----------*
SEC. 120005. PROVIDING MATERIAL SUPPORT TO TERRORISTS.
    (a) Offense.--Chapter 113A of title 18, United States Code, is
amended by adding the following new section:
``Sec. 2339A. Providing material support to terrorists
    ``(a) Definition.--In this section, `material support or resources'
means currency or other financial securities, financial
services, lodging, training, safehouses, false documentation or
identification, communications equipment, facilities, weapons,
lethal substances, explosives, personnel, transportation, and
other physical assets, but does not include humanitarian
assistance to persons not directly involved in such violations.
    ``(b) Offense.--A person who, within the United States, provides
material support or resources or conceals or disguises the
nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or
resources, knowing or intending that they are to be used in
preparation for, or in carrying out, a violation of section 32,
36, 351, 844 (f) or (i), 1114, 1116, 1203, 1361, 1363, 1751,
2280, 2281, 2331, or 2339 of this title or section 46502 of
title 49, or in preparation for or carrying out the concealment
of an escape from the commission of any such violation, shall
be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.
    ``(c) Investigations.--
            ``(1) In general.--Within the United States, an
        investigation may be initiated or continued under this
        section only when facts reasonably indicate that--
                    ``(A) in the case of an individual, the
                individual knowingly or intentionally engages,
                has engaged, or is about to engage in the
                violation of this or any other Federal criminal
                law; and
                    ``(B) in the case of a group of
                individuals, the group knowingly or
                intentionally engages, has engaged, or is about
                to engage in the violation of this or any other
                Federal criminal law.
            ``(2) Activities protected by the first
        amendment.--An investigation may not be initiated or
        continued under this section based on activities
        protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution,
        including expressions of support or the provision of
        financial support for the nonviolent political,
        religious, philosophical, or ideological goals or
        beliefs of any person or group.''.
    (b) Technical Amendment.--The chapter analysis for chapter 113A of
title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding the
following new item:
``2339A. Providing material support to terrorists.''.
    *----------*          *----------*          *----------*
    In the U.S. Title 18 Code, terrorism is defined as "engaging in
 any act or conspiring to engage in any act intended to intimidate
 or coerce the civilian population or the government" or close words
 to that effect. What does this mean? Suppose you organize a militia
 and some little jot or tittle is just that much off -- and the thugs
 at the BATF or FBI or NatPol decide that your militia is an "armed
 group"? They can now seize your house, your car, your bank account
 and anything else even remotely connected with the maintenance or
 support of the militia, and make *you* prove your innocence before
 the Federal thugs will grudgingly return your life to you. Suppose
 you participate in a demonstration against abortion and just one
 member of the peaceful demonstration gets into a fistfight with
 an escort. You had given a ride to this demonstrator -- is the
 fistfight "terrorism" and you a collaborator in this "terrorism"
 to be arrested and thrown in jail and your car seized until you
 can prove that you did not know that the other demonstrator did
 intend to fight with an escort? Suppose you demonstrate against
 national health care and you yell that Clinton should be thrown
 out of office and make a threatening gesture -- will the thugs
 treat this as an "attempt to intimidate the government" and take
 your car and perhaps your home if you used it to prepare materials
 for the demonstration? Suppose you quote Thomas Jefferson's words
 about a revolution being due every twenty years -- will you be
 thrown into jail for that? Note that the above section does not
 allow anything but "NON-violent" goals. This is another direct
 attack upon the First Amendment and deeply disturbing in its
 implications when considered as part of a set of other federal
 statutes scattered across Title 18 criminal law.
***end of quoted section***
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
Cypherpunks list: majordomo at toad.com with body message of only: subscribe cypherpunks. FAQ available at ftp.netcom.com in pub/tcmay

@_date: 1994-09-17 12:54:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) "Will You Be a Terrorist?" 
I didn't they *are* singled out, just that the Crime Act has some
implications for remailers, should the authorities seek to apply the
law. And as for Netcom and similar services not requiring proofs of
identity, I expect this to change over the next few years (a
combination of the Crime Act, the upcoming immigration legislation,
and fears that the Net is too unregulated).
Any port 25 in a storm? Exploitation of holes is a classic case of
"security through obscurity," useful only for short periods of time,
and never very certain.
Stealth remailers is a good thing to work on, I agree. I'd first
settle for having more offshore remailers. There are all sorts of other schemes, too.
Under the Crime Act and RICO statutes, we may be committing consiracy
merely by talking amongst ourselves. (Maybe this is an exaggeration,
as I'm not a lawyer and have no desire to become one.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-17 13:56:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: (fwd) "Will You Be a Terrorist?" 
I probably wasn't clear. I didn't mean just talking, with no actions,
but talking about new remailer features designed to thwart law
enforcement, and then implementing the features.
(In this interpretation, the remailers that many of us have talked
about, designed, written software, run on our systems, etc., could be
considered to be part of a conspiracy, should Bidzos, Mykotronx,
ClariNet, the Feds, etc., choose to focus on remailers as "a
continuing criminal enterprise.")
We've done more than just talk, you'll have to agree.
--Tim may

@_date: 1994-09-18 01:45:49
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: More about Cypherpunks in *Expanded* Markoff Article! 
[I've been gone all day and just got home.  I didn't see anybody else
writing about the extra mentions of Cypherpunks, compared to the "NYT"
article mentioned earlier, so here it is.]
Yes, folks, there's more on Cypherpunks in the Markoff article than
what the "New York Times" printed.
"All the news that fits, we print" applies as well to their column
inches quota, apparently.
I discovered that my local paper, the "San Jose Mercury News," carried
several more paragraphs that Markoff wrote. No joke, no satire here
from Klaus! The extra paragraphs are below:
"...Such software permits computer users to send messages so that they
are routed anonymously  [this is where NYT ended the piece]
"leaving little or no evidence for tracing the message back to the
original sender." [included in SJMN piece]
"Although motives for the disclosure of the formula remain unclear,
there has been a bitter controversy between computer users on the
Cypherpunks mailing list and executives at RSA Data Security.....
"Members of the Cypherpunks groups have contended that the RSA Data
Security patents constitute a monopoly that is hindering the
widespread use of data encryption software.
"Some members of the Cypherpunks have said they plan to take apart the
RC4 formula to create their own version, which would not be controlled
by RSA Data Security."
[this is where the SJMN ended it....I'm not sure if the Vallejo Valley
Times-Picayune carried more]
Quite a bit more on the Cypherpunks role, I'd say. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-19 10:50:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Unfinished FAQ? 
[Rishab addressed this to the list as well, so I'll respond in
First, it will never be "finished."
Second, the less-than-1.00 numbering is, as usual, indicative that the
version is less-than-complete.
Third, I explained this in the Release Notes. I suggest people read
this first. To repeat, I felt it was important to get out what I had. Many people
had been bugging^H^H^H^H asking me about it for the past few months,
so I decided to issue what I had in time for the 2nd Anniversary
meeting. I missed that deadline by less than 20 hours.
Yes, there's a mix of styles, partly prose essays, partly enumerated
lists of points. And even incomplete sections. Such is life.
Like I said in the Release Notes, anybody is welcome to get their
money back.
Meanwhile, more than a megabyte of text exists. Ought to be enough for
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-19 22:29:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Location of FAQ at Karl's Site 
I first want to thank Karl Barrus for making my Cyphernomicon FAQ
available in separate chapters.
And to answer question raised above by JOHNKC, either of the following
will get you to Karl's files (I found them by gopher, but anonymous
ftp showed various files, but nothing obvious to me as the files that
gopher showed...but I didn't look too hard):
gopher chaos.bsu.edu ftp chaos.bsu.edu
--Tim

@_date: 1994-09-20 10:28:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Laws Outside the U.S. 
I heartily agree with Duncan here! There has been very little said by
the good residents of France, Germany, Sweden, Holland, Italy, etc.
about just what the crypto-related laws of their countries are.
Lots of clucking about U.S. policy, followed by "And the U.S. is not
the whole world" comments, but very little about, for example, the
Dutch Binnenlandse Veiligheids Dienst (BVD) is targetting crypto
users, or how, for example, the German Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND)
is pushing for constitutional limits on speech in Germany.
I for one would like to hear the discussion about what _other_
countries are doing. Rishab Ghosh has written some about what India is
doing, but not too much.
My hunch is that most of the Western nations are looking for policy
guidance to Washington, and that whatever laws the U.S. adopts as part
of Clipper-Key Escrow-Digital Telephony-Antiterrorism-Tracking will be
adopted in a similar form by the EC and other countries. (The recent
or upcoming conference on international issues in key escrow, whose
agenda was posted a while back, is indicative of this.)
So, I appreciate that some of our European readers may be tired of
hearing about U.S. policy or proposed laws, but the proper solution is
_competing speech_. That is, give us something new to talk about. Tell
us about what *your* country is doing. Tell us about any laws limiting
what kind of modems can be hooked up to your PTTs, as a concrete
example. Tell us about the raids on BBSs in Italy. Tell us about the
rumor that the Netherlands plans to ban unapproved crypto. Tell us
about Chobetsu, the Japanese NSA.
We and the NSA are all ears.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-20 10:44:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: On the crime bill and remailers 
I agree with Hal Finney's point that current remailers are far from
the "ideal mix" described by Chaum and are basically not very good at
what they are supposed to do.
Most remailers would not hold up to even fairly simple input-output
analysis, let alone surveillance of the whole set of remailers. (I
often think that in cryptanalysis of remailers we are roughly at the
1930s level of ciphermaking, where "Gee, it looks pretty complicated
to me....I can't see any way to break it, so it must be secure"
reasoning substituted for detailed mathematical or
information-theoretic analysis.)
These are what Julf- or Cypherpunks-style remailers are presently good
for, but the goals of getting hundreds of remailers out there with
much-improved mix characteristics is certainly intended to provide
security against a more formidable adversary than the local sysop.
Well, Hal is certainly entitled to his view. I strongly support ideal
mixes as a tool for obtaining increased freedom from coercive
governments (whether in Burma/Myanmar or in the U.S.), and hence view
government surveillors as the chief adversary, not the local sysop.
Is this "wrong and harmful"? Maybe. This is why I brought up the "supporting terrorists" language
of the Crime Act.
Free speech ain't what it used to be. But maybe it will be again, with
our help.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-20 16:52:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Laws Outside the U.S. 
First, thanks to Mats Bergstrom, Alex de Joode, and Matthew Gream for
posting good essays about the situation in their respective countries.
(And to those who posted earlier...I did not mean to imply in my
posting earlier that nobody had ever described the situations in
non-U.S. countries, only that more such discussions are needed.)
Indeed. One of the mysteries is why so few French are on our list...I
can't recall any, actually. Their country has some of the most
draconian laws, it is alleged, and, as Phil notes, an active SDECE
industrial espionage unit.
(I have no dislike for the French, by the way. I lived outside Nice
for more than a year. Don't ask me to translate the documents, though,
as that was 30 years ago and I was in an American school and learned
very little French.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-20 19:54:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Virtual assasins and lethal rema 
And the risk of losing the digital cash can be made vanishingly small
by use of anonymous escrow services, which act solely as holders of
the digital cash.
They will arise to fill two market needs:
1. The contract killers will not take the "word" of a contract
purchaser, who has nothing to lose by renegging after the deed is
done. A "reputatble" third party (obviously untraceable, of course)
will be desired.
2. Likewise, the purchaser will not make the payment to the contract
killer and then just "hope for the best." She, too, will want
protection from renegging, various excuses, etc.
Anonymous escrow services are an essential part of the ecology of
digital assassinations.
The thread we had on this a few weeks ago may be useful to those
interested. And my FAQ has some stuff on reputations, anonymous
escrow, etc.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-21 15:18:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Reserved DC-Net IP addresses - NOT! 
DC nets don't need _physically_ secure transmission between neighbors, by
any interpretation I can think of. Ordinary crypto security, arranged
separately from the DC net per se, should be sufficient. For example, swIPe
could fit nicely with DC nets.
Or any of the usual public key methods.
Maybe this is what Perry meant, but some might think from his words that
_physical security_ is needed. It is not. Rishab Ghosh in India and Mats
Bergstrom in Sweden and Matthew Gream in Australia could all participate in
a a Dining Cryptographers Net using only Diffie-Hellman to set up the
initial keys. Or using their existing public keys.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-09-21 16:23:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: THOSE DARNED HIT MEN 
[I'm back to getting mail late, sometimes by days, as Netcom's overloaded
servers bounce incoming mail, which means it gets resent some time later.
For example, as I write this, I've seen Sandy's "HIT MEN" response to David
Merriman, but not Merriman's post. This straggly situation puts me at a
disadvantage, but I shall strive to overcome it.]
Of course the real world will evolve complex, richly-textured constructs.
We all know that. I never presented a claim that the exact, and simple,
behavior could be predicted. Markets just don't work that way.
I can't follow Sandy's logic here. That I wouldn't use such services, that
Sandy wouldn't, etc., is hardly persuasive. Contract killings happen today,
after all. Sandy says this "would run up the cost." But from what basis?
I've made no predictions about the costs, either with or without the
participation in such markets by Sandy or me!
What the costs will be is unknown to me, and I don't plan to try to
forecast the costs. All I claim is that anonymous escrow services "solve"
the specific problem raised earlier about one or more of the parties
welshing on the contract. A kind of 'clearing' mechanism.
In any case, there are in fact "escrow agents" today for contract murders.
Mob families act in this way, putting the "full faith and credit" of their
organizations behind such hits. (I'm of course not saying that welshing
never occurs, that snags never develop, etc. Like any market, imperfections
The mob families are not cryptographically pseudonymous, naturally, but to
the extent the code of omerta applies, the internal transactions and
discussions are cut off from outside observation.
Reputations matter. If it becomes known that Frankie the Lip took money and
didn't make the hit he contracted to do, he'll not get many more jobs (and
his Don may send him to sleep with the fishes, for undermining the market
value of his own rep). And so on.
I won't belabor the point about how organized crime works, except to say
that contracts are routinely enforced by a mixture of things, with
reputation an important constituent. Yes. the threat of ultimate violence
is paramound, and this is of course lacking in the crypto case.
So we have to examine areas where only "reputation" matters. I've done this
in earlier posts on this very topic.
(a) The party to the escrow transaction posts a transcript of the
communications from the escrow agent, including his digitally signed
statements, and produces proof that he upheld his end of the bargain.
He then says: "Al's Anonymous Escrow" announced they were holding money for
this job, as you can see. I did the job, as you can see from the digitized
images I took at the scene, and now Al won't pay up. I call him a liar. I
plan to move my business to "Murder, Incorporated," which seems to have a
much better attitude."
Al cannot deny that the escrow arrangement was made, due to the digital
signatures (all handled via anonymous pools or similarly untraceable means,
it should be emphasized, despite the obviousness). Al can of course claim
that the hit was not made, that the presenter of the evidence was not the
actual hitter, etc. (if the party to the signed transaction is also the
presenter of the digitized image of the murder scene, for example, that
would be mighty compelling evidence that the party was in fact centrally
(b) damage to reputation. Sandy leaves it as "exercise for the student,"
but I think the point I just made shows that fully pseudonymous agents can
still present evidence to the court of public opinion and have their
reputations influenced positively or negatively. Reputations will still
(Again, nothing in my arguments presumes to speak to what the market costs
will be, how long it will take reputations to evolve, etc. I have some
ideas, but won't make them right now.)
(c) retaliating physically against the escrow agent. This is straw man, as
we all know.
If an escrow agent does this very often, he'll lose all his business.
Opportunity for an agent who takes his reputation more seriously to then
gain market share.
Just as with Swiss banks who can claim an account was closed by the
customer. Since signatures are so easy to forge, relatively speaking, this
ought to happen a lot, right? Of course, it happens almost not at all (so
far as I've ever heard), because of the points about reputations, future
business, etc. Lots of points here, and I'm not planning to get into a
massive discussion of why and how illegal gambling (bookies, for example)
works this way.
(I'll just make the aside that Sandy's arguments apply to bookies the same
way: bookmaking can't thrive, because some or most bookies will cheat their
customers and their customers can't sue them, can't affect their
reputation, and can't physically attack them. The key is that cheated
customers can and will "spread the word." This applies, with some minor
(but interesting) wrinkles, to crypto-mediated bookies. They're all closely
related issues...)
This just says that standards of proof will be a factor, naturally, and
that markets will take these into account. The phoney murder for hire
business, call it "Sandy's Salvage Company," will start of with a very low
reputation, as with any new outfit with little track record. The standards
for proof, the fees paid, etc., will be proportionately affected.
However, "Tim's Tribunal," which has had a 5-year record of "really and
truly" offing dozens, and which has not been "caught" as being in any of
the scams Sandy described, will demand and get a proportionately higher
fee, and will face fewer delays in being paid.
(Similar arguments apply to any of the parties, which is why I've followed
Sandy's lead in switching the focus from how to handle cheating escrow
agents to cheating contract killers.)
I've written enough. I'm not persuaded by Sandy's arguments that the threat
of cheaters is sufficient to derail these markets. It hasn't derailed them
in the real world. It won't in the less traceable but even more
reputation-critical crypto world.
Again, I've made no claims to how ubiquitous such markets will be, or what
the market dynamics will be. Only that strong crypto makes possible certain
types of markets which are now very illiquid.
The issue of "untraceable cheaters" comes up in many more areas than just
contract killings: information markets, pseudonymous consulting, etc.
This is why reputation, so important in the physical/legal world, is also
so important in the crypto world.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-09-21 17:00:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HIT MEN 
[For some odd reason, I'm only seeing Sandy's posts on this subject, not
those of Merriman, Barber, or Mays.]
That's just not true. Currently, many organizations--some known widely,
some shadowing, some essentially anonymous--count on their reputations for
being efficient, cold-blooded murderers as a means to scare off
competitors, increase their market value, etc. From Jamaican gangs who
execute the families of their targets to the CIA's Phoenix Program
operatives who mutilated their victims horribly, such "reps" are highly
To paraphrase Sandy, "BLOODY LIKELY."
Admitting to engaging in a criminal activity is not at issue--remember, all
parties are cryptographically protected and what they "admit" to doing
cannot reflect upon their physical/legal identities, only their digital
And those who contract for such services, via their pseudonyms, can "admit"
to wanting to buy such a service. (The issue of whether a well-respected
nym like "Locke" would want to publicize a failed hit on his arch-enemy
"Demosthenes" is a separate issue, which I won't conflate with this one.)
Gambling is illegal in most places, unless run by the state. And yet people
gamble, illegally. They use bookies. Bookies who are doing illegal things,
as the gamblers are. And yet if they get stiffed by a bookie, which
_sometimes_ happens, they tell their friends, family, etc., and the
reputation ripples spread.
Taking Sandy's "For murder escrows, a positive reputation is meaningless.
They can't--nor can anyone else--risk exposure of such negative
information. Escrows that admittedly engage in abetting criminal acts can
have NO MEANINGFUL REPUTATIONS." argument, are we to assume that this
applies to illegal betting? That stiffed bettors won't speak up because
there are "Escrows that admittedly engage in abetting criminal acts can
have NO MEANINGFUL REPUTATIONS"?
Crypto barely changes things, except to make outside interference less
likely. If, for example, Black Unicorn offers to transfer 100 Ghost Marks
to Pr0duct Cypher, for some C programming, and he doesn't feel he got his
money's worth, he can publicize it. Maybe we believe Black Unicorn, maybe
we don't. Maybe we ask to hear Pr0duct Cypher's side of the story. Maybe we
suggest that SOLONg act as a third party escrow agent. And so forth. Not
perfect, in some abstract sense of ultimate truth always coming out, but
reputations do indeed matter.
And whether the deeds contracted for are heinous or noble depends on your
point of view. To William Colby and the Viet Cong, the taking of ears and
other body parts by the Phoenix assassins was a fearsomely reputable thing
to do, regardless of what the 4H Club in Skokie might have thought about
If I contract with "Sandy's Salvage--You Pay, We Slay," I want to hear that
they've got some satisfied customers. (Yes, flooding of reputations is an
issue. Same issues as arise in DC Nets. Same kinds of solutions.)
Again, I've written too much, so I'll stop for now.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-09-21 19:41:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HIT MEN 
I'm looking. It's all a leapfrogging game. (I can recall when Sandy
was Netless, or stuck on some kind of almost-Netless service, now he's
probably at a better service than Netcom, which is currently suffering
from its past success, probably terminally. My next jump will be to
something that supports 28.8 or better, SLIP or PPP, etc.--please, no
useless recommendations about how I should get a Linux box and run it
off of The Little Garden. And no wasted "What's wrong with Linux?"
posts :-})
...stuff elided...
Conflating moral opinions ("revolted," "parasites," "immoral") with
the issues about detecting and dealing with cheating is where Sandy
and I have our strongest disagreement. But I've made these points elsewhere and won't again. All I'll say is
that the _customers_ for various such services are not put off by the
immorality or parasite-like nature.
And the _size_ of the market is not at issue. I'm not trying to sell
this as a business venture, just analyze the effects of strong crypto,
of crypto anarchy. Demonstrably there are markets for hits, for
kidnappings, for the sale of national defense secrets, for underground
organ banks, and so on. Lots of books, articles on the size of the
underworld economy (notably, James Mills, "The Underground Empire,"
and Claire Sterling's new book, "Thieve's World").
(I've not been responding to Sandy's jabs and argument about "dunce's
caps" and whatnot. I probably ought to delete this paragraph, lest I
be seen as flaming, but I won't. I just can't follow the point of
these sorts of arguments.)
Again, I've made no claims whatsover about what the costs will be.
Showing my frustration a bit, in line with the points above, how many
more times do I have to repeat this? (Answer: None, as I won't make
this point again and will ignore any posts that argue about costs.)
I can't see any point, frankly, in arguing this further.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-21 21:30:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: HIT MEN 
I'm not persuaded. Reputation is not having a nice feeling, it is
expecting that an agent will act as he is expected to act (not an
exact definition).
To someone who wants to hire a murderer--the NSA's hit teams, for
example--the "reputation" of a potentil hire is his track record,
basically. Reputations are not scalar properties, seen identically by
all persons, but are essentially confidence levels for specific
functions to be peformed, or services to be rendered.
Carlos the Jackal may or may not have deserved his reputation, but it
was his reputation to his potential employers that mattered, not our
moral judgments about the bombs he planted or the planes he hijacked.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-21 21:50:19
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: THOSE DARNED HIT MEN 
I've finally gotten all the posts from Merriman, Barber, and May (no
relation), and am in agreement with them more so than I am with either
Sandfort or Donald. I guess democracy wins again, eh?
David Merriman writes, quoting Sandy initially:
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Not enough entropy here! MegaCrypt v3.7 is clearly a charade. Probably
an FBI sting to catch contract killers.
But David is right in his point. --Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-22 12:49:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon FAQ -- Review in "Wired" 
A couple of items of interest:
1. Rishab Aiyer Ghosh tells me he has committed to write a review of the
Cyphernomicon FAQ for "Wired," for either December or January publication.
I had nothing to do with this, and it surprised me when he contacted me to
notify me. (I reminded him of the "pre-release" status, the
incompletenesses and holes, but he feels it's still timely to review it.
And by the time his review gets printed, a newer revision will be
I'll make some comments later, but I of course urge Rishab to make his own
comments here.
2. The Cyphernomicon is available in two main places that I know of:
* My own anonymous ftp site: ftp.netcom.com, in pub/tcmay
      - 6 files, including the full FAQ, listed as "CP-FAQ"
      - and 2 flavors of this in compressed and gzipped forms
      - Contents, MFAQ (Most Frequently Asked Questions), etc.
      - Netcom has been having performance problems, lately
* The Karl Barrus/Chael Hall gopher and ftp site: gopher chaos.bsu.edu
      - Karl has split the full CP-FAQ file into 20 chapters, each of
        which can be individually retrieved/mailed.
The Cyphernomicon can of course be put on other ftp sites, though this
complicates the version control problem. I would appreciate it if anybody
who does put it on an ftp site agrees to keep it current, to periodically
check my own ftp site and copy over newer versions.
(I think the approach of _pointers_ to a few sites is a better approach
than copying the actual documents to many sites. The most popular docs will
be replicated at more sites, but I think the Cyphernomicon FAQ is
sufficiently specialized that a few sites will be enough...that might
change if Rishab's review in "Wired" meets with interest...)
3. Hal Abelson, Professor of Computer Science at MIT, has asked me if he
could convert the FAQ into a Web document for his class on "ETHICS AND LAW
ON THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER." I have great respect for Hal--co-author of
course of the seminal "Structure and Interpretation of Computer
Programs"--so I responded favorably. He says that if I agree, which I did,
he'll leave the Web doc available permanently, even after the class is
over. More on what the URL is when it's ready; you can try
 which is his home page for his class.
4. Yes, I still have concerns about multiple, out-dated copies floating
around. I worry about people going to great lengths to "Webify" the version
they have, and then being unwilling, naturally enough, to repeat the work
each time a new version appears. I worry that the "pre-release" version,
the version 0.666 I released, will become frozen/encrusted/trapped in the
silk of the aptly-named "Web" and thus forever be the de facto public
(Unless I abandon the writing tools on my own computer and instead
concentrate only on adding links and making changes to the Web version.
This I just won't do.)
5. Rishab is especially anxious to get CompuServe, AOL, etc., versions
available, or referenced in his review in "Wired." Thus, if any of you want
to make this conversion, download the FAQ, or the chapters (from Karl's
site), etc., and _agree to keep the version relatively current_, then this
would be a Good Thing.
(I'm not sure the advanced stuff in the Cyphernomicon, stuff about
remailers, digital cash, etc., is the most useful stuff for typical "Wired"
readers, given the questions the material will generate (as it does on our
own list!), but this is not my call to make. Rishab says the editors at
"Wired" want his review, so it's out of my hands.)
Rishab says he needs to have the CompuServe/AOL/etc. addresses by 27
September, as his review is due on 1 October. So, not much time.
There are of course major _size_ problems. I tried to e-mail the FAQ to one
list member without ftp access who assured me his mail system could handle
it--but it couldn't. And another list member uses a VAX, and only the first
line would transfer. The compressed versions have also caused problems for
some folks (though not to others, so I know the versions are kosher).
Frankly, I shudder to think about the AOL and CompuServe folks, not to
mention the Prodigy customers, trying to get a megabyte-plus file, or a
gzipped file! So, if someone makes this available, please be careful to
make sure it is really retrievable and readable on these systems.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-09-23 12:04:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon FAQ -- Review in "Wired" 
Sorry! It never occurred to me that this could be a secret, as several
Cypherpunks have reported on upcoming articles they are writing, or
are to be interiviewed in. But, like Rishab mentioned, be discreet (as
well as being discrete, always a good thing for number theorists).
on Abelson's Web doc:
That's a matter of opinion, and perhaps of age. I find most hypertext
docs incredibly confusing and incoherent. Web docs I've seen are often
just a mishmash (mishmosh, for you Gen Xers) of scraps, of articles,
and of pointers to other, equally disorganized docs.
This is a raging debate in hypertext and authorial circles. The "voice
of the author" vs. "lost in hyperspace."
What kind of job Hal Abelson and his associates do--if they still plan
to do it (Hal contacted me within a matter of hours of the release, so
he clearly couldn't have seen much of it...maybe it's considered too
extreme, too outre, for an MIT class...)--is of course unknown. I
don't think any of them has the time to do a fine-granularity linkage,
so the "Web browsing" will mostly likely just be the usual
course-granularity linkages of entire chapters, not individual points,
a la Nelson.
If they agree to do so. But I see a lot of old, outdated FAQs on
people's systems, indicating that updates are often not diligently
All I ask is that anyone who puts up copies at their sites agrees to
maintain them as current, and if they leave their site or can't
maintain the docs currently, that they then delete the old version(s)
and thus not lead anyone into thinking that what they find is current.
Seems reasonable to me.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-25 00:20:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Debt of Honor" and Solution to Congress Problem 
Speaking of "Debt of Honor," I just finished it last week. The best
Clancy novel I've read in several years.
It bogs down in too many pages in the second half, in my opinion, but
the descripton of the U.S. financial system is masterful, a better
introduction to how monetary policy affects interest rates I haven't
And the description of the events surrounding a car defect is
chilling, and gripping.
I won't give any spoilers, but Clancy's solution to the problem of too
much government is, shall I say, "explosive." The Sato Solution is
something we can all work toward.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-25 11:58:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TIS, SKE, & CyberCash Inc. 
I agree that this is a crucial development to watch. Two related (I
think) developments:
- Al Gore writes a guest editorial in the latest "Discover" magazine.
His theme: an expansion of the "National Information Infrastructure"
he calls the "Global Information Infrastructure." The New World Order
in cyberspace. Wanna bet that this GII will have passports,
authorization slips, tax collection capabilities, and is-a-person
- The latest "Internet World" (Oct. '94, p. 11) confirms that
Microsoft is building Internet connectivity into upcoming releases of
Windows and Windows NT. Given their known involvement in SKE/GAK
(confirmed to me in e-mail, and reported here on this list a few
months back), this "Microsoft said it will build in suppport for those
protocols in the next versions of Windows and Windows NT" statement
bears close watching.
(The scenario I think is likely: SKE is put in at the OS level,
perhaps with these SLIP/PPP/TCP-IP protocols. Ostensibly "voluntary,"
it actually won't be, because selection of "escrow agents" will be
from a list of approved entities. A *truly* voluntary system would
allow complete bypassing, or selection of a "bit bucket" as the escrow
agent. Fat chance.)
(TIS statemen on SKE elided.)
Agreed. We need to watch carefully this one.
A "voluntary" software key escrow system is of course OK (useful for
people afraid of forgetting their keys, for companies that don't want
the death of employees to cut them off from corporate secrets, etc.).
But any system in which the escrow key holders are *not* freely
selectable from a list one generates one's self (where the agents may
be the company lawyer, one's mother, one's priest, the bit bucket, the
machine down the hall, or nothing at all, etc.) is *not voluntary*.
The recent conference on international use of crypto, noted by other
recenly and by several of us back in July, had an ominous agenda. Did
any of you attend?
I get the feeling that wheels are turning, that deals are being cut.
And given the EFF's recent sell-out on Digital Telephony (which is of
course related to this, especially since the OS makers like Microsoft
and Apple are negotiating deals with the cable-telco companies, thus
presumably making the OS makers partners in the "wiretapping"
requirements), I would not be surprised to see similar deals being
arranged behind the scenes.
Much as I fear direct democracy, I also fear this kind of
smoke-filled room trading away of our liberties.
Wiretap bills, Software Key Escrow, Government Access to Keys,
information superhighways, Data Cops...it's all getting pretty
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-25 12:06:26
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Sneakers" and Len Adelman 
"Sneakers" was not an "old" movie..."old" is something I saw in 1960!
1992 is also the year Cypherpunks got started (Eric can elaborate, but
I think he met a lot of the "Wired" planning team at a "Sneakers"
sneak (ers) showing in San Francisco.)
In any case, Len Adelman, the "A" in "RSA," was a technical advisor in
the film. The pseudo-mathematical cant in the movie was probably
provided by him.
Not exactly an ex-starving Cypherpunk. (Adelman was also Fred Cohen's
thesis advisor at the University of Southern California, and has done
a lot of work on computer viruses.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-25 12:42:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TIS, SKE, & CyberCash Inc. 
Good! I'm glad to hear that such developments make a "takeover" of
Internet protocols less likely. (Even better might be a heavy international involvement, with folks
from countries that are not malleable and controllable by the New
World Order Task Force.)
Despite my periodic alarms, I'm pretty optimistic about our chances
for escaping the "Big Brother Inside" future--my Cyphernomicon should
make this optimism clear.
Although I'm an admitted extremist in my views, I do try to steer
clear of the two extremes:
Extreme 1: It's all over. Big Brother is here. Give up.
Extreme 2: We've already won. It's all over. They can do nothing to us.
I think we're somewhere in between, with some frightening laws on the
horizon (look at the War on Drugs, civil forfeiture, tax laws,
currency reporting requirements, health care proposals, etc.), but
also with some new "degrees of freedom" that make control very
The war isn't over yet.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-28 10:59:12
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread on sci.crypt? 
Several companies are pursuing advanced lithography techniques and
alternatives to conventional CMOS; the work on "quantum wells" and
"quantum dots" is along these lines. I'm not holding my breath.
(Rather, I *am* holding my Intel stock, as I see no significant chance
that anything will displaced fairly conventional circuitry and
lithography anytime soon.)
In any case, the Shor work on a quantum factorer is interesting, but
is at least several decades away, in my opinion. And even then it is
likely to be "workable" out to some number of digits (roughly, number
of digits = precision needed), by which time the conventional advances
in computer power will mean we're all using 10,000-bit moduli
(especially if we have just heard that NSA has just spend $32 billion to
build a Shor machine able to factor 3000-bit moduli :-} ).
Our own James Donald has written several long essays on Shor's
results, taking a more optimistic (or pessimistic, depending on one's
goals) view. Also, as Sherry noted, extensive discussion pops up in
sci.crypt and the new group, sci.crypt.research.
Bennett and Brassard's quantum cryptography, also discussed
extensively, is closer to be realized practically. (It uses the
Uncertainty Principle for polarized photons in a fiber optic cable to
determine if a channle has been tapped.)
A plug for the Cyphernomicon FAQ: My FAQ has several entries on
quantum methods for crypto. Grep it for quantum, Shor, Brassard,
Bennett, etc.
There is indeed interest in this. But bear in mind that even the most
optimistic proponents admit this stuff is many years, probably many
decades, away. Sort of like where the crypto that now interests us was
in 1925.
(And I think conventional number-theoretic crypto will stay way ahead
of any machines that can ever be built. A gut feel, but based loosely
on the exponential increase in complexity vs. the linear growth in
technology.) --Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-28 11:03:14
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Iraqi C-Cubed I 
Much more important to the survivability of Iraqi C-Cubed I was their
use of Banyan-type networks. Links could be cut by bombs, SEAL
sappers, etc., and then the network would reconfigure and "heal."
Several U.S. companies supplied the technology, according to reports
in EE Times, etc., and export laws may be changed as a result.
(No matter, as plenty of other countries supply similar network
topology software. The Internet is in many countries....)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-28 12:11:46
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread on sci.crypt? 
I don't know. I skimmed Shor's stuff when it appeared. A lot more
analysis will be needed....and we have many decades left to get
But even if the effort required grows polynomially, think of what that
means in real dollars, potentially. For example, just to imagine some
engineering numbers:
Alice is spending 15 cents worth of 2045 computer
power to use a 10,000-bit modulus for her messages.
The GSA (Global Security Agency, which replaced the NSA in 2008) has a
Shor machine, built with the latest nanotech rod-logic computers. It
cost them $32 billion to build, and it can "crack" a 10,000-bit
modulus in 10 days, at a cost of $20,000 (in 2045 dollars).
Alice switches to 15,000-bit moduli....the how much longer does it
take the Shor machine to do its thing? (Even if polynomial, what
I won't speculate further. The numbers are indeterminate, even to
Shor, I suspect.
In any case, nothing for Cypherpunks to worry about in our lifetimes
(certainly not in my lifetime, and probably not in the lifetime of our
youngest members).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-28 12:16:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Iraqi C-Cubed I 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Which is precisely why I mentioned this.
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-29 00:33:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cypherpunks meetings in other cities 
FYI, there have been some meetings/gatherings in cities other than the
Bay Area. Some that I recall:
* Boston/Cambridge. Had at least two, including audio links to other
sites. Derek Atkins may know more.
* Washington D.C./Northern Virginia. Ditto. Paul Ferguson and Pat
Farrell may know more.
* San Diego. Has been linked up a couple of times. Contact Phil Karn.
* Denver/Colorado. Had at least one meeting, maybe two.
* Seattle. May have had a meeting. * L.A. I attended one meeting down there. * NYC has a party put on by Eric Hughes and Matt Blaze when Eric
visited, but is not having other meetings, so far as I know (come on
Perry, Duncan, Dave, and Sandy!).
If I left your site out, don't get angry, get vocal!
I've said it in many posts, mostly a year or more ago, and I'll say it
* if you want to meet, meet. Call a meeting and see who shows up. * the Bay Area group has had about 24 meetings, each attended by an
average of 30 people (a couple had >50), and yet our population level
that we draw from is about 10 million, comparable to several other
large urban areas. Thus, there's no reason other areas can't get at
least a dozen or so folks.
(I live 50 miles south of the meeting site, Eric Blossom lives 70
miles north, and many others live an average of 40 miles away (SF,
Berkeley, Oakland, etc.). So no one can claim we meet because we're
all close...we're as spread out as the Denver-Fort Collins-Colorado
Springs folks are, for example.)
* So, just plan an informal gathering in your area.
"Why isn't there a sub-list to discuss this?" you may ask. Well, there
is! It exists, but is moribund (like most sub-lists, for Schelling
point reasons).
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-29 10:58:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Will all codes and ciphers be broken? 
Duncan Frissell and Dave Emery have commented on the popular notion
that all codes and ciphers will "eventually" be broken. On the other hand, Bamford pointed out in 1982 (in "The Puzzle
Palace") that no significant Soviet cipher had been broken _directly_
for at least a decade, as near as he and other experts could tell
(there are clearly uncertainties in what the NSA was able to do, but
this wa Bamford's best estimate).
Ditto for the Soviets not having broken U.S. ciphers in at least as
long a time.
What code and cipher breaking had occurred had generally happened
through HUMINT sources, as with the Walker spy ring (which sold old
code books, allowing earlier traffic to be reconstructed). Black bag
jobs, bugging of buildings, etc. And I have no idea what crypto
material Aldrich Ames transferred.
I agree. Even Tom Clancy mythologizes crypto and usually gets it wrong.
In fact, at the last physical Cypherpunks meeting I arrived a few
minutes late, in the midst of a debate about whether noise sources
from audio inputs were "random enough" to defy cryptanalysis by the
After listening for a while I had to speak up: In the history of
modern cryptanalysis is there _any_ evidence that a single message has
been broken because of something like this?
I speculated that any slight reductions of entropy, thus allowing
slight increases in the ability to predict the bits, are dwarfed by
many orders of magnitude by more practical concerns. For example, the
proliferation of keystroke capture utilities which capture and store
all keystrokes entered for later retrieval.
(I acknowledge the importance of high entropy noise sources, I just
question the nit-picking about it when such much more tractable
attacks exist.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1994-09-30 19:59:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The NII Witch's Cauldron 
This messages makes some good points about scary provisions being
discussed for the "NII" National Information Infrastructure. I had not
see the language included about        "Developing electronic cash systems that would maintain
        the privacy of individuals from merchants and banks, but
        would allow law enforcement to trace the flow of the
        electronic cash, given proper court orders."
Mix this in with Digital Telephony, Software Key Escrow (GAK), the
deals being cut with the telecom suppliers, the weird goings on
between RSADSI and Cylink, the surge in talk about national ID cards
(immigration, jobs, Cuba, etc.), and you get a strange brew indeed.
Newsgroups: comp.org.cpsr.talk,comp.org.eff.talk,misc.legal.computing
Everybody knows that Al Gore is hot on this "National Information
Infrastructure" thing.  What many people may not fully appreciate --
or at least, what I'm just discovering myself -- is the sheer enormity
of the disaster going on as we speak, under the banner of the
"Information Infrastructure Task Force" (IITF).  If you haven't
already done so, I highly recommend an enlightening browse on the
iitf.doc.gov site (ftp & gopher at standard ports, http at port 70).
(NOTE: Individuals in fragile health should always consult a physician
before exposing themselves to detailed information about their
government's activities.  Have you ever felt like an ant in the path
of a steamroller?  YOU WILL ...)
Although I've barely scratched the surface, I've already run across a
number of items which might be of interest to folks here.  The DOE,
for instance, reports that they are working on
        "Developing electronic cash systems that would maintain
        the privacy of individuals from merchants and banks, but
        would allow law enforcement to trace the flow of the
        electronic cash, given proper court orders."
Other spectacularly dubious achievements include the report of the
Privacy Working Group, which never once acknowledges any individual
right to privacy, and in fact devotes most of their report to various
ways to increase the "willingness" of the public to divulge personal
data; and the draft report of the Intellectual Property Working Group,
which with a straight face characterizes most current Internet
activity as illegal, and then goes on to outlaw the rest of it, while
blandly noting that the public will require "education" in these
matters.  Also, of course, there are any number of hints of NII
projects involving various intelligence agencies.

@_date: 1995-02-05 13:00:32
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Zimmermann charges dropped? 
Apologies if this has been discussed and I somehow missed it. I just
got back from Monte Carlo last night and have briefly scanned the 500+
accumulated messages, not seeing this item mentioned.
Drew Taubman (sp?), the new Executive Director of the EFF, told me
that in recent days the grand jury meeting in the PRZ case did in fact
decide to go forward with the indictment.
However, says Drew, the judge in the case dismissed the charges after
looking at them, apparently in about an hour or so. He cited the
absence of relevant law in the case (as I understand it, the argument
being that there is no law against what PRZ did, i.e., "make code
available" in such a way that _others_ might then access it and
perhaps then illegally export it (assuming such export might be later
proved to be illegal).
Drew went on to tell me that the judge said there would need to be a
relevant law on this, and that Senator Leahy and his staff (recall
their involvement in the Digital Telephony Bill) are already at work
drafting such legislation.
I haven't seen mention of this, so I thought I'd mention it here. I
could of course try to get confirmation first from Phil, but he is
notoriously hard to reach in e-mail, ironically, and this seems
sufficiently important to mention to the list.
And if you can't trust the EFF, who _can_ you trust? (Don't answer
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-05 21:06:23
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Zimmermann charges NOT dropped 
Charges against Phil Zimmermann have apparently NOT been dropped, and
Zimmermann's legal team is still in high gear.
Proving once more that things said or asked on this list often--even
usually--find their way to the persons mentioned, Phil called me today
to ask further about what I'd heard from Drew Taubman and to explain
that as of Friday, when Phil Dubois, Phil's lawyer, spoke to the
prosecutor in the case, the case had not been dropped. Or if it was,
the lead attorney and his client were not told.
(My discussion with Drew was at 10 p.m., Wednesday, Monte Carlo time.)
So, it appears that my source was either incorrect, or wires got
crossed in some way. (Or that EFF has access of a kind that seems
Phil speculated that Drew was speaking about the LaMacchia case, of
several weeks back. This is unlikely, as the LaM. case was a separate
discussion we had, specific mention was made that the news was very
recent, happening within a few days of our conversation, and that
Senator Leahy would be incorporating changes based on the PRZ case
situation into legislation on telephony and expert being planned.
In any case, it seemingly is just not the case that charges have been
dropped (or that plans to file them have been dropped).
Anyway, my apologies. I sometimes think I am talking to the 20-30 of
you who post regularly, and can thus feel free to ask about a report
I've heard. But, as Hal Finney and others have also discovered, this
is not the case...boundaries are changing in cyberspace.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-06 00:00:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: New directions in anonymity (needed) 
First, I think it important to clearly distinguish between "sender
anonymity," where the physical identity or sending site is hidden, and
"receiver anonymity," where the same is true of the receiving site.
Chaumian digital mixes--what you Americans call "remailers"--mainly
solves the sender anonymity problem. Message pools, or broadcast to a
group or site that includes the receiver, mainly deals with receiver
anonymity. The combination of the two deals with both.
Both are solved elegantly with the Dining Cryptographer's Protocol,
about which much is written on this list every few months. Messages
are "sent" in an Ouija-board fashion and received by the person who
can successfully decrypt a public message sent over the system.
The process can be made information-theoretically secure, with
one-time pads used instead of ciphers. But, as Mike Ingle points out
here, the process can be compromised if _enough collusion_ exists. Ah,
but so can all known systems!
Digital money is not untraceable if you're the only person in the
universe (or in _your_ uhiverse...same difference) who is using it, or
if the banks, shops, and other customers are in collusion, leaving you
as the one and only user. (Proof: The banks and shops are not actually
using digital cash, leaving the "mark"--pun intended--as the only
person merrily spending digital cash. Ergo, all purchases made with
digital cash are traceable to this mark. I can imagine contrived
situations in the early days of digital cash when this kind of set-up
occurs.) My intuition is that any cryptographic situation in which an
individual/entity can be "isolated" so that all other individuals and
entities, and all connections, can be compromised (added to the set of
colluders) will be "broken." How else could it be?
Anyway, I think DC Nets are every bit as secure as e-cash is.
Obviously the security depends on a bunch of things, but the concept
of anonymous communication is not weaker in any fundamental way than
is digital cash. Full collusion by everyone who is not "you" causes
big problems with any cryptographic system that I know of.
(Stuff about reply blocks elided. I agree that more work is needed to
understand attacks on reply block methods. However, I'm not at all
convinced that "tracking back" is any different from the conventional
approach of demanding input-output mappings at each level, by
subpoenaing the remailer's records, etc. But I'll think about this
some more and maybe comment at another times.)
This gets to the important point of _proving_ vs. _suspecting_. To
make this concrete, consider that 10,000 people may download the
entire contents of, say, "alt.anonymous," a message pool newsgroup
created largely for the publication of anonymous messages.
The Internetpol may _suspect_ that one of these 10,000 readers is the
person to whom the messatge is intended, but cannot _prove_ it. Even
if the list of readers is down around 100, I know of no legal systems
that would accept this as proof. (There are many issues here, and many
more detailed scenarios. For example, over the course of time, as
readership changes but some readers remain readers, patterns may
emerge from the noise. And there are issues of bandwidth. I am not too
worried about running out of bandwith soon, since an awful lot of text
messages can fit into just a single one of the MPEG or JPEG images
that flood the *.pictures newsgroups...and these *.picutures
newsgroups are sent to and locally stored on tens of thousands of
machines....) I think you ought to carefully look at Chaum's work on Dining
Cryptographers. It does all this. (It ain't perfect, and it ain't been
implemented in practical terms, a la a "Pretty Good Dining
Cryptographers," but it's at least as basic a concept as the other
things are....some might say that all are variations on the same theme.)
But how is this any less "suspcious" in terms of pointing to the
receiver than is the more general and easier process of simply
retrieving the file from the server? Why would doing some sort of
computation on the distant server make the act of access any less
incriminating.? If 100 people all retrieve the file, they're the
"suspects," despite nothing being provable. And if those 100 people
first tell the server to do some particulary transformation, they're
still equally suspect. (Unless they tell the server to use a chain of
remailers to do the retransmission to them, which is different from my
understanding here, and is in fact the "anonymous anonymous ftp" we've
long talked of.) And if fewer than the 100 people actually send the
message, then of course the list of suspect is even smaller. (The
advantages of passive, do-nothing broadcast are lost, a net lose.)
[stuff elided]
Be careful also not to assume the server is trustable, as I gather it
is presumed to be here. (Doing the transformations, and all.)
I expect broadcast models, or anonymous anonymous ftp models, to be
more sophisticated than simple "publish everything in alt.anonymous"
strategies. That is, multiple routes, multiple places, hierarchies,
etc. All involve trade-offs in time, space, security, cost,
Some methods may involve splitting files into multiple pieces for
independent retrieval. However, I am not really convinced that the
alleged problems are solved this way.
The point about "which the server never sees" is confusing to me.
Surely the server _could_ see the transformed data if he wanted to, as
he was the one who did the remote transformation (as I understand
Mike's scheme). (If the scheme involves a server which can do
transformations but not see the output, then this is a much harder
problem, dealing with models of computation, secure hardware, etc.)
(The idea of a sealed box which executes a model in which no records
are kept, etc., is of course Chaum's original 1981 concept of a
digital mix. No "key" need be sent by the recipient if in fact the box
executes the proper mix function, keeps no records, is not
compromised, etc. If Mike is suggesting that his "server" behave more
like a true digital mix and thus not be as dependent as on human
trust, then of course this is a good idea. We need more mix-like
boxes, for our remailings. This has nothing to with the broadcast
model per se, dealing as it does with the general mix issue.)
In any case, what difference does it make if the server sees the data
or file? He surely can track his internal CPU processes and know which
incoming file was sent out, and to which address! (Just the remailer
in-out mapping problem again, which has always been unconcerned with
the internal contents of files.)
Sorry for the length here.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-06 03:55:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cooperation 
Yes! Standards are not collusion. In fact, standards can lessen the
amount of ad hoc contact needed between remailer operators, and thus
reduce somewhat the prospects for compromise and collusion.
Robust standards are also helpful for building "hands-off" remailers,
in which remailer account owners take a hands-off approach, possibly
even to the point of creating the accounts and then never checking
The proposals I've made, sometimes called a "Remailer's Guild," were
not for a cabal, but for a market standard that would tend to reward
those who follow certain standards and punish (all in a market sense)
those who flout standards just for the sake of being different.
(The real idea was to get some progress on deciding on some features
and terminology, to the point that a "Release" version could be
produced, like PGP 2.6, for example.)
It may be that such convergence on standards can be done without any
contact at all, just through market forces and things like pinging
scripts. The remailer analog of a self-healing network, rerouting
around brain-damaged sites.
--Tim May, posting at 3:55 a.m. because this is my jet lag rebound
period, in which I can't go to sleep because I slept for 11 hours upon
my arrival at home

@_date: 1995-02-06 22:22:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: a simple explanation of DC-Net 
...nice explanation elided...
Yes, I wrote up a similar explanation for the Extropians list, in
mid-1992, before our list existed. (It's been redistributed here a
couple of times, and is in some of the CP archives an/or URLs reported
Eric Hughes and I did a anthropomorphic demo of DC-Nets a couple of
years ago, at the first CP meeting. That is, we got up in front of
folks and literally acted-out a simple transmission (and even this
took some minutes, to make clear the protocols, etc.).
My estimate is that the averagely bright Cypherpunk (which is to say,
_very_ bright person) can get the key ideas of DC-Nets in a few hours
of careful thinking and diagramming of the ideas in the paper, which
is of course archived at the Cypherpunks site (and probably readily
accessible in several URLs). By "key ideas" I mean the first 3-4
pages of the paper, whjere the ideas are laid out.
Issues of collusion and disruption are what Chaum spends most of his
1988 paper on, and start after the first introductory pages. Sub-nets,
to reduce collusion, for example. Later papers, such as those by the
Pfitzmanns and by Jurgen Bos, deal in much more detail with
(By the way, I mentioned to Chaum, in Monte Carlo last week, our
continuing fascination with DC-Nets, despite the difficulties in fully
implementing/using them. Chaum was aware of the efforts by the Austin
group, and was pleased to hear that several parallel are continuing. I
got the impression that we are the only people in the world still
looking at this stuff, which is not as bad as it sounds. You see,
those writing papers have moved on to other things, whereas
Cypherpunks is a list devoted to practical implementations and
demonstrations, and few others are, so we have a continuing interest.
Chaum was very complimentary about the Cypherpunks.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-07 02:07:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Corporate Fascism, Rand, Greens, Oh My! 
I just saw this older message as I waded through the 700 messsages
which accumulated during my absence (and since my return, too). IO
know there will be some who see no crypto relevance in this, but
that's just too bad. I've seen endless OS flame war posts, endless
flames about "can't we get back to crypto?" (often from the OS
flamers, ironically), so my foray into anarcho-capitalism is at least
as related to Cypherpunks issues. Besides, I want to respond to my old friend Rich.
It doesn't even take any pressure for me to concede this, although
there are some subtleties about what "unfettered" means, and what
options corporations have to stifle competitors by using State power.
The Randian ideal (well, "ideal" for many of us who cut our teeth on
"Atlas Shrugged" while future commie wimp-simps were studying
"Johnathan Livingston Seagull" :-}) is seldom met. Even in Rand and
Heinlein we find plenty of allegedly free-market corporations who cozy
up to the State, buy elections, impose bureaucratic laws they
know will stifle new competitors, etc. We saw them in Rand, with the
"Anti Dog-eat-Dog Law," and the various slacker companies, and we
certainly see it in the real world. Corporations that hire the police
to break strikes by breaking heads (and I mean strikers who are merely
not working, or who are walking a line); there's strike violence on
both sides, of course. Or corporations who pay bribes to bypass laws
(even "reasonable" laws that any libertarian would support, such as
law involving the dumping of toxic waste into streams). Or
corporations that use the legal and patent system to suppress
upstarts. (I could name a company I happen to know quite well, which
basically stole its starting seed products from the company it sprung
from, then later used the legal system and government laws to cleverly
stop some others from doing the same thing.)
As Mussollini so cogently put it, "corporatism is fascism." A State
that blesses Fiat and suppresses competitors, or that blesses Lockheed
through bailouts and exemptions from laws, is basically fascist.
(Fascist is a term with a socioeconomic meaning, not merely an epithet
or adjective.)
(As many of you may imagine, much of the hype about the Information
Superduperhighway--more suitably called the Infobahn--is explicity
totatalitarian, with large corporations slavering to get a piece of
the action! I have no problems with Cyberdyne Systems, for example,
installing new T2 links to where customers want more bandwidth. But
the I-way is a large boondoggle, with sociocrats and "cybercrats"
(apparently a new term from Mark Stahlman, which I like) trying to
plan the optimal society and with corporation pleding to "make the
packets run on time." Ughh!)
Make no mistake about it, strong crypto, what I call crypto anarchy,
will have as great an effect on corporate sizes, structures, and
behaviors as it will have on governments. Maybe more of an effect.
I'm glad to see Rich Dutcher on our list, as we need more folks of
that persuasion. (I can happily coexist with thoughtful leftists who
have some appreciation of the issues--Dave Mandl also comes to mind.
The ones I can't abide are the ignoramuses who blithely speak of
redistributing income and have grade school understandings of markets
and economics. They have no idea of the corporate fascism that comes
from state-run economies. But then the same applies to libertarians
with a lack of understanding.)
That's a good one! I loved "The Gold Coast" by him, so maybe I'll have
to read this one (though I've skipped the recent crop of "Mars" books).

@_date: 1995-02-07 02:16:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Is the remailer crisis over? 
It's great that it's on the upswing again, as it was dipping
pretty low a few weeks back. I don't think the "crisis" will be over until there are at least 50
remailers, spread over at least five countries. Each supporting the
usual features, and with some reasonable traffic.
With luck, and with "remailer accounts," this could happen by this
But it's a good sign.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-07 02:44:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailer Scripting Languages 
I certainly support this kind of idea, and have for a long time.
Crypto is well-suited for the "small languages" point of view (and the
competing points of view for object-oriented systems, production
systems, etc.).
Anything to abstract away the grungy details and hide them. TCL and
Perl are steps, and Strick (Henry Strickland) has of course been
working on his Skronk system, which does some of this.
Python is another possibility.
Some of the graphical-oriented languages like Prograph might be
useful. And I still think Smalltalk has promise, as many financial
institutions are using it to model and automate financial
transactions, which have obvious similarities to our crypto projects. The real obstacles are time and money. Corporations and banks doing
this work can put several people on these projects for several years,
while most Cypherpunks projects have to be fit in between "Data
Structures 202" and "Ren and Stimpy."
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-07 12:27:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Seals and Sealing Waxes 
Perry says:
"All crypto is economics," and this is what made seals and sealing wax so
useful for so long. Saying "seals were duplicatable from the start" does
not mean this feat was easy, even if technically possible.
In fact, the fine details produced by a good seal are hard to exactly
emulate with a copy. Even on a two-dimensional surface. And with the advent
of three-dimensional surfaces, which sealing wax made possible, the fine
detail of a good seal was in fact very hard to forge.
Not impossible, but very costly with the technology of the day. Or even the
technology of _today_. After all, paper currency is largely based on seal
technology, with various embossing, printing, etc. methods used (on special
paper) that remain fairly hard to duplicate.
(Not impossible, and counterfeiting flourishes. It's all about economics,
and I'm only disputing the claims of easiness. As an added note,
transactions in the Far East are still often "sealed" with "chop marks,"
carved stamps that are uniquely associated with persons or groups.)
I think this understates the importance of signatures and seals in these
earlier times.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1995-02-07 13:28:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: CFP, Cypherpunks, and Crypto 
The Computers, Freedom, and Privacy Conference is to be held 29-31
March 1995, at the Marriott in Burlingame, CA (SF Airport). Details
have been distributed recently to most of the usual places.
I'll be on Michael Froomkin's "Crypto" panel on Friday, 31 March.
Along with Stewart Baker (ex-NSA, famous for "Clipper opponents just
getting revenge for missing Woodstock"), Steve Walker (TIS), Phil
Karn, a Microsoft guy, and maybe others. Details should be available.
So I'm all for a Cypherpunks BOF ("birds of a feather," in case this
term is new to you....basically, a special interest group gathering)
or dinner. Maybe more than one?
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-07 21:50:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: S.314, the "Pi Bill" 
I wrote a post to comp.org.eff.talk in which I asked if "S.314" isn't
just the "Pi Bill," in which pi = 3.14 is mandated to be pi = 3.00.
S.314 I initially, for a minute or so, thought to be a put-on, a
spoof. But the text lacked other signs of humor and had the trappings
of a real bill. And then versions from reputable groups began to
appear, so I was of course convinced it was real.
If it's a spoof, it's too cute by half.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-08 13:42:13
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Four Horsemen 
I usually just lump pedophiles and child pornographers together and
don't separately mention "normal" pornographers, as there's not much
on-line that competes with "Hustler." (The AA case, though, makes
conventional pornography a Horseman.)
Usually I also cite "money launderers" as the Fourth Horseman. This
lumps in tax evaders, etc.
But, now that we know what the Four Horsemen are, what's in the Seven
Vials? And since the British spelling and pronunciation is "phial,"
which sounds like "file" (but which has a different root: vial vs.
filum), we could call these the "seven files."
(Not to be confused with the "seventh veil.")
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-08 17:16:59
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The drumbeat against anonymity continues.... 
In addition to the articles and editorials, I'm seeing articles
slamming anonymity and pseudoanonymity (we need a better word!) in
business contexts.
See the latest RISKS Digest (16.79, available on Usenet in the group
comp.risks) for a couple of articles of interest. One is about the
Singapore plans for an automatic vehicle intentification (AVI) system
to implement "road pricing" on congested roads. Phil Agre's article
makes some good points, and mentions using digital cash to avoid the
Big Brother problems, but notes that Singapore is not seriously
considering it.
The real "drumbeat" article is about cellular phone fraud and
toll-free number fraud. Actaully, a couple of related articles.
(Everyone should at least skim "RISKS.")
Anonymity is cited as a problem. But this misses the point, that the
real problem is lack of a proper payment model. As David Chaum points
out, there are really only two basic payment approaches: transfer of
something of value or an account-based transfer. Cash or barter are
examples of the first, checks or credit card payments are examples of
the second (though each has some wrinkles). Digital cash, when online
cleared, behaves mostly like real cash.
The phone companies that are complaining about fraud have inadequately
arranged for security and need to adopt a mode that fixes this. Since
physical money can't be fed into the slots of a handheld cell phone (or
at least can't then be delivered to the service owner!), the solution
has traditionally been an account-based payment system. (Accounts can
also be better protected against fraud by having PINs, etc.)
What about telephone calling cards? I don't recall the details well
enough to know if they could be used on handheld units. Maybe they
could be used.
This could eventually be a market for digital cash. (If fraud is a
serious-enough problem, costing enough, then a service which could
lower costs by using digital cash could make market inroads.)
What we need to watch out for are proposals to limit anonymity, to
mandate national ID cards, so as to somehow limit such cases of fraud.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-08 19:58:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Da Judge-L FAQ -- We are not Amused 
It has come to Our attention that Our FAQ, the Da Judge-L FAQ, is being
distributed amongst the rabble.
We are not amused.
The so-called Cypherpunks List, having been a party to this illegal
and "most heinous" distribution, is hereby invited to appear in our
Chambers on the morning of Tuesday, 29 February, 1995, at a place of
our choosing. Defense will be heard, and then the guilty will be
Royally Yours, Da Judge-L

@_date: 1995-02-08 22:35:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
It's a tough thing for them to be involved enough to know what's going
on, but not so involved as to be a partner in the process.
We mostly all criticized them roundly for the Digital Telephony Bill
(I did too). They seem to have somewhat backed off from this approach,
or so it now appears to many of us. (Caveat:  before this is read by
EFF folks and indignantly denied, I make no claims of what the causal
chain was, what Berman's departure has to do with this, etc. Hence the
"they seem to have" phrasing.)
Anyway, how can we expect them to know about upcoming legislation if
we also despise the "inside the Beltway" mentality?
Frankly, I'd rather have them on our side, helping to fight bad
legislation, than working on the inside of things and thus face
compromise by the whole process.
As scary as S.314 is, I'm not sure it's likely to pass. Unlike the
Digital Telephony Bill, which was on greased skids, this  one seems to
have come out of left field. I could be wrong on this, and maybe it's
got a lot of sponsors, but it sounds like just another Bill that will
die in committee or fail on the floor.
(This is where the D.C.-net people, those who are connected to the
political process, can tell us who's likely to support it and who's
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-13 01:54:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Is Cyberspace Rich Enough? 
Should I feel left out by not being mentioned in this set? Or
In any case, I agree that most responses are mostly reactive. Though
in defense of the Cypherpunks list, not nearly so reactive as are many
groups. Lots of lists and groups are dominated by in jokes, non
sequitors, and other ephemera. At least this group quite often gets
into meaty issues.
Like a lot of you, I try to do this regularly. If people are
interested, they'll follow up. If not, they won't. Think of it as
evolution in action.
It so happens that the latest theme I've been thinking about is ready
to spring on you folks. If you respond, so be it.
That theme is this: Is cyberspace, or the Net/Web/Etc., sufficiently
rich or complex to meet our needs?
By "rich" or "complex" I mean in terms of "places to go," of "degrees
of freedom." For example, the multiplicity of routing paths for
messages, via remailers explicitly and via the underlying routing
options the Internet itself offers implicitly, gives certain major
advantages that a centralized system vulnerable to "choke points"
would not have. (The Internet gurus will likely jump in at this point
and blather about how this is isn't so, how they could shut down the
Internet in several minutes with just their Leatherman tool and a few
O'Reilly books, but my point is not that it isn't _possible_, but that
the direction in which the Net has moved is generally one that makes
shut-down harder than more centralized alternatives.)
By our "needs" I mean roughly the Cypherpunks goals of privacy, free
choice, cybernetic free association, virtual communities,
anarcho-capitalism, etc. (Quibblers can dispute any of these, but
clearly most active posters on the list advocate some vector made up
of many of these diverse elements.)
So, what am I getting at?
Consider how the abstractions of the World Wide Web, URLs, HTML, HTTP,
and Web browsers have *increased the size of cyberspace* rather
dramatically in just the past two years. More places to visit, more
interconnectedness, more difficulties in controlling access to stuff,
etc. Home pages containing banned material are proliferating (a la the
Homolka-Teale ritualistic cannibalism trial in Canada, the Scientology
material, and so on--this is not the place for me to recap this).
Sure, ftp sites used to do this pretty well; in fact, I'm considering
ftp sites in this "evolution" toward greater complexity (in the
richness sense).
(Actually, cyberspace is partly getting "bigger" and partly
"increasing in dimensionality." Dimensionality of a space can be
related to how many neighbors one has....think of the two nearest
neighbors one has in a 1-D space, the 4 (or 8 if diagonals are
considered) neighbors in a 2-D space, the 6 in a 3-D space, and so on.
Arguably, if one has "100 close neighbors" in a space, it is roughly a
50 dimensional space. An equivalent formulation is in terms of the
radius of the n-sphere that everyone fits into. For example, the "six
degrees of separation," the 6 "handshakes" that separate nearly any
two people in America, suggests that American society is in some
important sense roughly a 15-17 dimensional space, because in some
sense all 250 million Americans "fit into" a hypersphere of radius 3
(diameter 6) when the dimensionality is around 17. (Or slightly lower,
as the slight corrections to V = r ^ n have to be included, which I'm
not bothering with). What "increased connectivity" does is to increase
dimensionality, about as one would expect from our usual metaphors
about "a multidimensional society" and "the world is
shrinking"...indeed it is shrinking, even as the absolute volume
increases.) What Cypherpunks should be pushing for, in my view, is this increased
dimensionality. More places to stick things, more places to escape
central control, and more degrees of freedom (which has a nice dual
meaning I once used as the working title for a novel I was working
Is Cyberspace already rich enough (= high enough dimensionality) so
that central control cannot be reestablished (to the extent it ever
Many of this think that it probably already is past this point, that
the "point of no return" has been reached. After all, the Soviets
couldn't stop samizdats, the Chinese couldn't stop fax machines, and
the Americans can't stop drug use, so what hope is there in
controlling modems, crypto, cellular phones, satellites, Web links,
stegonography, terabytes of data flowing unobstructed across borders,
and so on. Just to "stop the Net" would disrupt the entire financial
system, which not even Clinton or the next (Republican) President
would be tempted to do....they might as well launch a nuclear war as
try to shut down this "anarchic" ( = high dimensionality) system.
But can we do more? One of my own wishes is to see hundreds (nay,
thousands!) of remailers, as these act as "teleportation booths" which
can dramatically increase connectivity. (They can increase the
connectivity in a different way that just straight connections
can...they "stitch together" otherwise visibly-connected regions with
unobservable connections, a desirable thing.)
What else?
* Lots more remailers. Run out of accounts, not just "remailer
machines." Accounts allow trivial proliferation of more remailers.
* Web access remailers. Like the "anonymous anonymous ftp," why not
explore combining Web systems with remailers? (Not so great for
browsing, of course, but there should be some interesting
* More offshore sites, members, etc. This increases connectivity and
increases the "regulatory arbitrage" we so often talk about.
* Local corporate computer nets are "extra rooms in cyberspace," and
thus are harder to search. The equivalents of "rat lines" (in which
drugs are kept in one apartment and retrieved through a hole in the
wall, thus delaying/foiling searches and kick-in-the-door
raids....think of how technology makes all this so much easier).
* digital cash is of course of central importance. It glues commerce
together, but also greases it (a dual metaphor, not a mixed one). In
terms of the "richness" I'm talking about, it incentivizes the
colonization of cyberspace, the expansion of this space, and the
general richness.
* Alternative Nets, like FIDONet, are often lost in the discussion of
"the Net," but perhaps we should take much greater interest in these
alternatives. They make a crackdown harder, they lessen the dangers of
a single-point attack, and they provide "genetic diversity" for
building future Nets. (I'm not saying Cypherpunks have the time,
expertise, or incentive to work on this, but just reminding folks that
the Internet is not the end all and be all...)
* More users, more education, more articles....all increase
dimensionality, by expanding the space (e.g., key software on more
machines, accessible by more people, more home pages, etc.).
And so on. Increase the richness of cyberspace. More places, more
avenues, more rooms, more more. Make sure there's a "there," there.
Well, I've written too much, and as folks have noted, long posts get
fewer responses that do short ones, especially flamish ones.
Personally, I think there are fewer long essays and analyses for the
same reason there are fewer large predators than grass-munching
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-02-13 14:22:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Is Cyberspace Rich Enough? 
No, it doesn't ncecessarily imply less vulnerability, but the two are
empirically correlated. Monocultures are usually easier to control
than in systems where the citizen-units have rich connections and
diverse options.
It's always dangerous reasoning from imprecise analogies, and all the
more dangerous reasoning about the mental images others have of such
analogies. Thus, I won't dispute Wei Dai's image of "moving closer" to
the government except to say that as the space shrinks, _many people_
move closer...and this means transactions not visible to the
government _also_ become more common.
In other words, one may be only "2 Internet handshakes from Al Gore,"
but this doesn't give Al Gore control over Joe User's encrypted
transactions with Ivan Hackerovich. Yes, of course. The nature is critical, and I would not claim
otherwise. (This is another reason long posts are often losers in the
Ratings Game: the longer the post the more nits can be picked. And so
threads often devolve into word games. And if I try to fix things by
writing even _more_, it just gets worse! :-} )
In fact, I almost mentioned the Morris Worm, but held back. For one
thing, in a crypto-dominated, reputation-centered era, such rogue
programs are probably less likely. Safe computing, etc.
I'm less fearful that the Net will be attacked in this way than that
liability laws will be used to try to scare people into compliance. But these are other topics, which I'll treat separately.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-02 13:04:22
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Reminder: January 14th "Tools Demo Day" Meeting 
This is a reminder that the January 14th "Tools Demo Day" meeting is
coming up, standard place and time at the Silicon Graphics building in
Mountain View, CA.
I described this several weeks back and asked for folks interested in
demonstrating any sort of software tools, crypto code, languages,
etc., to get in contact with me. One person, Henry Strickland
(Strick), has done so. In any case, the meeting will go on.
I'll have my PowerMac 7100 there, and will demo some things like
Mathematica, SmalltalkAgents, MacPGP, etc. An SGI Unix box is of course available. An Intel box running something
of interest will presumably be brought by someone.
Anyone planning to demo something should either plan to run on a
machine they know will be there, or bring their own. A video projector is sometimes usable, and I plan to bring my video
camera. The idea is that laptops and other non-video out systems can
still be seen by lots of folks. (Someone mentioned also that an LCD
projector may be available.)
The normal meeting time is 12-5, but people usually spend the first
hour shmoozing and eating their burritos, so I plan on starting the
formal meeting at 1 (but don't get there at 1 and _then_ expect to
shmooze/eat for the next hour!). The machines should be ready to go by
1:30 at the latest, so that demos can begin.
If we have a lot of demos--not likely based on current
information--then I'll propose parallel tracks.
Please don't be bashful about doing a demo! The idea is to educate and
expose people to tools and software they might otherwise only vaguely
know about. Demos don't have to polished and professional.
And please send me a brief note if you want to demo something.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-03 22:13:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Book review: Codebreakers, the Inside Story of Bletchley Park 
That's by Robin Winks. I have a copy, in hardback, that I found some
years back in a used book store. Lots of good stuff about the central
role Yale has played.
A friend of mine, Buddy Diamond, developer of the "NFL Challenge" PC
game of some years back, worked with James J. Angleton on a kind of
"CIA Challenge" training game. I met Buddy at the 1988 Crypto
conference, and he was the main reason I got invited to the Hackers
Conference that year (and thereafter, as is the norm). Oh, he went to
Yale, and this had a lot to do with the CIA getting in touch with him.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-04 17:30:07
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Outlawing Anonymity 
This same topic--the outlawing of anonymity and anonymous
remailers--is also being debated on the Cyberia list, as many of you
know. (Timely, I guess, because of the Siegel comments, the Lewis
article, and the Church of Scientology threats.)
The ways around such a ban are so patently obvious that any such "ban"
is unenforceable. I wrote a piece on this for the Cyberia list, but
this was my single most important point:
If anonymous mail is outlawed, then the anonymous mailers can attach
real names. To wit, all mail from a famous remailing site in the
Netherlands could be marked as being from "Hans Brinker." This would
presumably meet the letter of the law, if not the "spirit." (I always
did hate this "spirit.")
Further, sites which "forward" anonymous mail, or mail from "Hans
Brinker," are in most cases precluded by the ECPA from screening this
mail or otherwise examining it.
I see no prospect whatsover that a ban on anonymous mail could be
implemented, enforced, or upheld in the courts.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-05 11:50:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailer postage 
I can't speak for others, but making money off remailing is a GOOD
THING. If other remailers wish to give their services away for free, so be
it. There will likely be an ecology of remailers with different fee
schedules, different technical capabilities, and different policies.
Personally, I think that "free remailers" will always be with us, but
will come and go, as spammers and the like abuse them. The invisible
hand will of course choose some and reject others.
And a for-pay remailer is not making money "off them" (the other
remailers), as the paying customer is the one who is making the choice
of which remailers to use, which to pay digital postage on, etc.
[Comment: I see disdainful comments here about the profit motive,
about for-pay services, etc. I urge folks to carefully think about
this point. Services that are "free" are actualy paid for by someone,
in various ways and for various motivations. Some things are worth
paying for, some are not. Any customer who pays for remailing has made
an uncoerced, voluntary decision that his interests are better
serviced by paying for remailing than by using a free remailer. Sounds
fair to me.]
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-05 13:49:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailer postage 
Indeed, the problems Julf & Company are having in getting adequate CPU
power is illustrative. I see Julf saying he desperately needs some
more computer power (this was a few months back) and I see others
making the same tired old calls for "donations." (I say tired because
requests that some people make contributions to effectively pay for
the services used freely by others are rarely very effective....look
to the sorry state of public broadcasting "begathons" for one
Instead of pointless beggings of the form "If only everyone who used
Julf's service would send him $5," a pay-per-use system is much more
scalable, and "closes the loop" on who pays. To wit, those that use
the service, pay. Those that don't, don't.
(I understand that Russ Nelson has experience in the shareware
business, so he may know how many people send in their voluntary
contributions. My understanding is that it's a tiny fraction, and that
few shareware authors ever make much money. I've talked to some of
them, and they consider shareware a failed experiment, except for new
products trying to break into crowded markets, where the "shareware"
label is just a facade for essentially giving it away in exchange for
fame and eventual fortune if the product goes commercial.)
Precisely. A for-pay remailer can also be pressured by customers to
enhance services, not take the remailer down for frivolous reasons,
etc. It's real hard to ask a "charityware" remailer to honor
comitments, add features, etc.
Simple economics, and free market anarchy. Nobody here is proposing
that fees be set (how could we?), that free remailers be banned
(how?), etc. Those that want to give away their products are free to
do so, just as those who want to charge $25 per remailing are free to
do so.
Free remailers will have a place, but will likely get "discovered" by
spammers and by those who see no costs in adding it to their remailer
chains. Hence, overuse. (More precise than "overuse": crowding, poor
service, flakiness, etc.) Just like anything else in economics.
The users ("the market") will largely determine how it all shakes out.
There are fortunately no government agencies in any of the countries I
know of that claim to be able to set fee schedules, ban "price
gouging," ban "underpricing," or regulate remailers in any practical
service, flakiness, etc.) Just like anything else in economics. (Such moves may someday come, but that's another topic.)

@_date: 1995-01-05 14:32:10
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: True Names 
I see copies in used bookstores often. It's in the collection "True
Names and Something-or-other" and was in print until recenly. I also
have the Bluejay edition, with an afterward by Marvin Minsky.
Check around any large used bookstore.
It's too long for reasonable scanning (and I have both a scanner and
an OCR program, and scanned-in one or more of the papers at the soda
site) and would bring on heat. Besides, it's just too easy to find in
bookstores or libraries, regardless of being "out of print."
As to other such stories, "The Ungoverned" is interesting. And fo
course the "Peace War" and "Marooned in Realtime" (aka "Mushrooms in
Real Slime") novels have some futurist items of interest. (In
particular, I think of public key crypto as "bobbling" data inside,
encasing data in a silvery sphere unbreachable by outsiders. I
mentioned this to Vinge once and he was amused.)
Finally, his Hugo-winning novel, "A Fire Upon the Deep," has some
casual mentions of crypto, including the odd speculation that those in
the know in the distant future don't really trust public key crypto.
Death to vermin!
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-05 18:56:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: floating point crypto? 
Robert H. has asked that we reply in e-mail to him, to avoid
"cluttering the list more than I already have...," but the logic of
this is faulty. The few lines of a response such as this one, or even
of several such responses, are as nothing compared to dozens or more
people sifting their own archives so they can each independently send
Robert what they find. Hence my public reply.
The thread was "Pentium bug and CRYPTO," and it hit on 1994-11-21 and
lasted a few days. Posts by Derek Atkins, Mike Duvos, and others
stated persuasively that no floating point operations are included in
PGP, that no FP coprocessor is needed or used for PGP, and that the
Pentium bug could not affect PGP.
(In another thread, which I have no intention of trying to dig up now,
though I recall either Norm Hardy or Hal Finney was one of those to
comment, it was noted that some clever uses of floating point hardware
can help with ostensibly integer-only computations. But PGP, as noted
above, does not do this, and I expect this trick is not common.)
(I will send Robert several of these article, so others don't have to.
Game theory and all that good stuff.)
Not to sound strident, but if folks would keep copies of articles and
spend some time organizing them in data bases or in other searchable
forms, this would help the list. In my opinion, having personal access
to past posts is several orders of magnitude more important than
having MIDI-MIME JPEG-II TeX players that can display "Cypherpunks R
Us" in the correct font and with the "R" reversed according to spec.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-06 20:48:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Peter D. Lewis 
Maybe I'm biased, but I have a lot of respect for Kevin Kelly. I met
him at the first "Artificial Life" conference, at Los Alamos, 1987,
and he drove down here to Santa Cruz to interview me for several hours
for his not-yet-published "Wired." (As it turned out, Steven Levy also
interviewed some of us and Kelly chose to run Levy's article in the isuusue of "Wired," instead of his own, and submitted his own article
to "Whole Earth Review," where it ran in the Summer 1993 issue.
I've found Kelly to be somewhat quiet, and deep, and not all
flamboyant and grubbing after soundbite quotes.
His book "Out of Control," 1994, is the beast summary I've seen of the
swirl of concepts we are generally interested in.
So, what's your problem with Kelly? If it's the profit motive  of
"Wired," we disagree, as I think profits are great. If it's the
ad-laden pages of "Wired," well, that's life in the high-tech age of
cheap color printing, zillions of Macintoshes, and a culture that
loves high-tech glitz.
I think Kelly is a person of high integrity. It's hard to demand much
more than this.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-07 11:50:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Latency Costs of Anonymity 
[thread name changed to reflect actual topic]
The good news is that many of the messages that people want
anonymity for are *text* files, e.g., offers of services,
controversial data or opinions, etc. There's a kind of tradeoff in size and urgency. To wit, it is seldom
"urgent" that a 1 MB or 100 MB or whatever file get through. (Sorry I
can't draw my favorite little diagram here showing the space of
messages, with "urgency" and "size" as the axes.)
However, I will try such a diagram here:
    ^      ^               |short                    <---there are very few large files
 URGENCY   |messages                     that must be urgently transmitted
                  non-urgent
                  huge files
           ---------------------->
             text     books    videos
             10K       1 MB     1GB
                   S I Z E --->
(The tradeoffs are of viewing time, caching, information, etc. A short
message can be _read_ quickly, and hence may need to be transmitted
quickly. The canonical "Attack at dawn" message, for example. A long
message, such as my 1.3 MB FAQ, clearly can be delayed for hours or
days with no real loss, save impatience. My contention is that network
speeds--ISDN, Mosaic usage, faster modems, direct connections--are
being set up and that "urgent-but-small" messages will fit in nicely,
and with low latency through remailers. In the next several years,
that is.)
What this means is that networks of the future, set up to handle huge
files, video-on-demand, etc., will allow text messages to be carried
almost unnoticeably. Interstitially, if you will.
Reordering still requires N messages (whatever N may be), so it is
true that remailer sites must still have some traffic. But this
doesn't have to introduce latencies that are unacceptable.
(If this isn't clear, what I mean by the situation about large files
being shipped is that there should be little cost for users
circulating their own dummy messages through remailer chains. Digital
postage will cost, but costs will drop. Lots of tradeoffs here. No
point in me or any of us trying to anticipate costs, volumes, etc., as
these will evolve and the market will decide.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-07 14:58:36
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Latency Costs of Anonymity 
I didn't know you meant real-time conversations and interactions.
These are indeed very hard to get acceptable latency on in mixes.
Defeating traffic analysis in such a case is highly problematic, at
least with conventional remailers. (Unconventional remailers, such as
a dedicated telephone "traffic scrambler," with lots of internal
bandwith between nodes, could work. Obviously a lot of other traffic
would have to be flowing in and out.)
The tradeoffs are best analyzed with an actual mathematical model of
nodes, traffic rates, clumping of traffic, etc., rather than our
hand-waving here (hand-waving is OK for broad conceptual points, but
not in cases like this).
I'll be interested in what others calculate, but I think "conversation
mixes" are several years off, at best. The upcoming demo of Voice PGP
by Phil Zimmermann (scheduled to appear at the Demo Day meeting next
Saturday) may be a step in this direction.
BTW, to my graph in my last post we could add a z-axis representing
"value." Roughly, how much per unit of data transmitted. The
crypto-canonical "Attack at dawn" message might easily be worth many
dollars per byte to transmit untraceably, whereas a casual phone
conversation between Alice and Bob may not be worth (to them,
separately or in combination) much more than a few cents per kilobyte
In other words, there are economic as well as technologic reasons I
doubt we'll see low-latency, high-bandwidth audio or video remailers
anytime soon. (As we're seeing now: short messages can get through in
tens of seconds, But like I said, some calculations are called for. I'd start by
analyzing the existing voice-over-Internet systems, the packet sizes,
and so forth.
My suspicion is that Alice and Bob cannot defeat traffic analysis
while ~10K bits per second are flowing continuously between them
(audio), at least not until _many_ subnetworks are _much_
faster. Also, the CPU loads would be great (= costly)). Video is even
further off. Tricks to reduce bandwidth may help.
The digital mixes implicitly assumed in "True Names"--the year before
Chaum published his seminal mix paper--are a ways off.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-07 15:38:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Don't Say Anything More in Public! 
Josh, I'm sending this note to you privately--please don't comment
anymore in public on this! You could be undermining national
insecurity by revealing this system!
More than just key-crackers are included in the Emergency Broadcast
System boxes. In addition, the red LED acts just as the LEDs on cable
set-top boxes act, namely, as an infrared sensor. These LEDs can count
the numbers of citizen-units in the same room as the unit, and can of
course even detect the thermal signature of drug abuser (flushed skin,
dilated eyes, etc.).
The key-cracking functions are only incidental. In fact, they may not
even be cost-effective. I was told last year by the NSA's A.U.N.T.I.E.
(Authorization Unit for Non-Terminal Industrial Enterprises)
group that the real key-cracking crunch is contained in the *Clipper*
phones, which of course have crypto modules and can do all the right
calculations. They can also occasionally dial the Clipper phone ("Sorry, wrong
number.") and check on the progress of calculations. Mysterious phone
calls in the middle of the night should rightly worry folks--it may
mean your number's up.
But don't discuss this on the list! If you do, she'll have us killed.
(And don't call her Dotty!)
--Klaus! von Future Prime, being channelled by Carol
Moore^H^H^H^H^HAnne Braddock

@_date: 1995-01-07 16:18:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Anonymity and cost 
I think the meaning of "anonymous" here is clearly with respect to
_traffic analysis_. The "cost of anonymity" is with respect to the
costs and delays of using digital mixes (remailers)). The relatively
few bytes of header information don't affect the cost in any
substantive way.
Again, traffic analysis is the issue. (And I don't necessarily mean
NSA-type traffic analysis...Net-savvy investigators can trace messages
back to origins even when a message is ostensibly anonymous. So far as
I know, some form of mix/remailer is needed to ensure anonymity.))0
??? This is not the "cost" that is being discussed. Stripping or changing
headers is a trivial cost compared to the latency delays that may
result when mix reordering is done (how much latency is involved is a
function of several things, including reordering desired ("N"), amount
of other traffic).
Neither of these kinds of "anonymity" are cryptographically
interesting, or strong.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-07 17:00:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Latency, bandwidth, and anonymity 
No, this is too small a community for such tools to exist
off-the-shelf. Start with the standard mix papers, mentioned here
often. Also, Hal Finney made a first stab at a more careful
calculation of just how well remailer's do their job...this was about
half a year ago, as I recall.
The goal for whom? I find IRC a waste of time, so "anonymous
audivisual" is not even on my radar screen of things of interest. I
think it's >10 years off.
Think market. I don't see anyone paying for this until costs drop
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-09 00:46:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Vinge's True Email name ? 
As I described in a post last summer, I was at a party that Vernor was
at, and several of us stayed over until Sunday afternoon (it being
deep in the mountains of Marin and all, a long drive)). Eric Hughes
was there. Anyway, I talked about all this in that post.
Vernor was there until Sunday night, too, when the party hosts drove
him off to SFO (the airport, for the TLA-impaired) and I dropped Eric
off in Berkeley on my way home to Santa Cruz.
The point I'm making? First, Vernor had gotten some Cypherpunks posts
forwarded to him by that time, mostly by Russell Whittaker. He is
well-aware that the Cypherpunks list exists, and one must presume that
if he wanted to be on the list, he could be on it easily. (I doubt his
CompuSlave account is his only one, as he's on the faculty at San
Diego State, and hence has the usual access. I suspect he uses the
CompuServe account for his rec.arts.sf-lovers sort of mail; just a hunch.)
Second, he was aware of--and generally pleased by--the explicit role
"True Names" played in the early motivation for our activities. (As is
well known, the works of Chaum, Vinge, Card, Stephenson, Brunner, and
others played major roles.)
Third, for the curious, he _is_ working on a sequel to "AFUTD."
Contact him if you wish, but bear in mind that the more time he has to
spend reading and answering e-mail, the less work he'll get done on
his SF writing.
(And if he has to spend many hours getting his HyperMIME-JPEG3 SLIP
system running to see "Vernor Rulez!" in 80-point type, he may truly
decide he's been marooned in realtime.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-09 11:47:52
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Experiments and Toys vs. the Real Thing 
The debate about data havens and what they ought to really be, what
they ought to really accept, etc., is similar to debates about what
digital money ought to be, how remailers ought to operate, etc.
It's useful to categorize projects as "experimental" (or "toy," with
no negative connotations implied) or "commercial" (or "real," I
* EXPERIMENTAL, or TOY: Early efforts, meant to help illuminate the
issues, uncover problems, gain knowledge, educate people, etc.
* COMMERCIAL, or REAL: More robust, well-established. Usually "for
pay," and expected to be maintained, available, professionally
Now there's a fuzzy distinction between these, a continuum, really.
For example, PGP began life (esp. as v. 1.0) as an amateur or
experimental thing, with a few hacker experimentalists playing with
it. Version 2.x has been usable as a commercial tools, every bit as
good as "MailSafe," the ostensibly commerical RSADSI tool. The user
community has added enough capability and hooks to clearly put PGP in
the COMMERCIAL category: robust, supported, etc.
Remailers are _almost_ in the second category, especially when taken
as an ecological whole. (That is, any single remailer may be
flaky--though many aren't--but the pinging and reputation tools that
support the ecology make the ensemble more robust and usable.) Many of
us believe that "digital postage" paid remailing will be the final
step needed to move remailers into the commercial/real category.
Until thien, they're not businesses--they're hobbies and experiments.
(Which is fine, as one of the main reasons for Cypherpunks was to take
the academic papers presented at Crypto conferences and reify them in
working code, as experiments.)
Digital cash is more clearly still at the experimental level, as are
anonymous markets (like BlackNet), data havens, and so forth.
Why do I mention these points? Because there's a danger in "premature
professionalization." And a danger in criticizing experimental or toy
efforts for not being "pure enough."
The recent claims that nascent "data havens" _must_ support all files,
including hard-core porn, weapons secrets, etc. seems to be an example
of this. I'm not for censorship, just concerned that the data haven
_experiments_ are not secure enough, not robust enough, to actually
carry high-visibility files.
For example, data havens will clearly someday be used to carry defense
secrets, troop movements, weapons manufacturing details, etc. But I
would not want to carry them on my "experimental data haven," for
obvious reasons. Even if I only carried "non-American" secrets, such
as reports on Russian troop manouvers around Grozny, I could expect
visits from American officials (to stop me, to plant data they want
planted, etc.). (And let's not forget "snatch teams" that grab foreign nationals
suspected of crimes...Israel, Iraw, Iran, and the U.S. have grabbed
people in other countries. And more common is simple execution. If a
Swedish data haven carried files related to U.S. operations, and the
data haven location was known--part of what I mean by saying the
enabling technologies do not yet exist--then various measures would be
applied. Diplomatic, equipment sabotoage, even killing the operators.
I'm not being Ludlumesque here...clearly such "threats to national
security" would be seen as justifying various reactions. Especially to
send a message to other potential operators.)
Those advocating a "purist" (= professional/real) approach to data
havens, seen recently in the calls for data havens to never screen
files or accesses, should bear in mind that "data haven technology" is
lacking. Remailer chains leading in and out of data havens are still
non-robust, subject to attacks and compromises. And of course, digital
cash is still being thrashed out.
An experimental data haven that allowed unscreened access or
depositing of information would also become a a magnet for kooks, for
those wishing to sabotage such havens, etc. If truly serious
information was found on the haven, huge efforts would be mounted to
find the source, get the site shut down, etc. Current remailer
technology is just not up to the challenge. (I'm not saying it won't
someday be, just not now.)
Criticizing experimental data havens for "not going all the way" seems
to me to be wrong-headed. First, there's the usual issue of who bears
the risk, with those not at risk urging others to put themselves and
their sites are risk by being "pure." Second, and more important, the
enabling technologies for data havens are just not yet themselves
available and robust.
A data haven that carries "Four Horseman of the Infocalypse" material
will come under strong attack, legal, cryptographic, and physical.
There's a place for experimental or toy implementations, e.g., data
havens that operate in some limited domain. This allows the issues to
get explored before full-scale attacks are mounted. Think of it as a
training exercise, a drill, or an immunization.
--Tim May, who thinks the first real data havens will come under
intense attack and so had better be secure from the start

@_date: 1995-01-09 11:56:00
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Rumored CBS "hit" on internet coming 
Argghh!! When Connie interviewed me last week, she said I could
_whisper_ some dark uses to her and it would just be between the two
of us!
Life's a bitch, and so is Connie.
It seems to have gone through the "Newbie-nova" (a double newism?)
phase and is already dropping exponentially.
(By Newbie-nova I mean the spate of initial posts. I know the
syndrome, as I made several posts on my first day on "Cyberia.")
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-10 13:18:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: MEETING: Jan. 14th Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting 
This month's Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting will be held this Saturday,
January 14th, from 12 noon until 6 pm in Silicon Graphics Cafe Iris, the
usual place and time. Detailed directions are at the end of this message.
The topic:
                        Demonstrations
The emphasis will be on hands-on, live demonstrations of items of interest.
Several speakers will demonstrate products and tools on actual machines.
I encourage eating, shmoozing, and general milling-around to be finished by
12:30 at the latest, so we can start discussion of general items, updates,
etc. I'd really like to get the demos started by 1 p.m., and 1:30 at the
latest. We have a lot of demos planned and some special visitors in town
this week, and some special events that just happened. So, as I'm the
rotating chairentity this month, I'll wield the gavel ruthlessly.
The RSA Data Security Inc. annual conference happened this past week, so I
expect several folks will want to provide updates and news announcments,
e.g., the licensing of RSAREF, status of lawsuits, new results, etc.. Short
updates are good, but we just don't have the time for this meeting to
formally present recaps of interesting papers. If there were any *amazing*
results, they'll surely keep for a future meeting for more detailed
discussion (could be a theme for a meeting).
Also, Phil Zimmermann may be at the meeting (he's scheduled), so hearing
from him could easily soak up a couple of hours, which we just don't have.
In fairness to those who've planned demos, we'll have to try to limit all
these interesting folks to the first hour or so. Maybe a few minutes more.
And maybe later in the day there'll be time.
We have these demos planned.
* Henry Strickland (Strick) will, in his words, "be demoing Skronk
(transparent above-the-kernel encryption for TCP/IP) and Kudzu (the TCL
* Jack Repenning of SGI will demo two interfaces. In his own words, "I'm
planning to demo two interfaces, actually: the Emacs one (on an Indy),
and the MCIP "MacPGP Kit" plus Eudora extensions, on a Mac."
* Phil Zimmermann "will demo pgp 2.9 and possibly voice pgp," according to
Katy Kislitzin, who is in contact with Phil.
* Katy Kislitzin will bring up the "demo smosaic" she has. (Secure Mosaic.)
* Raph Levien will demonstrate "premail," his remailer-chaining tool.
* Other ad hoc demos of items of interest may happen. We'll have several
machines set up, so those with interesting software or hardware can perhaps
do some brief, unscheduled demos.
If I left anyone out, anyone who sent me e-mail saying they wanted to demo,
I apologize. I went back over my mail and these were the folks I found
who'd sent me e-mail.
Contact me at my normal e-mail address (tcmay at netcom.com) as soon as
possible if you want to be added. (I'll be travelling to LA on Friday, for
a television interview with the BBC on crypto, and so will be unwired that
The emphasis is on hands-on demos, to expose folks to tools,
capabilitities, possible future products. Informality is fine.
NOTE TO PRESENTERS: Make arrangements to have machines you'll need there.
An SGI Unix machine is permanently in the room. Other machines will have to
be brought. Because of my trip to LA on Friday, I doubt I'll be bringing my
PowerMac 7100AV with me, but I will have a PowerBook 170 laptop Macintosh,
if all else fails. Windows and DOS demo folks should bring their machine of
(Atari, Cromemco, Amiga, Altair, and Exidy Sorcerer users are of course on
their own.)
The overhead video system is often more trouble than its worth, but it will
be available for at least some of the demos. Those wishing to tie into
should have either RGB outputs from their machine, or NTSC composite video.
I'll bring my Hi-8 camcorder, which can tie in, and thus allow me to zoom
in on whatever machines are there and display the video on the overhead
Dinner plans will, as usual, be made in the last chaotic moments of the meeting.

@_date: 1995-01-10 23:46:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Pornography, What is it? 
The Amendment(s) may read "Congress shall make no law...," but the
states are *not* in fact able to pass laws restricting freedom of speech,
establish religions, quarter troops, and so on. Or, rather, they may
go ahead and pass such laws, but the Supreme Court will generally
strike them down as being "unconstitutional."
See how far Utah would get in establishing Mormonism as the official
state religion ("But the Constitution says _Congress_ shall make not
no, and we're not the Congress, so there!").
Deviations exist, of coure. The Second Amendment is in fact routinely
trampled by various states and local jurisdictions, as states ban
various types of guns, etc. There is hope in the gun rights community
that the Supremes will someday deign to hear a case on this and so
strike down these laws which clearly controvert the Constitution.
I'm  not a lawyer, and it's been 25 years since I was in a "civics"
class, so I'm sorry to not recall the precise language by which
"Congress shall make no law" also is taken to apply to Sacramento,
Albany, Austin, and so forth.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-11 10:00:33
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Storm Signals 
CNN reported on Monday that U.S. troops are being sent back to Somalia
to ensure and orderly and safe withdrawal of U.N. peacekeeping forces.
This might explain the few thousand Green Berets being sent, if this
is so. About the GPS, I have nok idea, though it seems plausible.
I know this has no Cypherpunks relevance, but I see a lot of
speculation, so I thought adding what CNN is reporting might help.

@_date: 1995-01-11 19:55:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
Actually, no. If the remailed material is encrypted, then looking at
it is harmless. (And if it is not....) The "ideal mix" neither looks
at nor keeps records about remailed items, of course. The "nonideal
mix" may easily insist on encryption.
I won't go through the rest of the points here, but there's a key word
here: entropy. Get familiar with it now (and not just 50 years from
now, when the worms and the bacteria will be giving lectures).
Abstractly, it is not possible to ever prove that a file is either
encrypted or unencrypted. Practically, encrypted files have high
entropy per character (characters appear with approximately equal
frequency), while unencrypted files have relatively low entropy,
reflecting the patterns and n-tuple clusterings in ordinary languages.
Sophisticated entropy measures are available, and have been discussed
here. But there's an easier approach: try to compress the file.
An encrypted ( = high entropy) file will generally not compress, and
may even expand in size. An ordinary message in English or Dutch or
whatever, such as this one, will compress significantly, to perhaps
half it's uncompressed size. (Quibblers, this is the place where your
announce the precise compression seen...)
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-11 22:49:51
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
As I said in a recent message, there is no general way to "prove" that
a file is encrypted, only to have pretty good confidence that it is.
(This is at the core of algorithmic information theory, a la
Kolmogorov and Chaitin, goes to the heart of what is meant by
"randomness," and is linked as well to the halting problem and other
such stuff.)
I had a need to actually do what Jonathan is talking about: make a
file look like it was encrypted but actually have a simple text
message in it.
My application was an experiment to bait the line for some thought
policemen who decided that they would decide which pictures were
approprate and which were not. So, I created a plausible-looking
PGP-like file and posted it to the new group
"alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children" and announce that an
"interesting" picture existed there.
The squeals of the net.cops were impressive to behold! Demands to
Netcom that I be expelled from the Net, that the "Child Welfare
Agents" would soon be breaking down my doors, etc. But, given the climate of our time (this was in July 1993) and given
the potential failure of the "It's not a _real_ file" defense, I
protected myself in any easy way, but running an English message down
the diagonal, saying something like "This is not a real encrypted file," etc.
Even a lawyer would have to admit that no real encrypted file could
have English emerging randomly. Entropy, and all that.
So, this was an ostensibly encrypted file which contained unencrypted
text. It would very likely have passed any tests for "randomness"
and hence would have been passed by any "encrypted only" filters. (The
English text was a tiny fraction of the entire file, so the deviation
from near-maximal entropy would likely go undetected. Fluctuations
would be larger, depending on file size.)
Nobody spotted the message. After several days, I "let the truth be
told," which of course enraged others. I though this digression might be amusing to some.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-15 20:30:18
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Jude Milhon in WIRED 
I'm not sure what Perry's not having heard of Jude Milhon is supposed
to mean, or how "Wired" interviewing her is "another example of the
continuing decay," etc.
In any case, Jude Milhon has been active in the hacker-writer
community, going back to the 1970s. Steven Levy's "Hackers" has
several pages on her role in various things happening in the Lee
Felsenstein circle of folks (there may be some of you who have no idea
who Lee is....I can only hope that when you find interviews with him
you not assume decay is occurring). More recently she was an editor at
"Mondo 2000" and has had various connections to Cypherpunks.
Jude was indeed the coiner of the "cypherpunk" term, and was at most of
the early meetings, for at least the first year. (My FAQ will have
more information on how Jude came to think of the name and whatnot.)
She's not presently subscribed and hence can't speak up in this
strange matter of how an interview with her implies a magazine is in
(I'm hoping this is not what Perry really meant, but I can't see any
other interpretations based on what I quoted above.)
I just don't think Jude deserves this kind of casual trashing. While I haven't been reading "Mondo" regularly for a couple of years,
and while I'm getting bored with "Wired," this doesn't mean that
people being interviewed deserve trashing. (Indeed, the "bleeding
edge" trendiness of "Wired," say, means that nearly anything once
"wired" is fated to be marked as "tired" by the "stimulate me!"
Starbucks crowd of techno-yuppies. Unlike a more staid journal, like
"Nature" or "The Economist," as examples, trendy techno-style mags
like "Wired," "Spin," "boing boing," "Future Sex," and a hundred other
wirehead variants of "Vogue" and "People" will appeal precisely to the
style mavens who so fickly announce what is trendy and what is not.
Anyone who professes to be "disappointed" by "Wired" was clearly taken
in by their hype.
(For what it's worth, I still enjoy flipping through the pages, often
finding one or two items that spark my thinking. No, much of it is
junk. So what else is new?)
Oh, and on Rishab's original point about "charter members," I took
this in the usual figurative sense. A charter member of the
Cypherpunks is basically just a card-carrying member. (Hint: Find your
own cards.)

@_date: 1995-01-15 21:57:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Jude Milhon in WIRED 
It's in the Cyphernomicon FAQ...just grep for it.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-16 10:27:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Jude Milhon in WIRED 
And I apologize to Perry for not being even more elliptic in my
questioning of his language. It's jus that Jude is pretty well known
out here, at least by the group that was at the early meetings, and
One thing I've found is that the electronic age has made me more
careful about insulting specific people. The Kibo Effect, call it.
(Hi, Kibo!) General insults, or political statements, are of course kosher, but
making any kind of snide remarks about Joe Foobar, for example, will
often result in these comments being fed to the at person. (I recently
made some comments here on this list about a public Net person, whom I
do not believe is or was subscribed...a few days later I got a
note from this person objecting to my characterization of his views! I
am assuming someone forwarded the traffic to him.)
So, if I see a "marginal" person interviewed by "Wired," I am
circumspect about commenting on them...they might be on the list, they
might actually be doing something important, etc. (Like that unknown
guy "Andreeson," or somesuch...I don't have any idea what he's done,
and I never heard of him before last year, but all the hype-zines are
putting him on their covers, so he must be doing something interesting
:).) Anyway, many of the folks "Wired" and the other hype-zines interview
are indeed strange and marginal. To be expected. There are only so
many of the standard "talking heads" that can be interviewed (the
stand-bys like Engelbart, Nelson, Toffler, Pournelle, etc.).
Frankly, I'd rather see a story on "Zippies," about which I'd heard
nothing substantive before, than Yet Another Ted Nelson Story, about
which I've heard entirely too much over the past decade. (Not to
insult Ted--Hi, Ted!--but there are only so many ways to tell the
Xanadu story...time for new approaches.)
I know some folks in the crypto/PGP community who were quite miffed
that such "marginal" folks as Eric Hughes, John Gilmore, and I were
featured on the cover of "Wired" 1.2 two years ago...they naturally
saw themselves as being more worthy, as perhaps they were....such is
life. The "credit assignment problem" in evolution and genetic
programming remains a tough one.
Finally, "Wired" is still mixing stories about flakes with seminal
articles, such as the one on "FinCEN" a while back. That makes it
still worth looking at, at least to me.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-17 23:30:20
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Known data havens for pirates? Doubtful 
The comments about data havens have been interesting to read. Being
the analytic-retentive type, I like to view things as tables and
graphs, of such things as: who knows location (nobody, some,
everybody) vs. types of data supported, for example. But I won't make
such a table here, now.
[Note on my responses. Netcom is not accepting mail connections, so
Cypherpunk mail basically doesn't arrive from the early morning to
very late in the evening. This has to do with toad not using "MX mail
records," as near as we could figure out. Please don't send
suggestions, as I can't get either toad or Netcom changed. I merely
point this out to explain why I basically am out of the debate during
the day. The information highway is becoming a dirt road.]
I mainly agree with Rishab's point: the idea of a known, fixed
location that carries Infocalypse material is deeply flawed. Data
havens just won't be in known locations, at least not primarily.
While I found Bruce Sterling's "data havens" in the Caribbean, Africa,
and Asia interesting and provocative, they made no sense as viable,
stable entities. No site which is _known_ to be a Warez site, a
bootleg Nazi medical data site, a copyright violation haven, etc.,
will last for long. Whether knocked out as a result of a
U.N. Resolution (infinitely easier than zapping Saddam), or sabotaged
the way the French SDECE hit the "Rainbow Warrior," or merely
subverted at ground level, the site cannot last. "The Center cannot
Fortunately, there is no reason for data havens to be in fixed
locations. Or in traceable, identifiable locations.
My BlackNet thought experiment was much more than a mere Gedanken
experiment: as many of you learned, it was/is a real key, and 2-way
communication has happened. Of course, you mostly all know I was the
instigator (and those who don't haven't followed the debate and/or
haven't read the Cyphernomicon section on BlackNet).
              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Yes, this is the way to go. The data havens have a location that is a
public key in cyberspace. Think of it as one entity placing an
anonymous, untraceable classified ad in a newspaper, readable by many,
and others placing ads in response. A two-way communication channel is
thus opened up, without regard for the physical location of each, the
nature of the communication, the data to be transferred, etc.
All of that is just detail.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-18 11:17:31
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TEMPEST 
We all need to remember that projects are not "proposed" and then
"assigned." That is, projects only get done when someone decides to
personally champion that project.
I'm sure this is obvious, but maybe not.
The TEMPEST thread comes up now and then, but nobody (at least to my
knowledge) has gotten interested enough to pursue it. Before anyone
ever asks why _others_ are not doing work in this area, they should
look to themselves. (Not meant to be a critical remark directed at
Joel, just a general comment that the only things that get done are
the things that get done.)
TEMPEST has very little to do with Cypherpunks goals, actually. First,
buying such a gadget, tweaking it, exploring capabilities, etc., would
lead to what? The ability to park a van in front of someone's house
and--maybe--monitor their screens? We already know this is possible.
(You all knew that, didn't you?)
I'm not saying it wouldn't be useful to have someone on our list who
has a lot of experience in this area, but mainly just for the
"background" it would provide.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-18 13:09:58
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: TEMPEST 
(quoting me)
Sure, let us know what you find. I'm not being catty here; I'm making
a serious point about return on investment. My guess is that getting a
reasonable Van Eck capability could cost $10K, maybe less, maybe more.
And what would this show that we basically don't already know in
principle? (We've all seen televisions showing "interference" from
computers, so we know that signals are getting out....)
And if nothing is seen with our $10K of equipment, what does this
prove against an attacker who can easily afford to spend 20 or 30
times that amount to equip a van?
Cypherpunks have been exploiting technology that is comparatively
_much cheaper_ and which changes the equation.
But, again, let me not discourage you (Joel) from becoming our expert
on TEMPEST and Van Eck emissions. You may find it fun, and maybe even
profitable (consulting for corporations to harden their sites, for
example). I just object to the "we ought to be doing this" mentality. In
general, for reasons many of us have written about here before, and in
particular, because I think spending $10,000 to prove what we already
know--that RF emissions can be detected and demodulated--is a poor use
of money. That $10K would go a long way to getting PGP Phone finished.
Then go for it. Make this your specialty, your contribution to the
Cause. But beware of empty exhortations that "somebody ought to work
on this."
"We have met the somebody, and he is us."
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-18 16:39:11
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Good "Economist" article on Cyberspace 
[I'm getting no Cypherpunks list traffic today, only mail sent to me
directly, so I apologize if this has come up already.]
The Jan 14-20 issue of "The Economist" has a good article on "Who
speaks for cyberspace?,"  which does a good job of summarizing the
civil libertarian arguments and why the EFF "imploded."
"Little wonder that many Internet pioneers thought they had stumbled
upon an electronic Utopia....If a single set of beliefs can be said to
dominate the politics of cyberspace, it is radical libertarianism..."
About the withdrawal of the EFF from the political fray:
"That leaves cyberspace's radical libertarians without a voice in
Washington. They're probably delighted."
I know I am.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-18 20:05:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Lance Rose writes anti-cryptoanarchy in WIRED 
First, I want to know how Rishab, in India, gets "Wired" so early (or
why I, right next to Silicon Valley, get it so late). He's mentioned
the February issue twice now, and all I have is the January "White
Second, I didn't know Lance Rose was a lawyer, or even a "SysLawyer"
(?). When I met him a couple of years ago, he'd just gotten out of
jail and was working for the satellite Usenet distribution company
(whose name I don't recall, and who I've heard less of than I might've
expected to, subjunctively speaking).
In any case, there a zillion odd opinions on the Net of a Million
Lies. Most of them will vanish without a trace. That's comforting.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-18 21:43:25
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Lance Rose writes anti-cryptoanarchy in WIRED 
Josh Geller reminded me that it may've been Len Rose I was thinking
of. Len, Lance, I don't know.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-18 23:57:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Lance Rose writes anti-cryptoanarchy in WIRED 
Enough already! This is the seventh or eighth such correction that's
been sent to me, some of them also sent to the list.
I understand that errors get picked up promptly by all you eagle-eyes,
but enough already.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-19 01:15:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
I don't think I've used "crisis" in a thread I started, so this tells
you what I think.
The remailers are stagnating, only very slowly adding important
features, and the number is not growing...in fact, it's been
This, as the remailers are under attack. Editorialists are railing
against the dangers of anonymity and remailers, and the "Church of
Scientology" is threatening lawsuits against remailer operators unless
they block certain newsgroups. (Lots of issues, clever workarounds
proposed, etc.)
Now whether or not the Church of Scientology, or RSADSI (for the RC4
code remailing), or anyone else could legally _win_ such a case is not
the issue. Not many remailer operators would be able to mount a
defense...they are not, frankly, folks heros as Zimmermann is--and
even PRZ is struggling to raise money. Maybe the EFF (ugh) would leap
into the fray, but I doubt it. Nope, I fear that the pressures that
have driven several remailers to halt operation are just the tip of
the iceberg. (Some remailers have quit because of words from their
sysadmins, semi-threatening conversations with Brad Templeton--Hi,
Brad!--, and so on. Real letters from real lawyers would have a
profoundly more chilling effect.)
We've debated this stuff many times, but the numbers of remailers are
shrinking. Raph Levien summarized the situation nicely in a post to
alt.anon-server: "We're down to fifteen remailers now, many of which are unreliable. I
would say the remailer net is not in good shape right now.
Fortunately, I know of a number of plans to bring new remailers up, as
well as restoring old ones."
(I hope Raph can share with us soon what some of the plans are, unless
he fears revealing this will aid our opponents.)
I could see the whole remailer system imploding. A few threatening
letters, especially if sent by real lawyers, could demolish the few
U.S. sites. And with the Netherlands toying with proposals to ban or
limit private encryption, having Holland as the main remaining host for
remailers would be rather precarious.
We need lots more remailers, in many more countries.
What can be done?
* We need to get the number of "solid" remailers up from the current
dozen or so up into the _hundreds_.
* I favor separating the "account that remails" from the "owner of the
site," as I have argued in vain in the past. (Example: a willing site
gives out or sells many accounts...each is legally separate, and each
must be legally challenged. My longer posts dealt with this.)
(The owner of the site/machine can take a "hands off" attitude toward
what his customers are doing in their accounts. This doesn't stop
pressures from being applied, but it slows them down, and (probably)
better insulates the owner from legal charges.)
* Traffic needs to be increased. Remailers should probably go to
constant padding traffic, to do this. Exhorting end-users to use
remailers more won't be enough.
* More offshore sites are needed. So far, only Canada and the
Netherlands are offshore hosts (and Canada is effectively part of the
U.S.). Some sites in Russia would be dramatic. Ditto for Asia, South
America, etc.
* The whole issue of "remailer businesses," with all the usual issues
of digital postage, stamps, coupons, etc, has to be resolved. That is,
we need to get some movement here. Most remailers are run as projects
by students on machines they don't control, or that they can be
pressured on, or with a committment to stay in business that will
evaporate too easily. A business, with business responsibilities, is
usually a more stable solution. I think we need to set some rough targets and brainstorm on how to get
to them.
For example, the Linux mavens could tell us if Linux-based remailer
boxes could be hung on dedicated connections to The Little Garden
network, as a specific example. A "black box remailer" such as several
folks have suggested (Chaum (in 1981), me, Eric Hughes, others) might be
buildable for under a grand. We could ask here for contributions, and
might even raise this amount of money. Then each of us who contributed
could have "accounts," maybe several of them. Imagine 100 or more
"remailers" all on this one machine--I'm deliberately ignoring the
security issue for now. Little Garden has stated categorically that
they will not tell users what they can or can't do with their machines
(though I can think of some cases where they might have to, as with
spamming, etc.). Anyway, you can see where I'm headed.
My big fear is that the one really major achievement of the
Cypherpunks group, the remailers, are not increasing in number and
could be knocked out all too easily with some legal attacks.
It's time to get cracking on this crisis.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-19 10:51:01
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
Jeff's response is exactly what I was hoping for! The "Cypherpunks
distribution" version of Linux would be a great way to spread cheap
remailer technology on cheap Linux boxes. Hell, I might even augment
my Macs with one of these things!
This is what I'd expect....I just don't know the details.
A great idea. This could be the "remailer in a box" we've been talking
about for a long time. Could also include a package of security and
crypto utilities, etc. Sort of what the "Gnu" folks might do if they
were involved in crypto. (By "involved in crypto" I mean of course
Cypherpunks sorts of concerns, which Stallman seems to have not much
interest in, at least publically.)
Well, if I take the other side of the bet, that I *can't*, is that kosher?
Sounds very good to me.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-19 11:51:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Time" Magazine and "Future Shock" Author 
[I'm into my daily "blackout" of toad mail to Netcom, so am posting
blind, as usual. If this article has already been posted, my
The January 23rd issue of "Time," this week's issue, features a cover
story on talk shows, Limbaugh, Gingrich, and "HyperDemocracy." I
haven't seen the physical issue yet, but have skimmed the Web version
Point your browser at it and have fun.
Lots of folks are flaming the article, in the usual newsgroups (e.g.,
alt.data-highway). Me, I'm as scared as "Time" is about "direct,
electronic democracy," though perhaps for different reasons.
On a related note, the article and sidebars touch heavily on the
"cybergurus" who are advising Newt Gingrich on his journey into
cyberscpace, notably Alvin Toffler ("Future Shock," "The Third Wave,"
"Powershift," etc.) and George Gilder ("Beyond Wealth and Poverty,"
"Macrocosm," lots of essays on the Net).
As it happens, I spent some time talking to Alvin and Heidi Toffler at
an interview last Friday in L.A.--they were being interviewed before
and after me. Not enough time to really get into issues, and of course
they did most of the talking (Heidi is especially opinionated, and had
just been in a highly publicized battle with newage guru Arianne
Huffington, spacey wife of losing candiate in California, Michael H.).
Anyway, we talked about John Brunner (as you all know, Brunner's
seminal "The Shockwave Rider," was inspired by "Future Shock") and his
ideas. (And we all agreed that "Stand on Zanzibar" was his crowning
achievement...even Shalmaneser admitted "Christ, what an imagination
he's got.")
* on digital cash: Heidi: "Oh, we're for it! Did you hear what I just
told the interviewer?" (I didn't, as I was in the adjacent room. Later
comments lead me to believe that neither of the Tofflers has a clear
idea of what's going to happen with digital cash and crypto anarchy.)
* on the NSA and the t-shirt I showed them ("Cypherpunks: putting the
NSA out of business"): "Oh, no, we need a strong NSA now more than
(What else would I expect? They view the NSA as the main bastion
against terrorists plotting to blow up the World Trade Center. Alvin
was generally more reserved and thoughtful. When I pointed out that
the very hotel room we were in could be used to plot crimes, even
nuclear terrorism, and that the solution to stop this would have to be
an Orwellian regime of continuous monitoring, Alvin nodded
thoughtfully, but Heidi just sniffed. I mention this to give a flavor,
just a whiff, of what senior advisors to the most influential man in
America are thinking.)
* I gave Alvin a copy of my "Crypto Anarchy and Virtual Communities"
* My interview was pretty disappointing, by the way. Lots of sitting
around, delays in getting my laptop hooked up to Netcom (outside calls
had to be unblocked). The interviewer wanted memorable, quotable stuff
from me, but I felt constricted sitting around and being expected to
spout on cue. Maybe they'll get a few minutes of usable stuff....
(Print media is so much better. An interviewer can let the tape
recorder run for hours, can edit the containing material of a quote,
and can thus produce clear, coherent quotes. A video interview is more
constrained in lots of ways, and offending gestures or rambling
interjections cannot be easily edited out. As one example, at one
point I naturally (to me at least) said something about "As we just
saw...." Well, this made this quote unusable. And so it goes.)
I was generally unhappy with the whole thing. Four hours to get there,
two hours spend waiting around, an hour to resolve problems, an hour
under the camera lights (being told not to move, to "use the mouse,"
to "tell us why cryptography is important," etc.), and five hours to
get home. All for a few minutes at most on a t.v. show.
Oh, the show is the BBC's "Horizons" science series, which may also
get sold to U.S. outlets, etc. I think the title will be "The
Information Bomb," and features segments on information warfare, a la
Winn Schwartau's views, the Tofflers, some military planners,
I don't have high hopes for my segment.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-19 12:20:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
One thing I should've noted is that a Linux-based cheap remailer is
mostly useless without a "live connection" to the Net. That's why I
mentioned hanging these directly off The Little Garden's net (i.e.,
putting the box in the same building as the physical net, to avoid
expensive connections).
What are the cheapest "live connections" (24-hour a day connections)
available? Where I am, about $100 a month, plus whatever the local
phone company charges for a dedicated line. ISDN is an option, but it
looks to cost $400-800 to get started, plus a monthly charge (which I
don't recall, except that I "gulped" when I heard it).
So, even an el cheapo 486-based Linux box, for perhaps $800 or so,
would need to solve the problem of a cheap, continuous connection to
the Net. (My supposition is that one approach is to share these
connections, hence my notion of hanging machines on other people's
At $100-200 per month for connect charges, I don't expect a "cheap
Linux distribution" will cause many people to set up remailers.
What have I overlooked?
Are there options for several machines to share a connection? (I'm
sure there are....). Someone who already has a connection may be
willing to host additional machines, which could share some of the
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-19 16:56:16
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
Well, let's do the math. Since the remailer has to be connected at all
times, of course, this implies $162 a month in connect charges, over
and above the other charges. Or $187 a month including the line
charge. Or $2244 a year. This makes a "cheap Linux box" almost a moot point. This is a lot more
than I'm willing to pay to run a remailer.
(I can imagine workarounds that involve connecting at regular
intervals to pick up mail....assuming it "accumulates" somewhere (?),
but the goal of a remailer "on the Net" is what I'm after.)
I agree that it's something to look at.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-20 15:20:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
I of course agree with everything Rishab just said, because I've made
these points repeatedly over the last year or so. The
"remailer-in-a-box" was even my coinage, though I make no claims to
working on it more than just proposing some ideas.
I mention this because I sense a fair amount of frustration by many of
us that the same ideas keep coming up, keep getting general support,
but don't move along further. I've certainly felt this, and I know
others have, too.
(I sometimes think that nearly all messages here are just skimmed by
the readers, so the same stuff keeps bubbling up over and over again.)
Yet I'm not pointing a finger at the remailer operators or anyone
else. The problems are systemic, related to why things don't get done.
In any case, I strongly urge--and have several times now--that the act
of owning or operating  a site be explicity disconnected from the act
of having an account that does remailing.
Sites/Owners that allow remailing accounts ARE NOT THE SAME AS
accounts/owners that actually do the remailing! Further, there is no legal requirement (U.S.) that accounts be
"identifiable" publically--and probably no legal requirement that
accounts be identifiable at _all_. Thus, I could buy (Rishab's
"sponsor") a remailer account on foo.bar for some amount of money,
paid with paper currency sent to the remailer (just to help defray
costs, not as a sophisticated "paid remailer" scheme).
(And if charges of abuse, or legal letters from the Church of Aptical
Foddering, cause the site owner to "shut down" account
remailer73 at foo.bar, then a new account, remailer121 at foo.bar can be
instantiated immediately. Nothing illegal about this, unless the site
itself is (somehow) declared to be a contributory nuisance or somesuch.)
For reasons which should be apparent to all, having my name, or any
other name, attached to a remailer (e.g., "Tim-Remailer at foo.bar")
could invite deliberate attacks, spams, etc. Better to have remailers
have no such flags or invitations, a point several of you have also
commented on (in terms of picking domain names that are not
inflammatory or that will not trigger local scrutiny).
Like Duncan F., I will be willing to sponsor or buy some remailer
accounts. How many I sponsor will depend on the price, features,
reliabillity, etc. (Please do not post "Hey, I'm willing to do this,
so send me your $100 now." messages....for obvious reasons.)
I am waiting for such services to be actually, formally, solidly
announced, not just casual remarks that it might be possible. And of
course the software should be "ready to wear," port-a-potty, so that
the remailer account owner does nothing more than pay for the account.
(Aside: I strongly recommend that some emergent naming conventios be
discussed. For example, the "remailers-in-a-box" may need to be "no
frills" remailers, with no errors reported to the sender, no help to
those who send the wrong instructions, no hand-holding, and even _no
further contact_ between those who sponsored/bought the accounts and
the account itself! This could be marked as "anon-nf-137 at foo.bar,"
meaning, an anon account, no frills, number 137 (of many more,
hopefully). And so on.)
And it will also depend on site reliability, uptime, etc. One site I
would otherwise be tempted to sponsor a remailer account on recently
took 5 days to forward a test message, so the problems are
apparent. (I believe remailer operators need to _promote_ their sites,
by citing uptimes, features, policies....but this is another one of
those ideas that keeps coming up over and over again, from various
The "crisis" I am talking about is that we are down to a handful of
sites, down from nearly 20 at one time, and with no apparent upward
trend in numbers.
Separating the act of having the courage/dedication to allow remailers
from the act of operating remailers out of accounts is the key.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-20 19:07:08
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Remailers-in-a-box 
In this model the owner of the machine (who is not himself a remailer,
only a seller of accounts) simply ignores all such issues of
mailbombs, spams, request for address blocks. He has a form letter
than says something like:
"I am not the initiator of any mail bombs, spams, or illegal mail. I
merely sell accounts, like private mail boxes. Some of the mail you
are objecting to may have originated on my system, some may merely
have passed through my system, just as mail passes through many
systems from sender to receiver. If you have problems, talk to the
sender, not to me. Under the ECPA I cannot even _look_ at the mail on
my system, and even if it were legal, I would not."
It likely buys a couple of years of protection, though. Currently the
remailer sites = remailer accounts, so they have little or no
I don't think "disingenuous" as very apt description. For one thing,
my proposal certainly doesn't make things any _worse_ for the true
remailers. --Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-20 19:09:29
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: IRS to keep unreviewable secret dossiers on US citizens 
The articles I've read on this new system ("Compliance 2000") make it
clear that the IRS will be buying data from non-governmental entities,
e.g., the direct marketing databases and the commercial credit
reporting agencies. This neatly skirts the FOIA, as the FOIA cannot be
used to force a private entity or corporation to reveal its own data
(which, as a libertarian, I am glad of....I wouldn't want folks
demanding to sift through my records, files, and dossiers).
This just extends the type of "subcontracting" to nominally private
entities that the intelligence community began many years ago. The
corporation, "Dossiers R Us," will be the "Air America" for our age.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-20 21:18:50
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
But is your Mac on the Internet on a more or less continuous basis? A
remailer that only works when the owner happens to log on to collect
his mail is not terribly useful (though not useless, as others have
also noted....just a "very unpredictable lag time" remailer, sort of
the "surface mail" of e-amil).
It happens that the Net is mainly built up of Unix boxes, hence the
focus here on Unix. OS/2, Windows, and Mac boxes will be used
increasinly for constant connection applications, so the idea has
merit, long term.
(Another nit: the Mac, which is what I also use, currently lacks
preemptive multitasking. Thus, if one's Mac is playing a multimedia
CD-ROM when new mail comes in, it likely won't get remailed until the
first app quits or is manually switched out. (Yeah, a few things like
print drivers can run in background, and maybe the new TIA emulators
can trick the OS into processing SLIP or PPP mail in the background,
but who knows?) The consensus is that the Mac is powerful, but it
ain't cut out yet to be a Unix box.)
The language is a lesser deal. Remember that Eric Hughes knocked out
the first remailer in Perl in a few days, and MacPerl exists for the
Mac. Going to Pascal would probably be more trouble than it's worth.
But the most important feature to have is a solid, reliable connection
to the Net. A computer that gets taken to classes, is not connected to
the Net, etc., is not very useful as a remailer.
(The key is not that a remailer can sometimes remail, but that it can
be counted on to be part of chain without the mail getting "dropped on
the floor.")
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-20 21:38:37
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
(By the way, Hello, Dalai!)
I addressed this main issue in the posting about writing remailers for
Macs, so I'll be ultra-brief here.
Had DOS/Windows/OS/2 boxes been "on the Net" in a serious way when
Eric wrote the first remailer in 1992, he could have written the
remailer for the DOS box he then owned.
The issue has been that Unix boxes have dominated the Net, with lots
of tools for handling mail, redirecting output, etc. DOS tends to have
standalone apps, with cumbersome communication, and DOS has not had
preemptime multitasking as Unix of course has had.
"The network is the computer," as Scott McNeally used to say, and a
reliable and continuous Net connection is much more important for a
remailer than a fast CPU or GUI environment.
This will change, based on the numbers of Windows and OS/2 systems
being sold, and based on moves to build-in Net connection
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-20 22:12:38
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Smart Roads" for toll collection and traffic logging 
No doubt the various cites and local governments can raise extra
revenue by selling the tracking data to the IRS for their new
"Compliance 2000" program, to FinCEN to see if suspicious travel
patterns are being engaged in, to the War on Some Drugs soldiers to
see if the car is deemed to be a drug carrier, and so on. Even better,
women seeking abortions, for example, could be denied access to the
toll roads that are known to lead to the evil abortionists! The
possibilities are endless.
All of this is old news, in that Brunner warned of ubiquitous
computers in "The Shockwave Rider," and Chaum explicity dealt with the
threat of position tracking in his proposal for digital, untraceable
Lucky Greene demonstrated at the last CP meeting a toll payment card
that uses Digicash.  About the size of a credit card, it handles the
payment but is unlinkable to driver or car ID.
Cities won't use this technology unless customers demand it. Of
course, cities don't view road users as customers who can take their
business elsewhere.
I don't expect very widespread use of digicash.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-20 22:38:45
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: The Remailer Crisis 
If it's up nearly all the time (23.8 hours a day), accepting mail,
then I see no reason your machine can't be a remailer. If, however, it
gets turned off, taken home for the holidays, isn't always in a state
to accept mail, then your remailer will get pinged and downchecked by
the testing programs. (And you won't easily be able to arrange for multple "accounts" on the
machine, given the sorry state of such things on the Mac.)
Others may know more about this means for running a remailer on a Mac.
I do know that Scott Collins, a Mac programming wizard who works for
Apple, chose to run his remailer on Netcom's Unix machines...he would
be a person to ask about what you hope to do.
I can't help here. Try the Perl discusssion groups...there's probably
a FAQ on both Perl and MacPerl that discusses incompatibilities and issues.
As an aside, maybe working on another project, one that is actually
new territory, would be a more interesting and useful thing to do.
With a 660AV, and the various audio tools available, a Mac version of
PGP Phone might be a lot more interesting.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-20 23:14:40
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Data Vaults (vs. Data Havens) 
She's a better novelist than an information theorist...
All the talk recently about data havens [secure storage variety] got
me to thinking. (In case you're wondering, I specified [secure storage variety]
becuase there seems to be some confusion, or at lest conflation, about
what a "data haven" does. Is it for selling illegal data publically?
Is it for storing sensitive material, privately? Something else?)
Anyway, for securely storing data that one wishes to be able to later
retrieve, but wishes thieves and authorities not to have, here are
some major possibilities:
1. The old stand-by. Keep copies of data at a friend's house. (This is
what I do, to guard against fires or thefts or ransackings by the
Thought Police.)
(Knowing where the stuff is stored is part of the "key" to getting it,
and only adds a few bits to the overall key lenth in most cases. That
is, not much security against a capable adversary, But fires are
usually pretty dumb, and cops not much smarter, so this works pretty
2. True secure storage, using a commercial service. Mineshafts, salt
domes, concrete buildings, etc. are commonly used for this. Corporate
records, etc. Pay a fee, store your files, etc. Of course, a subpoena
will get the data posthaste.
2A. Offshore secure storage, in a jurisdiction that will no honor
subpoenas form one's country. Lots of obvious issues here: bribery of
the vault, pressures applied locally, black bag jobs, etc.
3. Encryption, with either local or remote storage. 3A. Encrypted, but local. This is by far the most common scenario, the
one most of us use all the time. Can the authorities force disclosure
of a key? I have a *lot* on this in my FAQ, so I won't repeat it here.
Basic conclusion: has not been tested, but it is unlikey that a
defendent who claims to have "forgotten" his passphrase, or who just
clams up, will get zapped for this, per se.
3B. Encrypted, offshore. Actually, this is similar to the above. If
the court can compell decryption, it can certainly compell retrieval
of files. And if it can't compell decryption, the files are no less
safe if stored locally.
(But I admit that the realities are not so simple. Offshore storage
offers some additionaal advantages. For one, "duress codes" that the
site owner in Belize that the person requesting the material, in LA,
is actually under duress. The site operator can then report back a
convenient "disk crash" and the authorities will be screwed. This
stratagem is harder to do cleanly in the U.S., for example, where the
site owner might be subpoenaed.)
4. Purloined Letter. Hide it in plain site. Steganography, in one of
your hundreds of DATs, or in GIFs and PICTs, etc. Without the key,
they won't know where it is.
(I've been pushing this since 1988, in postings on sci.crypt and
elsewhere. Romana Machado and others have implemented the image-based
version.) 5. A variant is to use ftp sites. Encrypt the data and place it in an
ftp site that allows write access. Use remailers if you wish. Then,
your secret data is stored in encrypted, unidentifiable form on
someone else's computer, retrievable by you later.
(Lots of issues here. Our never-realized "anonymous anonyomous ftp"
capability could mean the storer would not even know what continent
the site was on.)
Well, these are just some of the ideas. Me, I stick to simply
encrypting sensitive files and keeping a couple of copies in safe
places. I don't think we ought to call these uses "data havens." Save the term
"data haven" for those places, in cyberspace or in real space, that
sell access to Nazi medical experiments, that sell illegal birth
control information, that buy weapons secrets, and so on. --Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-21 10:47:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Supreme Court on Anonymous Bills 
But mail and messages from "foreigners" is also "immune from state
restraint," and yet we haven't seen either a ban on mail from outside
the U.S. or a requirement that such mail be inspected, identified,
(I'm not sure if your line "our entire legal system centers around
state restraint" refers to state constraint of citizens, as you seem
to imply in your conclusion, or constraint _of_ the state, as the
Constitution seems to imply.)
Likewise, if I receive a letter, open it, and find a request to remail
it to another address, isn't this equivalent to our remailers? Does
this imply a compelling State need to open all mail?
Does the plotting of various crimes in private homes imply a
compelling State need to place microphones and video cameras in such
Clearly not, so I don't think the privacy of e-mail will soon be
breached just because there are some abuses in some people's minds.
But anonymous handbills are quite common, posted all over the place
here in my home town, and the Supreme Court ruled quite properly that
identities are not required for speech. Likewise, radio call it shows
are dominated by anonymous call-ins.
Ditto for "Name Witheld by Request" letters to the editor, etc.
Lots of speech is not anonymous, because Congresscritters are
identified, because Rush Limbaugh obviously _wants_ his name
publicized, because I want my name attached to my views, etc. But not
because there's any law saying political speech cannot be anonymous.
Quite the contrary.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-21 15:40:55
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Locksmith's Guild wants limit on free speech 
This is just an informal pointer, as I don't have the energy right now
to track down quotes, official positions, etc.
Check out comp.org.eff.talk for discussion of how "professional
locksmiths" are angry that "amateur locksmiths" (unlicensed, not real
members of the Brotherhood) are using the Net to disseminate and
discuss the Secret and Most Arcane Knowledge of the Guild.
And alt.locksmithing is carrying the stuff.
This is just one of several recent examples where a controversy is
developing. I have often likened the end of the medieval guilds to our current
situation. In 1300 A.D., the "Blacksmith's Guild" owned and controlled
the knowledge of blacksmithing, enforced by the Crown. Apprentices
were Initiates, and I have little doubt that attempts to "steal"
this knowledge were dealt with harshly, probably fatally.
This "intellectual property law" of its time was rendered moot when
books became economical. The first books published after Gutenberg
were religious in nature--Bibles and hymnals, etc. Then came "How To"
books, the destroyers of the Guilds.
Crypto and remailers are going to do the same thing to today's
versions of guilds, what we call "licensed professions."
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-22 12:23:47
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: "Internetpol" 
^^^^^^^^^^^^
Perhaps it will become "Internetpol"?
Seriously, there is considerable danger that the growing chorus of
alarmist nonsense about the Net being used for child porn, for snuff
films, for weapons secrets deals, etc., will result in the U.S.
Net.Cops linking up with their European and Asian associates.
The recent stuff on "international key escrow," a la the conference
last September, is worrisome.
(I don't think they can win, of course, but any accleration of their
efforts is cause for increased vigilance.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-22 21:06:56
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: LOCKSMITH'S GUILD WANTS L 
I said nothing of the  kind about having PGP making one a brain
surgeon. Think about it.
Here are just a few more examples:
* Law. While anyone can offer free opinions, the U.S. does not allow
non-guild folks to charge money for such advice. And yet there are
many people well-qualified to sell legal advice (former lawyers,
disbarred lawyers, foreigners and those who haven't take the requisite
bar exams, those who failed the bar exam for reason other than
competency, etc.) I also know some just plain bright folks who have
read enough law to sell their advice in certain areas.
(By the way, the "well-qualified" qualifier should not be taken to
assume I believe some people should be able to sell advice and some
should not.)
(The government also regulates advertising, fees, etc.)
* Financial Advice, Accounting, etc. The "Certified Public Account"
and "Licensed Financial Advisor" stuff. * Geological. Structural. Architectural. All are areas where the
charging of money for services is regulated in some ways. In most
cases, the guild is that of "Professional Geologist," etc.
* Psychological Counselling. "Licensed Marriage, Family, and Child
Counselor" (LMFCC) is one of the guilds....others are Licensed Social
Worker (LSW) and, of course, M.D.s and Ph.D.s in various clinical
(Again, I make no claims that having PGP makes one a good
shrink--perhaps just the opposite. I do claim that a market may
develop for online psychological counselling, and that I know some
folks who would make better therapists that some licensed folks I know
(a former girlfriend of mine was an LMFCC). The law allows the LMFCCs
and LSWs to sell their services, and bars me from selling my therapy.)
And so on.
Again, I'm not claiming anything about PGP making conventional doctors
obsolete. Just the increased freedom of a wide range of services to be
negotiated electronically, without benefit of official guild
(This is an actual concern the professional organizations have. They
worry about online medical diagnoses, about "unlicensed" consultants,
and about data bases over which they have no jurisdiction.)
I have many more of these points in my FAQ.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-22 21:56:21
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Legal Web Page Issue 
Someone on the Cyberia mailing list has announced that his URL on
legal matters ( can only be accessed by
sites which charge a "flat rate." I'm not at all clear what he means
by a flat rate here....is is flat rate per month, or per access, or
In any case, I sent him (and the Cyberia list) a note saying I had
already added it to my home page and that the nature of the Web is
that URLs ripple out, either by linking with other pages or by
publicizing the URLs (as he did, and as I have just done here).
So, give it a browse and add it if you find it interesting. When he
sees a bunch of accesses (assuming his system has logs he can look at)
from sites over which he cannot possibly hope to set policy for, he
may realize the futility of this.
(He can stop accesses, or charge admission, with various means--maybe
not yet fully developed, or with commercial Web servers such as
Netscape is developing--but he cannot release the URL and then enforce
his ideas of who can access it. God forbid we have people trying to
"copyright" their URLs and then collect royalites anytime the URL
shows up in someone's list of interesting places.)
This experiment in guerilla ontology brought to you by,
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-22 23:55:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Legal Web Page Issue 
Not a spoof, but not necessarily a normal home page. What I call my
home page is my "lynx" page, "lynx_bookmarks.html", to which I add
whatever URLs look interesting. (Netcom currently does not support WWW
pages for outside access.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-23 00:12:30
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Legal Web Page Issue 
He (Friedman, on the Cyberia list) mentioned that they found
some site that was charging an unacceptable (nonflat?) rate, and sent
them a letter asking for a fee to be paid.
This is what I'm really getting at, the notion of placing material on
a publically-accessible ftp or Web site and then claiming that
additional rules apply. To put it more clearly, it's a bit like me
posting my phone number and then attaching a claim that anyone may
call me provided they are not a member of, say, a corporation.
Or suppose I attach a "legal notice" in my sig someplace, saying that
while anyone may be able to send mail to me, law firms are required to
pay me $100 every time they send me a message. An unenforceable rule.
(In anarcho-capitalist terms, a la "Snow Crash," I could _try_ to
enforce this, by hiring my own collection agencies, but even Uncle
Enzio's Protection Racket, Inc. would likely scoff at such an attempt.)
A Web site that wishes to impose fees or set rules should do so with
_technological_ methods, not invoke the creaky old copyright system
and bring in the judicial system to enforce a basically unenforceable
policy. Note that Netscape's "Web server" product is basically this
technological approach, wherein Web sites that wish to set access
policies and perhaps charge for access are able to.
And enforcement is tough, in any case.
Since their page can of course be accessed from Russia or Burma or
Upper Ruritania, how can their "no non-flat fees" policy be applied to
all accesses except by charging admission at the gates, themselves?
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-23 00:33:42
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: A Legal Web Page Issue 
I've never looked into doing this. I've placed a copy of my
lynx_bookmarks.html in my ftp directory at Netcom, full pathname of
combination of incantations involving http:, www, netcom, ftp, etc. to
include, you can access it. (It's chmod 755, so your can read and
(If it works, share it with at least me.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-23 19:00:48
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: BlackNet as a Data Haven/Vault 
To coin a phrase, I fully concur. A taxonomy of services like this is
I was talking to some recently about dat havens/vaults/U-STOR-ITs, and
it was once again clear that our language is imprecise. Also, that who
the probably customers are, and how much they'll be willing to pay, is
The "U-STOR-IT" model, similar to train lockers, safe deposit boxes,
storage lockers, etc., is fairly well protected, legally and socially.
Even though illegal things are often stored in such places, they
haven't been banned. (And last time I was in Europe, train lockers
were ubiquitously used, even in these terrorist times.)
But make the storgage locker accessible to many people, and watch what
happens. (I can't recall a good case on this, but I'm sure such "dead
drops" would not go unscathed.)
For example, the U-STOR-IT model applied to data is already common:
remote backups, courier services that pick up DAT backups everyday,
But announce a site is for the anonymous storage and retrieval of
files, a la storing commerical software, and watch for fireworks! (The
recent outcome in the LaMacchia case notwithstanding....)
Of course placing such sites outside the U.S. is one approach. Placing
them at the end--or somewhere-- of a chain of remailers is another
approach. The message pool approach used for BlackNet says that the
site need not even be traceable: just encrypt once or twice (once to
keep the contents secret, another to encrypt to BlackNet's public key)
and put it into a message pool or other publically readable place.
Then BlackNet grabs it, untraceably, and decrypts it, extracts its
digital money storage fee, and holds the file. When a suitably-signed
"storage receipt" is posted publically, BlackNet encrypts the file to
the public key provided, and posts the file.
Simple, eh? (Newcomers are likely to ask at this point: "But what's to
keep BlackNet from cashing the digital money and then not sending the
file out?" First, the encrypted data is of no use to BN, so the
marginal value to them is nil. Second, potential customers will likely
test the service with dummy files, etc. Third, reputations do matter.)
But of course the taxonomy needs to be done by anybody seriously
planning such a thing, and careful analysis of weaknesses and attacks
should be done.
(By the way, I've been remiss in not congratulating relative newcomer to
the list, Wei Dai, for his insightful work on traffic analysis of
remailers. It's the kind of work Hal Finney and Matt Blaze, and
others, have long been doing, and I find it very encouraging. I'm not
trying to sound judgmental here, just saying some of us appreciate
this kind of detailed analysis. Much more is needed.)
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-23 22:23:44
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Doublespeak, Doublethink, Thought Police, and 1984 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Slowdog is exactly right! This whole debate we're seeing is a perfect
example of "doublethink," in which two opposing ideas are held in
one's head at the same time, eventually eroding all principles
(so that if four fingers are held up, but the State says "five," then
it really _is_ five fingers being held up).
I first read "1984" in around 1966, when I was in the 8th grade, and
it has stuck with me ever since. No other novel has added as many
basic linguistic and political ideas to the language as this novel--by
yet another member of the Eric Conspiracy Secret Laboratories!
Big Brother, Thought Police, thoughtcrime, doublespeak, doublethink,
Big Brother is Watching You!, War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery,
sexcrime, unperson, and probably several other terms I've left
out. All are part of our language.
Too bad people on both the left and the right are missing the lesson.
Any Cypherpunk who hasn't read this novel should run out tonight to
the All-Nite Barnes and Borders Megastore and buy a copy.
--Tim May, Citizen-Unit 227-80-5894

@_date: 1995-01-25 11:49:04
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Modem Tax!--Write to FCC Commmissioner Craig Shergold 
I am shocked at this proposed modem tax, along with the keyboard tax,
the printer tax, the mouse tax, and the cable tax.
FCC Commissioner Craig Shergold has asked that comment on this modem
tax be sent on post cards to him. He is hoping to receive more
postcards than any previous FCC Commissioner.
His address is:
FCC Commissioner Craig T. Shergold
Room 101
Ministry of Truth
42 Oceania Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 10666
In a related note, opponents of this modem tax are encouraged to flash
their headlights at oncoming traffic.
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-25 21:14:43
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Unix, Linux, NeXTStep, etc. 
(Thread name changes, as "Clinton freezes assets...." didn't seem too
relevant. Is it just me, or are people no longer even bothering to
change thread names to reflect contents?)
I was about to say the same thing! Not to push NeXTStep per se, as it
is apparently doomed for a variety of reasons,  but to say that
popular applications can be--and have been--ported to Unix. Many of
you presumably have first-hand knowledge of this, with apps like
Mathematica, FrameMaker, WordPerfect, etc. on Unix boxes as well as
PCs and Macs.
This is separate, I think, from the issue of teaching secretaries
LaTex...that sounds truly evil. (8-))
--Tim May

@_date: 1995-01-30 12:33:02
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: DON'T READ!--I'm leaving for Monte Carlo just in time 
Warning! This has nothing to do with cryptography, nothing to do with
Cypherpunks, nothing to do with this list. Therefore. I'm going to
write several message about, each one saying it'll be my last word on
the subject. And, my "DON'T READ!" will hopefully pull in the curious
and encourage them to add their two francs, whhich will give me more
opportunity to expound further.
Actually, I'm lying. I'm leaving for Monte Carlo in a few hours, to
give the paper I distributed earlier. (And I'm carrying half a dozen
DATs, each capable of holding several gigabytes of data, or hundreds
of megabytes in Stego-LSB mode. And an optical disk cartridge (holding
only a measly 128 MB). I'll let you know if French customs raises an
eyebrow upon my entry to Paris--I doubt it--or if the U.S. Federales
take note of me upon my (attempted?) return to the land of the free.)
Have a good time on your Unix flame wars...but hasn't it been done
I was fortunate to be in Miami last October for the apparently
interminable "logo" debate (rosy leaves on a field of cypherpunk
azure, with crossed keys triumphant), so I hope to miss this Unix vs.
DOS vs. AmigaOS vs. Warp debate. Warped, indeed.
Have fun!
--Tim May
