
@_date: 1995-08-21 11:23:53
@_author: Ted_Anderson@transarc.com 
@_subject: Partial Key Escrow 
The recent discussion of the SSL Challenge and the revival of the
Software Key Escrow issue brought the following idea to mind.  For the
purposes of this suggestion let's just assume that the goal is to
provide some kind of Government Access to Keys (GAK) for a widely
deployed crypto system such as clipper phones. How about if instead of escrowing the whole key with the
goverment/escrow agent you only save some of the bits of the key?  I am
thinking that the goverment would insist that at a minimum all key bits
in excess of some N be escrowed.  Where N is aournd 48.  So if I was
using IDEA with 128-bit keys, I'd need to escrow at least 80 bits and
reveal all 128 bits only to the receiver.  The export version of RC4 is
similar except that 40 bits are hidden and 88 bits are "escrowed" as
plaintext. I see the advantage of this is that it might just be palatable to the
government.  In particular, 48 bits wouldn't be any significant burden
on the NSA or FBI for legally authorized wiretaps (I recall that
something like 1000 were performed in some recent year).  It would be a
simple matter for the FBI to budget enough hardware to do brute force
attacks on a few thousand keys a year with a time-to-crack of a few
hours (I doubt most wiretaps are obtained with more time urgency than
this). The big advantage to the user is that this provides are well defined
limit on the effort required to violate their privacy.  The biggest
problem with the clipper-type GAK system is that everyone assumes that
in the worst case keys could be obtained illegally with essentially zero
cost.  There are numerous scenarios where the administrative controls
that protect keys break down and the public is left with no privacy at
all.  In this case, however, there is a significant, well-known, and
quantitative (but, unfortunately, time-variable) cost in obtaining a key
even if the adminstrative controls are completely compromised. While this doesn't make the privacy of any particular target much safer
it seems it would significantly improve the safety of the public privacy
in aggregate. Ted Anderson

@_date: 1995-08-29 10:20:46
@_author: Ted_Anderson@transarc.com 
@_subject: Cryptanalysis of S-1 
I find this very interesting.  You have made two related points here
which highlight some important principles of cipher design: (1) more
rounds do not always help and (2) the key schedule can be a limiting
factor in a cipher's strength.  In some sense these are "obvious", but
it helps a lot to have a specific example of these points to think
about. After the early looks at S-1 and after reading Blaze & Schneier's paper
on MacGuffin (ftp://research.att.com/dist/mab/mcg.ps) I was thinking
that any half-assed Feistel network could be made secure by adding more
rounds.  So I was thinking about quantifying the systemic cost of adding
more rounds and thereby reducing performance.  It seems that there has
been insufficient analysis of the performance vs. security trade-off. In some sense this is understandable given the lack of quantification of
security, but when it comes to engineering a system for real world use,
you have to make a choice and it would be nice to have something to go
on.  Consider for example the use of Blowfish instead of IDEA in
PGPfone; according to Paul Rubin [in "Re: IDEA with PGPFone?",
28-Aug-1995, sci.crypt] this was at least partly due to the performance
difference. But here we have a clear limit.  In S-1 the key schedule effectively
limits the number of rounds that contribute to security at about five. Further we have a concrete design principle: the per-round sub-keys
should not repeat.  Probably a stronger statement could be made. Excerpts from netnews.sci.crypt: 16-Aug-95 Re: S1 cipher P.
Hallam-Baker at w3.org (3569*) Maybe this type of cryptanalysis is old hat but it seemed new to me.  It
made me think of another hypothesis for the S-1 release:   - It is a training exercise. Consider that the primary reason given for keeping Skipjack secret is
that the algorithm would reveal valuable hints about cryptanalysis and
cipher design.  It also seems obvious that the NSA would have a College
of Cyptanalysis to educate new generations of crypto experts.  I could
easily imagine it including a series of exercises, of progressively
increasing difficulty, where attacking each cipher illustrates one or
more cryptographic principles.  Possibly an crypto-anarchist NSA mole
decided it would be safer to leak page from NSA's workbook than Skipjack
itself; an infraction less likely to be persued if nothing else. If this seems unlikely, consider that the NSA has been getting beaucoup
bucks for many years now.  With the fall of the "Evil Empire" and all,
perhaps things are getting a bit soft at the core.  Maybe some NSA
strategist figured that a little cross-fertilization between the
academic and national-security crypto communities would enliven both
groups. So the question is: Will another exercise appear?  Or perhaps there is
more to learn from this one. Ted Anderson

@_date: 1995-07-27 13:25:55
@_author: Ted_Anderson@transarc.com 
@_subject: Sat phone permit "wire"taps 
I found these paragraphs in a recent Space News interesting.  They were
at the end of an article titled "Military Officials Open To Using
Civilian Links" in the July 3rd issue.   "Officials said government police authorities have expressed concern
that satellite telephone systems may enable people to conduct
conversations that are out of the earshot of government investigators. This would be particularly true in an area where, for example, there
were no gateway through which government investigators could tap into
calls.   "Iridium, Globalstar, Inmarsat-P and Odyssey all plan to include
features to permit authorized eavesdropping, officials said.   "``Iridium will include a leased land line to areas where there are
now local gateways to permit monitoring,'' Johnson said.  ``We are
willing to put the technical capability to do this in the hands of the
governments.  They then will have to pay to have all those people listen
to all those telephone calls.''" Ted Anderson

@_date: 1995-11-28 22:31:54
@_author: Ted_Anderson@transarc.com 
@_subject: towards a theory of reputation 
I am far behind in my C'punks reading and am likely to get farther
behind before I catch up, so perhaps this is well-known or dated. However, the recent revival of reputation discussion reminded me of a
very interesting claim made by Miller & Drexler in "Comparative Ecology:
A Computational Perspective"
(  I'll quote from
section 4: subject matter. Library/ MaGraw-Hill, New York, 1968). This collection of Miller&Drexler papers is very much worth reading if
you haven't run across it yet. Ted
