
@_date: 2001-11-01 22:59:25
@_author: Terra Lycos Network 
@_subject: Changes across Terra Lycos 
Dear rivermaste,
We're excited to announce some new changes across Terra Lycos.
For the past few months we've asked for your feedback,
listened to your input and have made some enhancements to
the products and services that you use today.  The users who
have previewed the sites have overwhelmingly preferred the
new designs, and we hope you do too.  Rest assured, you will
still have all the same great features and services that
you've come to know, but we've added a new look and updated
the sites -- making it easier and faster to move around the
Here's a brief outline of what to expect:
*New Network Login* -- to make it easier for you to sign in
and out of all the Lycos products and services you use, we
have moved the "Log In/Log Out" button to the top of each
page.  You'll see this Login button across all sites that
require member registration.
*More Content* -- you will see a new page layout across our
sites, the goal was to add more information, and present it
in an engaging, compelling format loaded with photographs.
*New Navigation* -- on many of the sites, we have created a
left-hand navigational scheme to make it easier for you to
surf across Terra Lycos.
*What's on the Network* -- we've added three new photo-rich
sites that group featured content chosen specifically for
like-minded users and to serve as a great place to start a
daily Web adventure.  Check out:
 -- a hip site that combines
entertainment content covering music, film, tv, celebrities
and more with easy homepage building -- it's the best place
on the Web for users to express themselves.
 -- an online magazine for parents
and kids with recipes, health and pregnancy information,
useful tips and a wealth of fun activities.
 -- your holiday survival site is here to help you plan for a well-organized and hassle-free
holiday season.
If you haven't sampled our wide range of other sites and
services, check out:
Lycos          (
Matchmaker     (
Gamesville     (
Quote          (
Raging Bull    (
Wired News     (
Tripod         (
HtmlGear       (
These enhancements are part of our commitment to bring you
the best content and services available on the Web. Welcome
to the new Terra Lycos.  We hope you enjoy your stay!
-The Terra Lycos Team
We do not monitor responses sent to this email address. If
you need to contact Terra Lycos for customer or
technical support, please visit As a Terra Lycos member, you have received this e-mail
to inform you of new services. Our policy has always been to
send e-mail messages only to announce such information, and
we'll continue to honor this policy. Thank you for being a
Terra Lycos member.
To change your email preferences and other user account
information, click here:
