
@_date: 1994-08-25 16:54:17
@_author: Thaddeus Beier 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
They'd be safe unless the pot got really big.
I recall hearing a radio show in which some nuclear engineer was
saying that such-and-such and incident couldn't have really gone
critical, because when that happens, it starts to glow sort of bluish
color, and you feel heat as if you were standing in front of a really
big oven.  The way it sounded, I got the impression that unintended
criticalities did happen now and then.
Thad Beier  Pacific Data Images  408)745-6755  thad at pdi.com

@_date: 1994-07-22 00:28:31
@_author: Thaddeus Beier 
@_subject: Gore's new and improved key escrow proposal 
I feel the same way.  I posted an article from the Mercury News to here about
three weeks ago, reporting on a conference between the White House and
several private cryptography companies, where they were trying to work
out some kind of private sector EES.  So, this has been in the works for
some time.  I can dig up the article for anybody that would like to see it.
I'd buy stock in TIS, if it were a public company, I'd guess that they will
have the inside track on this.
Thad Beier  Pacific Data Images  408)745-6755  thad at pdi.com

@_date: 1994-06-03 15:43:15
@_author: Thaddeus Beier 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
DEADBEAT sez
The importance is that the current justification for Clipper is
1. The benevolent government wanted us to have very good encryption
    so they gave us SKIPJACK, but 2. They didn't want to hurt themselves by giving away something that
    they couldn't crack.
The Clipper apologists have retreated from the "we are going to use this
to catch criminals" posture to "let's give the citizens good encryption that
doesn't hurt us".  PGP et al was a devastating answer to the first position,
so that is why they abandoned it.  Blaze's result destroys the current
justification, they are giving us good encryption that they can't break.
There is then no reason to push Clipper, unless it is fixed, of course.
Thad Beier  Pacific Data Images  408)745-6755  thad at pdi.com

@_date: 1994-06-08 09:10:28
@_author: Thaddeus Beier 
@_subject: Clipper alternatives debated 
This was in the Mercury News business section yesterday, June 7 1994.
It looks to me like a bunch of beltway sharks circling a big pile
of money that will soon be available again...
Reprinted without permission.
Clipper substitutes suggested
* Computer and telephone industries offer alternatives to
controversial encoding system.
By Robert S. Boyd
WASHINGTON - The Clinton administration and the computer and
telephone industries are discussing ways to resolve their
conflicts over the government's plan to enable it to eavesdrop on
coded communication.
Industry representatives hope the discussions will produce a
substitute for the controversial Clipper chip, an electronic
encoding and decoding system that the government is pushing over
opposition from the computing community and privacy advocates.
Several alternatives were suggested Monday at a conference on
cryptography and privacy attended by government and industry
At the conference, Lynn McNulty, associate director for computer
security at the National Institute of Standards and Technology,
said the administration is "willing to discuss alternatives to
McNulty said the Commerce Department is asking industry to join
in cooperative research projects to develop cryptographic
methods, both hardware and software, that would satisfy law
enforcement agencies and also be acceptable to private business.
One industry proposal woud provide computer software to law
enforcement officials that would allow them to decode encrypted
messages by suspected criminals or terrorists.
The software would replace the Clipper Chip, a hardware device
costing about $1,000 that can be placed in telephones to scramble
conversations electronically.
"Software is much cheaper than hardware," said Steve Lipner of
Trusted Information Systems, the Glenwood Md. firm that set up
the White House computer security system.
Low-cost cryptographic software could be embedded in widely used
computer applications, such as word processors or data bases,
Lipner said. "This would be a market-acceptable way to build
cryptography into high-volume products."
Another proposal discussed at Monday's conference would let
private companies, instead of the government, keep the electronic
"keys" required to decode encrypted data and conversations.
Police or the FBI could get the key by court order, such as is now
required for wiretaps, according to Jon Roberts, president of
TECSEC Inc., a security consulting form in Vienna, Va.
"The government could subpoena the key from the bank that holds
Mafia records or from the fraudulent government contractor,"
Roberts said.
Under the Clipper chip system favored by the Clinton
administration, the key would be held "in escrow" by the
government, but, to minimize the risk of abuse, it would be split
in half. One have would be held by the Treasury Department, the
other half by the Commerce Department. A court order would be
needed to get both halves to decode a message.
Privacy experts protest that splitting the key between two
departments of the executive branch offers little protection
against a rogue administration.
A third proposal discussed Monday, therefore, was to give one
half of the electronic key to the legislative or judicial branch
of government.
The Department of Justice has already ordered 9,000 Clipper chips
for distribution to federal, state, and local law enforcement
agencies. McNulty said no decision has yet been made to use the
chip in other departments.
A gloomy note was struck by Susan Landau, a staff member of a
special government-industry committee on cryptography that was
created to give Congress recommendations on how to balance the
government's needs with those of business.
After months of study, the committee, organized by the ACM, a
major industry trade group, was unable to agree on what should be
done. The committee will publish a report in July that simply
identifies unresolved issues for continued debate. They include
the cost of cryptographic security, the needs of law enforcement,
national security, international trade, privacy and civil
liberties, Landau said.
Thad Beier  Pacific Data Images  408)745-6755  thad at pdi.com

@_date: 1994-09-13 17:21:22
@_author: Thaddeus Beier 
@_subject: Crypto tie-in to crash at White House 
The Treasury department official in charge of enforcement, Ron Noble,
said, in regard to security for the White House
"Just as if you had a security measure or alarm system in your house,
you wouldn't give me the code for it, I'm not going to give you at
this point any specific answers..."
Thad Beier  Pacific Data Images  408)745-6755  thad at pdi.com

@_date: 1994-09-15 09:34:46
@_author: Thaddeus Beier 
@_subject: RC4 compatibility testing 
A "submarine" patent is one that was filed long ago, but kept from being
issued by various ploys.  Because the patent exists for 17 years from date
of being granted, there is an incentive to delay the granting of the patent.
Of course, patenting the invention makes it public too, which you might
want to avoid, especially if you'd like to have a world-wide market on
a cryptographic product.  Like RC4, for example.  Once it is patented in
this country, anybody from the rest of the world could copy it.
Once you find somebody you'd like to go after, you can speed up the process.
The patent process runs pretty slow on its own, but you can slow it down
further still by delaying correspondence with the patent office, by not
paying fees quickly.  I think that there is one final fee that must be paid
after the patent is approved, but before it is granted, that you can just
hold off on for a long time.
Thad Beier  Pacific Data Images  408)745-6755  thad at pdi.com
