
@_date: 2003-04-16 18:16:07
@_author: thing 
@_subject: Plan Would Use Software, Not Devices, to Fight Piracy 
As always I dont think the answer we see to the problem we saw is the true vision. From the postings I see here I think most of us see through the decit anyway.
At the end of the day there are to many greedy, fat fingers wanting to get into the consumer pie, to make guarranteed money and a guarranteed stream of it.
I would like to wash my hands of it, however it effects me directly whether I want it to or not. What does knowing where the original copy came from matter? It just disappeared into "china" and out comes a million + copies. All I can see is that there will clearly be 2 streams of movies/music, a highly restricted and expensive official solution, and an extreamly open, cheap, pirated version. All that will happen is people will be forced into one camp or another, and Im willing to bet once ppl move into the pirated camp they wont be able to get back, and wont want too. The RIAA's business model is shot, its just a question of how long it takes to die. In 3rd world countries I suspect its already dead, they cant afford to buy official stuff.

@_date: 2003-04-17 06:39:22
@_author: thing 
@_subject: Plan Would Use Software, Not Devices, to Fight Piracy 
Totally agree, its just a question of time. I have a friend who is a musician/composer her intent is to publish on the Net, me I'll do the technical stuff for her. In the past the music houses distributed the music, now they are not needed, the marketing they do is less and less and worse and worse. I think the musicians  pay for such stuff anyway, so why precisely do we need the likes of Sony? They are just churning out the same stuff, while new musicians struggle and are ignored. Cutting out the middle men who offer smoke and mirrors means we as consumers pay less and the creators get a fairer return, I cant wait for it.  While all this DRM , Palladium is fine for the US, I dont see it being saleable anywhere else, and I suspect the "youngsters" will avoid such crippled kit like its the plague in the US. Some of the suits seem to forget we have choice or think they have removed that choice, I very much want to prove them wrong.
