
@_date: 2001-09-28 13:29:48
@_author: Tim Lordan 
@_subject: E-Surveillance Analyses Needed for Internet Caucus Compendium 
Internet Caucus Advisory Committee Members (and others):
********* PLEASE CIRCULATE WIDELY UNTIL  Tuesday, October 2, 2001
The Co-Chairs of the Congressional Internet Caucus have called upon the
resources of the Advisory Committee and its members to provide any and all
analyses "of current and future proposals to protect national security and
their impact on the communications infrastructure." (See Co-Chair Letter
September 24 at  ).
Therefore, the ICAC staff  is asking for any and all analyses and
educational materials on the various anti-terrorism proposals under
consideration on Capitol Hill that affect the Internet or communications
privacy in general.  These proposals include: 1) the DOJ anti-terrorism
bill, 2) Rep. Lamar Smith's bill, 3) the Sept. 13 amendment to the CJS
appropriations, and 4) any other bills of being tracked by ICAC members that
were offered in response to the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11.
We are specifically seeking submissions in the following (overlapping)
- Title III, including the changes in Title I, subtitle A of the
Administration's bill
- FISA, including the changes in Title I, subtitle B of the Administration's
- ECPA, e.g., the nationwide search warrants in sec. 108 of the
Administration's bill
- Pen Register and Trap & Trace, e.g., section 101 of the Administration
- Encryption
We will compile all the materials we receive and place them into a
Legislative Briefing Compendium and distribute them in printed, online, and
CD-ROM format to Congressional staff.
For this limited instance, you may request that materials be reproduced
without attribution; if you are a law firm, you may submit a memo without
revealing whom it was written for.
If your organization would like to have your analyses included in this
Compendium, please follow the guidelines below.
The Compendium on these electronic surveillance issues is for the sole
purpose of educating Members and staff.
SUBMISSION GUIDELINES
The ICAC will accept submissions -- according to the Guidelines below --
until COB Tuesday, October 2, 2001, with the goal of producing the
Compendium and circulating it to Congressional offices on Thursday, October
4.  As the deadline draws near, submissions not complying with these
Guidelines risk rejection for lack of time to make necessary revisions.
Each submission should be tailored to a specific section of the Compendium
based on the outline below.
- Title III, including the changes in Title I, subtitle A of the
Administration's bill
- FISA, including the changes in Title I, subtitle B of the Administration's
- ECPA, e.g., the nationwide search warrants in sec. 108 of the
Administration's bill
- Pen Register and Trap & Trace, e.g., section 101 of the Administration
- Encryption
You MUST indicate the appropriate category when submitting.  If you have one
document covering more than one category, you have three options: 1) keep it
whole and submit it in the "introduction category" if appropriate;  2)
break it into pieces yourself; or 3) make a request that it remain whole
within a category with pointers from others. Because of the heavy demand and
tight schedule, we cannot promise that requests will be met and we may have
to edit documents if they contain information irrelevant to the outline.
2)  Please send materials in an electronic format (e.g. MS Word
[preferred]; WordPerfect, plain text, PDF).  Faxes, hard copies and URLs
will NOT be accepted.
3)  Materials should include header information in both the email and on the
Please indicate:
*  the organization that is submitting (unless submitting without
*  comments and requests with the contact person of that organization with
their phone number/email.
4) By submitting materials to the Compendium, you are giving us your
assurance that you are giving us all required copyright permissions to
reprint the materials.
5)  Email all submissions to briefing at netcaucus.org
An archive of this email will remain at
 until further notice.
Contact Tim Lordan at 202-638-4370 with any questions.
Tim Lordan
Internet Caucus Advisory Committee
tim at netcaucus.org
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
