
@_date: 2001-11-27 18:56:22
@_author: Timothy Eze 
@_subject: No subject 
PRIVATE MEMO
FROM: ENGR. TIMOTHY EZE
TEL: 234-1-7758054
FAX: 234-1-7594679
E-mail: timoeze_72 at yahoo.com
LAGOS-NIGERIA.								
Dear Friend, My name is Engr. Timothy Eze, a Director General in the Federal Ministry of Mines and Power (FMM&P). I am the Secretary to the Management Tender's Committee (MTC) of the ministry.  I am a subscriber to the World Industrial Reporter from where I collected your name and address in the International buyer's guide section
In a turn Around Maintenance (TAM) exercise in one of our parastatal a couple of years ago by Foreign contractors, we (the MTC members) were able to over -invoice the contract fees to the tune of US$35.00M (Thirty Five million United States dollars). The main contractors have been paid off completely. We now want this floating sum of US$35M, which is now in the ministry's account to be paid into a foreign account. Unfortunately, none of us in the committee own a foreign account since as public servants we are not allowed to run foreign accounts.
My colleagues (Chairman and other members) have mandated me to source for an account owner in an overseas bank where this money can be lodged. The choice person must be honest and versatile in business, as we shall be presenting him as though he executed a certain contract here in this ministry several years ago. We shall then use our various post and positions in the Government to influence the processing of this claim. MODE OF SHARING: We have agreed that when this fund is transferred into your account, the chairman and the other members of this committee shall come over there to disburse the funds as follows: 30% to the account owner (that is you), 65% to the MTC members and 5% to settle any expense incurred by both parties during the process of the transaction. This transaction is strictly confidential and risk free. The officials of (FMMP) involved are highly placed Nigerians. Kindly notify me urgently of your acceptance to this proposal so that we can set the ball rolling. It is expected that this transaction will last for 14 days from the time we get your acceptance letter through our fax: 234-1-7594679 or telephone call on: 234-1-7758054 or via e-mail. That is an opportunity of a lifetime, which we cannot afford to lose. Upon your response we shall write you a more elaborate mail/fax message educating you on your role in this deal and the way we intend going about the actualization of this objective. We shall also be explaining more about the source of this fund.
So sir, please do get back to us immediately even if you are not interested to enable us know if we should continue with our negotiations or not. I am waiting for your urgent phone/fax/mail messages with respect to this transaction.
Timothy Eze.
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free  address at
