
@_date: 2000-09-17 22:17:12
@_author: Legit Work 
@_subject: CDR: RE:Your classified ad!---IMPORTANT!! 
I saw your ad in the business classifieds and i had to tell you that you could be getting paid for doing just that--placing ads!!
Read on to find out how to get paid for something you are doing allready.
THE AD PLACEMENT PROGRAM
Work at Home Simply Placing our Classified Advertisements! No Catches! That's right! Simply place our Advertising & get Paid! Did you know that classified advertising is part of a:
Six Billion Dollar Market
We are sure that you will agree this is a big enough market to get YOUR piece out of it! Read on to tap into the Easiest & Most Profitable Business on the 'Net!
You are about to discover how to acquire the most simple, easy and powerful money-
making opportunity. It is called The Ad Placement Program and it's a dynamic income generating system that allows you to make profits providing a valuable service on or off of the Internet.
Who are we? We are CJ Holdings, a direct response Marketing Company. We are hired by various companies both on and off of the Internet to design & implement Ad Campaigns for them. A very large part of any Ad Campaign is Classified Advertising. Open ANY Newspaper, Magazine, or Internet classified site and you will see the multitude of Ads placed.
What if we could show YOU how to earn a good income from home by simply placing Ads for our clients? One week you may place Ads for FREE Software, Widgets or a Work-at-
home opportunity, the next week it could be long distance services, satellite dishes or even a discounted vacation offer! You choose the Ads that you want to place and get paid PER REPLY to these ads! No one even has to buy ANYTHING from the Ad - just respond!
Ad Placement provides a great service to our clients. By them not having to place Ads themselves, this allows them to concentrate on the sales end of their business. ALL responses to any advertising go directly to CJ Holdings. You NEVER have to handle ANY mail,correspondence, or otherwise. CJ Holdings maintains the "contracts" with these firms and then forwards the Ads to place for that given week. You simply place them. That's It!  THIS IS NOT ENVELOPE STUFFING!
You may have seen ads or websites offering to pay you for envelope stuffing. The ads generally are worded something like this:
Work At Home paid $5 Per Envelope Stuffed! Homeworkers needed NOW due to expansion Supplies provided, envelopes are prestamped, etc. etc.
- A typical 'Envelope Stuffing' advertisement
What their Ad does not tell you is that you will be required to run the identical ad, request that they mail YOU $5 for information and the YOU have to mail them the sales letter recruiting them to do the same thing. There! You have just stuffed an envelope!
This is NOT what Ad Placement is. Once signed up as an Ad Placer with us you simply place the classified advertisements on or off of the Internet! Your Choice! We provide you with the wording for the Ads that you conveniently 'copy' and 'paste' to the more than 100 FREE Ad Sites that we provide to you for NO CHARGE over the Internet.
REMEMBER: You do NO SELLING OF THESE COMPANIES PRODUCTS. You never have to contact a customer, you receive NO Email from these companies or the leads that we provide them. In return, they receive, from us, qualified leads for their sales department.
For this service that you and the many other professional Ad Placers provide, placing Ads, you are paid $1.00 US from EACH response to your Ads. Doesn't sound too exciting, does it? Some Ad Placers recieve an average of 150 replies to their Ads a week just on FREE sites alone! Some more and some less. In addition to this let's say that you also ran a print Ad campaign that same week and this averages you an additional 450 responses, that would yield you an income of $600.00 US a week! But wait, it does get better!
If you can spend 2-4 hours a day running Ads you will see that this is the easiest money that you have ever made! You are provided with COMPLETE Training & Support! Why are we sharing this with you?
Due to the growth and of Internet businesses alone always looking for new ways to generate leads, CJ Holdings is forced to expand.
This, my fellow entrepreneur, is where YOU come in!
As we do need more Professional Ad Placers as our business grows, we will also pay YOU an additional .50 cents for any replies from your group's Ads as well! This means that you are paid $1 per response from your own Ads PLUS .50 cents for any replies to Ads placed from those that you recruit to work from home for us!
With the example of 150 replies from FREE Ads in a week & 450 replies from print Ads you have already earned $600.00, what if you also had 10 Ad Placers working under you doing the same? That will skyrocket your income to $3,600.00! That is in only 1 week! Let's say that you only have 5 Ad Placers that you have recruited. You still have a weekly income of: $1,200.00! That is $4,800.00 a month! Do not be fooled, this is NOT a get-rich-quick scheme. You will have to work, you will have to place Ads for our clients and if you choose to have your own Ad Placement Group then you will have to manage and support your group as well. Is it worth I think you will agree that it IS worth it!
If you would like more info on this great money making opportunity,
Simply reply to this message with "Ad placing" in the subject
Thank you Tony Kloschinsky
*note*you are not on any list,i saw your ad in the free classifieds and wanted to let you in on something big-thats all,Thank You
