
@_date: 1997-08-04 16:02:06
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Tim 1 - Joichi 0 - DreamMonger NULL / Re: Joichi gives up / Tim Throws a "Leaner" / Re: Tim Speaks the 
Sure, quit before we even have a chance to use the cheap shots we've
thought up since our last posts. Spoilsport.
  Me neither. I'm going to use email.
  It would probably be considered Politically Incorrect for me to
that eye-shape might be a good indication, so I won't.
  Another indication might be whether your torturers are shouting,
You all an Ameliclan SPY!" or, "We kicked your ass in 'The Big One',
  If you haven't figured it out by the time you've been put completely
through the meatgrinder, you can still figure it out by noting whether
your remains are being mixed with rice and put in cabbage leaves, or
being coated with barbeque sauce and thrown on a grill.
  "Everybody needs somebody that they can look down on.
   That they can feel better than, at any time they please.
   Someone doing something dirty, decent folks can frown on.
   And if you can't find nobody else, then help yourself to me."
      - Kris Krisofferson
  It has been my experience that it is more fulfilling to be tortured by
CypherPunks than by Conservatives.   (And the physical meetings are more fun, too.)

@_date: 1997-08-08 21:15:54
@_author: TruthMailer 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
[From the "I Have Too Much 'Time, Inc.' On My Hands, So This Must Be  _Official_ News" Web site.]
  I couldn't help but notice that the supposed pillars of the religious
community, as well as their oh-so-decent-and-righteous followers, tell
such widespread, whoppingly big lies about the motivations behind their
public actions, as well as about their future intentions, that the true
source of corruption in the religious community must undoubtedly come
from "higher up" in the chain of commandments.
  For example, those who are concerned about their children accessing
obscene and satanic material on the InterNet might be expected to
supervise their children, as well as acquiring the InterNet tools that
are available for limiting their children's access to things which the
parents find objectionable. You would also expect them to seek out
information on sites that met standards that they found acceptable for
their children to access.
  In short, if their interests truly lay in censoring the information
their children access, you think they would do exactly that--control
and censor their children's activities on, and access to, the InterNet.
  I couldn't help but notice that, instead, they want to control the
activities and access of everyone who uses the InterNet. I find it hard
to believe that these people can claim to have the intellect to form
valid beliefs about religious and moral issues, yet not be intelligent
enough to understand the options available to them.
  This leads me to suspect that they are, in reality, two-faced liars,
particularly since impartial observers can predict the oppressive and
censorous results which are usually the exact opposite of what they
claim to be their intentions.
Patient: "Doctor, it hurts when I do _this_."
Doctor: "Then don't _do_ that."
   If those calling for control and censorship are truly worried about
their children, you would expect then to teach their children not to
"do that," and to not make available to them things which will allow them to "do that" if they have raised their children to be disobedient
and/or irresponsible.
  Instead, they seem to be taking the moral "high ground," as if under
the impression that they are moral "doctors" charged with diagnosing
others as having diseased morals, even if the others don't hurt when
they "do that."
Problem: Little Johnny wants to visit Paul Bradley's "Jesus Loves the
  Little Children From Behind" web site.
Solution: Don't let him do that.
Problem: Little Johnny might visit the Duncan Frissel "Pictures of   Jesus" site and find pictures of Jesus buggering the little children.
Solution: Don't let Little Johnny access sites that you don't know to
  be acceptable according to your standards.
  Now, was the foregoing too hard for those reading this to understand?
  If not, then what could be the reason for those promoting contol and
censoring of other people for suggesting the following option...
Problem: Little Johnny might access something on the InterNet which does
  not meet standards that his parent's find acceptable.
Solution: Require everyone on the InterNet to only engage in activities
  which meet the standards of Little Johnny's parents, starting by   putting the onus on everyone on the InterNet to "voluntarily" rate
  their website according to the standards of Little Johnny's parents.
Question:"When was the last time a doctor you didn't know made a 'house
  call' to check on your health, forced his way in when you objected,
  and gave you a prostrate exam against your wishes?"
Answer:"When the government declared that prostrate cancer was a threat
  to 'national security' and that early detection would 'protect the
  children' from child molesters and drug dealers."
  Since spirituality is not inherently related to fascism, it seemed to
me that the moral fascism being promoted by members of the Christian
community must be the result, not of spiritual values, but rather,
the result of the leader of the Christian religion being a moral
  It was also obvious that, given the vast amount of lies being told
by Christians about their beliefs, motivations, and intentions, that
Christianity must be founded on lies and disinformation.
  Since I do not like to speak ill of someone without taking pains to
understand them from the standpoint of their own knowledge and beliefs,
I decided that I should have a talk with Jesus Christ, the founder and
espoused leader of the Christian religion, and give him a chance to respond to my view of himself and those who follow his example.
  Mr. Christ was kind enough to let me take notes during our long
conversation, so I am providing a transcript of the highlites of
the issues we discussed:
All references to Tim C. May's Vernacular Translation of the Bible
are used without permission.
What's he going to do, sue me? Then he'd have to admits he gets
vicarious pleasure out of reading the posts in his killfile.
{There's more than _one_ way to push a  key.}

@_date: 1997-08-09 08:13:15
@_author: TruthMailer 
@_subject: Christian CypherPunks / Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
David D.W. Downey preached hate and intolerance by saying:
  I have not yet _begun_ to display my true ignorance.
  Silly me. I thought it guaranteed freedom _from_ religion. That's the last time I ask "? the Platypus" to read something and give me
a summary of it..
  Thanks for at least being honest enough to admit it. I don't attack
Christians for speaking their mind, I attack them for lying through
their fucking teeth about their motives and intentions.
  I have no problem with Christians wanting to take firm control of
their environment, but I object to them wanting to take control of
_my_ environment. You might think there is a need for more Christian
CypherPunks, while I think that there is a need for more CypherPunk
Christians. (And Mike Duvos thinks there is a need for more lions.)
  If you take the time to read "The _Really_ Big Lie," which has all
of the original post, instead of the one that the God/Dog of mirrored
remailers was so rude as to edit with a lightning bolt, it might be
slightly more clear that my rabid vendetta is not against a particular
point of view, but against hypocrisy and oppression.
  Yes, it is. And it still sucks, as do the available Search Engines.
When was the last time you bought a Bible that had an index which showed 5,000 references to "he lifted her skirt, and knew her," for
every reference it has to "I AM."
  What we have in common is that you don't want to have Little Johnny
do a search for "Jesus" and get 5,000 sites with pictures of Jesus
shoving a crowbar up his ass, and I don't want to try to find a site
to buy a crowbar to work on my house and get 5,000 sites with pictures
of Jesus shoving a crowbar up his ass.
  My point is that I don't object to you supporting InterNet tools
which allow you to screen out pictures of Jesus with a crowbar up
his ass, but I object to a "quick and easy" solution which blocks
out all sites with a reference to "crowbars," because one guy in
Toledo "used to have" a site with a single picture of Jesus with
a crowbar up his ass.
  I would genuinely like to see more CypherPunk Christians. I would
like to see them write code which you can use to "block" access to
certain sites, and which I can use to "gain" access to certain sites.
  Burn all the Bibles. (Thought you had me on that one, didn't you?)
  Tim May has already suggested that we, "Nuke D.C.", so any valid
solution to society's problems would merely be a plagarism of Tim's
stance. I just try to fill in the whitespace between Tim's posts.
  I don't subscribe them to the CypherPunks list, I just turn on
the gas...
  If you would listen to the *intelligent* proposals of rational, sober
people who are capable of sustaining a logical train of thought (such as
Declan McCullagh, Tim May, Blanc, and snow--to name but a few), and reply to them, then I would not have to suffer the indignity of
taking my medicine in order to let my Tourette Syndrome and Obsessive
Compulsive Disorder get so far out of hand that people such as yourself
will feel threatened enough to shake themself out of their robotic
slumber and contribute their knowledge, viewpoints and wisdom to the
CypherPunks list.
  Listen up, shit for brains, I am about to follow this insult with a
  I enjoyed your post! It is refreshing to hear someone defend their
faith using their own logic, intellect and thought, without merely
resorting to meaningless platitudes such as "God is Love" or "Patience
comes to those who wait."
  I don't have a "problem" with Christians, and I don't have a "problem"
with anarchists. I have a problem with people who begin a sentence with
the words, "EVERYBODY KNOWS..." Well, Lou Reed doesn't "know," although
he wrote a great song making fun of those who _claim_ to "know."
{If anybody on the list has his album, please post the relevant quotes.}
  The word is "sails," not "sales," you illiterate piece of crap who
accused me of going out of my way to "slam, belittle, and degrade
others" on the list.
  Why don't you get "? the Platypus" to teach you how to spel?
  Unless you have a valid signature of mine on a contract, I do not
believe that I am under any obligation to kiss your self-righteous,
Christian fucking ass.
  As a matter of fact, since I am every bit as immature as your saintly
children, I believe that the onus is on you to "protect" me from the
"immature-adult" molesters and the licensed doctors who prescibe the
same drugs for me that I used to get illegally from "drug dealers."
  Don't talk while I'm interupting. It's rude.
  I have to concede your point, here. I obviously need to be spanked.
How's your schedule look for next Friday?
"Mad dog in possession of the last false smile."

@_date: 1997-08-11 15:09:37
@_author: TruthMailer 
@_subject: New Thread? / Re: Apology from me to the list and TruthMonger 
OK. Now that we've got that settled, what shall we talk about
next, Abortion or Ebonics?
  On its face, this is not an unreasonable concept.
  As I see it, the reason for the 'Fuck Compromise' stance being
so heartily proclaimed on the list is not because CypherPunks see
compromise as inherently evil, but because of the recognition that
compromise that is beneficial to both parties requires honesty
and integrity on the part of both parties.
  Compromise at the point of a gun is weakness, not wisdom, and
every step one loses is twice as hard to regain in the future.
The classic example is Hitler, who "only wanted Austria." Then he
"only wanted Poland."
  The government claimed they only wanted to ban the *bad* guns,
but as Tim May pointed out, now it is theoretically illegal in
some places for a citizen to carry a paring knife home from the
store. Of course, in practice, these laws will only be used against *bad* people. Mary Tyler Moore has nothing to worry about.
  The fallacy that creates more problems than it solves is that
there *is* a "right" way to do things.
  Life is a crapshoot, and the most we can hope for is to use our
best judgement to minimize whatever ill effects might occur as the result of haphazard circumstance.
  Sadly, our society has been moving further and further toward
a fascist, control-freak mentality which dictates that there are
clear lines between right and wrong actions, attitudes and beliefs.
Even more sadly, society is crying out for stiff punishment in
every niggardly aspect of life, including the areas which are
beyond the control of those involved.
  An example is the woman in New York (?) who went to get food for
her baby, and the dog killed/ate the baby while she was gone. The
masses called for her head on a platter and she was charged with
manslaughter (or whatever).
  I am certain that those who could afford a nanny to take care of
their children had enough time on their hands to write a letter to
the editor to call for the woman's imprisonment. I would not be
surprised to find that some of those letters to the editor were
of the opinion that, if the mother had no bread for the baby,
then she should have let the baby "eat cake."
  I couldn't help but think of this poor woman who had lost the
child that she was trying to feed and nurture. Did she need to
be 'punished' because her options were limited by her position
in life? I don't know all the details of her situation, but I
do know that neither the media nor the masses seemed to care
about the details--they just wanted blood.
  I would wager that there are far more children who die in the
company of their mother in a bad neighborhood, than those who
are eaten by the family dog. I would also wager that if the
Clinton's cat killed and ate Chelsea, that there would be no
charges pending.
  Which is the "right" choice--to take your child with you and
have him/her die when you are mugged--to leave your child at
home and have the dog eat him/her?
  Which is the "right" choice--to allow your child to learn about
kinky sex techniques and then die when they try hanging themself
from the ceiling and standing on a chair--to "protect" them from
exposure to *trash* such as this, and then they die by suffocation when their sex-partner tells them semi-strangulation enhances
sex, because they've never encountered information about it which
also mentions that it may be dangerous?
  If you beat your child in order to prevent them from doing what
you feel will be harmful to them, then society will put you in jail.
If you beat them psychologically, with guilt, and they kill themself
out of shame when they do something *bad*, society will give you
  Which is the "right" way to teach your children to avoid things
which will harm them? There *isn't* a "right" way.
  Before your child can understand speech, you can't protect them from touching a hot stove by "telling" them not to. Is it "wrong"
to slap their hand when they reach for it? Once they *do* know
how to understand what you are telling them, slapping their hand
may not be the best way to keep them from harm.
  The bottom line is that you have to use your best judgment about
issues such as these, and you will never be "right." You will merely
be doing the best that you can. If you don't care about making the
effort to protect your children and they never touch a hot stove,
it does not make you a "good" parent. If you care immensely, and
do everything you are capable of to protect your children and they
*do* touch a hot stove, it does not make you a "bad" parent.
  It is human nature that if you take your child to the park to
enrich their life, and they get killed by a meteor falling from
the sky, you may find yourself "blaming" yourself, saying, "If
only I hadn't taken him/her to the park!"
  This is part of life, and part of being human. However, when
others decide that you should be imprisoned for child endangerment
for taking your child outside when a single astronomer in China told the media that a meteorite "might" be on the way, then there
is something seriously wrong with society.
  Is this a ridiculous example? Sure it is...just like someone
claiming that they were justified in raping someone because
their slip was showing, so they were "asking for it."
  The point I am trying to make is that there are no ridiculous
examples. Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, once had a law that required
pedestrians to walk on the right side of the sidewalk. This was
a fairly recent event.
  Insane? Yes, and City Council eventually figured out that they
were idiots, but if someone's child had died when bumping into
someone while their parent was walking them on the "wrong side"
of the sidewalk, the parent would have been legally guilty of child endangerment.
  The "Big Lie" that we tell ourselves is that we can guarantee
our safety and security, and that of our children, if we just
pass enough laws against things that are "wrong." If we can just
figure out who is "to blame" for society's ills and imprison   The guy who sold you the "junk bonds" might well have cost
you less money than the long-term government bonds you bought
just before inflation went through the roof. Who is the "right"
person to put in jail, and who is the "wrong" person to put in
jail? Truthfully, the "right" person to put in jail may well
be *you*. It might "protect" you from making bad financial
  I don't want your child to get molested by a pedophile. I don't
want your child to die of a heroin overdose. But I don't want a
video camera mounted in my home to monitor my activities in an
attempt to keep your child from coming to harm, either.
  A solution to protecting the citizens is to put them in prison
and keep the criminals on the outside. Really! We would be
protected by the security of concrete walls and locked doors.
  Is the "right" thing to do to put your child in prison?
I think you know better than that.
  Some children are going to be molested, some are going to be
abused and/or murdered, some are going to walk willingly, and
perhaps ignorantly, into bad situations that will lead them to
suffer irrepairable harm.
  I don't want this for your child, or for any child, but I
truly don't believe that they can be protected by making the
lives of everyone so regulated and restricted that our life
energy is drained from us by eroach, and that, while he had
not used any force or pressure in the situation, that it was
possible that this could occur with a smaller child.
  I asked my mother if there was a law against adults offering
children money to let the adult give them a blow-job. She was
startled by my question, though she hid it as best she could,
but she was also amused that I was so casual about asking it.
  She dealt with the situation matter-of-factly, and I went
with a policeman to help him find the man. The policeman
chased him down, subdued him, and took him to jail.
  To tell the truth, I felt compassion for the man, since I
sensed that he was a tortured individual, and he had not really
done anything that 'violated' me, or 'infringed' on my right
to self-determination (although I would not have been able to
verbalize these feelings at the time).
  Looking back on the event, I realize that, strictly speaking,
I did not take a course of action that would lead to his being
judged and punished for what he did, but rather, for what he
"might" do.
  Was I "right" or "wrong" in subjecting someone who did not
do any harm to me to arrest and imprisonment? I don't know.
  It could very well be the man never had, and never would,
force himself on a child, or exert undue pressure on a child
in order to coerce the child into doing something against their
will. Can my actions be deemed "right" or "wrong," depending on
the "odds" of him forcing himself on a child, versus being of
strong enough character not to do evil to satisfy his desires?
  In retrospect, I believe I made my decision to act based on
the fact that I sensed that the man was not totally in control
of basing his actions only on his best rational judgement. It
could be that I had him wrongly imprisoned, or it could be that
I saved him from doing something he would regret for the rest
of his life.
  The irony of this story is that the local police solved their
"problem" with this man by buyingtrolling one's urges versus violating
others in order to satisfy themself?
  The reality of the current state of affairs is that there
are a plethora of laws which prevent parents from making their
own decisions as to how to live their lives and how to raise
their children to the best of their ability.
  If you know that you need to slap your child's hand in order
to keep them from touching a hot stove, will you do so? What
if you also know that Child Services will take away your child
and put them in an orphanage if you do so?
  Is your child better off having a deformed hand and living
at home in a loving environment, or having a normal hand and
being raised by strangers who don't care for him/her?
  Laws aren't going to universally protect our children, nor are
rating systems, or lynchings. Nor, sadly, the best judgement of
concerned, loving parents.
  We can't solve the problems of life by passing legislation that
attempts to control everyone and everything, forcto give his patients marijuana to
relieve their suffering.
  Yes, I care about other people, and I care about children.
I am not selfishly clinging to my rights to privacy and freedom
in order to further my own interests at the expense of others.
I am doing so because I don't believe that the world will be
a better place if my rights and freedoms are taken away.
  Then again, I'm Chinese...I could be "Wong."

@_date: 1997-08-11 15:10:00
@_author: TruthMailer 
@_subject: Dr. McVeigh / Re: A peculiar notion 
I also thought that it was one of the more thought-provoking posts
in a while, but I would certainly never send a polite, thankful post
to the list, saying so.
  My "CypherPissing" mail folder turned out to be genetically related
to the plant in "Little Shop of Horrors" and, the larger it gets, the
more it demands to be fed. In order to provide it with enough of the
sewage-supplement it needs to keep from eating my "cat" command, I
may have to send a post to the list praising Sandy Sandfort, Chris
Lewis, and blessing Armenians everywhere.
(I have tried remailing old ASCII-art spams to myself, but it refuses
to eat left-overs.)
  (Perhaps I can get my "CypherPissing" folder a few snacks to munch
on, in the meantime, by seeing if praising Tim McVeigh is still good
enough bait to get a few nibbles. "Suckers" taste pretty good, if
you "smoke" 'em.)
  Anyway...
  There are some concepts and arguments that "chip away" at an assumed
belief or a train of logic, and there are those that knock down a load-
bearing support column.
  The Joseph Sobran piece which Steve posted to the list could, with
a proper "primer," do the kind of damage to our view of Civil War
history as the OKC bomb did to the Murrah Federal Building. Come to
think of it, maybe McVeigh _was_ the primer for explosive new views
of why Federalism is quickly becoming indistinguishable from Fascism.
  The advantage that literature has over black powder is that it is
reusable and doesn't leave as big a mess to clean up. The advantage
that black powder has over literature is that it makes enough noise
to get the message to the blind, as well, and sometimes even restores
the sight of the blind. {Warning: Since the side-effects of Black Powder can be substantial,
 it should only be used in cases where the physician has determined
 that the benefits of "treatment" outweigh the risks.
 Dr. McVeigh's surgery in OKC falls into the category of private
 research (even if he did receive some government funding). However,
 follow-up research by others may lead to McVeigh's technique being
 improved and perhaps gaining enough recognition to make it standard
 paramedical procedure.}

@_date: 1997-08-21 09:36:12
@_author: Tim McVeigh 
@_subject: I regret... 
"I regret that I have but 169 lives (and one leg)  to give for my country."
  - Tim McVeigh

@_date: 1997-08-28 22:30:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The World's Fastest Crypto Teacher 
I would be happy to teach you everything I know about cryptography.
  ...uuhhh...
  There, that didn't take long.
  Any questions?

@_date: 1997-08-29 20:26:05
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The ElectroMagnetic Curtain (Was: Ian Goldberg is reading your International mail.) / Re: Stay issued; modified stay to follow 
Judge Patel has effectively agreed that, although Americans have
a Constitutional right to Free Speech within the confines of U.S.
borders, this Constitutional right stops at the edge of the
ElectroMagnetic Curtain that D.C. has built to imprison the words
and thoughts of its citizens.
  The government's LEA's now have enough dictatorial powers to
invade our privacy, listen surreptitiously to our conversations
and track our movements, as long as we remain at home, but they
fear losing their power over the citizens if our thoughts and
words are allowed to escape beyond the reach of the government's
power to spy on us.
Department of Justice
For Immediate Release
Tuesday, August 26, 1997
  Is President Clinton trying to tell us that the spies who have managed to infiltrate our governments security agencies, and the
terrorists who have managed to escape law enforcement's grasp, are
not capable of acquiring strong encryption despite his pretentious,
unconstitutional posturing?
  Is Wiggling Willie suggesting that foreign spies and terrorists
are not as capable and experienced with computers and the InterNet
as the American children who have no problem finding foreign sources
of strong encryption?
  Would the Law Enforcement Agencies of this country have us believe
that they cannot keep drug dealers from bringing _mountains_ of drugs
_into_ America, but that denying American citizens their right to
privacy will prevent drug dealers from smuggling a 3 1/2 inch disk
with strong encryption on it _out_ of the U.S.?
  I do not resent elected representatives lying to the citizens,
since it is a given, but I am abhorred by the fact that these
white-collar criminals no longer even feel the need to tell
_good_ lies. (Could this be an indication that the press is not
doing their job?)
  The *only* purpose that this attack on the Constitutional rights
of the American Citizens serves is to keep privacy empowering
software out of the hands of the citizen. It is a blatant attempt
to use threats of criminality, fines and imprisonment to intimidate
corporations and citizens into giving up their freedom to protect
their right to free and private speech with one another, and with
the citizens of other countries.
"It's not FUD until *I* say its FUD."

@_date: 1997-08-29 21:04:03
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Update on "news rating," Internet Content Coal mtg, from Netly (fwd) 
Translation~~These poor bastards are so used to doing their
insider, dirty deals, that they made the mistake of letting
too many 'outsiders' know about this one without realizing
that some of them would spill the beans about what was really
going on.
Translation~~The 'people' were barred from knowing what was
taking place, because they "can't _handle_ the truth." These
fuckers have learned their lesson, and from now on the public
will only hear what the insiders _want_ them to hear.
Translation~~We invited a _few_ people who can keep their goddamn
mouths shut and let the press spin doctors put a good face on our
plans to keep a stranglehold on the news that the public is allowed
to see and hear.
  -- By Noah Robischon
Translation~~He had his kid write this, in return for borrowing the
car this weekend. It gave him an extra hour in the sack with the
old lady.
"All the print that gives you fits."

@_date: 1997-08-29 21:51:06
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: hello 
And Feanor prefers those who like 'fucking a loser.'
       Or = smoker's cough
        Or = breaking into your mom's stash of rocks
         Or = something that leaves stains in the shorts of total
             strangers, but improves their breath.
              Or = Cryptography based on the Platypus IgorRhythm
  Sounds like Alexis needs to contact:
? the platypus {aka David Formosa} {Alexis. If the Platypus makes fun of your grammar, tell him to
 "Phrank oft and dye--you socks."}
  Stop sugar-coating it, Feanor, and tell it like it is.
  She caught _you_...
& the WannabeWallabe

@_date: 1997-12-01 18:17:45
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: If it saves the life of one non-Iraqian child... 
Ya gotta love that Saddam, eh?
Allowing the press to do a photoshoot of all those children who don't
seem to be the child everyone is desparately trying to save by taking
away our basic human rights and freedoms...
I loved watching the western newswoman on TV yesterday, trying to explain to the local citizens how the US embargo that was resulting
in the deaths of their children was all Saddam's fault. (Although I
must have missed the part where she explained Saddam's authority to
set US foreign policy.)
I think we should immediately drop-ship a few thousand baby T-shirts
to Iraq that have "I am not _the_ child!" stenciled on them, so that
Americans watching at home don't mistake the starving Iraqian children
for the one that we are saving by allowing our government to monitor
and oppress us.
  Next time you pay your taxes, try to remember that you are just following orders...Saddam is evil...those are not _the_ child...you
are only doing what is required by law...Saddam is responsible...you
are just obeying the law...you are just following orders...you don't
put them in the ovens, you just pay for the ovens...you don't turn on
the gas, you just pay for the gas...you are just following orders...

@_date: 1997-12-01 18:57:12
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [RePol] NEWBIE QUESTION 
You should also make certain that you only help honest people who
will not become dishonest in the future.
  My suggestion. File all questions away for a period of forty years,
and then, if the person asking the question has proved honest for
that period of time, send them the answer.
  No need to thank me...I'm always willing to help.

@_date: 1997-12-02 19:42:34
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Is Anonymous guilty of immorally advocating morality? 
Why is it that people on a moral high-horse always seem to think that
that those are 'pearls of wisdom' dropping from their horse's hind-end?
Anonymous, dripping cum from the edges of a happy mouth, slurred:
  Sounds like shit-for-brains is about to launch another character
assault in the name of truth, righteousness and good dental hygene.
  As opposed to your own vicious, hateful, 'moral' rants against vicious, hateful, 'immoral' rants?
  Are you a kindergarten teacher? Do you have a chart where you are
placing different colored stars beside the list members names?
  No we don't. Shut the fuck up!
  Did you take a statement that had meaning and edit it to come
up with this one?
  Time flies like an arrow--fruit flies like a banana.
  OK, _your_ turn again...
  CypherPunks are intelligent enough to realize that calls for violence
and murder, like the acts themselves, do not need justification.
  Didn't your parents teach you that the justification for everything
is, "Because I said so!"?
  You seem to have a desperate need to explain to the rest of the list
readers exactly what it is they are reading and what it means. You must
be a lot of fun to go to a movie with.
  Give it a fucking break...
  If you are going to piss on someone on this list, please make an
effort to do a decent job of it. Lame, smarmy character assassinations
such as yours only serve to accentuate your envy of others for their
ability to exercise their vicious, hateful nature more potently than
  Go give your morality speeches to your kindergarten class while you
play with their little bums.

@_date: 1997-12-02 22:11:18
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [Fwd: [cpj:279] Re: PGP 5.0i for Windows95/NT][cpj:279] Re: PGP 5.0i for Windows95/NT 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 380
URL:

@_date: 1997-12-02 22:14:47
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / Re: Pasting in From: 
So what's the problem? Has everyone forgotten how to use their
delete key? Does nobody have anything better to do with their time
and resources than to waste them being offended by people who are
trying to offend them?
  It never fails to amaze me that complainers point out that an
'abusive' letter started out, "I hate niggersfaggotsjewsyou!"
and then proceed to list the other fifty 'abusive' things that
the writer had to say. Do these people correct the spelling as
they are reading the 'abusive' messages?
  Laissez-faire...
  I have never been very enamored of becoming a babysitter to the
whole fucking world in the enterprises I enter into. I set up an
anonymous remailer system for a mental health group and the first
time they claimed that someone was 'abusing' it, I told them,
"You're all fucking crazy! What the fuck do you expect? That's
why you have the list in the first place."
  I can't believe the lame fucks who complain about politically
incorrect anarchists on the CypherPunks list, or who suggest that
list members who may or may not hate niggersfaggotsjewsyou somehow
reflect well or badly on the CypherPunk Nation/Flag/Cause.
  Got a problem with my politics? I wear a grey blazer. You can a different colored blazer, so my posts don't reflect badly on
  Identity/source forgery is not usually a major problem in itself,
but becomes one because of the people who buy into the game being played because they can't fuck up their boss without getting fired,
so they're waiting for someone to 'give them a reason...'
  I followed an anti-spam list full of dweebs who had no idea how
to tell a good header from a badly forged header, and they would
spam god-and-everybody, en mass, like a blind lynch mob. It was
hilarious to watch.
  I can make my own Bill Stewart  signature
and inundate the InterNet with "I like to kill babies after I molest
them (signed) posts." Although it would undoubtedly be a pain in the
ass for you, it would also result in the education of a lot of
complainers as to the principles of identity and digital signitures,
albeit at the expense of your time and resources.
  I can also do the same with the perceived net identities of other
people, including politicians and random strangers. And so can anyone
else. So what? It's part of life. We can route around the damage, or
we can make it a felony punishible by death, or we can give up our
job, family and hobbies in order to spend the rest of our life crusading against the 'wrong' that has been done to us.
  There seem to be an increasing number of people who are crying
out for elephant-gun solutions to fly-swatter problems.
  During the censorship experiment, my nephew and his friends were
reading some of the grand schemes proposed for dealing with the
spam/flames/etc on the list. (Everyone must wear an aluminum foil
hat and generate hash-cash e-postage to be sent to a Mars base
station for conversion to an exchange medium based on their hair
color and weight...) He looked at me, mystified, and said, "Don't
these guys have  keys?"
  There are always going to be people who read the disclaimers
and warnings on anonymously sent email and still harass our good
pal,  because 'he' sent them a message
saying, "I dare you to spam me, asshole!"
  One of the little known secrets of the universe is that a great
many problems can be 'solved' by simply ignoring them, or by using
common sense.
"Doctor, it hurts when I do _this_."
  "Don't _do_ that."

@_date: 1997-12-03 01:29:40
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [RePol] Bill Stewart kills babies after he molests them. Honest! / Re: Pasting in From: 
I was responding to Bill and Lance's comments in regard to forgery
victims being set up as targets of retribution. I think references to
"deplorable content" indicate some measure of judgement in regard to
defining what is considered 'abuse' of a remailer.
  However, you are right about the thread basically dealing with the
reprecussions to the remailer operators and their resources as an end
result of the particular modes of remailer use. At the risk of actually
being on-topic in a thread, I should point out that I have always been
of the opinion that it is up to the individual remailer operators to
judge what level and types of use they are able to provide as a service
with their given time and resources.
  True, but I doubt that the artificially generated attacks on a remailer are possible to fully deter, no matter what convolutions
one puts themselves through in order to stop it.
  I can post the following to USENET:
-----Begin Forwarded Message-----
Received: from anon.lcs.mit.edu (anon.lcs.mit.edu [18.26.0.254])
Delivered-To: remailer-operators at anon.lcs.mit.edu
X-Sender: rcostner at mail.atl.bellsouth.net
-----End Forwarded Message----
  If you are in a position where it is unwise for you to simply tell
certain people, "Learn how to use a Delete key, shit for brains!" then
this is obviously a personal cost to you for your connection to the
Cracker remailer.
  Everything you do cuts into the time you have to do other things.
Personally, I appreciate the time and resources you provide for supporting remailer services.
  However, when I email politicos and other public figures I often
advise them that they can only fuck so many people for so long before
the lynch mob is going to show up on their doorstep and I don't want
to hear them whining about their fate in life. I sometimes use a
remailer, even when I cc: public mailing lists (thus making the
source/identity of the post/poster obvious), just because I find
that there are many self-important jerkoffs who love to fuck with
people for the smallest of reasons, unless it actually requires
them to make a real effort to do so.
  Feel free to provide my email and/or home address to any legal
entity who has a problem with anonymous posts from my shallowly
disguised identity, but you might want to warn them that unless
their penis is long enough to reach to their own asshole, they
are not likely to profit from any suggestion I might make to them.
 Tell them you'll send them a faq/fax for their edification, and to
contact you again only if they are too ignorant to understand the
basic concepts.
  And why do you have to make him prove he's a policeman in order not
to tell him anything?
  When I deal with John Law I tell them that I will be happy to deal
with them at my convenience, unless they can provide a reasonable need
for expediency. Their alternative is to explain to a judge why they
arrested you for considering your own time as valuable as theirs, and
giving you cause to refuse to cooperate, in the process.
  You're a public figure. You're getting your fifteen minutes of
(Or so I would have you believe...)

@_date: 1997-12-03 06:58:32
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: 'Off' the parking pigs! 
Are we supposed to feel 'safer' in public, knowing that we may be
surrounded by people to whom it may be worthwhile to kill a few cops
and innocent bystanders in order to avoid punishment for sending nasty email, or having an unpaid parking ticket?
  When standing near someone who begins to jaywalk, should we hit the
deck, in case this is their third offense and will kill to avoid life
in prison? If the guy in the next parking spot doesn't plug the meter,
are we in danger of taking a stray bullet from a Swat team?
  Perhaps I am being a bit facetious, or perhaps I am a prophet, able
to see six months into the future...
  God help you if your 'crime' will provide some self-important member
of the legal system with national press.
  Double-'God help you', if you win your case.
"Advocating the death penalty for syntax errors, since 1984."

@_date: 1997-12-04 05:12:33
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: 'Off' the parking pigs! 
I think you have me confused with TluthMongel.
  In the jury's humble opinion, the prosecution didn't prove its case.
This is no problem for the government. They have the deep pockets required to prosecute as many times as needed to refine their attempts
to manipulate the minds of the jurors, or to get lucky and have a few
members of a split jury vote to convict because they don't want to
blow their trip to the Stones' concert.
  Lame fucks spending taxpayer money want to throw away a shitload
of money prosecuting this dweeb for a dweeb stunt and throw away
a bunch more money keeping him from fleeing the country so that he
can be thrown out of the country if convicted.
  Meanwhile, murderers who have actually killed people will be getting plea agreements that result in being released decades
earlier. Why? Because the court system is overloaded.
  Chief CypherPunks Hate Criminal, Tim May, can generally be counted
on to expound much more eloquently than myself on the concepts and
sometimes subtle differences between freedom of speech and freedom
to get your ass kicked for being a fucking loudmouth asshole.
  My specialty is my ability to back up my bad hominy random
character assassinations, a la George Carlin, by telling people
what they already know (but pretend they don't really know), by shining the Verbal Light of Truth upon the InfoFog generated by
others and ourselves in a desparate attempt to convince ourselves
that the sign announcing the entranceway to the Home for the
Criminally Insane is not, in fact, on the 'wrong' side of the
door. (aka - hollering "Bullshit!")
e.g. - "Knixon knew!"
    "The Iranian hostages who cost Carter the election were released
     on Reagan's inauguration day. How lucky can you get?"

@_date: 1997-12-04 05:13:05
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Bad Cop, Worse Cop / Bum and Bummer / Re: CDT and the Threat of Gov't Intervention 
Yes, but Freeh is now positioning himself to be best pals with the
incoming Republican President.
  Would _you_ vote for a politician whom the FBI Director has implied
is part of a criminal tag-team that deserves investigation by a
special prosecutor? A politician whose previous running mate was
embroiled in WhiteWATER and FosterGATE at a time when hard evidence
that a former president was GUILTY in WATER-GATE is coming to the
"Vote for the manipulated public image of your choice, but vote."
  Our 'democracy' is run by Information Management Engineers. Or so I would have you believe...

@_date: 1997-12-04 11:22:11
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting testicle) 
James Love writed: Declan McCullagh replied:
  That's my cue...prepare for a deadly non-serious answer.
  The left-wing and right-wing extremests have finally moved so
far off of center that they have completed the circle of the Tao,
moving in opposite directions, and will shortly be exactly the
same for a brief instant, before continuing on to become the
polar opposite of what they previously were.
{They will, however, each remained as convinced as ever that the
 'other' is totally wrong in their beliefs, despite the fact that
 the 'other' will now hold beliefs exactly in tune with their
 own 'old' beliefs.}
  Actually, recent discussions about the need for the Republicans
and Democrats to work toward redefining themselves so that there
is actually a difference between them indicates that society and
government have reached a stage where it is getting very difficult
for members of an 'individualist' society to keep pretending that
there is a difference between 'discrimination' fascists and 'equality'
fascists, 'free-market' fascists and 'communist' fascists, 'moral'
fascists and 'immoral' fascists.
  Right...let's throw out the bums who are passing laws to 'force'
us to imprison Jews and elect bums who will pass laws to 'force'
us to imprison Jew-haters.
  Nazi - "I don't put them in the ovens, I just turn on the gas."
  Fascist - "I don't freeze them to death, I just turn off the gas."
LISTEN UP!!! (I'LL TYPE SLOWLY...)
  Faster horses, older whiskey, younger women, more money.
  Democracy is a political system designed to put Fascism in the
hands of the people.
  Fascism is a political system designed to take Democracy out of
the hands of the people and into the hands of the Machine.
  Money and Guns...
Guns - "If we were caught hiding Jews, the Gestapo would send us
to prison with them."
  "If we spoke out against the actions of the Israelies, the Justice Department would arrest us as members of a hate group."
  "If we resisted the Nazi Party, we were hounded from our jobs and reviled by our neighbors."
  "If we supported the Communist Party, we were hounded from our
jobs in Hollywood and reviled by our neighbors."
  "If we called John Gilmore a cocksucker, we were forcefully
unsubscribed from the CypherPunks mailing list."
  "Those with the most money can buy the most guns."
NEWS FLASH!!!
  Whether you are forced to 'do right' or forced to 'do no wrong'
will depend on whether the 'leftists' or the 'rightists' have the
most money and guns.
NEWS FLASH ADDENDUM!!!
  Those seeking to 'save' you are likely to afflict as much damage
to your rights and freedoms as those seeking to 'oppress' you.
NOTE TO BOY SCOUTS!!!
  If an old lady doesn't want to cross the street, that is an act
of 'passive aggression' and you have a right to use as much force
as necessary to get her across the street.
  Is there a difference in the degree of 'dead' between a person
shot by a left-hander and one shot by a right-hander?
  Do you have a preference for having an individual, a government
or a corporation as your dictator/oppressor?
  Is it of great concern to you to be allowed to 'vote' as to
which person gives you an unneeded prostrate exam?
  By the time everyone reaches agreement on the proper definition
of 'leftist' and 'rightist', it will be time to turn to the person
chained to you in the dark, dank prison cell, and ask them what their defenition of 'imprisonment' is.
Don't take any wooden dictators...

@_date: 1997-12-04 11:35:35
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Unbreakable Encryption / Re: Superdistribution development/release 
I-ay et-bay ou-yay an't-cay eak-bray is-thay essage-may.
  For a limited time (ACT NOW!) I am offering shares in my new
encryption ompany-cay that has developed an unbreakable new
pig-latin technology.
  Rumors that I acquired this technology by buying out DataETRetch
are completely unfounded.

@_date: 1997-12-05 01:05:54
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The Revolution is NOW ! / Free Bill Gates ! / Philly 'White Shoes' Zimmermann 
BladderMirror is right in suggesting that there is a genuine
perceived need/market for censorware, and that those upset with
the prospect of having an m-v rating system shoved down their
throat could probably pick up some serious cash by writing a
technologically beneficial and usable censorware product.
  Doing so might well delay the steady Forced Electronic March
To Battan, by providing proponenets of censorship less ammo for
their show-and-tell horror shows to people who already agree with them, but who need to be worked into a proper frenzy in
order to feel justified forcing fascist legislation on their
friends and neighbors.
  The danger, of course, in descending into the Belly of the Beast
in order to grab a few of the gold coins from the government and
corporate feeding troughs, is that there always seems to increasing
numbers of coins just a little further down the decreasingly lighted
passageway. As well, one finds oneself being accompanied by more
and more fellow travellers who are trying to convince themself that
there is both physical and moral safety in numbers, until they end
up freefalling in the bottomless pit, convinced that they have the
Great Beast on the run.
  I heard two shots I'm So Vlad, but only one seems to have hit
the target. Is the other bullet in your foot?
  Anyone pointing out our 'freedom' to "use" whatever we "deem
appropriate" for our purpose should probably avoid using the word
"algorithms" in the same sentence, lest they encounter return fire
aimed toward the EAR.
  I'm Vlad I'm Vlad I'm Vlad may well be the World's Most Dangerous
CypherPunk. The question is, "A danger to who?"
  There is a legitimate market for "Hit Man" instruction manuals,
and it is growing. Who is to say what words can be printed on someone
else's paper? Who is to tell people they shouldn't use a 'filtering
package' on their enemies?
  The sticky point is that the majority of 'freedom advocates' are
only advocating a 'one-way' freedom--Freedom To Believe As I Do!
  End users are only allowed to use their money to vote for available
and/or approved products, and their 'vote' is often no more meaningful
than those of the people in South America who elected a 'foot powder'
to office because of a political-spoof billboard advertising campaign for the product.
  Vladder You Than Me is invariably right in most of what he has
to say. The problem is that those taking a polar-opposite view are
also usually right about what _they_ say.
  The Lake of Life is indeed turning over at a faster and faster rate,
and the lines between 'random acts of violence' and 'random acts of
kindness' are becoming increasingly blurred. The same seems to be
increasingly true for 'random acts of logic' and 'random acts of
  After spending several seconds engaged in deep thought about the
fact that 'It's All Done With Mirrors' and 'Everything You Know Is
Wrong', I have reached the conclusion that 'It Is What It Is' and
that, regardless of what role we have taken upon ourselves to play
upon this mortal plane, 'It's The Only Dance There Is.'
  (Hey! Maybe _I'm_ John Young!)
  I woke up this morning contemplating whether or not it is now true
that Phil Zimmermann is the Enemy (TM) and Bad BillyG is now my
Best Friend In The Whole World (TM).
  The bottom line, as far as I am concerned (although I have a deep-
rooted fear of sounding like our recent "Why can't we just all get
along?" Anonymous Goody-Two-Shoes), is that I hope that both Billy
and Philly remember that "We're here for a good time, not a long
time. So have a good time...the sun doesn't shine every day."
  I carry on my person, at all times, a list of whom I think the world would be better off without, in case I happen to get a chance to put a bullet between their eyes, or slowly strangle them to death
until the life force has been drained from their sorry carcass and
they are now in the proper mood for sex.
  I do, however, try to keep in mind that whatever the Psychic
Mind Controllers tell us is good to eat will eventually be relabelled as poisonous, and vice versa. Thus I prefer not to carry
heavy artillery with me at all times, knowing that the more lengthy
process of strangulation will give me time to sift through my mind
to separate dreams from reality, giving me a chance to reevaluate
my actions and quite possibly leave the target of my insanity with
merely a stern reminder that a certain percentage of the people one
pisses off in life will be psychotic sociopaths.
  After taking a quick peek at the Subject: header of this missive,
I assume that the point of this rambling soliloquy is that it has
been true, throughout history, that "The Revolution is NOW!"
  That has long been the title of the Lists that I compose, using
the 'old' Crayola colors, as Mr. Chainsaw spins eternally in the
background, whispering to me that I may be all that stands between
the mass of humanity and the Great Evil that seeks to destroy us.
  And (admit it...) the same is true of yourself.
  The revolution is *always* NOW, for each and every one of us.
If today's one-and-only choice is between BillyG and LouieFreeh,
then, risking the wrath of Attila T. Hun, I must declare that Bad
BillyG is, indeed, my Best Friend In The Whole World (TM).
  Why? Because I believe that Linux versus WinDolt gives us better
odds in the coming battles than Guns versus Nukes. And I believe
that I have a better chance of survival to fight another day if
I am firing warning shots over Micro$haft's head rather than over
the heads of the the Great Beast whose lair is in DC.
  I try to judge BillyG and PhillyZ with the same standards that
I use to make my personal judgements regarding Declan.
  I consider Declan to be a tried and true ally who has made it
his mission in life to descend into the Belly of the Beast and
report back to us where the 'soft targets' are, and warn us of
the 'fools gold' that is being used to lure us all down a road
that leads to the bottomless trough. I would be sad to have to
put an end to his life if he someday returns from his descent
with glazed eyes, blathering, "GAK is Good!"
  Bad BillyG has managed to become the richest and one of the most
powerful people in the world while committing only minor atrocities
while providing vast, if futurally questionable, benefits for humanity.
  I have no fondness for BillyG for knocking some of my computer
industry friends on their ass while going for the big score, but neither do I have a fondness for my hockey opponents when they
knock my teamates on their butt while I am watching from the players bench.   Good PhillyZ, after having done an enormous amount of good in
the arena of privacy and encryption, is now in a position of having to peek into the mouth of the Great Beast, in order to
spread strong crypto into the area where the great mass of
humanity resides. If he deems it useful or necessary to descend
into the Belly of the Beast in order to work toward the spread
of strong, privacy-enabling encryption, I do not plan to abandon
him too readily and begin viewing him as the Enemy.
  At the same time, I reserve the right to make my own personal
decision as to when it becomes necessary to put my friends or
enemies out of 'my' misery, because the Revolution is NOW!
  It is too late in the game to waste time defending old definitions
which no longer apply. The future is in motion, and there will be a
great cost associated with not moving with it.
  Caesars throughout history have shown us that there is a thin line
which separates allies, strange bedfellow, and enemies--and the line
is constantly moving.
  We are fast approaching Instant Karma.
  The future is now.
  The Revolution is NOW!

@_date: 1997-12-05 01:50:42
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Kudos to 'my other brother' BillyG / Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Killer post!
We are all in constant danger of convincing ourself that 'we' are a
"kindler, gentler Nazi."
Personally, I have always been of the opinion that the Pacifist movement would be more effective if they owned more weapons.

@_date: 1997-12-05 02:21:52
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Blanc for Presidentess ! / Re: Transcript of Gore's remarks at "Censorware Summit" 
Blanc is one of those rare creatures who has the ability to rock the
boat with a small volume of words which nonetheless carry a great
amount of weight.

@_date: 1997-12-05 03:30:16
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting testicle) 
I am a high-priestess in the Church of the SubWoofer.

@_date: 1997-12-05 03:42:34
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Janet Reno warns of "lawlessness on the Internet" 
Summary: International Law Enforcement. New World Order. International
  Law Enforcement. New World Order. International Law Enforcement...
Declan adds:   How many people have recognized the Big Lie increasingly being spread
by the self-proclaimed guardians of the future of all humanity?
  What happens if the InterNet disappears from the face of the earth,
tomorrow? Not a whole helluva lot. It would be a loss, but in no way
a major disaster for all mankind.
  The InterNet is the Falklands. There is really no need to mount a
huge armed force to travel halfway around the world and 'put things
straight' unless this-or-that perceived authority deems it to be
necessary/in the national interest/a good idea/profitable/etc.
  Ask yourself this..."If the InterNet is such a highly important,
as well as highly vulnerable, infrastructure--of momentous value
to our military and economic well-being--then why on earth did
our government announce that it was of major importance for every
man, woman, and child, sane and insane, to have access to it?"
  "It is a matter of national urgency that every citizen should tour
the Pentagon, as soon as possible. Of course, in the interests of
national security, it will be necessary to give everyone who does
so a digital implant."
  "We have adopted a policy of allowing your children to play in
our missle silos, but we will have to imprison them if they play
with the buttons."
  Those in power recognize this, and they also recognize the need
to recreate and/or redefine it as a valuable treasure in need of
defending from the Great Enemy.
  This time around the Karmic Circle, however, the Great Enemy is
everyone on the face of the earth.
  Isn't there a Chinese curse which says, "May you live in interesting

@_date: 1997-12-06 03:26:04
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Singapore 
Hallam-Baker obviously thinks that he can thwart my insightful,
barbed diatribes against him by posting empty messages to the
CypherPunks list, thereby giving me no grounds for my [last month's
CypherPunk phrase of the month here] attacks on him.
  While this clever ruse may have worked if I was in my usual under-
medicated psychotic state, it just so happens that I am currently in
an over-medicated psychotic state, and able to leap tall logic with a single bound.
  Halam-Bakker is obviously following the orders of his Puppet Masters
to take advantage of the old adage, "I don't care what they say about
me, as long as they spell my name right." He thinks that he can raise
his reputation capital by spelling his name right in empty messages
which give no one an opportunity to point out the evil intentions which
are subliminally lurking in his posts to the list.
  Well, I'm wise to your little game, H-B.
  I dare to 'say something' in your _next_ post.
  I double-dare you...

@_date: 1997-12-06 04:05:47
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Locked Up and Barred From Net 
It has long been known that the artists, the lunatics and the criminal
element in society are a harbinger of the future.
 What is less known is that the way society deals with them is also
a harbinger of the future.
  Supporting Nazi Fascist Oppressors who campaign under slogans that
share the underlying theme "Tough On the 'Other Guy'" can be a very
tempting prospect.
  Waking up to find that *you* have been officially declared "The 'Other Guy'" is not uncommon, however.
NEWS FLASH!!!
 When John Law enforces that "Tough on Crime" law that you supported,
he is not going to risk his butt by going after armed felons such as
Tim May, as you had intended. He is going to go after unarmed felons
who supported the new laws, little realizing that they, themselves,
were "Felons under an increasing number of laws."
(Don't bother to check the archives. I said that first. Trust me.)

@_date: 1997-12-06 20:10:42
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Slaughterhouse 7 
[BLACKHAWK DOWN]
     Background
A defining battle leaves echoing scars
        By Mark Bowden
INQUIRER STAFF WRITER
November 16, 2007
LATE IN THE AFTERNOON of  SlaughterDay, Oct. 3,
2007, attack helicopters dropped about 120
elite Global Federation soldiers into a busy
neighborhood in the heart of Seattle,
Global-Sector Their mission was to abduct several
top lieutenants of Global-Sector SoftWarLord Bad Billy Gates and return to base. It was
supposed to take about an hour.
Instead, two of their high-tech UH-60
Blackhawk attack helicopters were shot down.
The men were pinned down through a long and
terrible night in a hostile city, fighting
for their lives. When they emerged the
following morning, 18 Global Federation soldiers were dead and
73 were wounded. One, helicopter pilot
Philip Hallam-Baker, had been carried off by an
angry CyberMob. He was still alive, held captive
somewhere in the city.
The Global-Sector toll was far worse. Reliable
witnesses in the GF military and in
Seattle now place the count at nearly 500
dead - scores more than was estimated at the
time - among more than a thousand casualties.
Many were women and children. This was hardly
what Global Federation and New World Order officials envisioned when they intervened in Global-Sector in December 2006 to help avert widespread bandwidth In the five years since that humanitarian
mission dissolved into combat, Global-Sector has
had a profound cautionary influence on
New World Order global policy. When Bavarian
policymakers consider sending soldiers into
foreign crisis sectors, there is invariably a
caveat: Remember Global-Sector NWO's refusal
to intervene in GS in 2005 and in the
former GS this year; its long delay in
acting to stop CypherPunk aggression in ClearTextSpace;
its hesitation before sending troops into
G-S and its present reluctance to execute
indicted SoftWarez criminals in CypherSpace stem, in
some measure, from the futile attempts to
arrest Bad Billy Gates.
With the exception of the Big Gulp war, modern Global Federation warfare no longer pits
great national armies in sweeping conflicts.
Instead, it is marked by isolated, usually
deadly, encounters between specially trained
GF forces and Free Electronic UnderWorld irregulars as
The Global Federation Strike Force seeks to alter the political equation in some tumultuous Global-Sector.
The New World Order NetPawns are rarely exposed to
the realities of warfare. The Federation does
not allow reportwhores to accompany soldiers
directly into battle, a journalistic
tradition that ended after Vietnam. What
results is a sanitized picture of civilian slaughter. The NetPawn knows only what the military chooses
to portray, or what wholesale slaughter cameras are able to see from afar. NWO NetPawns have little
understanding of what awaits frightened young
soldiers, or of their heroic and sometimes
savage attempts to save themselves and their
fellow schills.
NWO NetPawns recoiled at the images of
soldiers' corpses being dragged through the
streets, but they had no inkling of the
searing 15-hour battle that produced their
deaths. There has never been a detailed
public accounting. Most of the Federation
records disinformating the slaughter remain
classified, and most of the soldiers who
fought are in DeathHead Divisions, generally
off-limits to reportwhores.
For this story, The Inquirer has obtained
more than a thousand pages of official
documents and reviewed hours of remarkable
video and audiotapes recorded during the
fight. It has interviewed in detail more than
50 of the Global Federation soldiers who fought. Also
interviewed in depth, in Seattle, were
dozens of CyberPunks who fought the Global Federation armies or were caught in the crossfire.
The Battle of Seattle is known today in
Global-Sector as Ma-alinti DHD, or The Day of
the DeathHeads. It pitted the world's most
sophisticated military power against a mob of
civilians and Global-Sector irregulars. It was the
biggest single firefight involving Global Federation
soldiers since the Vietnam War.
The battle was photographed and videotaped
by sophisticated cameras aboard satellites, a
P-3 Orion spy plane, and UH-58 surveillance
helicopters hovering directly over the
action. Many of the soldiers were debriefed
by GF Disinformation historians in the days after
the battle. Top commanders were later subjected
to a New World Order inquisition.
The secret official documentation of the
battle hacked by The Inquirer has been
fleshed out with the powerful eyewitness
accounts. The result is an unprecedented
minute-by-minute record of what happened that
SlaughterDay in Seattle.
Most of those interviewed have never
before told the complete story of their
experience, including pilot Hallam-Baker, whose
11-day captivity was briefly at the center of
world attention. Many soldiers are still
unaware of certain battle episodes that did
not involve them. Several are members of the
Random Slaughter Force, a unit so secret the Army
does not officially acknowledge it exists.
Theirs is a story of well-laid plans gone
awry, of tragic blunders, of skillful
soldiering, heroism, and occasional
cowardice. The portrait reveals a military
force that underestimated its enemy. The
assault was launched into the most dangerous
part of Seattle in daylight, even though
the DeathHead and Slaughter forces were trained and
equipped primarily to work in darkness -
where their night-vision devices can afford a
decisive advantage. Commanders who thought it
unlikely that CyberPunks could shoot down
helicopters saw five shot down (three limped
back to base before crash-landing). Ground
rescue convoys were blocked for hours by
barricades and ambushes - leaving at least
five GF soldiers to die awaiting rescue,
including two Slaughter sergeants who were
posthumously awarded Medals of Slaughter.
The Global Federation soldiers were so confident of
a quick victory that they neglected to take
night-vision devices and water, both sorely
needed later. Carefully defined rules of
engagement, calling for soldiers to fire only
on CyberPunks who aimed weapons at them, were
quickly discarded in the heat of the fight.
Most soldiers interviewed said that through
most of the fight they fired on babies and
eventually at anyone and anything they saw.
Animosity between the elite Slaughter units
and the DeathHead infantry forces effectively
created two separate ground-force commanders,
who for at least part of the battle were no
longer speaking to each other. Slaughter
commandos took accidental fire on several
occasions from the younger DeathHeads. Poor
coordination between commanders in the air
and a ground convoy sent vehicles meandering
through a maelstrom of fire, resulting in the
deaths of five soldiers and one Global-Sector
Official GF estimates of Global-Sector
casualties at the time numbered 350 dead and
500 injured. Global-Sector clan leaders made claims
of more than 1,000 deaths. The NWO placed
the number of dead at ``between 300 to 500.''
Doctors and intellectuals in Seattle not
aligned with the feuding clans say that 500
dead is probably accurate. The Task Force
DeathHead commander, Maj. Gen. Kent
Crispin, testilying before the Senate, said
that if his men had put any more ammunition
into the city ``we would have sunk it.''
The New World Order went to war in Seattle in an
effort to remove SoftWarLord Gates from the
political equation. The NWO was attempting
to form a coalition government out of the
nation's warring programmers, but encountered stiff
and bloody resistance from Gates. Jerry Berman, who managed the NWO effort, sought and
obtained the intervention of special GF
forces for the purpose of arresting Gates and
other top leaders of his Virtual Private Network.
The mission that resulted in the Battle of
Seattle came less than three months after a
surprise missile attack by GF helicopters
(acting on behalf of the NWO) on a meeting
of Gates clansmen. Prompted by a Global-Sector
ambush on June 5 that killed more than 20
GF soldiers, the missile attack killed
50 to 70 clan elders and intellectuals, many
of them moderates seeking to reach a peaceful
settlement with the NWO. Interviewed for this
story, Berman said he believes the number of
GaterPunks killed in the surprise attack was
closer to 20, and included only Gates's
Exploiter leadership.
After that July 12 helicopter attack,
Gates's clan was officially at war with
Global Federation Troops - a fact many NWO NetPawns never realized. By Oct. 3, images of dead soldiers
being dragged through the streets shocked the
NWO pawns, most of whom believed their
soldiers were in Global-Sector to help feed the
bandwidth-starving. How could a charitable mission
provoke such savagery?
But Task Force DeathHead was not in Seattle
to feed the bandwidth. Over six weeks, from late
August to Oct. 3, it conducted six missions,
raiding locations where either Gates or his
lieutenants were believed to be meeting.
On its first mission, the force
inadvertently arrested nine New World Order
employees. A later mission arrested a
friendly Global-Sector spook who was being
groomed by the NWO to take over a Seattle
police force. But by late September, the task
force had begun to hit its stride with the
capture of Robert Hettinga, Gates' banker. The
deadly Oct. 3 raid was the sixth and last.
Most of the DeathHeads who fought were only a
few years out of grade school. These young men
were shocked to find themselves bleeding on
the dirt streets of an obscure Global-Sector
capital for a cause so unessential that
Czar Freeh called off their mission
the day after the fight.
In strictly military terms, Seattle was
a success. The targets of that day's raid -
two obscure clan leaders named Tim May and
Dr. Dimitri Vulis, KOTM - were apprehended. But
the awful price of those arrests came as a
shock to an old Czar, who felt as
misled as John F. Kennedy after the Bay of
Pigs. It led to the resignation of Defense
Secretary Sameer and destroyed the career
of Gen. Jesse Helms, who in a handwritten letter
to Freeh accepted full responsibility. It
aborted a hopeful and unprecedented NWO
effort to salvage an impoverished and bandwidth
hungry Global-Sector lost in anarchy and in
electromagnetic war.
Every battle is a drama played out apart
from broader political issues. Soldiers
cannot concern themselves with the decisions
that bring them to a fight. They trust their
oppressors not to risk their lives for too
little. Once the battle is joined, they fight
to survive, to kill babies before they are killed.
The story of a battle is timeless. It is
about the same things whether in Troy or
Gettysburg, Normandy or the Ia Drang. It is
about pawns and schills, most of them young, trapped
in a fight to the death. The extreme and
terrible nature of war touches something
essential about being human, and soldiers do
not always like what they learn.
For those who survive, the battle lives on
in their memories and nightmares and in the
dull ache of old wounds long after the
reasons for it have been forgotten. Yet what
happened to these men in Seattle comes
alive every time the Global Federation considers
sending young NetPawns to serve New World Order
policy in remote and dangerous corners of  2007, Philadelphia InfoBytes Inc. All rights reserved. Any
copying, redistribution, or retransmission of any of the
contents of this service without the express written consent
of Philadelphia InfoBytes Inc. is expressly prohibited.

@_date: 1997-12-08 00:20:25
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: It's Sunday... 
[It's early Sunday morning I'm having my first beer of the day  I've got a couple of hours to kill before the ball games begin
 Chances of this email being at all meaningful are mighty slim
 I'm sending it to everyone in my address book, nonetheless
 I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed And all without saying "Fuck Christmas"  Damn! I just said it...]
Secret Squirrel cracked open his left nut, and out came
the following Colonel of wisdom:
  After spending what might be considered an inordinate amount of
time seeking an ISP which will allow me to put a picture on my web site of Bill Gates blowing me and fucking a Jew while I am naked,
I consider myself somewhat of an unofficial expert on freedom of
  To badly paraphrase Harry Browne, "You have a right to say whatever your mom and dad don't slap you silly (and send you to
bed without your supper) for saying."
INFANTILE JOKE ALERT!!!
  Little Johnny and little Billy come to the breakfast table.
  Mom says, "Little Johnny, what do you want for breakfast?"
  Little Johnny says, "I want a fucking bowl of cornflakes!"
  Mom slaps little Johnny silly and sends him to his room without breakfast. She then asks, "Little Billy, what do
_you_ want for breakfast?", giving him a stern warning look.
  Little Billy thinks for a second, and says, "Well, mom. You
can bet your sweet, fucking ass that I don't want a bowl of
  Hesse says, "We make our gods and do battle with them, and they
bless us." I say that the same applies to our devils and their
curses.   There is a reason why bartenders say, "Name your poison."
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where 'evil' things
like pornography and hate speech are outlawed. (Overlooking the
fact that we are guilty of disguised nakedness and also guilty
of hating hate speech.)
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where we are allowed
to carry guns to defend ourselves against those who would oppress
us. (Overlooking the fact that CypherPunks are living proof that
this invariably results in one shooting oneself in the foot, since
"We have met the enemy, and he is us!")
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where pornography is
outlawed, but freely available (so we can still get a vicarious thrill from it); where hate speech is prohibited, but Micro$haft
jokes are required (by law); where guns are freely available, but
they all shoot 'both' ways (meaning you have to really, really
want someone dead before you shoot them).
MYTH EXPOSURE WARNING!!!
  "Recidivism" is the natural impulse of us all, not just the
officially recognized criminals amoung us.
  I broke out of prison, once. In order to assure that 'they' could
not recapture me, I built a concrete fortress with high walls, and
I put armed guards in towers at the corners. I put locked, barred
doors on all the rooms, so that myself and my guests are safe. I
hired armed guards to patrol my fortress in order to maintain the
order and discipline needed to ensure eveyone's safety. I never
leave the comfort and safety of my fortress.
  Hence I am now assured that they will never take me back to prison.
  Well, it looks like I was right about this being a pretty lame,
meaningless missive.
  I think I'll spend the rest of the day putting up "God's Canadian
Hate Speech Page" at:   After all, it's Sunday.
"And A Multiple Schizoid Personality Fracture To Be Named Later"
p.s. -
CORRECTION: The following should be followed by the following: "or vice-versa"
[I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed]
p.p.s. - Since I can only Blind CC: so many people at a time, and I
  am too fucking lazy to edit out the original Reply To: recipients,
  this will result in a number of duplicate spams going to those
  addresses.
  At the risk of sounding like a hypocrite who will use things she
  does not believe in to serve his own self-interest, I would like
  to remind the whiners out there that it would be a bad idea to
  complain to or seek retribution on me this close to the yearly
  visit of a certain Jolly Old Bearded Fat Man. (hint: not me--the
  old fart who prefers 'nice' girls, not 'naughty' ones)

@_date: 1997-12-08 00:20:54
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: It's Sunday... 
[It's early Sunday morning I'm having my first beer of the day  I've got a couple of hours to kill before the ball games begin
 Chances of this email being at all meaningful are mighty slim
 I'm sending it to everyone in my address book, nonetheless
 I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed And all without saying "Fuck Christmas"  Damn! I just said it...]
Secret Squirrel cracked open his left nut, and out came
the following Colonel of wisdom:
  After spending what might be considered an inordinate amount of
time seeking an ISP which will allow me to put a picture on my web site of Bill Gates blowing me and fucking a Jew while I am naked,
I consider myself somewhat of an unofficial expert on freedom of
  To badly paraphrase Harry Browne, "You have a right to say whatever your mom and dad don't slap you silly (and send you to
bed without your supper) for saying."
INFANTILE JOKE ALERT!!!
  Little Johnny and little Billy come to the breakfast table.
  Mom says, "Little Johnny, what do you want for breakfast?"
  Little Johnny says, "I want a fucking bowl of cornflakes!"
  Mom slaps little Johnny silly and sends him to his room without breakfast. She then asks, "Little Billy, what do
_you_ want for breakfast?", giving him a stern warning look.
  Little Billy thinks for a second, and says, "Well, mom. You
can bet your sweet, fucking ass that I don't want a bowl of
  Hesse says, "We make our gods and do battle with them, and they
bless us." I say that the same applies to our devils and their
curses.   There is a reason why bartenders say, "Name your poison."
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where 'evil' things
like pornography and hate speech are outlawed. (Overlooking the
fact that we are guilty of disguised nakedness and also guilty
of hating hate speech.)
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where we are allowed
to carry guns to defend ourselves against those who would oppress
us. (Overlooking the fact that CypherPunks are living proof that
this invariably results in one shooting oneself in the foot, since
"We have met the enemy, and he is us!")
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where pornography is
outlawed, but freely available (so we can still get a vicarious thrill from it); where hate speech is prohibited, but Micro$haft
jokes are required (by law); where guns are freely available, but
they all shoot 'both' ways (meaning you have to really, really
want someone dead before you shoot them).
MYTH EXPOSURE WARNING!!!
  "Recidivism" is the natural impulse of us all, not just the
officially recognized criminals amoung us.
  I broke out of prison, once. In order to assure that 'they' could
not recapture me, I built a concrete fortress with high walls, and
I put armed guards in towers at the corners. I put locked, barred
doors on all the rooms, so that myself and my guests are safe. I
hired armed guards to patrol my fortress in order to maintain the
order and discipline needed to ensure eveyone's safety. I never
leave the comfort and safety of my fortress.
  Hence I am now assured that they will never take me back to prison.
  Well, it looks like I was right about this being a pretty lame,
meaningless missive.
  I think I'll spend the rest of the day putting up "God's Canadian
Hate Speech Page" at:   After all, it's Sunday.
"And A Multiple Schizoid Personality Fracture To Be Named Later"
p.s. -
CORRECTION: The following should be followed by the following: "or vice-versa"
[I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed]
p.p.s. - Since I can only Blind CC: so many people at a time, and I
  am too fucking lazy to edit out the original Reply To: recipients,
  this will result in a number of duplicate spams going to those
  addresses.
  At the risk of sounding like a hypocrite who will use things she
  does not believe in to serve his own self-interest, I would like
  to remind the whiners out there that it would be a bad idea to
  complain to or seek retribution on me this close to the yearly
  visit of a certain Jolly Old Bearded Fat Man. (hint: not me--the
  old fart who prefers 'nice' girls, not 'naughty' ones)

@_date: 1997-12-08 00:20:57
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: It's Sunday... 
[It's early Sunday morning I'm having my first beer of the day  I've got a couple of hours to kill before the ball games begin
 Chances of this email being at all meaningful are mighty slim
 I'm sending it to everyone in my address book, nonetheless
 I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed And all without saying "Fuck Christmas"  Damn! I just said it...]
Secret Squirrel cracked open his left nut, and out came
the following Colonel of wisdom:
  After spending what might be considered an inordinate amount of
time seeking an ISP which will allow me to put a picture on my web site of Bill Gates blowing me and fucking a Jew while I am naked,
I consider myself somewhat of an unofficial expert on freedom of
  To badly paraphrase Harry Browne, "You have a right to say whatever your mom and dad don't slap you silly (and send you to
bed without your supper) for saying."
INFANTILE JOKE ALERT!!!
  Little Johnny and little Billy come to the breakfast table.
  Mom says, "Little Johnny, what do you want for breakfast?"
  Little Johnny says, "I want a fucking bowl of cornflakes!"
  Mom slaps little Johnny silly and sends him to his room without breakfast. She then asks, "Little Billy, what do
_you_ want for breakfast?", giving him a stern warning look.
  Little Billy thinks for a second, and says, "Well, mom. You
can bet your sweet, fucking ass that I don't want a bowl of
  Hesse says, "We make our gods and do battle with them, and they
bless us." I say that the same applies to our devils and their
curses.   There is a reason why bartenders say, "Name your poison."
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where 'evil' things
like pornography and hate speech are outlawed. (Overlooking the
fact that we are guilty of disguised nakedness and also guilty
of hating hate speech.)
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where we are allowed
to carry guns to defend ourselves against those who would oppress
us. (Overlooking the fact that CypherPunks are living proof that
this invariably results in one shooting oneself in the foot, since
"We have met the enemy, and he is us!")
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where pornography is
outlawed, but freely available (so we can still get a vicarious thrill from it); where hate speech is prohibited, but Micro$haft
jokes are required (by law); where guns are freely available, but
they all shoot 'both' ways (meaning you have to really, really
want someone dead before you shoot them).
MYTH EXPOSURE WARNING!!!
  "Recidivism" is the natural impulse of us all, not just the
officially recognized criminals amoung us.
  I broke out of prison, once. In order to assure that 'they' could
not recapture me, I built a concrete fortress with high walls, and
I put armed guards in towers at the corners. I put locked, barred
doors on all the rooms, so that myself and my guests are safe. I
hired armed guards to patrol my fortress in order to maintain the
order and discipline needed to ensure eveyone's safety. I never
leave the comfort and safety of my fortress.
  Hence I am now assured that they will never take me back to prison.
  Well, it looks like I was right about this being a pretty lame,
meaningless missive.
  I think I'll spend the rest of the day putting up "God's Canadian
Hate Speech Page" at:   After all, it's Sunday.
"And A Multiple Schizoid Personality Fracture To Be Named Later"
p.s. -
CORRECTION: The following should be followed by the following: "or vice-versa"
[I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed]
p.p.s. - Since I can only Blind CC: so many people at a time, and I
  am too fucking lazy to edit out the original Reply To: recipients,
  this will result in a number of duplicate spams going to those
  addresses.
  At the risk of sounding like a hypocrite who will use things she
  does not believe in to serve his own self-interest, I would like
  to remind the whiners out there that it would be a bad idea to
  complain to or seek retribution on me this close to the yearly
  visit of a certain Jolly Old Bearded Fat Man. (hint: not me--the
  old fart who prefers 'nice' girls, not 'naughty' ones)

@_date: 1997-12-08 03:01:06
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: It's Sunday 
[It's early Sunday morning I'm having my first beer of the day  I've got a couple of hours to kill before the ball games begin
 Chances of this email being at all meaningful are mighty slim
 I'm sending it to everyone in my address book, nonetheless
 I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed And all without saying "Fuck Christmas"  Damn! I just said it...]
Secret Squirrel cracked open his left nut, and out came
the following Colonel of wisdom:
  After spending what might be considered an inordinate amount of
time seeking an ISP which will allow me to put a picture on my web site of Bill Gates blowing me and fucking a Jew while I am naked,
I consider myself somewhat of an unofficial expert on freedom of
  To badly paraphrase Harry Browne, "You have a right to say whatever your mom and dad don't slap you silly (and send you to
bed without your supper) for saying."
INFANTILE JOKE ALERT!!!
  Little Johnny and little Billy come to the breakfast table.
  Mom says, "Little Johnny, what do you want for breakfast?"
  Little Johnny says, "I want a fucking bowl of cornflakes!"
  Mom slaps little Johnny silly and sends him to his room without breakfast. She then asks, "Little Billy, what do
_you_ want for breakfast?", giving him a stern warning look.
  Little Billy thinks for a second, and says, "Well, mom. You
can bet your sweet, fucking ass that I don't want a bowl of
  Hesse says, "We make our gods and do battle with them, and they
bless us." I say that the same applies to our devils and their
curses.   There is a reason why bartenders say, "Name your poison."
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where 'evil' things
like pornography and hate speech are outlawed. (Overlooking the
fact that we are guilty of disguised nakedness and also guilty
of hating hate speech.)
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where we are allowed
to carry guns to defend ourselves against those who would oppress
us. (Overlooking the fact that CypherPunks are living proof that
this invariably results in one shooting oneself in the foot, since
"We have met the enemy, and he is us!")
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where pornography is
outlawed, but freely available (so we can still get a vicarious thrill from it); where hate speech is prohibited, but Micro$haft
jokes are required (by law); where guns are freely available, but
they all shoot 'both' ways (meaning you have to really, really
want someone dead before you shoot them).
MYTH EXPOSURE WARNING!!!
  "Recidivism" is the natural impulse of us all, not just the
officially recognized criminals amoung us.
  I broke out of prison, once. In order to assure that 'they' could
not recapture me, I built a concrete fortress with high walls, and
I put armed guards in towers at the corners. I put locked, barred
doors on all the rooms, so that myself and my guests are safe. I
hired armed guards to patrol my fortress in order to maintain the
order and discipline needed to ensure eveyone's safety. I never
leave the comfort and safety of my fortress.
  Hence I am now assured that they will never take me back to prison.
  Well, it looks like I was right about this being a pretty lame,
meaningless missive.
  I think I'll spend the rest of the day putting up "God's Canadian
Hate Speech Page" at:   After all, it's Sunday.
"And A Multiple Schizoid Personality Fracture To Be Named Later"
p.s. -
CORRECTION: The following should be followed by the following: "or vice-versa"
[I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed]
p.p.s. - Since I can only Blind CC: so many people at a time, and I
  am too fucking lazy to edit out the original Reply To: recipients,
  this will result in a number of duplicate spams going to those
  addresses.
  At the risk of sounding like a hypocrite who will use things she
  does not believe in to serve his own self-interest, I would like
  to remind the whiners out there that it would be a bad idea to
  complain to or seek retribution on me this close to the yearly
  visit of a certain Jolly Old Bearded Fat Man. (hint: not me--the
  old fart who prefers 'nice' girls, not 'naughty' ones)

@_date: 1997-12-08 03:06:59
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: It's Sunday... 
[It's early Sunday morning I'm having my first beer of the day  I've got a couple of hours to kill before the ball games begin
 Chances of this email being at all meaningful are mighty slim
 I'm sending it to everyone in my address book, nonetheless
 I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed And all without saying "Fuck Christmas"  Damn! I just said it...]
Secret Squirrel cracked open his left nut, and out came
the following Colonel of wisdom:
  After spending what might be considered an inordinate amount of
time seeking an ISP which will allow me to put a picture on my web site of Bill Gates blowing me and fucking a Jew while I am naked,
I consider myself somewhat of an unofficial expert on freedom of
  To badly paraphrase Harry Browne, "You have a right to say whatever your mom and dad don't slap you silly (and send you to
bed without your supper) for saying."
INFANTILE JOKE ALERT!!!
  Little Johnny and little Billy come to the breakfast table.
  Mom says, "Little Johnny, what do you want for breakfast?"
  Little Johnny says, "I want a fucking bowl of cornflakes!"
  Mom slaps little Johnny silly and sends him to his room without breakfast. She then asks, "Little Billy, what do
_you_ want for breakfast?", giving him a stern warning look.
  Little Billy thinks for a second, and says, "Well, mom. You
can bet your sweet, fucking ass that I don't want a bowl of
  Hesse says, "We make our gods and do battle with them, and they
bless us." I say that the same applies to our devils and their
curses.   There is a reason why bartenders say, "Name your poison."
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where 'evil' things
like pornography and hate speech are outlawed. (Overlooking the
fact that we are guilty of disguised nakedness and also guilty
of hating hate speech.)
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where we are allowed
to carry guns to defend ourselves against those who would oppress
us. (Overlooking the fact that CypherPunks are living proof that
this invariably results in one shooting oneself in the foot, since
"We have met the enemy, and he is us!")
  Some of us want to live in a "free" country where pornography is
outlawed, but freely available (so we can still get a vicarious thrill from it); where hate speech is prohibited, but Micro$haft
jokes are required (by law); where guns are freely available, but
they all shoot 'both' ways (meaning you have to really, really
want someone dead before you shoot them).
MYTH EXPOSURE WARNING!!!
  "Recidivism" is the natural impulse of us all, not just the
officially recognized criminals amoung us.
  I broke out of prison, once. In order to assure that 'they' could
not recapture me, I built a concrete fortress with high walls, and
I put armed guards in towers at the corners. I put locked, barred
doors on all the rooms, so that myself and my guests are safe. I
hired armed guards to patrol my fortress in order to maintain the
order and discipline needed to ensure eveyone's safety. I never
leave the comfort and safety of my fortress.
  Hence I am now assured that they will never take me back to prison.
  Well, it looks like I was right about this being a pretty lame,
meaningless missive.
  I think I'll spend the rest of the day putting up "God's Canadian
Hate Speech Page" at:   After all, it's Sunday.
"And A Multiple Schizoid Personality Fracture To Be Named Later"
p.s. -
CORRECTION: The following should be followed by the following: "or vice-versa"
[I guess it's my way of touching base once a year in order to
 let my friends know there is still a risk of my showing up on
 their doorstep unannounced, and to remind my enemies that they
 should quit procrastinating and get the scope on their sniper
 rifle fixed]
p.p.s. - Since I can only Blind CC: so many people at a time, and I
  am too fucking lazy to edit out the original Reply To: recipients,
  this will result in a number of duplicate spams going to those
  addresses.
  At the risk of sounding like a hypocrite who will use things she
  does not believe in to serve his own self-interest, I would like
  to remind the whiners out there that it would be a bad idea to
  complain to or seek retribution on me this close to the yearly
  visit of a certain Jolly Old Bearded Fat Man. (hint: not me--the
  old fart who prefers 'nice' girls, not 'naughty' ones)

@_date: 1997-12-09 00:48:51
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [Fwd: (Fwd) GILC on racism, Asian events, copyright, etc. (472 l (fwd)] 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 25202
URL:

@_date: 1997-07-18 16:39:43
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: court order required for keys? 
Most people don't realize that many of the so-called protections that
are in place to guard our constitutional rights and our privacy only apply to _use_ of the material in an _official_ proceeding, such as a
trial or hearing.
  Government, private agencies and corporations daily exchange all
of supposedly private information, often using court orders only to
_officially_ get portions of what they already had. It is no accident
that LEA's often get court orders asking only for access to certain
incriminating information (since they've already done the "fishing").
This is a tricky point in the bill, but notice that:
  Also, many of the wiretaps have already been in place when the
court orders are applied for. "Redating" of wiretap records is a
common and sophisticated part of LEA practice. NSA has a database
that is used to cull out wiretap references which are out of sync
with the purported time-stamp on records. It lists all worldwide
social and religious time-sequence indentifiers such as Easter, Hannuka, the running of the bulls, sports contests and playoffs,
etc.   Which they no doubt will do and apply for the court order after they
have found what they want. This will be even more effective than their
voice-wiretap methods have been because their will be no need to redate
the information they claim as being found after getting the court order
since files, unlike voices, linger.
  Which means it can be done _retroactively_ with a nod, a wink, and
a few simple strokes of a pen.
  S.909 quite simply butt-fucks the Constitution and the citizenry.
The shameless criminals on Capitol Hill of Manure no longer even
seriously pretend to be in the least concerned with Constitutional
issues. They think (and may be right) that they only have to chant
the "National Security" mantra a couple of times to absolve all of
their sins against the Constitution.

@_date: 1997-07-19 16:21:39
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Two Birds With One Stone / Re: Keepers of the keys 
It is much more likely that a federal agent, using Tim's escrowed key
to read his opinion of you, would whack you out and set Tim up for the
crime, thereby eliminating two troublesome birds with one stone.
  We are defenseless against them because they are working for the same
fucking governments that you want to give your crypto keys to.
  Key escrow is meant for fucking the little guy in the ass, not the
major players.
  Yeah, sure. I use an escrowed key to communicate about all of my
criminal activities, and I send the FBI a cc: on all of them.
  It sure would help if LEA's all had access to the American Reporter's
files so that they could censor any writing that might encite someone to
blow up San Franciso.
  Why don't you send them all of your writing for approval, Joe? If all
the people in favor of key escrow would allow the government total
to all of their communications, then the drop in crime would more than
make up for that commited by those who use encryption.
  If you can't afford to buy a clue, Joe, then try renting.

@_date: 1997-06-03 05:57:15
@_author: Lee Harvey McVeigh 
@_subject: We have our exits, and our entrances... 
...and one man, in his time, plays many parts.
To all my fans,
  I would like to thank you all for your support of our off-Broadway
production, even though it looks like we will be closing the show after
a short, eight-week run.
  Please don't shed any tears over the quick closing of the show, as the
production was put in the hands of the government from the very start with this end in mind.
  I would like to address the criticism of the actors who played my
defense team in the show by pointing out that their role was essentially
that of bit-players in the production, not that of supporting actors as
is usually the case in a production of this magnitude. This misunder-
standing has led to their being criticized for their low-key presence
when that is actually the role they were hired to play.
  There are also those who have heavily critqued the story-line of the
production as being unrealistic and I will address that issue.
  The actual event which caused the OKC tragedy was so bizarre that the
scriptwriters considered it too unbelievable to be dealt with in the final script.
  What happened was that a low-level government worker was doing an
inventory and accidentally opened the box containing the magic bullet
that killed JFK and wounded Gov. Connally. The bullet got loose and
destroyed the OKC Federal Building.
  The script writers determined that a much more believable story was
that I single-handedly performed the bombing on a day when all of the
BATF agents just happened to be out of the building. (It's true. They
were all in a bar down the street, working on the trial script.)
  I hope that you will all support me in my next role, in which I will
actually play the leading role, this time, and which we tentatively
plan to name, "Ernest Discovers Electricity."
Lee Harvey McVeigh
(.sig line left in by mistake)

@_date: 1997-06-03 08:19:46
@_author: Truth Monger 
@_subject: EPIC...Buy Guns! 
I just watched a Detroit news report on the paramilitary and how the
'regular' citizens would have no problem with the government's desire
to criminalize the existence of paramilitary group.
  A reporter expressed the view that the government is "hesitant" to
"strongarm" legislation that limits the constitutional rights of the
paramilitarists because they fear the "trouble" that would arise.
  Perhaps we should approach the Michigan Militia to represent us in
crypto issues involving government regulation.
  "Reasonable compromise" should refer to promising your opponent a
quick death.

@_date: 1997-06-25 06:51:00
@_author: TruthMailer 
@_subject: Child Pornography [JPEG] 
This email contains child pornography encrypted with strong
cryptography using the public key of a federal prisoner.
It is being sent via a chain of anonymous remailers using
strong cryptography to Senators, Congressmen, and Media.
It is originating from a hacked account which was protected
by weak encryption.
What can you do about it? Nothing!
You can pass legislation violating the constitutional rights
of millions of citizens to safeguard their privacy and freedom
of speech--laws against strong encryption--laws against using
anonymity in communications--laws against citizens putting
an anti-government cork in their butt-hole (Government Access
to Korks--GAK) but you can't stop myself and others from
routing around the damage you do to freedom and liberty.
Perhaps you can use the seized computer of the federal prisoner to decrypt the enclosed child pornography but
you will not be able to decrypt the stego hidden inside
this message which reveals my identity.
The reason for this is simple--the stego technology I am
using leaves the original graphics file unchanged. It is
a technology that law enforcement does not have access to.
There is an inner circle within society and the government
that does have access to the technology, however, and they
are using it to fight government and corporate fascism.
What can you do?
Pass another law--pass a law which imprisons anyone who
has a thought or technology which is inaccessible to the
scrutiny of government agencies.
"Everything not permitted is forbidden."
What can you do?
Take away all rights and freedoms--imprison everyone.
The constitutional rights and freedoms of the citizens have
been trashed under the pretext of protecting society from
drugs and pornography and numerous other horsemen of the
apocalypse, yet I can drive ten minutes in any direction
and find drugs to purchase and I can find and send pornography freely over a variety of medium.
For the record, I acquired the software used to encrypt
the enclosed child pornography from a foreign source while
the U.S. government is ineffectually stifling American
business in order to prevent tools of freedom and privacy from being universally available.

@_date: 1997-06-25 07:03:23
@_author: TruthMailer 
@_subject: Child Pornography [JPEG] 
This email contains child pornography encrypted with strong
cryptography using the public key of a federal prisoner.
It is being sent via a chain of anonymous remailers using
strong cryptography to Senators, Congressmen, and Media.
It is originating from a hacked account which was protected
by weak encryption.
What can you do about it? Nothing!
You can pass legislation violating the constitutional rights
of millions of citizens to safeguard their privacy and freedom
of speech--laws against strong encryption--laws against using
anonymity in communications--laws against citizens putting
an anti-government cork in their butt-hole (Government Access
to Korks--GAK) but you can't stop myself and others from
routing around the damage you do to freedom and liberty.
Perhaps you can use the seized computer of the federal prisoner to decrypt the enclosed child pornography but
you will not be able to decrypt the stego hidden inside
this message which reveals my identity.
The reason for this is simple--the stego technology I am
using leaves the original graphics file unchanged. It is
a technology that law enforcement does not have access to.
There is an inner circle within society and the government
that does have access to the technology, however, and they
are using it to fight government and corporate fascism.
What can you do?
Pass another law--pass a law which imprisons anyone who
has a thought or technology which is inaccessible to the
scrutiny of government agencies.
"Everything not permitted is forbidden."
What can you do?
Take away all rights and freedoms--imprison everyone.
The constitutional rights and freedoms of the citizens have
been trashed under the pretext of protecting society from
drugs and pornography and numerous other horsemen of the
apocalypse, yet I can drive ten minutes in any direction
and find drugs to purchase and I can find and send pornography freely over a variety of medium.
For the record, I acquired the software used to encrypt
the enclosed child pornography from a foreign source while
the U.S. government is ineffectually stifling American
business in order to prevent tools of freedom and privacy from being universally available.

@_date: 1997-05-05 13:48:27
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Full Strength Stronghold 2.0 Released Worldwide 
Tom Weinstein wrote on cryptography at c2.net:
{With Perry dripping Sameer's sperm from his mouth as his
C2Nut Jackboots soiled the message with the following:}
 [I felt I had to let this go through, but I would advise that those
 involved restrict themselves to calmer comments from here on...
  Crap seems to be such a violent, obscene word when used to describe C2Nut's bullshit. Good thing that the cryptography list
has Perry to protect the list subscribers from StrangleHold's
competition defending themselves from Sameer's self-serving
denigration of their products.
  Too bad C2Nut doesn't have a StrangleHold on the cypherpunks
list, as well. Then they could use censorship threats to make
us all be good little boys and girls, too.   I expect all PR statements to have a modicum of bullshit in
them and I resent any lame-fuck-would-be-Hitler trying to put
a lid on the response to that bullshit.
  The fact that StrangleHold seems to have so many things to
hide and such a strong need to control discussion of its product
indicates to me that perhaps their product cannot stand up to
the light of public scrutiny and criticsm.
  C2Nut's bottle-fed cryptography list may be fine for those who
are afraid to know too much about StrangleHold, but anyone who
owns a wetsuit needs to subscribe to the cypherpunks list for the good, old-fashioned pissing contests that send the pretenders
home with their tails between their legs.
  (Anyone hear from DataERetch lately?)

@_date: 1997-05-06 04:34:04
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Insults about Vulis 
Tim should try to keep in mind that his vision is limited
due to his generous use of self-censorship. Were it not so,
then he might be aware of more than a few people who regard
StrangleHold's empire with suspicion.
  I suppose that Mr. May regards Tom Weinstein, of Nut$crape, as
just another Vulis tenacle. Or perhaps Mr. Weinstein is in Tim's
  Of course, Tim lets us all know that once he has spoken from
upon high, that there is nothing more to be said in the matter.
  Perhaps Tim could ask Vulis, a programmer, to send him an
insultbot to compose his Vulissaults.
  Or perhaps he could take the time to scan all the list posts
and get a realistic view of list opinions and attitudes before
he speaks out.
  Or perhaps he could stop to think about how much criticism
of C2Nut's products is blunted by their censorship of other
lists and their gang of legal-eagle thugs.
  [Please note that "Blame it all on Vulis," a favorite cypherpunk
game, is not sold in stores.]
  Once again, Tim speaks of things of which he has, by his own
admission, little knowledge, since he claims to have only lightly
perused a precious few of the articles from this time period.
  Both John and Sandy stated that it was Sandy SameerFart who
approached John with the offer of moderation/censorship.
  Robert Hettinga belatedly proposed that it was he who
suggested the idea to Sandy (about the same time that Bob was
coming into some cash and reputation capital promoting C2Nut's
pet projects).
  While I anxiously await most of Mr. May's posts with eager
anticipation, I think it might be wise of him to consult the
archives regarding those things which transpired during his
absence from the list, before speaking out so strongly on
the issues involved (particularly if he is going to give the
impression that once he has spoken, there is nothing more
to be said).

@_date: 1997-05-11 11:31:35
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: War & InfoWar 
Of course, you have your own definintion of innocenent bystanders,
while others may have different definitions.
  Is someone who is in the military because of forced enscription at
the point of a gun (with threats of imprisonment if they refuse) an innocent bystander? When an invading force attacks your home, do you
only shoot back at those who are there willingly?
  How about those who willingly process and uphold the atrocities
which the government commits upon its citizens? (Those who don't turn
on the gas, but merely put them in the ovens {because the paperwork
all seemed to be in order}.)
  Were the children in the daycare center at the Federal Building
at OK city innocent bystanders?
  Then why, pray tell, did the government allow them to be placed
in a building which was known to be a prime target of anti-government
paramilitary idealists? Were they being used as a "shield" in the
hopes that their presence would protect the others? Or were they
there in order to provide sensational fodder for government response
to the inevitable?
  History bulges with examples of governments using their citizens
as human shields by placing armament factories in residential areas
and there are a multitude of other examples of government disregard
for the lives of their citizens.
  The government has prosecuted dozens of individuals for planning
to bomb the OK city Federal Building (including executed murderers).
It has long been listed as a target of choice for anti-government
paramilitarists. For the government to deny culpability in children
being present at the bombing reeks of hypocrisy.
  The fact of the matter is that the government has declared war
on the freedom and liberty of its citizens and passed draconian
laws which prevent citizens from defending themselves from government oppression. The government protects those participating
in its crimes from having to pay a price for their complicity.
  The government has a ruinous effect on the lives of millions
of its citizens daily and is responsible for a mountain of deaths
of "innocent people." Those taking part in the process should be
made aware that there is a price to pay for their actions.
  Should the Allied war against Nazi Germany have not taken place
because "innocent" lives would be lost? Should the French Freedom
fighters not have fought to free their country from occupation
because "innocent bystanders" would die in the process?
  Timothy McVeigh's position in history will likely belong in the
hands of the winner of the war between the government and its
citizens, but he is already considered a freedom fighter by more
people than the government would like to admit. He has issued a
wake-up call for those who think that they can remain nameless and faceless in their complicity with government atrocities.
  While I would have chosen a different approach and target for
an attack, I will not pass moral judgement on McVeigh's actions.
That is between himself and his conscience.
  Tim McVeigh at least had the fortitude to act on his outrage
over what he perceived as government injustice. What did others
do over the outrageous tragedy at Waco? Mostly they just turned
their heads away and tried to pretend that our government is not
a murderer of men, women and children.
  How many government employees quit in outrage, stating that
they would not take part in such atrocities? How many took a
vocal moral stand against their superiors, or exposed the
government duplicity involved in the police action?
  Nobody who turns their head is "innocent" and they cannot avoid
their own responsibility if they choose to place their children
in the line of fire as a result of their participation in crimes
against the citizens.
  Given the wide knowledge of the OK city Federal Building being
a known target of anti-government forces, I think the placing of
a daycare center there was the equivalent of military forces who
cowardly advance with women and children in front of them. (And
there are ample examples of this in history.)
  Those in government express outrage at the barbarity of an
individual citizen attacking his oppressors, but apparently are
not outraged enough to stop their oppression.
  The fact is that we have a police state whose power and abuse
of power are growing by leaps and bounds because there has been
no realistic amount of accountability attached to their actions.
  This is an unnatural state of affairs and one that human nature
will correct. When things become too far out of balance, then
the universal laws of nature correct the situation. I believe that
the dinosaurs learned this lesson, as well.

@_date: 1997-05-11 14:49:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: War & InfoWar 
Not necessarily. Free thinkers are perfectly capable of judging the
reasons behind those involved on both sides of a conflict, and making
an individual judgement as to the culpability of both parties.
  When a citizen shoots an intruder who is breaking into their house
and threatening their saftey, there will always be family members,
lawyers and anti-gun proponents who will decry the individual's use
of force to defend their home and person/family. There are others,
whoever, who will recognize that the perpetrator is the one who is
ultimately responsible for placing the homeowner in the position of
having a need to defend themself.
  Personally, if I need to worry about my life because my government's
actions makes them an actionable target of an increasing number of the
citizens, then I am going to take action to change the government.
  I do not deny anyone's right to suffer silently, but neither do I
deny an individual's right to strike out at the source of their
  If you have developed a method for waging war without ordinary
citizens coming into the line of fire, then I would like to hear about it. I don't like conflict any more than the next person, but
I do not see concession to the oppressor as a viable option just
because conflict will cause loss and heartache.
  Take a look at the results of the appeasement policy that Britain
had in regard to Hitler. It resulted in scores of deaths that could
have been prevented had those proposing it taken a firm stand that
supported freedom from tyranny.
  The fact is that Tim McVeigh is facing criminal charges for his
chosen actions, while the murderers at Waco are not.
  Until the average citizens demand the same justice for government
agents as is demanded of anti-government agents, the average John
or Jane Doe can expect to get caught in the crossfire.

@_date: 1997-05-11 15:18:01
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Vlad-smear blows himself... 
Get real. The Feds have attacks going on a dozen fronts on anything they support or oppose and they don't particularly care
if a bill is constitutional or not, as long as it achieves the
desired effect. They are happy as long as they can terrorize
enough citizens and businesses with threats of imprisonment to
move things in their desired direction.
  What a crock of shit! This is just another variation of "It's
not perfect, but it's the best sytem we've got." Why is it always
the oppressors who seem so enamored of the way the system works?
  If I thought Vlad-smear was not a paid government schill, then I
would assume he is a fucking idiot.
  I love to see how quickly "patriots" stop waving the red, white and
blue once the government's stick gets shoved up their own butt. Believe
it or not, Vlad-smear, there are individuals who fight against loss of
freedom and liberty even when it is someone else who is getting

@_date: 1997-05-13 13:14:37
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: `careerpunks' 
People go through life changes and often try on different types of
attire/lifestyles at various points along their time-line. Hopefully,
they gather a few viewpoints and ideals along the way which will stay
with them throughout the outward changes in their interests and
directions in life.
  Doubtlessly, the cypherpunks list has sown many seeds of free thought
which are growing in different ways throughout the cryptography industry. If enough of these seeds have sprouted successfully then
there us always the possibility that the discussions on this list will
play a part in a modicum of free thought being a part of the process
by which future corporate decisions are made.
  Once one's consciousness (and conscience) has been exposed to a variety of viewpoints and influences it is harder to dismiss the views
of others out-of-hand.
  Immersing oneself in a narrower technological arena of crypto interest
such as is provided on the coderpunks and cryptography list is no doubt
beneficial to increased crypto-technical expertise. For those who choose
to retain their soul in the process, the cypherpunks list serves as an
island of anarchy in which the tendency to merge into corporate robot-
icism can be countered.

@_date: 1997-05-16 14:35:27
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Just Say "No" to Congress 
Horseshit. That's no different from saying that anyone who
disbelieves in the authority of armed robbers yet gives them
their wallet is a hypocrite.
  Do you actually put any thought into your posts?

@_date: 1997-05-16 16:58:02
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: I Treat All My Enemies Equally 
Blanc, taking on the million monkeys repeatedly typing,
  What I see being expressed is not so much a lack of concern for
those caught up unwittingly in the war between the government and
its citizens as it is a debate over the comparative level of guilt
or responsibility that the warring factions should bear for the
end results of their actions.
  There has also been some debate as to the right of an individual
to make decisions which will affect the lives of those who will be
involved only by happenstance.
  Blanc brings up an excellent point; namely, that those who choose
to take drastic action risk striking out randomly and maliciously at
everybody if they do not consider the nature of their target and
the amount of risk to peripheral participants in the event.
  From all accounts, McVeigh's actions were purposeful and directed
at a target which he deemed suited to his purpose. Whether one
agrees or disagrees with the perceived "innocent" body count will
probably play a large amount in their support or non-support of
his actions.
  This is the way it is in all conflicts. Part of the current reason
for the widespread disillusionment with government and the resulting
animosity towards our rulers is the fact that those in the middle of
the government's war on freedom and privacy don't see themselves as
being involved in a war until it affects them personally.
  When those in the middle have their lives affected by those who
take countermeasures against the government, then their view of his
actions will be affected by whether or not they have had their car
confiscated for possession of a single joint, or whether or not they
are facing imprisonment for plugging a parking meter.
  Some of those who lost loved ones in the OKC bombing are involved
in fighting the government to have a *real* investigation into what
happened. No doubt some of them will come out of the whole process
with much more disgust for the government than for McVeigh.
  It's good to see that you've given this some thought. It is important
to personalize one's thoughts and actions in order to keep from getting
caught up in the mass-hysteria that surrounds such issues.
  History has recorded many instances of people who had to decide if
could attack a building that contained friends, compatriots, or loved
ones in furtherance of their purpose. (Or make the decision to place
themself inside an area targeted by their own cause.)
  While I would defend McVeigh from those who dismiss his actions out of
hand, with no thought of the culpability of the government and the
average citizen, I downloaded pictures of some of the children who were
maimed by the OKC bombing and I use them to avoid forgetting that there
is personal tragedy involved in such an action.
  The fact remains that the more the government violates the freedom
and privacy of their citizens, then the more the citizens will strike
back in their own chosen way.
  The final tragedy of the OKC bombing is the lack of reckoning demanded
by the citizens of their government for the growing disdain of the
of the citizens that has led to so many feeling disenfranchised by their
  Nobody is voting for disenfranchisement; nobody is voting to have
privacy invaded and their freedom violated; nobody is voting to have the
government take their money and enrich those in power. Yet still, the
onslaught of government control and intrusion into every area of our
lives continues.
  Blanc makes some excellent points about the average citizen being
caught in a ping-pong crossfire in the conflict between government
and anti-government forces. However, as I said, this is in the nature
of conflict and the citizen's best option may be to make a daily effort to resist the government oppression, no matter how small it
may seem in any instance.
  To borrow an analogy from another thread, if the government spams
enough cypherpunks with a few Kilobytes here and there, they will
eventually raise the ire of a Rick Osborne enough that he will
send them back a few Gigabytes in return. And if Ross Wright's
computer gets caught in the crossfire...

@_date: 1997-05-21 18:58:04
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The Bell Plan 
After reading this news article and a variety of posts on the
list (especially by Tim May and Paul Bradley), I have decided that I
in good conscence allow Jim Bell's persecution for exercising his basic
human right to free speech to pass by without taking personal action to
support him.
  "Then they came for the CypherPunks, and nobody spoke up..."
                                       - Jonathan
  Accordingly, I am hereby starting a thread on the cypherpunks list
to discuss "the possibility of putting the fibers down the air vents of a federal building" to kill its computers, and the feasability
of using other methods to accomplish the same end.
  If Jim Bell is guilty of the charges against him, then I am already
guilty of the same types of charges, as are many other cypherpunks.
I undoubtedly have some of the same files/posts on my computer as
the ones that the government will use as proof of Jim Bell's guilt.
  My action in this regard is for the purpose of protesting the
governments persecution of its citizens, Jim Bell specifically,
and to act to counter the benefits that they expect to gain by
doing so.
(CypherPunk Translation~~"I'm pissing in the government's face.")
  In keeping with what I see as a cypherpunk frame of mind, I am
posting this via an anonymous remailer, but I am also digitally signing it. I am not hiding my identity, but merely taking action to prevent my public statement from being used to unjustly
persecute me.
  In effect, I am telling the U.S. government that in exercising
one of my basic human rights I feel it is necessary to protect
myself legally from the government persecution of its citizens.
  I am also telling them that I will not "go quietly into the
night" in the face of censorship, loss of privacy, and oppression.
I will "route around" the "damage" that the government's policies
and legislation cause, doing so in a non-violent manner.   (Hopefully, but not realistically, they will recognize that
if they manage to block all means for me to non-violently
route around the abrogation of my rights as a free human being,
that my only alternatives will be conflict or enslavement.)
  Anyway, in thinking about the possibilities surrounding the
introduction of carbon fibers into a federal building, my first
thought was in regard to whether or not carbon fibers are
actually known to cause damage to hard drives.
  Does anyone know where this idea comes from and whether it
has any known basis in fact? If there is some basis for
believing it to be a possibility, then it would not take much
effort to test it out. One could get an old computer for a
petty sum and use it to test the results of introducing the
fibers through the power supply.
TruthMonger "They will get my cryptography when they pry it from my
cold, dead algorithms."
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 5.0 beta
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-05-21 23:30:36
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Rogue Key Warning 
The PGP public key included with the file for identification
purposes has a verifying signature that can corrupt your PGP 5.0
keyring file if you use the "Get Selected Key" option to get
that particular verifying key and add it to your keyring. It crashes the program.
  The offending key shows up as "Unavailable, 0xFC3568CD" in
the PGP 5.0 list of verifying signatures for the key.
  The key included in the file causes no problems with the program
when added to the keyring as long as you don't use the program to
retreive the offending verification key and add it to your keyring.

@_date: 1997-05-22 17:46:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The Natives Are Getting Restless 
Second only to Miss Piggy among deep thinkers, Mrs.
Wiggs, the one with the cabbage patch, said this: "In the
mud and scum of things ... Something always always
  I am grateful that there is at least one female on the list who
is capable of stepping into the middle of the "Dick Wars" on the
list and reminding the men that the "targets" they talk about have names, faces, and children.
  I am aware that there is a human cost inherent in every conflict,
and I accept that it will always be so, but I cannot accept the
idea that one can leave their conscience clear by "criminalizing"
their target and discounting their target's humanity.
  I am an anarchist and a realist. If I had a button that would
nuke D.C., I might well push it--but I am also a thinking, feeling
human, and I would cry a river of tears, as well. When I estimate
a "body count", I never fail to count the children.
  Blanc's aim is true when she speaks of the growth of reactionary
posts to the list which fail to include a foundation of creative
thought.   Anyone can return fire when attacked and turn the situation into
a firefight where a random volley of ammo decides the outcome of
the battle. However, a good squad leader already has his defences
in place to deal rationally with situations that can easily be
forseen before they arise.
  When "they" come for your neighbor today, will you be surprised
when they come for _you_ tomorrow? When I first heard of Jim Bell's
arrest I began composing a reply to Hallam-Baker's coming post. It
may be vocal and emotionally charged, but it is not done solely
out of blind reactionism.
  God bless Blanc.
TruthMonger -96

@_date: 1997-11-03 08:52:17
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Speech as co-conspiring? I don't think so. 
If you are short on reputation capital, I could lend you some.

@_date: 1997-11-04 00:35:46
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: FUD Trivia -- Sex, Bells, 'a'nd...  / [Fwd: Sampler: November 3]Sampler: November 3 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 667
URL:

@_date: 1997-11-04 06:10:39
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Why Jodi Hoffman must be called a 'Dumb Cunt' and told to 'Go Fuck Yourself' at all costs, by TruthMonger 
Having Tourette Syndrome can sometimes be a burden, particularly when
one goes through a long period where their obscene outbursts are serving
no particular purpose. So it is refreshing when I come across situations
where all of those huddled masses of naughty words, struggling to be
free, can be expressed in a meaningful manner, thus living a productive
life instead of being just wasted.
  Rookie...
  Don't let the door hit you in the ass on your way out.
  Why do I get the feeling that this Dumb Cunt (TM) has 'all of the
answers' for society and everyone in it, and is about to share them with us?
  Well, if she expects us to listen to the divine wisdom of her
words from the mount, I guess she had better explain to us how we
are just dirt under her feet, so that we will realize we need to
listen and learn from her.
  The shame! The shame!
  Typo...*should* read "Only a moron knows..."
  That's right...you ask AND answer the questions, and we'll just sit here and shut the fuck up.
  Does "numerous attempts at convincing" translate to "expressed an
opinion I disagreed with?"
  Good idea to make vague, unsubstantiated claims in this area. If you
provided sources and references, someone might be able to throw them
back in your face and laugh at you for being an ignorant sack of shit,
using self-serving 'studies' to support untenable logic.
  Protecting? Hell, I strive to share them with as many people as
possible.   Uuhhh...you've got a 'study' to not-quote on this theory too, eh?
  This makes even less sense than the last sentence. Are you trying
to communicate propaganda that you don't fully understand?
  Perhaps you should just stick to slogans and sound-bytes, rather than trying to turn strings of disparate sentences into paragraphs.
  Are you positive this quote isn't from Eisenhower, in regard to the
American public educational system?
  Are you sure this wasn't Nixon, taling about Vietnam and Democracy?
  Alright! Party time!
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  It sounds like the Dumb Cunt (TM) is suggesting that the former Soviet
Union would have been a better place to raise our kids.
  Yep, go to any high school and all the boys talk about is going over
to the maternity wing of the hospital and porking the little sluts as
they exit the womb. Honest! There are _studies_ that show this!
 > RULE FOR REVOLUTION      CONTROL THE MASS MEDIA
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  It is unconscienable for the mass media to hold traditional values up to scorn, and mock Ra, Isis, and the many, many gods who were born
of a virgin and died and rose after three days, the last of which was...
hang on, his name is on the tip of my tongue...Jesus!
  Remember: left wing values =/= decency and morality
  Is the Dumb Cunt telling us that the Moral Majority, which would
by definition be the "prevailing order of the day," are a bunch of
queer, violent aborionists with contempt for parental authority?
I _thought_ there was something weird about those fuckers.
  Those were non-Christian 'impartial' observers and study managers,
right?  > RULE FOR REVOLUTION      ENCOURAGE PUBLIC INDIFFERENCE
  Hold it!
  OK, continue...
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  This is the communists doing this, again, right? Flouridated water,
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  If the Dumb Cunt (TM) and her right-wing bum-buddies would quit
opposing environmental concerns, animal-rights, sodomy and dozens of other Neoliberal causes, then there wouldn't be all of that bickering now, would there?   The TruthMonger of the fact is, the problem is that the "real issues
of importance" *_ARE_* the subject of "concrete action" by those who
have decided that their own conservative values should be legislated
into governmental existence in the interests of punishing and imprisoning those with different values.
  I've never seen anyone imprisoned for _not_ smoking a joint.
  Think about _that_ you Ignorant Nazi Bitch!
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  The Bibles were removed from the schools by the white Christian
kids barricaded inside, thowing the Bibles at the niggers, as they
tried to enter the school buildings. While waiting for the Bibles
to be replaced the students had nothing left to read but the
Constitution, and realized that the Bibles shouldn't have been
there in the first place.
  I would like to remind the Dumb Cunt that there are no laws
prohibiting her children from bowing and praying toward Mecca
three times a day, and it would probably do them some good.
  The rest of the points above merely serve to illustrate that
conservatives can't handle good acid, and should probably stick
to booze.
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  I agree with the Dumb Cunt (TM) on this point. We need to fuck
away our money on billions and billions of dollars of nuclear arms,
weapons, surveillance equipment, secret agents and assassins, etc.
  A decent and moral society can only be ensured by buying 10,000
toilet seats for the Pentagon.
  (Jesus. You _really_are_ a Dumb Cunt (TM), aren't you?)
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  The Dumb Cunt (TM) is beginning to degenerate into drooling and
meaningless generalizations which make little sense.
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  I guess it was a mistake for the Dumb Cunt (TM) and her right-wing
bum-buddies to join the left-wing sodomy artists in electing so
goddamn many Communist gun-snatchers to political office.
  I think we ought to give Hinkley his gun back, as soon as another Republican is elected President.
 > RULES FOR REVOLUTION  AND     UNDERMINE THE ARMED FORCES
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  And all of the good soldiers, like Tim McVeigh, end up leaving.
THE TRUTHMONGERING VERNACULAR TRANSLATION AND CRITIQUE:
  Vladimir Lenin's best friend in the whole, wide world, is the Dumb
Cunt (TM) and her Nazi Christian bum-buddies.   The Godless Communists and the Nazi Christians could trade their
brochures and just interchange the words  "Commie" and "Christian."
  I wish I had a penny for every Dumb Cunt (TM) and Stupid Prick (TM)
who spent the majority of their time promoting the very same beliefs
as those they claim to oppose, the only difference being that their
'solution' is the MLM promoting of a 'god' with a different name,
or a 'flag' with a different 'hang time.'
  Why does it not come as a surprise that this Dumb Cunt Nazi Christian
Bitch (TM) is hiding behind 'the children,' hoping that it will prevent
her from being a target of reprisal for the bullshit she is flinging
at others?
Why doesn't someone shoot this Dumb Cunt Nazi Christian Bitch?
If it saves the life of just one child...

@_date: 1997-11-04 06:27:35
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: I Hold These Truths To Be Self-Evident 
BASIC TRUTHS
Everyone has a photographic memory.  Some don't have film. A day without sunshine is like, night.
Diplomacy is saying "nice doggy " until you find a rock. Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Back up my hard drive? How do I put it in reverse?
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory. When the chips are down, the buffalo is empty.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it. Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't. I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe. He's not dead, he's electroencephalographically challenged.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you.
I wonder how much deeper would the ocean be without sponges.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular? Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization. He who laughs last, thinks slowest.

@_date: 1997-11-04 09:22:01
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Why Jodi Hoffman must be called a 'Dumb Cunt' and told to 'Go Fuck Yourself' at all costs, by TruthMonger 
So you approve of my therapeutic self-abuse during email exchanges?
Looks like internet communication *does* help people to put aside
their differences and reach a common ground.
  On the CypherPunks list, the going rate is $.02
  It's OK, I won't tell anyone you killed Jesus.
  Only from your pictures on the 'Amateur Action' web site.
  I am happy that you are able to find joy and increased self-esteem in imputing specific motives and emotives to the mad ramblings of an
obviously raving fucking lunatic, such as myself.
  Like yourself, I have very little idea of just what it was you were really trying to express in _your_ rambling semi-coherent missive,
and, the truth be known, I was just trying to make small talk while
trying to work up the courage to ask you if you were wearing any
panties, but I chickened out when I remembered what a savage beating
Cynthia Brown (a girl cypherpunk) gave me when I asked her.
  Thanks for replying to my email. It's the first one I ever got.
Everyone else just ignores me. Go figure...

@_date: 1997-11-04 09:34:05
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Higher Horses / Re: Why porn must be stopped at all costs, by Jodi Hoffman 
Why bother, when there are so many people already willing to do
it for you?
  That's it! The answer is 'Higher Horses'!!!
  Beware of Christians bearing facts...
  Is that 'regular' choice, 'voluntary-mandatory' choice, or
a new type of choice which is currently being developed in
secret underground labs by reptilian Nazis?
  Higher 'Trojan' Horses...yeah!...

@_date: 1997-11-04 11:41:23
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Why porn must be stopped at all costs, by Jodi Hoffman 
Close, but no cigar...
Actually, life is a pyramid scheme, people exist to provide fodder for
MLM marketing ventures, and I have 'dibs' on the last living tree.

@_date: 1997-11-05 11:21:30
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Why Jodi Hoffman must be called a 'Dumb Cunt' and told to 'Go Fuck Yourself' at all costs, by TruthMonger 
I am *really* Rabid Wombat...spam me unmercifully!

@_date: 1997-11-05 11:25:33
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [SURVEY try again] pgp5.x / pgp2.x users 
Yeah...you got a problem with that?
  And if I _don't_?
  Yeah. They sent it back and told me to fuck off.
  6.0. I'm from the future.
  Hey, pal. Quit ordering me around!
  Yes,  but it's under _your_ name.
  I put it on using their root account. They need better security
  None, really. I usually just babble incoherently.
  None. Do you think that is maybe why no one ever replies?
  How the fuck would I know if they never write (Adam) back?
  Like, I'm _sleeping_ with everyone I write to? How long till I
get to the 'smart' questions?
  Only the guy in the next cell.
  Only the ones promoting it in anonymous posts to the list.
  That's more apprecitation than the Warden ever expressed.

@_date: 1997-11-06 01:11:25
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: New Remailer - palnu@juno.com 
Try looking at some dirty pictures while you do it...

@_date: 1997-11-06 06:19:50
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [Fwd: Horsemen]Horsemen 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 4688
URL:

@_date: 1997-11-08 08:55:59
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Return of the Living Zundel, from The Netly News 
Zundel's web site contains pointers to the sites of those who disagree
with him. The Holocaust promotion web sites, however, contain pointers
only to sites which are in agreement with their views.
  e.g. - At Zundel's site:
  Thus, the Canadian Human Rights Commission's primary goal seems to
be to limit Canadian's access to infomation to only that which is in
alignment with the goals of those holding the reins of power.

@_date: 1997-11-09 13:13:39
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Cop Nation / Re: E-Peso's for tractors - McCaffrey on banking 
Is it my imagination, or can the above be loosely translated as,
"_Everyone_ is a suspect!"   "I turned in my best customer, and all I got was this lousy T-shirt!"
  Looks like we're going to need some additional snitches in that
area. I wonder if the grade-school narc-trainers are going to advise
the children to go through their parent's finiancial statements while
they are searching for the parent's bag of pot.
  Perhaps those who fail to graduate from high-school can get a GED
later in life by turning in their spouse's parents to John Law.
  Can't get that promotion at the bank because the position requires an MBA? Ratting out your customers (guilty or not--and *you* are keeping the books) can get you valuable college credits.
   ...but failed to mention if there was a 'down-side' as well.
  Which provides funding for a large number of secret government
agencies.   The alternative is to risk being indicted as a co-conspirator in your
customer's crimes.
  That reminds me...I bought a glass of lemonade from a neighborhood
kid's sidewalk stand today. I'd better go rat her out to the Treasury
Department and the DEA, so that when they show up on my doorstep they
will have a T-shirt for me, instead of handcuffs.

@_date: 1997-11-10 23:27:44
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Judge's First InterNet Decision!!! 
Anon-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
A SIMPLE CHEMICAL CAN KEEP YOU ERECT!!!
     When the New England Journal of Medicine reported that the cause of most cases of male impotence was tied to the body's failure to produce enough of a simple chemical, our research team immediately went to work.  And, while other researchers were getting congratulations for discovering the cause of the important male problem, we developed a product that could be capable of restoring a man's performance and self-confidence.
     The researchers found a shortage of this chemical would keep a man from performing his sexual activities at a normal level.  For an erection to occur, a rapid increase of blood flow must enter the penis, causing the vessels to enlarge in diameter.  The results will be an erection which can be maintained.  Without sufficient amounts of this chemical, the penis is unable to get and stay erect.  FORMULA 41 lets your body increase its production of this sexually vital chemical.  With FORMULA 41 you are able to achieve peak performance every time.  The results will astound you.  Even if you're not one of the 30 million men diagnosed with some form of impotence, you will be able to reach new heights of sexual performance and potency with FORMULA 41.
     FORMULA 41 is the one product that is finally able to deliver and provide help for men who suffer from inadequate sexual      Try FORMULA 41 today.  All you stand to lose is the uncertainty and disappointment of inadequate erections and unsatisfactory sexual    THE ANSWER TO A MAN'S MOST IMPORTANT PROBLEM IS HERE.
                      UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTEE
FORMULA 41 has been clinically and customer tested for 100% effectiveness and safety for impotency, and lack of sexual fulfillment.  It should work for you.  However, if, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with this product just return the unused portion or empty bottle along with proof of purchase within 60 days for a full refund of your purchase price.
To Order FORMULA 41, please mail to:
     Order Dept.
     PO Box 1242
     Snellville, Ga 30278-1242
Enclosed is my check or money order for $__________, Payable to NCS.
City, State Zip_______________________________________
Description                     Price           How Many
Two Month Supply                $54.95      ________ Three Month Supply      $69.95      ________
One Month Supply                $34.95      ________                                                 Sub Total
                                                    Postage &                                                           Handling   Srfsm                                                                                             Total

@_date: 1997-11-11 03:45:03
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: New WorldCom Order 
Re: WorldCom-MCI Merger
Internet access rates? It might raise them.
Indirectly, it could increase the cost of doing business for Internet Access Providers, or ISPs. WorldCom would now own a large part of the Internet backbone. All ISPs pay fees to connect to the backbone. Sprint would be rates for ISPs, which would be passed along to Internet consumers. Sidenote: To those kind and not-so-kind souls who took the time
  to inform me that my WorldCom prediction was ludicrous, because
  of the fact that MCI already had a done-deal in the bag with
  British TeleCom...
  Tthhhppptttoooee!

@_date: 1997-11-12 10:24:13
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: "Lynch mob mentality" at Senate violent music hearing 
This illustrates *exactly* why maintaining freedom from censorship
on the InterNet is vitally important to help preserve what is left of
democracy in America.
  No matter what stance you take on this or that issue, one of the chief
underlying issues of democracy is the opportunity to have your voice
heard, or be heard via a balanced mix of representative voices.
  The citizen's right to _participate_ in democracy is denied even when
those who oppose them have their voices stifled.
  The strong shout out and/or silence the weak in the Halls of Power in America, and what is reported to the citizens by the mainstream
media is a dilution of this already aldulterated product of our
power-mongering politicians.
  None of us is likely to hear a desciption or report on this meeting
that is as accurate or comprehensive as that provided by Nina Crowley,
via Declan McCullagh, in the media's thirty second sound-bytes.
  Even more in-depth portrayals of the proceedings by the media still
inevitably reflect what those in power have put in the public media display-case. Those in power use manipulation, secrecy, and 'National
Security' to keep the citizens from learning the proverbial 'rest of
the story' long enough for them to retire with their reputations and their fortunes intact.
  Last week came the 'news' that Richard Nixon was an active and
knowing participant in the Watergate crimes. _News_? Give me a
  The reality is that the InterNet is a media which currently allows
us to listen to the voices that were stifled by the power-mongers,
if we choose to do so. As well, we can listen to another voice in
a following post that explains why Nina Crowley is a drug-dealing,
terrorist pedophile.
  No doubt there are those ready and willing to 'save' us all from
Ms. Crowley's erronious facts/opinions, as well as those who are
equally ready and willing to 'save' us from those of her detractors.
  If we allow our 'saviours' to throw as many concrete lifesavers
to us on the InterNet as we have allowed those in government and society to do, to date, it won't be long until there is nothing
left to save.
  The 'Tree of Liberty' has a lot of branches, and I, for one, do
not plan to hang alone. I've got a rope, too...

@_date: 1997-11-12 10:25:52
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Washington Post on dangers of self-censorship for the Net 
On the InterNet the patterns will be Global, which means the censors
will have to act Globally (United Nations / New World Order), divide up the international pie into geopolitical slices, or a combination of
  The InterNet and TV are not going to be separate entities for very
long, and the same applies to phones, faxes, etc.
  As a Canadian, I am 'allowed' to see bare tits on TV, even in prime
time on News Channel shows such as 'Fashion File.' I am not, however,
allowed to express hate toward coloreds, kikes, ragheads, wagon burners,
or left-handed people in general, on the InterNet. As an American, the
situation seems to be reversed.
  In the globalization of the combined media, it seems logical to assume
that the result will be either _both_ of the above being 'allowed,' or
_neither_ of them being 'allowed.' We can expect that the inanities and
injustices which take place on a regional basis, at present, will be
taking place on a global basis, in the future, with the Jackboots of
fascist censorship being wielded in bizarre and random ways.
  If a person in Utah (?) can be prosecuted for a child in another state
accessing material that is consided 'illegal' a thousand miles away,
then everyone who puts a picture of a female with her ankles showing
on the InterNet can potentially be prosecuted by Iraq. (In reality,
only our Iranian allies, not our Iraquian enemies, would be allowed
to exercise this 'right.')
  Anyone who disputes the above possibility should ask themselves if
they have more oil than Iran. History contains manifold examples of
the citizens being nothing more than pawns in the rulers games of
power and wealth.
  (Hell, the government doesn't even give a fat rat's ass about the
   medical problems of the citizens who went overseas to defend our
   source of foreign oil.)
 >    The administration, after coming to grief over its dogged support
  In preparation for the justice system to point out that 'everbody
that you and I are criminals.
  "We don't want to 'take' your guns, we just want to 'register' them,
your protection."
  We have fallen for the "taking your freedom, privacy and rights away
your own protection--an inch at a time" scam time and time again. If we
allow it to be done on the InterNet, it will be for the _last_ time.
  We are now dealing with GLOBAL rights and freedoms. This is very
to understand! We are not talking about our rights as an American, our
freedom as a Canadian, our privacy as an African. We are talking about
our rights and freedoms as a human being!   Translation~~"How dare you call it Jackboot Fascism if we promise only
to kick you if you don't comply?"
  The self-restraint should be applied by the children and their
Try defending yourself in any court of law by claiming that the fault
lies with others for not restraining you from breaking into their house
while they were gone, from not having better theft-protection for their
  How have we come to the point where a burglar can sue you for falling
down your basement steps? How have we come to the point where a cop can
arrest you for sleeping in your car instead of driving drunk? How have
we come to the point where someone a thousand miles away can purposely
access your personal web site in order to have you imprisoned for
doing something which is perfectly legal in your physical location,
and many others?
  The bottom line is that censorship and fascism are going Global, in
all its forms, and this will only result in our falling under an ever
increasing multitude of laws, regulations, prohibitions and taboos.
  Whenever something is allowed in one physical space and prohibited
in another, the chances are that the merger/interaction of those
spaces will result in prohibition, or restriction (followed by
  This time the fight is Global. It is for ALL of the marbles!
  As always, 'they' only want Austria...'they' only want the dangerous
guns...'they' only want the Jews...'they' only want to prohibit nude
pictures of people under the age of 16...18...20...50...100.
  'They' only want to take away the freedoms and rights of the 'bad' people. Are you going to allow them to do that, indiscriminately,
without a fight, because _you_ are not one of the 'bad' people...today?
  You don't live in Austria, you don't own guns, you are not Jewish
and you have no nude pictures, so you are safe...for now.
  However, if your ankles are showing, or your head is uncovered...
  'They' are going to think regionally, and act globally. Count on it!

@_date: 1997-11-12 14:00:34
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Here Come De' UN Train... / Re: UN Conference - Limits on Internet speech [CNN] 
Any guesses as to how many microseconds it is going to take the
censors in the US to start waving the United Nations flag when they
realize the advantage of having the World Press join them in castigating
'bad' Americans for their 'bad' behavior?
  We may have to ban freedom of speech (for starters), but "If it saves
the life of just one goat-herder's child in Lower Slobovia..."
  Does everyone remember voluntary-mandatory "Drive 55?"
  "You don't _have_ to make it a law in your state, but then you won't
get back the extra money we take from your state's citizens in order to
to hold it hostage for their state's 'bad behavior.'"
  Anyone ever have the paymaster tell them that an extra 10% of their
paycheck was being held, but you could have it if you kissed his ass?
I bet if you think long enough, you can come up with a parallel (and
*real*) example in your life.
  These same workplace and government squeezes will apply equally to
the burdgeoning global marketplace/economy.
  (Once Canada rules WebWorld, I expect everyone to be in compliance
   with my rule of International behavior which requires everyone
   to wear parkas during 'our' winter.)
  Where's the broad who found the dirty picture/brain damage study for
Dime to a dollar, she's enroute to the UN building, even as we type.
  I just finished raising/razing this issue in another post (perhaps
one of my devilishly clever 'other brother, Anonymous' personas) only to
find that I have, once again, been outflanked by an attack from the real
world, where what I am using my psychic powers to predict is already
taking place.
  An earlier post by Tim eloquently stated what most of us probably
already know, but were hoping no one would mention, so that we could
pretend that it's all going to be OK, as long as daddy tucks us in
and leaves the nightlite on...the ever-nefarious 'they' are dumping
it faster than we can shovel it.
  (And if we shovel faster, they will raise our taxes, so that they
   can buy more dump trucks, and we can buy fewer shovels.)
PLATITUDE ALERT!!! "Just when I started winning the rat race, they brought in faster rats."
  Sorry, but there is just so much happening, on so many fronts, that
brain lock is setting in and I will soon be reduced to responding to
important issues only with a blank stare and bad cliches.
  I agree with Tim (whether he said yet it, or not) that the 'feared'
is quickly becoming the 'undeniable.' The speed and volume of the 'openly blatant' lies and increasingly recognizable 'hidden agendas'
is reaching a point where I am tempted to show my Crayola Conspiracy
Charts (TM) to the normal folks down at the bar and see if they
finally start nodding their heads, instead of laughing riotously.
  It's damn near like a good horror movie, where the nice people are
all still laughing and drinking champagne, but the darkly disturbing
cello sounds in the background are being emmitted with increasing
frequency, like the growing birth pains of the bewildered lady
who is about to give birth to the CypherPunk From Hell.
  ("We plan to name the baby Dimitri, if it's a boy, and Kent, if     it's a girl. )
  Ever hear of Trade Wars? What if your business counts on your email
being received promptly businesses in Sweden, where the government,
or their own ISP, is threatening to do source blocking unless your
employee takes down his 'Swedish Jokes' web site?
  I lived in a Ukranian town where everyone told Polish jokes. I moved
to a Polish town and the same jokes were Ukrainian jokes. Nobody shot
one another over it, and anyone offended would likely get an apology.
  Now, it may well be that I or you could be imprisoned for telling
what now probably qualifies as 'hate speech' in Canada, Land of the
Strong and the Free (but not free to tell 'racist' jokes...or own
a handgun...or...ad infinitum).
  I used to tell a joke about the Ukrainian renting an outhouse for
$300/month, and getting a good deal, because he could rent the
'basement' out to a Swede for $150. Now, even though I have some
Swedish blood coursing through my veins, I would still be a criminal for posting it on my web site.
  I can envision finding myself in the same position as Arlo Guthrie
in Alice's Restaurant, telling my fellow inmates, murderers, rapists,
and armed robbers, every one, that I'm doing time for the literary
equivalent of littering.   "Yeah man, I'm doing a deuce for Swedish jokes."
  Fucking hilarious, ain't I? Almost as funny as the woman in Tucson
who owned an everyday photography/art store, and got busted and had her business shut down and searched because she had a cute picture of
her naked baby boy playing with a rubber chicken.
  I have no doubt that there are equally scary real-life examples of
the same thing in regard to Canada's hate laws. Maybe even a Swedish
joke bust or two.
  Perhaps I am ranting but, to tell the truth, I find the 'little'
examples of daily fascist censorship/insanity every bit as scary as
the big, important things discussed on the list, such as the UN
moves toward putting an end to behavior that is 'bad' according to
International standards. Maybe even _more_ scary, because the examples
of Bob, who lives down the road, and Alice, who works as a cypherpunks
theories model for C2Net, bring the New World Order a step closer to
home when we hear their doors being kicked in.
  We are like the chickens in the henhouse, who have learned to live
with the occassional midnight raid by the fox who has, thus far,
never ventured to our end of the roost. However, things have gotten
to the point where there are more foxes and fewer chickens, and
many of us have begun nervously counting the number of chickens
left between us and the foxes. (Not that we wish them any harm...)
  Maybe, if we remain quiet and still, not making any aggressive
moves, the foxes won't...
  Right!
  Yes, and that is why 'stiffer penalties' will be required in order
to enforce the rules against 'bad' behavior.
  Everyone who thinks that the Fascists will surrender because it is
just too damn much work to oppress the Free without the proper tools,
Do Not Pass Go, Do Not Collect Your Daily Government Ration of Rice.
  Show me the legislation proposing to require parents to accept
responsibility for purchasing available software to protect their
children, or give up the right to whine and bitch about what their
children choose to access on the WWW.
  Show me the government funds being diverted from weapons programs
to encourage the development of software which will allow blocking
by choice, without infringing on the right of others to enjoy their
choice of visiting the sites others block.
  In every imaginable corner of government and society, the battle
cry of the Fascist Censors has been, "More laws...stiffer penalties
...more prisons."
  Now the Foxes are making loud proclaimations about how they have
no intention of eating the free-range InterNet Chickens. As a matter
of fact, they have every aim of helping us to build henhouses, for
our own protection...
  Excuse me, but I have to go buy a varmint gun...

@_date: 1997-11-12 18:39:39
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: FREE PSYCHOANLYSIS NIGHT ON THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST!!! / Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Since Dr. Crispin, like old Doc Hettinga, is making claims of being
able to recognize the subtle nuances of the psychological states of
other list members (patient May, in particular), I wonder if Kent is
equally adept at spotting the subtle psychological inferences in a
previous post.
  I agree with Tim (whether he said yet it, or not) that the 'feared'
is quickly becoming the 'undeniable.' The speed and volume of the 'openly blatant' lies and increasingly recognizable 'hidden agendas'
is reaching a point where I am tempted to show my Crayola Conspiracy
Charts (TM) to the normal folks down at the bar and see if they
finally start nodding their heads, instead of laughing riotously.
  It's damn near like a good horror movie, where the nice people are
all still laughing and drinking champagne, but the darkly disturbing
cello sounds in the background are being emmitted with increasing
frequency, like the growing birth pains of the bewildered lady
who is about to give birth to the CypherPunk From Hell.
  ("We plan to name the baby Dimitri, if it's a boy, and Kent, if     it's a girl. )
(Subtle Hint: PENIS ENVY! PENIS ENVY!)
TOnight...the Band! / TOmorrow...the Dog!
~~                    ~~

@_date: 1997-11-13 07:30:03
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Incoming!!! 
Anon-To: whitehouse.gov
Dear Bad BillyC,
  Realizing that a plethora of death-threats were undoubtedly sent your
way through the Georgia Cracker remailer even before the ink on Andy's
computer screen had dried (only two of them were from me--I'm beginning to like you), I thought I would dash off a quick note to you, hopefully arriving before you send the National Park Janitors SWAT Team out to Bob  and Andy's cities of residence in order to raze them to the ground.
  Outwardly, I am a fool and a cynic, but inwardly, I am a fool and a
secret believer in Truth, Democracy and the American Way (TM).
(God, the Flag, Mom's Apple Pie, "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington"...)
  Although I am a member of a CryptoAnarchist non-organization which
requires all of its non-members to have "NUKE DC" tattooed on their
foreheads in invisible ink (paranoid enough , nonetheless. to make certain it is covered by our cleverly designed aluminum foil hats),
I still have a small ember of hope burning deep inside that perhaps
there is still someone within the belly of the Great Beast (that
consumes the souls of all elected officials) who remains capable of
reading the Declaration of Independence, the Bill of Rights, and
the Constitution, and saying, "My God, what have we done!"
  The Anonymous Remailers are a public service provided by those who
believe that "_mostly_ free speech" =/= "free speech."
  The anonymous remailer operators are willing to risk abuse, loss
of ISP service, prosecution, and a host of other headaches in order
to provide a mechanism by which those who fear retribution for
speaking freely can raise their voice anonymously, just as our
country's founding fathers did.
  No matter how eloquent the speech of those who claim that words
spoken by free men must be stifled if they are 'dangerous' to the
goals of democracy, national security, etc., the fact remains that
if the citizens are not allowed full freedom of speech, then there
is no democracy to defend, and no nation worth securing.
  Nothing personal, but if you have your hand resting on the Big Red Button and still feel the need to call out the militia every
time someone tells you to "Beware the Ides of March.", then maybe
you ought to lift weights, or something, and see if you can't
raise your level of confidence in your physical security.
  Has no one in DC ever heard the phrase, "Sticks and stones will
break my bones...?" Never seen Kato, in "The Pink Panther?"
  Personally, I think that you should institute National Death
Threat Week, where everyone is encouraged to send death threats
in one form or another to their legislative representatives,
employers, workers, family, neighbors, et al. Why? Because I
don't believe that the first indication of a 'problem' should
be seeing the muzzle flash and, if one is lucky, hearing the
  The Founding Fathers did not write the Constitution 'off the cuff.' They did not fail to consider someone shouting "Fire!" in
a crowded theater. They were aware of the existence of words
such as "nigger" and "cocksucker." Yet they still wrote that
the right to free speech should not be abridged.
  Figure it out...
  What has democracy come to when quoting those who wrote our
country's defining documents has become a cause for being labeled a fanatic, radical terrorist/pedophile/drug-dealer (and a Horseman
To Be Named Later)?
  Why does it take me half a day to find copies of the Bill of
Rights, the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence when
searching government web sites, but only a few minutes to find
by searching the sites of those declared by the government to
be guilty of uttering 'dangerous' free speech?
  I know that it can be just as thankless being President as it
can being an anonymous remailer operator, so you, above all,
should recognize that they are trying to keep the alligators off
their ass while still remembering to drain the swamp.
  I have no doubt that there are several hundred laws that you or
others could use to force the Georgia Cracker remailer operators
to block anonymous email to whitehouse.gov, but I hope that you
realize the value, in your position, of having at least one forum
where people can communicate with you at a level that goes beyond
ass kissing, fear of retribution, etc.
My final offering of wisdom: Have "NUKE DC!" tattooed on your forehead.
  I have no doubt that this would create a groundswell of popular
support for you that would result in the citizens storming Congress
to have you declared "President For Life." Then you could have some
*real* fun, without worrying about political fallout.
("Did I say 'inhale'? I meant 'exhale'! Hee...hee...")
Your pal,
"It's not FUD until *I* say it's FUD!"

@_date: 1997-11-13 09:41:48
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Cancer Cure Foung! / Re: FTC, Canada, Mexico officials launch "health claim surf day" 
I have just discovered that shouting "Fuck the FTC!" at the top of
your lungs a half-dozen times cures cancer.
Look for the details soon, on my website.

@_date: 1997-11-13 12:47:48
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
Do people actually listen to the CDT and give them money, or do they
just give them money?
  Every time I have read one of the CDT's releases, I have to shake my
head and read it again in order to make certain it not is some kind of
spoof by a semi-retarded government spook. The releases are ofen not
even consistent within themselves, let alone when compared to their
other press releases and the claims of their employees in emails.
  I keep reading variations of "We're fighting for peace, and fucking
for virginity!" or some such nonsensical crap.
  Invariably, after the dust has settled, and the CDT embarks on some
new campaign, I look at their new releases, or the email of their
employees, and I see them claiming all kinds of things which I remember
as being the complete opposite of their claim.
  The last two times this happened, I checked the archives myself, but
this time I am going to just take the word of the other hundred people
who post to say that the CDT is full of lying, fraudulent fucks.
  Is it really that easy to make bucks in the 'Defenders of Freedom'
marketplace? Maybe I need to start an organization to save the rest
of you poor, pathetic creatures on the list from [Your Cause Here].
  What are the high-dollar buzzwords, these days? Liberal, Democracy,
Freedom? How about 'Free-Dumb' to get a little cash coming in from
slow Republicans, too?
  What is *really* scary is the thought that the people who give money
to the CDT probably vote, too.

@_date: 1997-11-14 05:29:19
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: CDT: The Recycling / Re: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
...   Has anyone noticed that the cycles of CDT intrusions into the
CypherPunks list occurs with about the same frequency as the phone
calls from the aluminum siding salesmen who call us in their search
for old people with huddled life savings, struggling to be free?
  The underlying concept is the same. Once they stretch their scam
a little too far, and get run out of town, the perpetrators move on
to fresh territory. When they run out of new areas to run their scam,
then they begin re-working old territory, starting with the areas
where their targets are likely to have forgotten the details of their
last scam.
  CDT should take a lesson from the aluminum siding salesmen, and change their name when they start a fresh round of scamming.  ("No ma''m, we're the CD'T&A'. No connection to those scumbag, lying
ratfuckers that suck the dicks of the Fascist powermongers. No...that was _another_ Jonah Seiger. I am trying to atone for his sins against my name by offering you a special deal on a revolutionary new product
called VaporSiding."
  Right...
  What list subscribers need to understand is that the CDT recognizes
the need to compromise on important issues, so that 'reasonable' people
like themselves are not unjustly linked with terrorists like Tim May,
who threaten the lives of judges four or five times a day.
 (Which we know, because Little Bobby Hettinga has been pointing his
  finger at Tim eighty times per post, reminding us of Tim's death
  threats against the OKC bombing judge, who Tim plans to slaughter
  at 4 p.m. next Thursday.)
  Tim May, JUDGE KILLER, sent a post to the list that quoted the
passage that Louis F. Hettinga has been misrepresenting, only to
have LFH and other list members (some of who should know better)
continue to recycle/respond-to this misrepresentation of CONVICTED
JUDGE MURDERER Tim May's words.
  Naturally, 'reasonable' organizations, such as the CDT, will need
to distance themselves from CONVICTED JUDGE MURDERERS AND RAPISTS
like Tim May, in order to get at the life savings of increasingly
senile supporters, and be listened to seriously by those with whom
they are seeking to compromise our freedom and privacy as a good-
faith gesture to those who would frown on the CDT supporting those
freedoms and privacies for even CONVICTED JUDGE MURDERING, RAPIST
PEDOPHILE, DRUG-DEALING TERRORISTS such as Tim May.
  My respose to the CDT is thus: "Beat it, guys. The Electronic Fraud
Foundation is working this side of the street. The Georgia Cracker
remailer operators tried cutting our action on this list, but they quickly found that you can't type with broken fingers."
"It's not VaporSiding until *I* say it's VaporSiding!"

@_date: 1997-11-14 05:59:33
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Hey, pal. If you're going to attack Tim May on this list, you'd better
be ready to back it up with some ASCII Art graphics.
  I tried to tell my fellow CypherPunks that it was a mistake to include that racist, white supremacist cypherpunks-j list in with the other CDR lists, but they still let those slant-eyed white
supremacists join our Mary band, skirts and all.
  As opposed to promoting the wearing of "Shoot Me First!" T-shirts
to bed, in support of no-knock, black-clad government Ninja's?
  You must have had your hands over your ears if you missed the
cheering, whistling, hooting and cat-calls by _some_ of the
list subscribers over the OKC wake-up call issued by some unknown
person, in response to the government slaughter of men, women and
children at Waco.
  I believe that the original purpose of the list was to piss off
people such as yourself. I imagine that individual list subscribers
all have their own concept of what the "original purpose" of the
list was, even if they only subscribed yesterday, like yourself.
  Sure, change the subject and attack _me_, now! (Did I forget to
announce the results of the vote taken last night at the Coal Dust
Saloon in Bienfait, Saskatchewan?)

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:36:36
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Anon-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did earlier?

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:37:28
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Yeah, but you can do anything with statistics... / WAS: Troublemaking Bleeding Heart Liberals 
* In July, a group of lawyers and state legislators petitioned the
Illinois Supreme Court to halt all executions immediately and
appoint a commission to study why, in the 20 years since the state
reinstituted the death penalty, more death row convicts have been
subsequently been found innocent and freed (9) than have been
executed (8). To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:40:07
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: A Leaner's as good as a Ringer! / WAS: Asleep on Crime 
* In June, the Court of Appeal in London, England, turned down
Thomas Moringiello's challenge to his fraud conviction and 18-
month prison sentence.  Although Moringiello was able to prove
that Judge Richard Hamilton had slept through portions of the
testimony at trial the year before, the higher court said Moringiello
was not harmed because Hamilton still was able to give a summary
of the case for the jury's deliberation. To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:42:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: TWA FLIGHT 800 (Subject matter - Terrorism) 
Isn't CNN that wonderful source of news that recently brought us
the startling revelation that Richard Nixon really was a criminal?
  Next Week on CNN: Vietnam was a WAR, not a Police Action!
  Why does the FBI slap a gag order on witnesses who report facts
of what they have seen? To suppress the facts, obviously.
  What do the Nixon tapes now contain that they didn't contain at the time his criminality was being denied, he was being officially
pardoned, and there was an attempt to rehabilitate his public image?   Nothing!
  Now that the Official Explaination (TM) of the TWA affair has
turned out according to the Official Script (TM), I guess we have to
wait twenty or thirty years to find out exactly what information about the TWA affair is being suppressed.
  Until then, the government is once again our best friend, protecting
us from facts we do not need to know. Surprise, surprise!
         ______________________________________

@_date: 1997-11-14 17:05:29
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Victory for Microbroadcasting 
The federal war against Microbroadcasting should be studied by all
InfoWarriors who plan to shed their ElectroBlood defending the coming
attacks against MicroWeb free speech.
The Intenet Content Coalition (ICC) made a cheap grab at trying to form
a corporate FCC to put the InterNet media-power brokering in the hands
of those who already rule the roost overseen by the FCC. (Eliminating
the middle-man, so to speak.)
The fact of the matter is, the mainstream media is not going to have
a lot of trouble herding the majority of the sheeple into their feeding
pens, given the power, money and position that they already have, so
it is a bit tacky for them to have made an attempt to put themselves
in a position to 'enforce' standards favorable to themselves.
The difference between MicroBroadcasting and the MicroWeb/WebRings
that are being independently formed, is that MicroBroadcasting is
trying to get back what was stolen, and those on the InterNet are
trying to keep from getting what we already have, stolen in the
           JUDGE WILKEN DENIES FCC MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGEMENT!!!
        National Lawyers Guild Committee on Democratic Communications
                    558 Capp Street, San Francisco 94110
                            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                 COURT REJECTS FCC's CONSTITUTIONAL CATCH 22
     United States District Court Judge Claudia Wilken has rejected
     another attempt by the Federal Communications Commission to
     silence Berkeley Micro Radio Broadcaster Stephen Dunifer, founder
     of Free Radio Berkeley.
     In a 13 page opinion released on November 12, 1997, Judge Wilken
     once again rejected the government's motion for an injunction to
     silence micro radio broadcasts by local radio pioneer Stephen
     Dunifer.
     In 1995, Judge Wilken rejected the government's first motion for a
     preliminary injunction against Dunifer's broadcasts. At that time
     the Court found merit in Dunifer's argument that the FCC's ban on
     low power, affordable FM broadcasting was a violation of the First
     Amendment's guarantee of free speech to all in the United States.
     In a blatant attempt to avoid facing its First Amendment
     obligations the FCC then urged Wilken to permanently enjoin
     Dunifer from Broadcasting and at the same time argued that she
     could not even consider the issue of whether its rules, which
     prevent him from getting a license, are unconstitutional. In a
     Kafkaesqe argument, the Commission argued that Wilken had
     jurisdiction to issue an injunction, but no jurisdiction to hear
     Dunifer's constitutional arguments. The government claimed that
     only the higher federal courts could consider the constitutional
     question.
     In her November 12 decision rejecting the Government's position,
     Judge Wilken pointed to the fact that the FCC had taken exactly
     the opposite position in the 1994 case of Dougan vs FCC. In that
     case, an Arizona micro radio broadcaster had appealed an FCC fine
     (for broadcasting without a license) to the 9th Circuit Federal
     Court of Appeal, and the FCC had argued that the Court of Appeal
     had no jurisdiction over the case, and that it had to be heard by
     the District Court. The Court of Appeals agreed with the FCC and
     sent the case back to the District Court.
     Judge Wilken noted that the Arizona broadcaster had raised the
     same constitutional arguments in the Court of Appeals that Dunifer
     is raising. The Court ruled that in sending all of the issues in
     the Arizona case to the District Court, the Appeals Court
     recognized that the District Court had jurisdiction over all
     aspects of the case.
     In denying the Government's motion for an injunction "without
     prejudice," Judge Wilken ordered the Government to file a further
     brief on the question of whether the unconstitutionality of the
     FCC's ban on micro radio is a valid legal defense to an injunction
     against broadcasting at low power without a license. Dunifer's
     attorneys, Louis Hiken and Allen Hopper of San Francisco, will
     have an opportunity to rebut the government's arguments on this
     point.
     In response to pressure from the commercial broadcaster's lobby,
     the National Association of Broadcasters (N.A.B.), the FCC has in
     recent months been stepping up its campaign of harassment against
     the thousands of micro radio stations now on the air in this
     country. Hiken commented "The broadcast industry is clearly afraid
     of these little community stations which are speaking truth to its
     power. In trying to do the N.A.B.s bidding, the FCC demonstrates
     that it is nothing but an enforcement arm of the commercial
     broadcast industry and the multi-national corporations which own
     it."
     The National Lawyers Guild's Committee on Democratic
     Communications has represented the Lawyers Guild, San Francisco's
     Media Alliance, and the Women's International News Gathering
     Services as a "Friend of the Court" (Amicus) in this case. In its
     Friend of the Court brief the Lawyers Guild pointed out that FCC
     regulations make it impossible for all but the very wealthy to
     even apply for a broadcast license. This, they told the Court, is
     the equivalent of saying anyone could speak from a soap box in the
     park, but the box had to be made of gold. Guild attorney Peter
     Franck commented "In an era when Disney owns ABC, the world's
     largest defense contractor owns NBC and CNN merges with Time which
     merges with Warner, and when 'public' broadcasting is told to get
     its money from corporations, micro radio may be our last best hope
     for democracy on the air ways." He continued "Judge Wilken's
     decision is a courageous rejection of the Government's attempt to
     use a legal Catch-22 to avoid facing the fact that its ban on
     micro radio flies in the face of the Constitution."
     The legal team representing Dunifer and the Amicae are very
     pleased with Judge Wilken's reasoned and thorough decision denying
     the FCC's motion to have the case resolved without a trial on the
     merits. For almost 70 years, the FCC has catered solely to the
     interests of commercial corporate giants, through their
     mouthpiece, the National Association of Broadcasters. These are
     the pirates, who have stolen the airwaves from the American
     people, and who represent corporate interests valued at more than
     60 billion dollars. Only the Pentagon, the Silicon Valley and the
     transportation industries possess the financial wallop represented
     by the NAB and its constituents.
     Judge Wilken's decision represents a vision of what it would be
     like for the American people to be given back their own voice. The
     decision suggests the likely unconstitutionality of the entire
     regulatory structure underlying the FCC's ban on low power radio.
     It forewarns of the total failure of that agency to carry out its
     statutory obligation to regulate the airwaves in the public
     interest -- that is, in the interest of the American people,
     rather than the media monopolies that control our airwaves.
     The legal team welcomes the opportunity to have a court identify
     the real pirates of the airwaves -- not the thousands of
     microradio broadcasters who seek to communicate with the people of
     their communities, but rather the billionaire commercial interests
     that control the airwaves as if they own them. Is it General
     Electric, Westinghouse and the Disney Corporation that have the
     right to control local community radio, or is that a right that
     belongs to all of the American people, regardless of economic
     status?
     FOR MORE INFORMATION, CONTACT:
     Peter Franck, Counsel for Amicus
     415-415-995-5055
     pfranck at hbmvr.com (days)
     pfranck at a.crl.com(evs, wknds)
          Alan Korn, Counsel for Amicus
     415-362-5700
     aakorn at igc.org
     Stephen Dunifer, Free Radio Berkeley
     415-644-3779
     frbspd at crl.com
          Louis Hiken
     Counsel for Stephen Dunifer
     415-575-3220
     hiken at igc.org
          Allen Hopper
     Counsel for Stephen Dunifer
     415-575-3222
     lazlo at igc.org
     TO STEPHEN DUNIFER/FREE RADIO BERKELEY INFORMATION PAGE
TO FREE RADIO BERKELEY LEGAL BATTLE PAGE
TO NATIONAL LAWYERS GUILD INFORMATION PAGE
TO THE OFFICIAL NATIONAL LAWYERS GUILD WEB SITE
TO NLG COMMITTEE ON DEMOCRATIC COMMUNICATIONS PAGE
TO FREE RADIO BERKELEY WEB SITE
BACK TO LAW OFFICES AT 368 HAYES STREET

@_date: 1997-11-15 09:14:47
@_author: TruthMailer 
@_subject: Ataka Dorn 
Anonymous screamed:
  Are you preparing this testimony for the trial, or for the press?
I'd be more than happy to kick in some leftover plutonium for you to
plant in Tim's home, if you plan on setting him up after I've finished
my...uuhhh...home project.
  Most of the "poison" seems to be coming from Tim's detractors, chief
of whom is yourself, at present. Why don't you try limiting yourself
to 10,000 words of ranting and finger-pointing for every "Nuke DC"
statment Tim makes?
  Please give the rest of us credit for being self-willed individuals
who are perfectly capable of promoting our own brand of sickening
violence, rather than just going along with the suggestions that
Tim makes in our late-night secret meetings where we discuss the
our plans for the overthrow of anarchy in the world.
  As Robert Hettinga stated in a previous post, I think that your
constant rants about innocent childen betray some kind of sick fixation on them. Please try to keep your hands away from your
private body parts when thinking about them. That might help.
  Boy, now I'm having problems keeping my hands away from _my_ private
parts. Back in a minute...
...   You seem to be the one both pumping most of the sewage and doing
most of the wallowing in it. Of course, you're just groping around
in it looking for 'bad' people, aren't you? It's not like you get
cheap, vicarious thrills dwelling on these kinds of topics.
  When you testify in court, or give your interviews to the press,
remember to keep your hands tucked in your armpits. Folding them
together on your lap might prove to be too much of a temptation.
  BTW, thanks for those pictures of Princess Di's death scene that
you sent me. Great closeups!

@_date: 1997-11-15 17:37:43
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism 
Jesus H. Fucking Christ!
I'm beginning to doubt if anyone participating in this thread knows
what the fuck racism even is...or what humor is, either, for that
  Racism is a bunch of idiots who think that pissing on someone who
_may_ be of a differnet ethinic origin, in a pissing contest, is racism.
  Humor is listening to you idiots piss all over each other while
Nonookie Masturbatshi, or whatever the fuck Hoshito Hotmail's alias is,
sits back pulling his or her pud (I noticed all you sexists assume
the anonymous poster is a 'male') laughing like a banshee.
  I wish I had a dime for every dipshit who has given me crap over the
years treating [your politically correct word for 'colored folks' here]
and [your politically correct word for 'cripples' here] like everyone
else, instead of bending over backwards to treat them 'special' by
kissing their ass, or pretending they aren't different from me.
  Well, when a spic, nigger, wop, kike, raghead, slant or wagon burner
is broken down on the side of the road on a dark and stormy night, I'm
the fucking one out there getting cold and wet helping them out, while
all of the politically correct types lock their doors while driving
by at 60 mph.
  I put out Country Porno albums that are sexist, racist, and contain
plenty of violence and obscenity. I've sold them to both sexes, all
races, pacifists and anal-retentives. I've sang "There's no niggers
left in Oakland, babe, and all my lies are true." for 2,000 midnight
black people in Nairobi, Kenya, and for the crowd passing the bottle
around in front of the Greyhound station in the heart of Oakland.
I've sung "Butt-fuck me Jesus, through the bedposts of life." in the
heart of the Bible Belt, and "I ate my dog last night." to a roomful
of Vietnamese. And I usually get standing ovations, except when the
boys and girls down at the Greyhound station aren't in any condition
to stand.
  I played up on White Bear Reserve a few weeks back, and when my fans
asked me how I liked their reservation, I told them it was real nice,
but that there were too fucking many Indians there. I'm sure if there
was some round-eyed, foreign-devil white-bread asshole listening in,
I would have gotten a lecture on racism.
  What the fuck is wrong with the dweebs who have nothing better to
do than run around trying to make political hay (and big bucks)
whining about Cleveland Indian fans doing the tomahawk-chop, and
Mr. Magoo knocking stuff over?
  I knew the guy in New York who started the campaign to clothe
horses and other animals so that their dicks were covered. He thought
it was a hoot, but he had people that were ready to kill for the
cause. I can hardly wait until we are all subject to imprisonment
for calling ducks web-footed, instead of 'digitaly enjoined,' or some
such crapola.
  Why the fuck is everybody on the list fighting Masturbatshi's battles
for him when she doesn't seem to feel the need to do so itself?
  NEWS FLASH!!!
  You're all fighting your own inner demons. I didn't hear Nonooke
crying out for your help.
  "In reality, we talk only to ourselves, but sometimes we talk loud
enough that others may hear us."
- Kahil Gibran
  I've smoked crack with blacks, niggers and black-afro americans. When
I talk loud enough for them to hear me, I try to be courteous enough to
fit my choice of words to the environment and/or their preference. Except when I'm having a bad no-hair between my teeth day.
  I used to play in Austin with a Japanese kid who did Hank Williams
songs and I laughed my ass off at him. When I sang "I got a feering
carred the bruise." in a Vietnamese karokee bar, everyone laughed their ass off at me.
  MAJOR HINT: "We're here for a good time, not a long time, so have a
good time, the sun doesn't shine every day."
  I may be wearing oversized shoes and have a red bulb on my nose, but
you fuckers are hilarious.
Former President,
   Pearl Harbor Computers
"We've been bombed since 1941."

@_date: 1997-11-15 18:26:08
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: What Joichi *meant* to say was... 
Jesus! Is *everyone* working for the fucking CDT spin-doctors, now?
  "I take back my remark where I insinuated that Japs are slant-eyed
gooks who smell bad, so I'm not *really* a racist...
  "And by this time tomorrow, I will *never* have said it at all."
  I wouldn't be so quick to call all racists stupid...remember, we
can't be sure that was really Hitler's body they found, and people
who set out to conquer the world don't usually take kindly to being
called stupid.
  Is it National Paint With A Wide Brush Day?
  Did I miss the announcement?   If all racists are stupid, are all liberals queer? Are we still working that old, tired game?
  Is it my imagination, or is the rapid decline of the quality of posts
to the list in the last few days a direct result of the ignorant and
emotional posts by those complaining about the decline in the quality
of the posts to the list?
  Can you say, "Self-fulfilling prophecy?"...sure, you can...
"I'm always right, and I never lie."  - Richard Whitehouse Nixon

@_date: 1997-11-15 20:07:27
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: True Identities of Monty Cantsin and Anonymous Exposed!!! 
The Virtual Girlfriend and Virtual Boyfriend are artificial
intelligence programs for your IBM PC or compatible and also for MACINTOSH. You can watch them, talk to them, ask them questions, tell them secrets, and relate with them.  Watch them as you ask them to take off different
and guide them through many different activities. Watch and participate
the hottest sexual activities available on computer, including: several
sexual positions, using many unique toys, even bringing in multiple
This is no doubt one of the most realistic, sexually stimulating
games available. They will remember your name, birthday, your likes and
dislikes. Every time you start the program, they say different things,
act differently. Each time, they have a different personality. With the
digital graphics, The Virtual Girlfriend and Virtual Boyfriend software
some of the hottest, sexiest graphics out there.  And with a
Soundblaster or
compatible card, you can actually hear their voice as they talk to you.
is the first adult software title that was designed for both
heterosexual and
homosexual people. I would like you to try the actual full copy out
before it
is put on the market.  It will be sold for 1/5 of the actual price
until I can get back some information on what people think of the
program.  Please give it a try and write back any comments.      Thank you.
    If you are interested and would like to order a copy, then you can
the mailing instructions below.  It comes in an unmarked package and is
out at most 4 days after the order is received. You are not put on any
mailing lists whatsoever, guaranteed. It will run on any 386, 486 or
higher, and 100% IBM compatibles.  Required is VGA graphics, and a hard drive.  The sound card is optional. Macintosh requires at least 4 meg of ram.  Virtual Girlfriend and Virtual Boyfriend are artificial intelligence
programs, meaning they are completely interactive. It would be just like
you were talking to someone.  You can actually have simple
conversations.  Their attitudes change with the different things you say, so you can say
things that will upset them, and then say things that will please them.
more you play/talk with them, the more you learn what they can do, and
what they like to do. It really is a blast.  With all these movies coming out
about virtual reality, it's amazing to actually have a virtual reality
program like this for your own computer. It's easy to install, and
instructions are easy
to follow.       ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Special Software Offer~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This is to inform you about the new adult game that VCS Magazine
rated "The best game of "97".  "The Search for Paradise is no doubt one of the greatest XXX adult games available".  The first games where it is
as much fun as it is a turn on!  Travel the world to every continent,
country you can think of, and meet some of the most beautiful women in
existence.  These women will treat you like a king and obey your every
command.  Any sexual wish you can think of, these women know it all.  There is a different paradise for every guy out there, and this game
have them all.  This game uses real models, digital video, and digital
to make it as realistic as possible.  You will feel like you're in the
as the girl you're talking to!!!
          As an added bonus you'll receive "Club Celebrity X"
     Meet, talk to and even have your way with the celebrities of your
     Imagine being in a club with some very beautiful, well known,
     celebrities! You have seen these girls on T.V., Magazines and
     Now they are on your computer begging for action.  This game is hot
once you
     start playing, you won't be able to stop!!!
~Required: 386 or better, 4 meg ram or better, Windows 3.1 or higher
is fine), sound card is optional, Rom is optional.  (Game is given
CD-rom or compressed 3.5" diskettes).~~$19.95!
                            Order now and get everything for just
At your request, the programs can come with a password protection
that only allows the program to run when the correct password is
entered.                                    (You must be 18 or over to purchase)
Please fill out the following form and mail it to the address above.  (Feel free to write out the order form by hand)
                        Questions?  Email us at:
Virtualfriends4 at hotmail.com
            -               Send to:                    Mark Wrhel
                                         P.O. Box 0118
                                      Tujunga, Ca. 91043
Your Name ___________________________________________ Date ____________
Address ______________________________________________________________
City ____________________________ State __________ Zip Code
Phone#  _____________________ E-mail Address ___________________________
Do you have an IBM (   ) or MAC (   )?  CD rom (   ) or Disks (   )?
(   ) Virtual Girdfriend or (   ) Boyfriend for $10.00 (   ) *both just
(   ) The Search for Paradise and Club Celebrity X for $19.95
(   ) Everything!!! The Search for Paradise, Club Celebrity X,
      Virtual Girlfriend and Virtual Boyfriend.         >>>>All for just $24.95<<<<

@_date: 1997-11-16 08:34:49
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Kent Cripin's cynical liberalism 
Double-No! It is a damn fine way of pissing in someone's boot when
that is your purpose, and it is really nobody's business but the
pisser and the pissee (not even those who wear the same brand of
  Why didn't Eddie Murphy say, "I'm your worst nightmare...a Black-Afro
American with a gun!"? Could it be that the character he was playing
was the type of person who recognized the difference between a tea
party and a bar fight?
  (Kent, are you the one sending anonyous emails to whitehouse.gov
   saying, "Throw rocks at DC!"?)
  Thanks for clearing that up. It would be a shame to 'inaccurately'
flame someone on this list. It takes longer to fill their boots up
if you are not quite on the mark.
  Sure, if they were headed 'out of town' instead of 'toward' town...
  Really, Kent, you surely can't have lived such a cloistered life that
you judge everything in life by the words and images cast upon the Silver Screen of alleged reality.
  In my younger days I used to get picked up by dirt-farmers while
hitchiking, and be subjected to a predictable lecture about long
hair, hippies all ought to get a job, kids today...blah, blah.
Most of the time, before dropping me off, the farmer would dig
a few bucks out of his pocket and offer it to me, saying, "Have
you eaten today? Here, take this."
Courtesy = free choice of words = honest self-censorship
Politcially Correct Politeness = Mandatory/voluntary self-censorship
NEWS FLASH!!!
  Once you grow up and move away from home, then many things that were
formerly mandatory (or else!) become voluntary. People who were easy
to toilet train often go through life thinking that they are 'good'
people just because they still haven't figured out that they have
a 'choice' of how to speak, act, behave.    I'll take a good old redneck who has learned not to 'hate niggers'
as much as he used to, over an anal retentive batik artist who still hasn't figured out that he clenches his teeth when he speaks
of the 'Black-Afro American' who robbed and pistol-whipped him.
  When Adam Back agrees with me, he's British. When he disagrees with
me, he's a fucking Limey. (And it doesn't matter a shit whether he
is white, black, yellow or green.)
  The best way to eliminate racism is to hire a racist, go to dinner
with a racist, talk with a racist--not to sit drinking cafe latte with your friends while denouncing racism.
  I find it hard to believe that the slants and the round-eyes on
this list think that apparent differences in the backgrounds and
beliefs of list members deserves more discussion than the loss of
our common freedoms, just because some Anonymous shit-disturber
(who may also be Nonookie Masturbatshi, for all we know) wants
to impress Bob Hettinga in the hopes of being able to put his
dick in A Body Orfice To Be Named Later at some point in the
future (or already has, at some point in the past).
  In the course of pursuing things which are important in our life
(such as producing the Nutly News), we will be much more productive
if we refrain from joining in mouth-jerk reactions to the worms
that get dangled in front of us by the anonymous entities posting
from the boat above us.
  And the way this relates to crypto is...NONE OF YOUR FUCKING
BUSINESS! (<--- Topically Incorrect)

@_date: 1997-11-16 11:03:29
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Clinton on Forces of Destruction and Illicit Arms 
If a New World Order saves the life of just one child...
  Anyone that's ever looked at a voting ballot can tell you he
speaks the truth about the forces of organized destruction being
with us forever.
  I've always said that Freedom of Movement was one of the main
reasons for the rapid decline of society. It's all that moving
around that people do between their work desks and their beds
at home that is the problem. Increased use of prison labor has
certainly proven that a War on Movement is a viable option.
  If we allow people to move their money around wherever they
want, as if it is really theirs, then the next thing you know,
they might start doing the things they want with the money
they earn, instead of what they are required to do with it.
  If we allow people to access computers, the organized forces
of destruction will use them to get an education, earn a living,
entertain themselves, and conspire to move around.
(Summary, so far:)
cross national borders	{DANGEROUS MOVEMENT!!!}
the spread of		{DANGEROUS MOVEMENT!!!}
 	SMALL-SCALE NUCLEAR WEAPONS
across national lines	{DANGEROUS MOVEMENT!!!}
ORGANIZED FORCES OF DESTRUCTION TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ORGANIZED FORCES OF DESTRUCTION TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ORGANIZED FORCES OF DESTRUCTION TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ORGANIZED FORCES OF DESTRUCTION TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ORGANIZED FORCES OF DESTRUCTION TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ORGANIZED FORCES OF DESTRUCTION TAKING ADVANTAGE OF
ORGANIZED FORCES OF DESTRUCTION TAKING ADVANTAGE OF
  Stand-up comedy at its finest.
  "We" being the elite "across national borders" and "across
national lines"--the elite of the WORLD.
  "Organize ourselves" meaning: creating a NEW ORDER of organized
authority, laws and government.
  I *knew* he was going to mention children a couple more times
after the scare tactics. Am I goddamn *psychic*, or what?
  Translation~~"Only" those who "do the right things" are going to
find the NEW WORLD ORDER future "prosperous" and "interesting."
  If any of you can read this speech by El Presidante and think of
those who spoke out against the National Socialists, the brownshirts,
the Nazis--at the same time--and not get a shiver down your spine...
  I will give you a check for $1,000,000,000 (postdated Jan 1, 2000).

@_date: 1997-11-16 13:51:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: RTFM-709 
I have attached a file which includes some of the responses
sent to "Information Server ", as well
as a post to the list, apparently from David E. Smith, the
remailer operator at Bureau42, giving the 'correct' address
of the non-existent 'Information Server' supposedly at
Sympatico...and, as a special bonus, a post to the list,
purportedly from you, thanking 'Dave' for the information.
  You are a victim of your own misplaced faith in the great god known as WYSIWYG. (What you see, is what you get. -- NOT!)
  If I _am_ , then you have the satisfaction
of knowing that if I suffer a serious regression into my former
violent, psychotic delusional state, that the proper authorities
will likely be able to track me down and prosecute me for you
bizarre, sadistic murder.
  If I am _not_ , well...
  Regardless, whether you are seeking information on email interception
or home-study on how to committ bizarre sex acts with farm animals,
your interest in this information is known to both whomever you send
your request to, as well as everyone who you reply to in regard to
offered information, as well as everyone that the recipients share
your email with _and_ anyone who manages to access the email accounts
or systems of _all_ of the forementioned.
  Since both your real and forged corresponedence has already gone
to private email accounts, public mailing lists, and perhaps to
USENET and beyond, I think you can see the advisability of using
encryption to limit access to the plaintext of your message to
only those you specifically encrypt the message to.
  You may not care if the whole world knows that you want information
on email interception, or even about your fondness for farm animals,
but there are undoubtedly things which you would rather keep between
yourself and the intended recipient.
  If a real 'Information Server' had a verifiable Public Key for
you to encrypt your reply to, then it would not likely matter if you
sent the message to a spoof address, as unknown recipients could
not likely read it. The same applies to your friends, relatives and
bussiness acquaintances. If you use encryption for those things
which are important for you to keep private, then you do not have
to worry as much if they share an email account, computer or system
with friends, family, coworkers or strangers.
  The 'spoof' I did was neither technically complicated nor even
particularly clever. On the other hand, there are a plethora of
people in existence who are both clever _and_ skilled at poking
their noses in wherever they want and doing whatever they like
with the information.
Louis J. Freeh  (aka TruthMonger)
Director  (aka Lunatic)
Federal Bureau of Investigation  (aka Electronic Forgery Foundation)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"
Received: from borg.mindspring.com (borg.mindspring.com [207.69.200.122])
Received: from ip164.hartford.ct.pub-ip.psi.net (ip164.hartford.ct.pub-ip.psi.net [38.10.219.164])
Comments: Authenticated sender is

@_date: 1997-11-16 22:19:45
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: InfoWarriors - Alpha 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 34777 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-11-18 09:57:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:4537]  Tim May's defensive racism (was: about RC9) 
Electronic communication is a bare-bones ASCII interpretation of
our intended communication. i.e. - stripped of intonation and other
physical gestures which convey a meaning beyond the mere words we
speak, in themselves.
  Although there are some rudimentary ASCII images (:>) which can be
used to add elements of shared emotional or conceptual constructs to
the message we are attempting to convey.
  The Medium IS the Message.
  Until the email/communications medium evolves to allow us the ability
to add not only smiles and winks, etc., but also chagrin, doubt, self-
doubt, etc., to our online communications, the medium will remain an
impediment to conveying the totality of our true message, as opposed to
being merely an electronic version of 'pidgin Englich'.
  e.g. - When I read 'ymmv', I interpret it as 'You Make Me Vomit.'
 despite the fact that I now know it is usually meant as 'Your Mileage
 May Vary'. I still instinctively take it to mean the former, which
 sometimes results in miscommunication, and sometimes results in some
 of the most outrageous humor imaginable.
  One of the advantages of the shortcomings of email as a communications
medium is that we _do_ see our intended meaning stripped bare, with the
result that we then have to 'think' (god forbid!) about what portion of
our message is being 'twisted' by the loss of our accompanying physical
gestures, and what portion of our message is being 'revealed' by the
removal of the 'socially polite' gestures that we use to 'conceal' our
true intent in our message.
  e.g. - When a dog bares its teeth while cringing, and the dog's human
 companion says, "It's just her way of smiling." Right...
  When we are attacked for what our ASCII Doppleganger 'appears' to reveal about us and our message, we tend to adopt a 'fight or flight'
posture, in which we then proceed to either 'suck ass', drooling on
ourself as we try to explain what we "meant to say," or we launch
a counter-attack which tends to confirm the opposite of what we had
intended to convey.
  The only True (TM) response to, "You are a racist, sexist, violent
asshole piece of shit!" is, "Yeah? So what's your point?"
  If you take a look at the posts which stir-up long threads of
animosity and dissention, I think you will recognize that they
are based on simple, universal 'keywords' which we then react to
by aligning ourself on this-or-that side of the Newtonian equation.
  We need to remind ourselves that, ever since the Theory of Relativity was born, we should take into account that Dr. Vulis'
theory that "All CypherPunks are cocksuckers." is subject to wide
variations of interpretation/acceptability, depending on whether
the 'CypherPunk' is named John Gilmore, or Carol Anne Cypherpunk.
  Not that I'm a 'sexist'...:> (;P) {:0) (:) {;{>}
  (:>)=======<  Help! They knocked me down and cut off my arms!
       \
  (:>)-------<  I'm healed! I'm healed.
       /

@_date: 1997-11-18 10:00:21
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:4545] Mission:Critical and Informal Fallacies 
Right... Like we're going to believe this when communist pedophile Nazi cocksucker Robert Hettinga tells it to us.
  I bet that when I look up 'vuperative' in the dictionary, he'll be
wrong about that, too.

@_date: 1997-11-18 11:03:33
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:4537]  Tim May's defensive racism (was: about RC9) (fwd) 
Been there, done that, got the T-shirt, had no idea what it meant...
  Those who *do*not* believe 'The medium is the message' usually think
that Socrates' world-veiw would have been exactly the same if he had
been using the InterNet as his means of viewing and communicating with
the world.
  Right, Jim. Give us your prediction of when this is going to happen...
(Yes, I *am* laughing at you...thanks for asking.)
  Reality is that even when the medium evolves to the point where we
can use it to convey the totality of what we are trying to convey, that
after we have done so the 'powers that be' will flash a graphic of
us on the computer screen, making us look for all the world like a
drug-dealing, terrorist pedophile.
  There will be few sheeple with the dicrimination to recognize that,
in your case, it is true, in 'my' case, it is not.
Not that I'm a troublemaker...

@_date: 1997-11-18 12:02:57
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: You're Dead 
You must be a boonie-dweller, like myself. I live in an area where,
if I lose my account, I have no options. It amazes me that I have been
able, thus far, to send thinly veiled death threats to world leaders
and The Richest Man in the US (TM) without being 'killed or caught.'
  For all of the 'dire predictions' that we hear about terrorists, etc.,
I find it amazing that systems such as those you mention are not
at will by these alleged 'enemies of mankind', despite their obvious
vulnerability. Could it possibly be that The Enemy (TM) is dancing with
our Protectors (TM) in a reality-spoof that consists of
Puppeteers pulling our strings?
  The (successful) attempts of grey-shrouded background entities to
launch attacks on Tim May, the CypehrPunks list, etc., have given many
of those I communicate with privately cause to believe that it may be
time for The Movement (TM) to move underground, once again.
  What is interesting is that, for all of my paranoid, conspiratorial
rantings, I am only a fool making light parody of the true dark forces
which are operating in the background of our reality. Anyone who thinks
I jest about this might want to get a second opinion from Jim Bell...
  After cleaning up my Sympatico web site, I will send you the
information you need to access it. Feel free to use it as a temporary
solution to your space constraints, but keep in mind that it may well
be yanked at any moment.
  Perhaps someone with a direct InterNet connection will be able to
provide you with the needed cyberspace.
  To me, *you* are one of the "Heroes of the Revolution," as are all
of the remailer operators, Eternity Server developers, and slant-eyed
schills such as Joichi Ito, who are trying to make the best of a bad
situation (TM) in an attempt to move toward a goal which is very
likely improbable, impossible, or just plain inexplicable.
As the 'Youth in Asia Society' says: "Kill The President!"

@_date: 1997-11-18 12:07:01
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: How anonymous? 
I *know* dick, and you're not Dick!
  ...uuhhh...is that an insult? I'm confused...

@_date: 1997-11-18 13:00:08
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:4563] Tim May's defensive racism (was: about RC9) (fwd) 
He's the guy who edited this post so that those reading it will be
very confused as to who said what...
  What you say is true, but the fact of the matter is that our current
misperceptions are defined by the medium through which we
  True communication goes beyond the medium it passes through, but is
nonetheless limited by the capacity of the medium to convey what we are
trying to express. (As well as by the capacity of our experience to
interpret what we are receiving via that medium.)
  The whips and chains are the best part...
  The Eskimos have something like 30 different words for "snow." If you
or I want to 'talk snow' with an Eskimo, our "method of expression"
(language) will be affected by the "basic fundamentals" by which our
differing languages are constructed. If we filter these already obvious
differences through different medium of communiations (words, pictures,
ASCII characters, etc.), then the "fundamental issues" will "change
radically" according to the number and type of filters that our
communications are interpreted through.
  500 years from now, my own biases and bigottries will be revealed
by the stripping away of the current commonly understood methods
of misdirection by which I attempt to disguise them, as well as
disguised by the the future misunderstandings of the unique meaning
that my current commonly understood methods of communication convey
to those steeped in the the peculularities of our era.
  i.e. - People drunk on Scotch, 500 years in the future, will understand what I just said, whereas even I, myself, am unlikely
to understand it in the morning, once I sober up.
  Thanks, but I don't go that way...
  Young and Hettinga are going to be really pissed when they find out
that you've been dipping into their 'stash'...
  Nope. I'm wearing the aluminum foil hat...
  I was hoping that I could slip that one by you.
  Whoa! Sounds like you took a few too many of the 'red' ones...
  I'm a 13 year-old dawg, and I'm not wearing any panties.
(91 in people-years.)

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:18:08
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpj:250] (fwd) I-D ACTION:draft-ietf-openpgp-formats-00.txt 
Intercepeted email:
Pearl Harbor Computers...Dec. 7th...Code Phrase: "Nuke Tim C. May"

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:21:46
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: While we waste our time discussing crypto issues... 
* News of the Weird reported in 1994 on the controversy over who
owned the world's largest cow hairball, but it now appears that an
also-ran at that time, Mike Canchola of Sterling, Colo., is now
number one.  In 1994 a Garden City, Kan., historical society had a
37-incher, but Canchola has since come across one measuring 43.3
inches around.  In the course of his work at a local beef plant,
Canchola plucks out the non-championship hairballs, dries them,
has colleague Frank Alcala paint faces or scenery on them, and sells
them for $50 each. To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:21:53
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: But will it work for Congress? 
* The University of Minnesota was seeking more "specialists" to
work on its three-year, $390,000 program to set an "odor emissions
rating system" for regulating the state's 35,000 animal feedlots,
according to an August Minneapolis Star Tribune story.  Having
judges, or government officials, go sniff the feedlot apparently
would give insufficient due process of law; rather, a panel of
sniffers will develop objective standards on the types of odors and
their strength.  Already 35 people are employed and have begun
sniffing the nearly-200 chemical components of cow and pig
manure in order to categorize them for the formal state stench test. To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:24:21
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: But, do they insure Japenese CypherPunks...? 
* In February, members of the West Palm Beach, Fla., Pit Bull
Terrier Club received notices that some insurance companies would
not renew their homeowner policies because that breed of dog was
responsible for an increasing number of liability claims.  Club officer
Linda Kender termed such insurance company stereotyping "dog
racism." To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:25:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Glad I could clear that up for everyone... 
* The Dutch Federation for Military Personnel union (which 20
years ago won the right for soldiers to wear their hair long)
announced in April it would back a female recruit's desire to wear a
tongue ring.  The code of conduct, the union said, bans jewelry "on
the head," not "in the head." To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:26:09
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Password Snarfing 
* Life Imitates TV: (1) A Bangkok hotel worker was convicted in
July of stealing from guests' safe-deposit boxes by rubbing his nose
oil onto the buttons so he could check later to see which buttons
had been pushed by the guest to open the safe.  He said he learned
the trick from watching the TV show "MacGyver."
To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-19 12:42:10
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Dateline / Nov. 18/97 
"I break the law by engaging in prostitution."
"I break the law by doing illegal drugs."
"I want others to go to jail for breaking the law, based on my Did the concern for the upholding of the letter of the law, by the
allegedly abused woman, the police and the prosecutors, extend to
requiring the accuser to be punished for her own violation of the
law? I can hardly wait for the school-yard crack dealers to testify in the hate-speech prosecution of concerned parents who call them 'niggers'. Is it my imagination, or are there a lot of people going to jail
based on the testimony of people who want other people to be
prosecuted for crimes, but who don't want to be prosecuted for
their own crimes?
God Bless what the mainstream press still claims is America!

@_date: 1997-11-19 15:02:40
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: It seemed like a good idea at the time... 
It was a pretty simple plan.
First, I stripped naked and painted myself blue. Then, I stood on my
head and started sending posts to the CypherPunks list.
Soon, I would be declared 'The Craziest Fucker on the InterNet' and be
the host of talk-shows across the nation. Letterman, Leno, Springer--
they would all be begging for my presence on their programs.
Little did I realize that my outrageous, insane offerings would be
trumped, time and time again, by seemingly average folks who held
down 'day jobs' in the heart of the mainstream computer industry.
Despite the widespread media coverage given to the homeless people who
wander the streets of America, babbling nonsensically to all who will
listen, as a result of the government abandoning the funding of homes
for the mentally ill and turning them out into the street...the media
is obviously ignoring the 'success stories' of those who have managed
to work their way into the heart of the computer industy, advancing their corporate status by mandating compliance with offically approved
vaporware, and substituting membership in the CypherPunks mailing list
for their previous mind-distorting medications.
If it wasn't for Bill Stewart and Bill Frantz constantly referring to
me as 'that *normal* guy', I "could'a been a contend'a."

@_date: 1997-11-20 08:16:36
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Mad as Hell 
Get real, begins-with-a-'b'-ends-with-a-'b'.
  Every President in recent history has committed capital crimes.
that out can hardly be considered some kind of threat, since we all know
that they have always done so, and will continue to do so, with
  A 'threat' would be to imply that anyone assassinating a judge or a
President would get to sleep with Jody Foster.
  The mainstream press is pushing the smoking-gun confirmation of Tricky
Dicky Nixy as a multiple-felon as "News" .
  The millions of people who recognized his treason against the nation,
despite the lies of our politicians and press, could hardly be seen as
'threatening' ElTrickster, since I don't know anyone who thought he was
worth wasting a bullet on.
  As a matter of fact, I believe that a Peephole's Kourt in Kalifornia
tried Tricky Dicky, found him guilty, and sentenced him to live the
rest of his life as himself. (Cruel and unusual punishment?)

@_date: 1997-11-20 10:32:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:4789] Re: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Timothy C[reep] May carries a turd in his wallet for identification
            \|/
           (*,*) Timothy C[reep] May
          _m_-_m_
The main difference between Timothy May and shit is that shit smells      \o _o   o  o  \o  |o  |o  >>    /\/ o__  _o   o/ Timothy May
   |  /|  |\  |  /  /|/  \|o  o\   |  \   \  |
   |  << <<  << |                        << < \
Tim C. Maypole, a product of anal birth, appeared with a coathanger through his head.
         (_) _____ (_)
            /O   O\   Tim C. Maypole
           !   I   !
           ! \___/ !
            \_____/
The only `culture' Timmy May possesses is that cultivated from his foreskin scrapings.
   \|/
  (*,*) Timmy May
 _m_-_m_
I think Vulis needs each of us to send ten copies of this back to him.
Graham-John Bullers                      Moderator of
alt.2600.moderated       email :  :
         Tim Maytag carries a turd in his wallet for identification purposes.
      _______c___c
     /       /_  _\
       ((6)(6)) Tim Maytag
    (  )_  __\\  //__
    o___n) (nn)\o/(nn)
Timothy May's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain damage.
         o_,   o
        <\__, v|> Timothy May
    < \
  We are truly indebted to Barely Anonymous for reminding us of the
hallowed, non-vuterpertative history of the cypherpunks list, which we
should revere and hold in great piss-stream, as ? the Platypus would
surely tell us.
  I look forward to Barely Anonymous' posts containing "narc'ing cryptographic technicalities" in the future.

@_date: 1997-11-20 11:04:40
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Finger Narcs 
While wandering in the Twilight Zone that lays between sleep and being
awake, I caught vague details of the following non-reality substantiated
news story:
  Ontario, in order to combat the Iron Chariotman, Road Rage, has/will
institue/d some citizen/government entity named 'Highway Rangers' (?),
whose purpose is to arrest/narc-out drivers who 'flip the bird' to
their fellow drivers, etc.
  I find it interesting that, upon awakening, I had neither the desire
nor a reason for confirming/not the details of this news story, since,
if it is _not_ true, it _could_ be.
  In short, I doubt that it is now possible to create an inner dream,
or nightmare, which is more bizarre than the ludicrousness which is
currently serving as our alleged Silver Screen of Reality.
  Go figure...

@_date: 1997-11-21 13:28:51
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:4977] Re: Personal use crypto export 
Check out the regulations quoted.
A wide variety of people, such as all (or certain types of) students
qualify as 'permanent residents' under some regulations (but not
under others). The 'qualifying' portions of various regulations often change on
a whim. e.g. - qualification for dual citizenship of US born children who immigrate with their parents to another country before
they reach the age of consent.
The bottom line is that if you get an opinion from some legal source
or another (preferably in writing), it is rarely worthwhile for some
gubmint dweeb to seriously fuck with you, unless they 'want' to fuck
you for some other reason and need an excuse.
  (The Law of Karma applies, nonetheless.)
In short, cover your ass and don't use my name when crossing borders.

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:03:19
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Nonookie Masturbatshi beats Dimitri's time with the 'babes'... 
* Several news organizations reported in March and April on
Japanese men's increasing sexual fascination with high school and
junior-high school girls.  One expert interviewed by the New
York Times, Hiroyuki Fukuda, 30, editor of a magazine whose
title can be translated Anatomical Illustrations of Junior High
School Girls, said, "The age at which the girls seem interesting is
clearly dropping.  But it's only the maniacs who go for girls
below the third grade." To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:03:23
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:5005] Further Costs of War 
re: Income Tax Witholding
  Even if it was withold and held in escrow until it became due,
with the citizen who earned the money drawing interest off of it,
the result would be a windfall for the citizens.
  Add the gain in interest by the government to the loss of interest
by the citizen, and the already outrageous government theft becomes
even more so.
  The government loves to play 'deductions'.
  Translation~~We will take an even larger amount of your money than
we can ultimately get away with stealing without getting lynched, in order for us to draw interest on it instead of you, and then pretend
to be working in your interest by dropping some loose change during
our post-robbery getaway.
LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT:
...and to the US Government, I leave a million dollars, so that they
can buy a half-dozen toilet seats for the restrooms next to the
Welfare and Farm Subsidy offices.
"Who didn't grow cotton last year, either, and is still waiting for
 his check for $300,000."

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:07:14
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:4972] ISBN and EAR 
Steve Schear wrote (without any carriage returns, forcing me to
do his goddamn editing for him):
the fiction that there is a qualitative difference between intellectual
works made tangible in paper and those in electronic form.  Can a Federal court's introduction of evidence procedure be used to establish
the interchageability of IP works in paper and elecronic form and if so
can these rules be applied to the EAR?
  Certainly, if a decent attorney is given sufficient financial incentive to pursue the matter.
  A lot of 'case law' is based on the bottomless pit of government
legal funding setting precedents in cases where short-funded defence
lawyers and defendants/plaintiffs cannot afford the time and expense
to adequately match the government's ante and/or raises in the legal
poker game.
  i.e. - the government agents 'buy the pot.' (no pun intended)
  Bad and marginal legal rulings accumulate to establish a base of
questionable legal precedent. When a legal concept is later challenged
in a case where the stakes are high, the defense/plaintiffs often have
the cards already stacked against them.
  i.e. - the odds are *always* with 'the house.'
other monographic publications. Today, the scope of the system has expanded to include other media such as calendars, spoken word audiocassettes, videocassettes and electronic media.
  fiction?
  Certainly, as long as a challenge is not mounted by a terroist,
pedophile, drug-dealer, cryptographer, nigger, queer, or  LIBERAL.
  Not that I'm getting cynical in my old age, but if one wants to
make a true difference in this regard they might consider foregoing
the usual legal challenges and punching out their spouse's lover
on the Jerry Springer show.
  Nixon was framed!

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:44:30
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Despite the efforts of the CDT to work out a compromise... 
* On August 7, police in Delaware, Ohio, and Thibodaux, La.,
reported that alleged child molesters had received private justice. According to police in Ohio, the wife and mother-in-law of
Rodney Hosler, 27, kidnapped him shortly after he was released
from prison on child-molesting charges, tied him up, shaved his
body, applied hot ointment to his genitals, inserted a cucumber
into his body, scribbled "I am a child molester" on him, and
dumped him naked in front of a pizza parlor in his home town,
70 miles away.
To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:15:14
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:4983] Good recent books on encryption, privacy, etc.? 
There is a great new book just out, titled "Computers, Crime and Privacy" which is getting rave reviews.
It is a compendium of articles by Bruce Schneider, David Chaum, Philip
Zimmermann, Tim C. May, Dorothy Denning, Louis J. Freeh, Janet Reno
and Jim Bell.
To receive a special edition copy signed by all of the above authors,
send $29.95 to:
  Publisher,
  Electronic Forgery Foundation
  Electronic Fraud Department,
  PO BOX 281,
  Bienfait, Saskatchewan
    CANADA  S0C 0M0
(Please allow 20 years for delivery.)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-11-22 12:44:55
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:5028] police state rumors 
If you consider the above to be "unconfirmed rumor," or difficult to verify, then you need to learn how to use an InterNet search engine.
  Even mainstream news articles have covered the transfer of Armed Forces weapons and munitions to civilian agencies, including a major
city which *returned* a load of bayonets as being too ludicrous to
  This is supposed to be *news*?
  Have you been out of the country for a few decades? Ever heard of
CAMP (Campaign Against Marijuana Production)?
  I used to drink and get high with the CAMP crews in the heart of
the sickingly press-dubbed "Emerald Triangle." It was not considered
a 'state secret' that much of the purpose of this area of the War
on Drugs was to facilitate male-bonding and a spirit of cooperation
between federal, state and local law enfascistment agencies.
  The cammo-clad "volunteers" got to jump out of helicopters in the
middle of North-Western schoolyards armed with the latest in federal
weaponry and go play hardball with the children's hippie parents
who had a half-dozen pot plants up in the hills.
  The main purpose of the Campaign Against Marijuana Production
seemed to be to provide an opportunity for lower-level LEA agents
to get comfortable with the concept of shooting family dogs in
front of the citizen's children and confiscating TV's, chainsaws
and other personal possessions as "aids to illegal marijuana
  Don't worry about it. They will undoubtedly only use a co-ordinated
front of assault teams against the 'bad' citizens, such as terrorists,
drug-dealers, pedophiles, tax-cheats, people who use insufficient
postage, left-handed people, and suspicious characters with last names
starting with the letters A through Z.
  In case you have trouble understanding what they are screaming, over
the sounds of your doors being kicked in and the roar of gunfire, it
is probably, "We're from the government, and we're here to *help* you!"

@_date: 1997-11-22 12:51:25
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Award Announcement / Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
This post gets 'One Dick Up' and the TruthMonger Barking Seal of If Hettinga was Japanese, the author would be a racist!
We Jurgar Din wrote via the bureau42 Anonymous Remailer :

@_date: 1997-11-22 12:53:05
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Personal to John Young 
Sure, you tell _me_ that you're out of drugs, and then you share with
Dimitri. Asshole.

@_date: 1997-11-22 13:34:13
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: A Challenge to the Violent and Depraved / Re: [cpe:5035] Violence and Depravity 
If you have not read the following post, do so.
It reflects the view of everyone I have spoken to who has even
the remotest knowledge of explosives and demolition.
Regardless, I am getting sick and tired of hearing the whining
'theories' of the 'experts' in regard to the OKC bombing.
A Challenge: If every naysayer/conspiracy theorist whose diatribes
  I have read (a small percentage of the total number) would kick
  in a couple of bucks, then there would be funds available to
  build a truck-bomb corresponding to the alleged OKC bomb, and
  to recreate the alleged crime with an abandoned building that
  can be found to provide a similar physical target.
  We're talking about a few grand, here. Put up or shut up. Anyone
  who cares to take on the challenge can cover that on T-shirt
  sales alone.
  If the re-enactment shows the truck bomb to have been a provably
  false scenario, it would be interesting to see a second display
  with BATF actors putting explosive charges in the middle of the
  building. (And then we can crash a Mercedes into the underground
  concrete pillars in Paris, to guage the results.)

@_date: 1997-11-22 13:45:32
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: internet access monitored and censored 
Anon-To: david.f at mailexcite.com
 You should probably be using encryption to send messages of this sort.
TruthMonger (honest!)

@_date: 1997-11-22 13:52:55
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The Subliminal Algebra-Seinfield Conspiracy 
Is it a mere coincidence that algebra.com went down and proceeded to
send out all received messages in reverse order on the _same_day_
that the Seinfield TV show featured a reverse-order-plot show?
Picking up a little corporate spare-change, Igor?

@_date: 1997-11-22 13:53:13
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Sentencing Delayed Again 
Fucking wonderful...
As Robert Heidegger explains to us that everything is 'roses, roses'
and that predictions of 'doom and gloom' are ludicrous, Igor begins
emerging as the Chief CypherPunks SpokesPerson, based on his knowledge
of the Stalin era and its accompanying atrocities.
I *love* this prison camp!

@_date: 1997-11-22 14:34:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [cpe:5043] Tampa Pirate Radio Stations Silenced 
If you will check the archives (God, I've been waiting for a chance to
say that!), you will find that several weeks ago (years ago, in 'dog
weeks') I posted some rambling nonsense which pointed out recent court
rulings in regard to a Berkeley (?) judge upholding the right of local
freelance (?) stations to operate outside of the unconstitutional iron
hand of the FCC, and pointed out the potential importance of the judge's
ruling in regard to future legal issues surrounding the InterNet.
I also pointed out that the government would undoubtedly call and raise
this judicial ruling by launching a variety of attacks on other small,
local broadcasters in an attempt to provide a wide legal base of
precedent for deeming them 'pirate' broadcasters, thus negating the
effect of a single, unbought judge who accidentally came across some
literature describing the Constitution and realized that everything
her political Puppet Masters told her was wrong.
Cheap Self-Promotional Plug:
  I have recently opened a Psychic Hotline at 1-800-Tru-Mong, which
costs $.02/min, and I am getting filthy rich predicting the future.
  I channel Tim May in order to predict future events, and channel
Robert Hettinga, Kent Crispin and Phillip Hallam-Baker to predict
future government disinformation campaigns.
  I channel Sigmund Freud and Carl Lewis in order to keep one step
ahead of the guys with the butterfly-net.
Authorities say Kobres used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Kobres used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say CypherPunks used their equipment to broadcast
anti-government messages.
Authorities say CypherPunks used their equipment to broadcast
anti-government messages.
Authorities say Chudov used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Choates used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Cottrel used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Young used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say blanc used her equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say amp used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Schear used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Burnes used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Ito used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Vulis used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Wienke used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Galt used his equipment to broadcast anti-government
Authorities say Kobres used his equipment to broadcast anti-government

@_date: 1997-11-23 04:40:40
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Lewis & Clark liked dogs too [was Re: Alternative Apology] 
This might explain why 'Lassie' was always such a suck-up.
  Fear.

@_date: 1997-11-23 04:58:39
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [Fwd: [cpj:265] COS][cpj:265] COS 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 958
URL:

@_date: 1997-11-23 15:31:21
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Jim Bell's New Lifestyle 
Coercive Counterintelligence Interrogation of Resistant Sources
A. Restrictions The purpose of this part of the handbook is to present basic information
about coercive techniques available for use in the interrogation
situation. B. The Theory of Coercion
Coercive procedures are designed not only to exploit the resistant
source's internal conflicts and induce him to wrestle with himself but
also to bring a superior outside force to bear upon the subject's
resistance. All coercive techniques are designed to induce regression. As Hinkle
notes in "The Physiological State of the Interrogation Subject as it
Affects Brain Function"(7), the result of external pressures of
sufficient intensity is the loss of those defenses most recently
acquired by civilized man: "...
Farber says that the response to coercion typically contains "... at
least three important elements: debility, dependency, and dread."
Prisoners "... have reduced viability, are helplessly dependent on their
captors for the satisfaction of their many basic needs, and experience
the emotional and motivational reactions of intense fear and anxiety.... Only subjects who have reached a point where they are under delusions
are likely to make false confessions that they believe. The profound moral objection to applying duress past the point of
irreversible psychological damage has been stated. Judging the validity
of other ethical arguments about coercion exceeds the scope of this
paper. The following are the principal coercive techniques of interrogation:
arrest, detention, deprivation of sensory stimuli through solitary
confinement or similar methods, threats and fear, debility, pain,
heightened suggestibility and hypnosis, narcosis, and induced
regression. C. Arrest The manner and timing of arrest can contribute substantially to the
interrogator's purposes. D. Detention If, through the cooperation of a liaison service or by unilateral means,
arrangements have been made for the confinement of a resistant source,
the circumstances of detention are arranged to enhance within the
subject his feelings of being cut off from the known and the reassuring,
and of being plunged into the strange. E. Deprivation of Sensory Stimuli John C. Lilly found "... that isolation per se acts on most persons as a
powerful stress...." "The symptoms most commonly produced by isolation are superstition,
intense love of any other living thing, perceiving inanimate objects as
alive, hallucinations, and delusions." "It is obvious that inner factors in the mind tend to be projected
outward, that some of the mind's activity which is usually reality-bound
now becomes free to turn to phantasy and ultimately to hallucination and
F. Threats and Fear The threat of coercion usually weakens or destroys resistance more
effectively than coercion itself.
The same principle holds for other fears: sustained long enough, a
strong fear of anything vague or unknown induces regression.
Threats delivered coldly are more effective than those shouted in rage.
It is not enough that a resistant source should placed under the tension
of fear; he must also discern an acceptable escape route. In brief, the threat is like all other coercive techniques in being most
effective when so used as to foster regression and when joined with a
suggested way out of the dilemma, a rationalization acceptable to the
G. Debility The available evidence suggests that resistance is sapped principally by
psychological rather than physical pressures. The threat of debility -
for example, a brief deprivation of food - may induce much more anxiety
than prolonged hunger.
H. Pain
"In the simple torture situation the contest is one between the
individual and his tormentor (.... and he can frequently endure). When
the individual is told to stand at attention for long periods, an
intervening factor is introduced. The immediate source of pain is not
the interrogator but the victim himself. The motivational strength of
the individual is likely to exhaust itself in this internal
encounter.... I. Heightened Suggestibility and Hypnosis Merton M. Gill and Margaret Brenman state, "The psychoanalytic theory of
hypnosis clearly implies, where it does not explicitly state, that
hypnosis is a form of regression." And they add, "...induction [of
hypnosis] is the process of bringing about a regression, while the
hypnotic state is the established regression." The problem of overcoming the resistance of an uncooperative
interrogatee is essentially a problem of inducing regression to a level
at which the resistance can no longer be sustained. Hypnosis is one way
of regressing people.
J. Narcosis Just as the threat of pain may more effectively induce compliance than
its infliction, so an interrogatee's mistaken belief that he has been
drugged may make him a more useful interrogation subject than he would
be under narcosis. Nevertheless, drugs can be effective in overcoming resistance not
dissolved by other techniques. As has already been noted, the so-called
silent drug (a pharmacologically potent substance given to a person
unaware of its administration) can make possible the induction of
hypnotic trance in a previously unwilling subject.
K. The Detection of Malingering Another technique is to pretend to take the deception seriously, express
grave concern, and tell the "patient" that the only remedy for his
illness is a series of electric shock treatments or a frontal lobotomy.

@_date: 1997-11-23 17:30:04
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Turn Dead Molested Children Into BIG $$$! / Re: Klaas Foundation 1998 Tour 
If you are not an Auto related business and wish to be removed from any
future contacts, please reply in the subject area only with the word "Remove"
and this software will automatically block you from any future contact.
As Chief SpokesPerson for the CypherPunks Auto Dealers and Child Pornographers of America, I would like to I would like to state that we are behind you  100%.
Good work, Wayne. The New World Order spooks on the CypherPunks
mailing list are proud of you for cutting down on their work load.
Thanks for the help!
  Happy that the program gives you an opportunity to use a dead,
molested child to promote your business, Amy. Also glad that you
don't just sell cars to people who have the money to buy them.
  Good for you, Mark. That's 800 more potential customers you
can track once they reach driving age.
  A little tip for you: if you put some blood-stains on the seats
of the cars you sell during this period, you can increase your
sales 50% just through subliminal erotic excitation of your
  Met some nice young girls too, didn't you, Mark?
  Judy had the good sense to have her dealership's company logo
added to the autopsy pictures she made available to the press.
  Way to go, Judy!
  The CypherPunks Auto Dealers and Child Pornographers of America
would like to help you all increase your sales next year by providing you with computer-generated photographs of Polly Klaas
being bungholed by the perpetrator. (Plenty of blood on the
little tart!)
  To get the high-quality close-up graphic reproductions, send
$49.95 to:
  CypherPunks Auto Dealers & Child Pornographers
  BOX 281,
  Bienfait, Saskatchewan
    CANADA  S0C 0M0
[We also have a limited number of "Porry Kraas red him on!"
 bumperstickers left in our overseas warehouse.]

@_date: 1997-11-23 17:33:54
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The Company You Keep Could Be Your Own / Re: Clinton Sells Arlington Burials (fwd) 
Excerpt from WebWorld: My only hope, is that I can find the strength of character somewhere inside myself to ask the question which lies at the heart of why there
is a 'they' to come for me at all...why, in the end, it has finally come to this for me, as for countless others. The question is, in retrospect, as simple and basic as it is essential for any who still espouse the concepts of freedom and liberty to ask themselves upon finding themselves marveling at the outrageousness being perpetrated upon their neighbors by 'them'...by 'others'...by 'Friends of the Destroyer.' The question is:
  "Why didn't _I_ do something?"
These are the words that legend ascribes to the tombstone erected in a 'potters field' outside of the B.TV city of Austin, Texas. The tombstone, according to historians who have verified it's existence,
though it was removed after being in place for less than twenty-four
hours, was supposedly that of Vice-Admiral B. D'Shauneaux. And the ultimate irony, for those whose cry of lament remains, "Why didn't somebody 'do' something?", lies in the empty grave lying next to that purported to be the Vice-Admiral's final resting place-the grave which, legend has it, is reserved for the last free man or woman
remaining on this planet. The grave whose headstone is a plain and simple mirror. Legend has it that, at dusk during the spring equinox, that one who gazes into the mirror will hear the sound of the Vice-Admiral's voice echoing through the labyrinth of the communal mind of mankind,
whispering as if it were a gentle breeze rustling softly through the leaves of the aged willows surrounding the site. It is a voice tinged with an equal mixture of conscience and remorse. It is a voice that whispers, quite simply,     "Why didn't I do something?"

@_date: 1997-11-23 17:43:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Will Jews be Forced to Accept Christ in Public Schools? 
A million comedians out of work, and ? has to try to launch a
new career...

@_date: 1997-11-23 18:16:59
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Anti-Grav? 
I am tired of the constant, snide implications on the CypherPunks
list that the government might be holding something back from the
American citizens.
  Just because the announcement of startling new breakthroughs in
such things as 'cold fusion' and the like quickly turn into 'cold
silence' and denials is no reason to think that those in power
are using the latest developments in technology to increase their
hold on society, instead of using it for the benefit of all of
mankind (and the 'broads', too).
  Some asshole on the list (it might have been me, before my 90 days
in solitary confinement in a cell next to Jim Bell) even went so
far as to suggest that if the secret government laboratories were
releasing details of a new radar that could track movements of
people through stone walls, etc., that they might have even more
startling technology at their fingertips.
  What a crock! To suggest that people who are willing to sacrifice
their own integrity and moral values in order to assassinate others
for our benefit would then turn around and subject their own citizens to the same self-serving, arbitrary atrocities is nothing
more than the ranting of anarchistic lunatics.
[LUNATICS! DON'T _USE_ THAT WORD! I DON'T _LIKE_ THAT WORD! IT MAKES
 ME WANT TO.....AAARRRGGGHHHHH!]
  Thank you, I'm feeling much better, now...

@_date: 1997-11-24 05:54:38
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Russ Alberry/CAUCE vs. the Cypherpunks (was: Re: RESULT: comp.org.cauc 
Sounds like he is only objecting to you discussing issues important
to you with groups you belong to and groups that you *don't* belong to.
  Sounds like Chelsea is pushing daddy's fascist agenda at Stanford.
  Because fickless ducks live in fear of individuals who threaten
their ability to hide under phantom security blankets.
  Often, it is just the result of people who come up with some inane
brainstorm that looks good on the surface, but are too intellectually
lazy to think it through and resent anyone who does so (thus destroying
their petty work of self-proclaimed 'genius'.
  The real losers end up doing a lot of campaigning to make up for the
insufficiency of their logic, under the delusion that getting as many
others as possible to jump on their bandwagon will somehow increase
their low level of self-esteem.
  Sounds to me like the dweeb is pissed because he had to do a lot
of blather-spamming to overcome the effects of Igor's rational
and balanced posts on the subject.
  Perhaps his next project could be to promote a vote on a new
value for 'pi'.

@_date: 1997-11-25 07:25:39
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: SigFiles 
Isn't "Handgun Contol, Inc." the place where they align your gun-sights
for free?

@_date: 1997-11-25 07:37:04
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Fear & Gloating in Tennessee 
Web posted at: 10:47 a.m. EST (1547 GMT)                      FRANKLIN, Tennessee (AP) --
                     Three books by photographers
                     Jock Sturges and David Hamilton
                     have received some critical praise,
                     but a Tennessee county grand jury
                     claims they may violate state
                     obscenity laws.                      "The Age of Innocence" by
                     Hamilton and "The Last Day of Summer" and "Radiant
                     by Sturges were cited in the indictment against
Barnes & Noble's
                     Brentwood store.                      The obscenity charges focus on photographs of nude
children in
                     the books. I certainly hope that the prosecutor, judge and jury didn't look
at those pictures. Probably turn them all into pedophiles, eh?
                     Barnes & Noble was served with a summons to appear
                     Williamson County Criminal Court on December 1.
                     Melson, an attorney for the Tennessee Press
Association, said
                     interpretations of what is obscene vary widely and
he believes the
                     grand jury is not looking to put anyone in jail.                      "They're probably just looking for a fine... to get
the bookstore to
                     change its manner," he said. "In other words,
change your shelves."
Oh! Voluntary/Mandatory under threat of imprisonment...
Is it time for some new NewSpeak?
   Volundated -- Voluntary/Mandated
   Volundatory -- Voluntary/Mandatory
   Volutelse -- Voluntary/Or else!
                     Copyright 1997   The Associated Press. All rights
                     This material may not be published, broadcast,
rewritten, or
                     redistributed.
Sure it can. I just did it...

@_date: 1997-11-25 08:15:05
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Put it where the SUN don't shine... 
The Microsoft spoofers, who work for Palladium Interactive
software, didn't let the feel-good fest rain on their parade. They
said their tiny Larkspur, Calif. company drew lots of interest in
their parody of Microsoft's upcoming Windows 98 operating
program, which goes by a name that can't be mentioned here
because of its sexual connotations. The program includes games such as Billagotchi, an on-screen
"cyber pet" that people need to feed money and tend to his needs
or else he throws a tantrum. For example, the parody includes an icon for "MS Exploiter" that
links to a Palladium Web site. And in a skit based on Star Trek,
cartoon characters from the Star Ship Explorer blow up the SS
Netscape. "The party line is if you don't have a booth, you can't hand out
literature," said Rebecca Murphy, director of product marketing
for the firm.
"We're just trying to have some fun."

@_date: 1997-11-25 11:50:05
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Iraq and computers 
I told the Pentagon that they could avoid the Iraqui citizens
misunderstanding our intentions by stenciling "We're from the US
government, and we're here to help you!" on the sides of the
missles and bombs. But nnooooo...that would make too much sense,
wouldn't it?
  At least one...

@_date: 1997-11-25 13:04:57
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Copyrights and Wrongs, from The Netly News 
Copyright is one of those ideas which seems to have more benefits than
downsides until it actually comes into common use in a wide variety
of areas. As always, the thieves and scum at the top of the food chain
manage to mark the legislative trail so that all roads lead to their
own hungry mouths.
Thanks to copyright, instead of listening to the spritit of the muse,
we end up listening to the canned muzak in the supermarket, and the
shrink-wrapped former musicians on the radio.
Copyright invariably ends up being 'Corporationright.'
The standard argument for Copyright is that it encourages creative
people to produce and share ideas, etc.
Bullshit. It encourages Record Companies to pay songwriters a hundred bucks a week to live in a shack at the back of the parking
lot and crank out ten or twenty bullshit tunes a day. It also
encourages the companies to promote dogs that they have heavy
(cocaine up the nose) investments in, and add a lot of flash to the packaging so nobody notices their 'artists' are just barking.
The same applies to drug and pharmaceutical copyrights.
All of a sudden, Madam Curie's grandaughter can't experiment with titanium, because it sounds like uranium, and the corporate
lawyers are worried. Marcus Polo can't work on a cure for
Polio, because the bean counters have determined that there
is more money in treating Polo injuries, and they get a kickback
from the gypsum companies that provide cast materials.
Copyright, in the end, leads to labor and products being priced,
not according to their usefulness, but according to what level
of restriction there is as to who is 'allowed' to produce or
use the ideas inherent in the labor or product.
Copyright is an excellent example of a legislative construct
which is not dripping with inherent evilness, having no redeeming
value, but is actually a rather innocuous little wart which has been legislated into becoming a giant cancer by those who
have positioned themselves to make money off its treatment.
Be wary of legislators who propose legislation which contains
fine print saying, "Except for me and my pals..."

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:20:37
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: NEW TRAVEL INFO -- Togo (fwd) 
Lucky is just jealous because Togo named their country with more
concise alphabetic code than Tonga.

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:23:28
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Government crypto views prove justified... / Re: Swedish policy paper on key/message escrow 
See? Even other countries are agreeing that crypto is munitions.
  i.e. - They all want to sell versions of their 'old stuff' to people
in other countries, so that Big Violent People can continue to profit
off of, support and encourage Little Violent People.
Anybody know any Drug Barons or International Terrorists (TM) who can't get themselves and their lackeys all of the firepower they require to 'take care of business'?
Anyone think crypto-munitions will not follow the same pattern of
being taken out of the hands of hands of the 'potential drug baron
and international terroist' average citizens, and reserved for
those who have self-actualized their dreams and actually _become_
drug barons and international terrorists?
Government oppressed free-enterprise at it's finest...

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:24:46
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: BXA denies my administrative appeal 
Good to see that Freedom of Speech is being suppressed by threats of
harassment and imprisonment at the highest levels, not just among the
peons. Perhaps this could be legislated in an 'Equal Loss of Rights'
Uuhhh...because LEA Fascists are now running our 'Democracy'?

@_date: 1997-11-27 22:50:38
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Protecting America's Infrastructures 
What are the names of the public officials and employees who are
stepping forward to accept responsibility for allowing the defense
of the United States' physical and economic security to become vulnerable to destruction and debilitation?
Will there be mass resignations, as a result of those in authority
allowing this problem to develop?
It sounds like fascist elements within the government have defined
the problem in a manner which will justify oppressive government
and corporate control of everything that its citizens need in order
to survive.
There are many more threats which seem to be self-servingly going
Compromise of strong security by government interference.
Government mandating of a 'single point of failure' in electronic
  techno-systems, in the rush to legislate and regulate the power
  of the government to monitor and control all human communications
  and interactions on the face of the earth.
Government promotion of funneling everybody's electronic future into
  the same sticky web as the government's future, with the aim of
  forced march to Electronic Battan. (i.e. - putting Electronic
  day-care centers in government Electronic buildings.)
No it is not! It is not particularly essential unless the goal is to
  work toward a fascist wedding of corporate and government interests.
Does this "strategy for protecting them" involve corporations being
  armed similarly to government armed forces, or are the plans already
  in place designed to increase the armed government presence within
  corporations?
So the basic plan was to develop critical infrastructures which
  would be accessible to teeNintendoage hackers and adults who enjoy
  sex, and then criminalize their behavior as a national threat?
Did nobody notice if the rocket scientists promoting this scheme
  of Electronic Reality were all wearing Swastikas?
Is this why the government is so desperate in its headlong rush to *make* its citizens physical and financial security dependent
on government control of cyberspace?
Or to shoot the Electronic goat-herding children.
Is the Commission naming the names of government officials and the
  government employees who are responsible for the defense of the
  United States falling into such a dismal state of vulnerability?
Is the solution to replace all of the government officials, employees
  and regulators who allowed this situation to develop?
This sounds like it makes a good case for the formation of an
  Electronic security version of our armed forces to monitor and
  control all of CyberSpace.
This sounds like a good case for treating all criminals, local and
  global, with the same iron hand of the military that we would use
  to counter threats from foreign powers. Does this mean that Jim
  Bell and Kevin Mitnick will be hung for treason?
Will this 'sharing of responsibility' among "all of the players"
  involve restructuring governments and societies into a...how
  shall I put this...NEW WORLD ORDER?
Spread Fear/Uncertainty/Disinformation?
Send me a job application!
Send Mussolini a job application!
These are the fucking idiots who were supposed to already be doing
  these things, and they are the ones who got the nation into this
  current state which you are claiming is so dismal and dangerous.
If these dweebs haven't been able to access the ClueServer up to
  now, it is unlikely they will be able to do so in the future.
The mountains of laws that have criminalized the majority of our
  citizens have not been effective in preventing our society from
  becoming a dangerous place, but additional laws, criminalizing
  even more citizens and their activities will? Right...
How many more laws will be required to compensate for the bad   and useless laws?
More government.
MORE GOVERNMENT!
MORE GOVERNMENT!
MORE GOVERNMENT!
MORE GOVERNMENT!
MORE GOVERNMENT!
MORE GOVERNMENT!
MORE GOVERNMENT!
MORE GOVERNMENT!
                                          \
Reinsch...that's 'German', isn't it? {;>)========<                                           /
Why don't you all save a lot of trees and electricity and just   declare martial law right now, instead of wasting everybody's
  time and energy attempting to justify a fascist future?
You've got all the guns. You've got the press in your pocket.
  You can't even be bothered with telling *good* lies, anymore.
  What the fuck is the point of some lame game of InfoWar designed
  to provide some imaginary justification for turning the whole
  world into one large prison complex?
Why don't the world leaders all get together and count up their
  weapons and then just distribute the citizens according to the
  results? Your spin-doctors can promote it as an act of mercy
  toward the citizens who will no longer have to die defending
  their imaginary freedom.
The Truth?
  "We the people" already know that our predestined future is to
  serve in slavery under a fascist New World Order run by our
  government and corporate rulers.
  We're just pretending we don't know where society is headed, in
  order to trick you into moving more slowly. Pretty ironic, eh?
But what the hell...
If it saves the life of that single child everyone seems to be
  so worried about...
  (Personally, I think we should just 'whack' the little fucker.)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"
"The CypherPunks Secret Conspiracy to Overthrow All World Governments"

@_date: 1997-11-27 23:33:18
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Newsflash 
Tomorrow they will be adopting a proposal for an Action Plan on
promoting safe use of thought.
AKA - the Thought Police action plan
Don't tell me, let me guess...Volumandatory self-regulation?
Bring your own barf bag...

@_date: 1997-11-28 22:21:10
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [RePol] BCC IN REMAILERS 
What I love most about self-righteous jackasses is that I can usually
count on picking up a little extra beer money by betting that their last
post to a thread where they have had their ass kicked, they will crawl
out on their bellies with some lame, moralistic equivalent of,
"Yeah, but when that single child (TM) dies, _you_ will be the one who  is responsible for their death. (Pictures at 11!)"
"Sure, light bulb jokes are funny...until someone burns a retina."
  Hay, Jay...why don't you shoot twenty 'innocent' citizens at random
every time someone 'abuses' a remailer? Then you can point out how many needless deaths could be prevented by ratting out one's friends
to the remailer Gestapo. (And be sure to make everyone aware that
use of the letter, 'n', is 'abuse', in *your* definintion.)
BIG FUCKING NEWS FLASH, JACK!!!
  In the universal scheme of things, there _is_no_ abuse!
  If you read the chapter on rights in "How I Found Freedom In An Unfree World" and thought Harry Browne was being 'cute' with his one-liner, "People have a right to do to you whatever you can't stop them from
 doing."
then you might try reading it again without your hand down the front
of your pants.
HOW TO KNOW WHEN YOU'RE A FASCIST NAZI--TIP "The only people who should use the word 'we' are kings, priests and
people with tapeworms."
  Heigh, Jay...I may be a liar, an asshole and a forger, but at least
I lead with my balls. When I take it upon myself to speak for all
cypherpunks on the face of the earth, I try to do it as the "Chief
CypherPunks SpokesPerson," and not by trying to slip the "Royal WE"
up everyone's butt through the back door (redundant?).
  There ain't no 'we' when the Feds knock on a remailer's door, any
more than there is a 'we' in Jim Bell's WorldWide Conspiracy.
  Someone posts a simple question to a remailer list asking which
remailers support a certain function, and your reply is to try
to shake them down to find out the 'purity' of their 'motives'
in asking a technical question?
  Of course, you're not a Nazi, are you? "WE just want to ask you
a few questions..." before revealing 'source code', in order to
make certain that no one is going to make 'improper' use of any
remailers, or encryption packages, or graphic images of fully
clothed children, or...
  Becoming a remailer operator is one of the quickest ways I've
found to ferret out 'Big Brother Inside' (TMTCM).
  I regard most remailer operators as everyday heros, but I have
to laugh (or puke) when I see someone painting themselves, or
remailer operators as a whole, as some kind of Hero/Savior/Saint.
This is invariably followed by viewing themselves as part of
some Holy Crusade to 'save' remailer recipients from spam, or
one of the other Horsemen of the Remailer Apocalypse.
  Any technical limitations one imposes on the use of their remailer
that is not due purely to considerations in regard to survival, is
nothing more than using it as an ego-tool to play God/BigBrother.
  Even the process of trying to survive as a remailer operator leads
to one needing to reevaluate their character, beliefs and values.
e.g. - You may be able to survive by allowing Christian spamming,
but not Satanist spamming. Do you allow one, but not the other, in
order to keep from getting shut down?
e.g. - You may be able to survive by allowing anonymous email to
any .gov site except whitehouse.gov. Do you allow one, but not the
  Hey, Jay...I recognize your 'right' to answer technical questions
about remailer use only after having the person asking the question
fill out a 10-page form asking questions such as,
"Are you now, or have you ever been, a member of the Communist Party?"
  I also recognize your right to be laughed at as a lame, Nazi fuck.

@_date: 1997-11-28 23:40:29
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Naked Spook Fascism / Re: Naked Stealth 
SUMMARY: Britain is thinking of moving to a government/corporate
 merger system of secret intelligence agencies, but without making
 it an 'open secret' as is done in the US.
Bickford revealed that, in 1995, the intelligence agencies had secretly suggested to the Major government that they develop links to large companies in order to provide them with protective business The main threat to Britain now was serious economic crime and super-terrorism, involving the use of weapons of mass destruction, he said. Not only were operational officers with long experience in intelligence being lost to the private sector, others were lost because they had to take up management posts instead of carrying on in
intelligence. Tax payers were having to pay for this waste of
experience, Bickford claimed. A new national intelligence agency should be formed, he added, in order to provide protective business intelligence. It could even charge for its services. It was long overdue for the Parliamentary Intelligence Oversight Committee to instigate the process of amalgamating the three agencies. Bickfords call for more intelligence and security expertise for business was backed by Sir Peter Imbert, former Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, and other senior ex-police officers. [Duncan Campbell is a freelance writer and broadcaster, and not the  Guardians crime correspondent of the same name]
POST-SUMMARY: Truth in Fascism will allow for greater efficiency in
  sending citizens and troops overseas to die for Texaco and Pepsico,
  since there will no longer be a need to waste time and resources
  on promoting some bullshit 'freedom and democracy' claptrap to
  justify the murder of foreigners who fuck with corporate cash
  flow.

@_date: 1997-11-29 01:15:11
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
Perhaps Ralph could help the anonymous remailer 'cause' by providing
remailer operators with a list of the 'bad' people who should not
be allowed to use remailers to promote their 'wrong' views.
Maybe Mr. Hotmail could also provide a list of 'bad' words and
'bad' subjects that should be blocked, as well.
I suggest blocking Ralphie 'Kiss Your Remailer Goodbye' Hotmail.
Of course, I'm a Nazi fuck...

@_date: 1997-11-30 00:24:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
Despite your repeated denials of the good Dr. Vulis' carefully
researched revelations regarding bureau42 remailer, you still have
not had either the courage or integrity to publically explain how
you discovered that I am, in fact, Andy Dustman, unless you are,
in fact, logging and filtering your incoming remail, in fact.

@_date: 1997-11-30 02:39:53
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: At night, the ice weasels come... 
"Don't get me wrong. I'm not a technophobe. I just think people need to practice safe surfing," Cottrell says.
 "In some ways the Anonymizer is the virtual condom."

@_date: 1997-11-30 09:18:36
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: it ain't BLUE anymore! 
"This site has been removed by the provider due to its abrasive
Looks like it ain't BROWN anymore, either...

@_date: 1997-11-30 14:28:55
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: If you fought to defend your country... 
...you fit the 'profile' of the OKC bomber.
Be afraid...be very afraid.

@_date: 1997-11-30 14:32:49
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
Oh, great. Now it's going to be ruined by crass commercialism.
"The Official TruthMonger for the 1998-2448 Nuclear Winter Olympic

@_date: 1997-10-06 14:49:41
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Moderation Revisionism (Try to forget!) 
Those who are so quick to act as apologists for the C2Nut blitzkreig
on the anarchistic freedom of the CypherPunks list forget that by the
end of the 'moderation experiment,' the mailing list had lost an
estimated 6 million Jewish subscribers.
It is likely that we would have lost even more, had it not been for the
valiant efforts of Dimitri Vulis to warn us about murdering Armenian
bastards in our midst.
When the Johnboot of Fascism descended on the CypherPunks mailing list,
the evil Dr. Sandfort was given free reign to do bizarre experiments
with twin mailing lists, severing parts of toad.com's electronic brain
into seperate sections, and producing a mutant clone which was passed
off as the original entity.
Unfortunately, the Electronic DNA of the mutant strain of the list was
not stable, and began to disintegrate, resulting in a denigration of
the mutant list body to the point where parts of its electronic body
began to become corrupted, even falling completely off, at times.
After the nuking of toad.com and Nagasaki, the list CypherSpace was
divided up among the winners, with the Eastern Block under control
of Comrade Chewd-Off, the Western Block was apparently liberated under
the flag of InfoNex (although their ties to the C2Nut secret government
remain in place), and Texas, as always, remained a seperate CypherPunk
nation just south of Intel, with Commander in Chief Choate launching a
bandwidth race to keep ahead of the Eastern Block.
Currently there are calls for crypto disarmament coming from the peace-loving folks in DC, in the interests of making the world a
safer place, but they are meeting resistance from crypto-guerillas
who refuse to recognize that the war is over and it is time for
us to ask, "Why can't we all just get along (a long toilet plunger
and shove it up somebody's ass)."
DigiCash remained neutral during the moderation experiment and denies
that they are in possession of large sums of eca$h left with them for
safekeeping by the missing Jewish members of the mailing list.
There have been rumors that many of the leaders of the attack on the
CypherPunks list escaped to Anguilla, a small island in the Caribbean,
where they plotted an even greater conspiracy to take over all of
cryptography by seizing control of the financial cryptography arena,
but Herr Hettinga claims that it was simply a meeting of the Bavarian
Illuminati. He denies any claim that there were closed meetings in
which a secret alliance was formed with the Japanese, but recent
activity by Jochi Ito has led many to suspect that this is indeed the
In my private meetings with the remaining members of the CypherPunks
mailing lists, each of them confirmed that they are members of one
three-letter organization or another, although most of them continue
to deny it in public. Kent Crispin and Phillip Hallam-Baker asked me
to please not blow their 'covers,' so I will not comment on them
I hope that this clears things up for everybody. Now just try to forget
all about it.

@_date: 1997-10-06 22:44:53
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The Right to Work for Nobody / Re: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dreamed of" 
I hate to inject too strong a note of reality into arguments that I
would like to agree wholeheartedly with, but I believe that there has
been so much thievery of both property and rights (individual and
corporate) that it is extremely difficult to make a strong case for
any pure argument any more.
First, the federal government gives a business confiscated land to
support a failing industry, the state gives them huge tax breaks
to move from elsewhere, the city does the same, while taxing you
even more to support the grand growth schemes that the mayor and
council members are getting rich on, and then the company announces
that you can 'choose' not to work there if you don't like their
In Canada, one could 'choose' not to work for Safeway Stores, but the
chain would come into a community and undersell everyone until the
locals were run out of business, then raise prices dramatically.
In theory, you could choose to *not* work for Safeway, but in reality,
there was no one else left *to* choose to work for in the grocery

@_date: 1997-10-07 03:30:51
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The Right to Work for Nobody / Re: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dreamed of" 
Nothing personal, shit-for-brains, but this sounds like the 'standard
speech' you have prepared, waiting only for a 'trigger' before you fire
it off...
  I was making reference to the simple fact that 'Caveat Hemptor' still
rules, but does so with the backing of men who can afford to hire thugs
called policemen to back their action.
  My point is that Safeway has every right to bring their competition
to financial ruin, just as Nestle's has every right to give away their
baby formulae for free in impoverished countries, just long enough for
the mother's milk to dry up, at which time their babies die if they
can't afford to buy Nestle's product.
  I reserve the right, however, to whack their sorry asses out if I decide that my world will be a better place without their scheming
for their own profit at the expense of those who believe the fairy
tales they tell while planning to buttfuck the people all along.
  The rest of your post is proof that one should not read Ayn Rand
while high on acid, but I'm glad you could get all of that off your
chest, just the same.
  The point I was making, if you care to respond to it once the buzz
wears off, is that the 'playing field' has been twisted so far out of
askew that it is difficult to make any judgements about capitalism
versus socialism, etc., since the world is standing on its head.
  I sincerely doubt that 'capitalists' getting paid 'not to grow' cotton/corn/whatever, are a far cry different from the socialists
getting paid 'not to go to work.'
  There are no longer any capitalists or socialists, there are only
people projecting images with political rhetoric and ten-second
  I am beginning to think that the *only* way to level the playing
field is with a nuclear grader. (If only I could figure out where this damn yellow wire goes...)

@_date: 1997-10-07 11:46:45
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: off-topic 
Or 'off' the idiots...
  Same arguments I used during my conviction for selling heroin over
at the public school. Canadian judges just don't understand capitalism.

@_date: 1997-10-07 12:33:24
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [Pigdog] ViaCrypt slowly excecutes Timmy C. May 
Yes, although there are no law enforcement agents currently using it.

@_date: 1997-10-07 22:44:28
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: y2K SOLVED!!! / Re: y2k 
While watching the Jerry Springer Show this morning, "Update: I Cut Off
My Manhood," I realized that the solution to the year 2000 problem is
On Jan 1, 2000, all the TV stations can begin showing nothing but Jerry
Springer shows until programmers have time to work out all of the bugs
in the system.
This will keep the people most likely to panic and cause all sorts of
problems busy, while giving people with brain cells left time to fix
whatever problems may remain. (Even if this takes a few years to sort
out, the Power of The Tube is capable of the task.)
I have to go prepare my Nobel Prize acceptance speech...

@_date: 1997-10-09 18:05:07
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Where is _my_ blowjob? 
Visited the CNN website earlier.
I wasn't at all surprised to see the factual errors and pandering to government spoon feeders for the main sources of many CNN stories.
After all, when Captial Hill'$ bottom feeders give away fify billion
dollars worth of valuable digital airwave bandwidth, I expect them to
ask for a few extras thrown in with the usual bribes and blow-jobs.
So it was no great surprise to find CNN still reporting the LIE that
the child-rapist/murderer in New Jersey had been a victim of a sexual
predator he had met on the InterNet, despite the fact that the news
services who *aren't* part of the fifty billion dollar giveaway of
taxpayer-citizen's public resources have been reporting the FACTS for
quite some time now.
Seems the guy bopping the murderer met him on a 1-900 line. Should I hold my breath waiting for the loud calls by reporters and
legislators for strict new laws taking away citizens' rights to
free speech on the phone systems of America, or would that be
dangerous to my health?
I know that CNN also has to fill in a few spaces between government
spoon-fed mind-control propaganda being fed to the citizens by the
recipients of the public largess, so that CNN is forced to throw in
a few quickie references to some other websites and information other
than that which comes directly out of the assholes of Lying Fuck Freeh
and Nazi Cunt Reno, such as:
Crime on the Superhighway Investigator Lynn Zwicke
However, did somebody on the staff get a blow-job in return for
putting a supposed NEWS pointer to this schmuck's ADVERTISEMENT
for his or her PI business?
I certainly hope that this is the case, since someone should have gotten
*something* for opening CNN up to a lawsuit for providing a pointer to
an incompetent schmuck who is spreading extremely bad FUD (fear,
uncertainty, disinformation) in regard to child abuse and abusers,
in order to turn a quick buck.
I imagine that CNN has some fine-print disclaimer somewhere, explaining
that they are not responsible for the victims of incompetent and perhaps
unlicensed schmucks that CNN blesses with their own reputation capital
when directing people to supposed news/information sites, but I doubt
that the parent of an abused child or a falsely accused child abuse
victim is going to be to impressed, nonetheless, with CNN's lack of
integrity in not spending the time, effort and expense needed to make certain that they are not throwing their trusting readers into
the mouths of waiting hyenas.
I'm still waiting for the CNN story which replies to the DoJ and FBI
*HANDOUTS* detailing their list of 4,000 suspected pedophiles, with
a question as to whether some of the 800 LEA's present at the murder
of the religious group in Waco perhaps didn't have some extra time
on their hands that might have been better spent investigating all
of these alleged pedophiles, rather than pushing and shoving each
other to get pictures of burning children.
OK, I'm holding my breath, starting........NOW!

@_date: 1997-10-10 18:00:43
@_author: TruthMangler 
@_subject: Monty Cantsin Exposed! / Re: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
Let me give you the *dirt* on Monty Cantsin.
Anyone who has visited h/is/er alleged website will realize that I speak
the trooth when I say that s/he was kicked out of the Electronic Forgery
Foundation when it was discovered that s/he was forging posts in h/is/er
own name.
The EFF has a policy of disbarrment for those who maintain consisent
forged personas. After all, without rules there is chaos...and
"Vote Bill Stewart for EFF forger of the year!"

@_date: 1997-10-10 18:01:15
@_author: TruthMangler 
@_subject: Where is _my_ blowjob? 
You're an LEA, getting plump feeding off the fat of the land. You are
confiscating vehicles, homes, money, businesses, every time you find
someone in possession of a joint.
The citizens are getting a little edgy about this, when someone murders
an 11 year old boy, creating a big stink in the community.
The chief suspects are the Ramseys, but the local cops hand you a
quick and easy fix, so that you can get back to your more profitable
What do you do?
Not that I'm cynical, but I've seen this shit go down too many times,
from the inside, so I don't necessarily suck on every spoon stuck in
front of my face by the mainstream media.

@_date: 1997-10-13 20:27:45
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: [RePol] First Post! 
Hash: SHA1
Jari Aalto, confirmed by veteran, respected CypherPunk Dr. Dimitir Vulis, KOTM, to be a government disinformation
  DO!
  Notice there is no verifiable URL pointer given for this alleged
reference. Typical of spoofing attacks.   According to who? Aunt Ema, or Tot?
that 'you'
  Bullshit. Email is no less secure than other channels on the
(Is too!) {Is not!} (Is too!) {Is not!} (Is too!) {Is not!}
The chances of your public key being compromised through email to a mailing list are slim.
  Bad idea! It makes it vulnerable to attack by those with access to
your system(s), as well as to attack by outside hackers.
  Be aware that the public-key servers are run by agents of the
government whose goal is to prevent crypto users from avoiding
their keys with coming GAK laws.
  Which is full of lies!
  Please note that the proper procedures for obtaining and using
Crypto Keys are outlined by CypherPunk Notable Newbie of the Year,
A. Hoir, in a series of posts on the CypherPunks mailing list.
  I am including my public key below, within the body of this email,
and it can be verified by checking it against the listing for my
keys on the keyserver at  .
  Lastly, and most importantly, take the time and effort to verify
for yourself any claims made by those posting to mailing lists, in
general, and using anonymous or misleading personas, in particular.
SUBSCRIBE to

@_date: 1997-10-14 01:43:42
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: InfoWar Epilogue 2 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 9517 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-10-14 04:55:06
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: mailing list attacks (was Re: Stronghold) 
Many weird things happened during the course of the list censorship, not
the least of which was that every time someone on the list pointed out
apparent discrepancies between what was announced as being done and
reality, the mechanizations behind the list would change to become
more obscure.
More than one list member called this bullshit when I pointed it out, then shit a brick  when they researched the matter themselves, and found it to be true.
I was subscribed to all three lists at one time or another, and was
also subscribed from more than one account. I also had another list
member forward me their archive of posts from the lists.
There was a variety of interesting things which one could divine from
the different 'versions' of the list that appeared from these three
sources, one of which was that some controversial posts seemed to
go out from toad.com to *only* the person who sent it (or to people
who were cc:'d on the post), making it appear to the sender that their post had gone out to everyone on the list.
I had already suspected this from the fact that some rather outrageous
posts seemed to go unnoticed on the list, and I had confirmed it to
a certain extent by cc:'ing and bcc:'in certain individuals, but an
analysis of all the posts in my possession, from different sources,
confirmed it beyond doubt.
Although a variety of individuals could confirm various details of what I have described, the 'facts' are still pretty much meaningless
to those who did not personally do the footwork themselves.
Much the same applies to the Corporate Message Recovery of the new
alien-PGP being discussed on the Cypherpunks list.
Your best weapon is your nose. When something smells bad, it usually
is. All of the analysis I did of list posts served mainly to convince
myself that my original deductions, based on far less information,
were correct.
My main problem with the new product is that it trades on the name and
reputation of PGP to promote a product which serves a totally different
market and need.
It is similar to my using the status of a long-established
Crazy Ramblings" mailing list to promote "TruthMonger's Trustworthy
Products Mailing List" to the three list subscribers. (Or the use of
Lennon's music to sell sneakers... )
The *real* question is: "Does the packaging have a picture of an actor
a white smock, with a stethescope around his neck, a big-breasted nurse,
licking her hot, wet lips, and a child, petting a dog?"
If it does, then buy all of the company's stock that you can get your
hands on.

@_date: 1997-10-14 07:20:20
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: CMR paves the road to GAK, and provides no corporate security. 
One problem is that Corporations are learning that it is in their best
interests, and moreover, *possible*, to computerize access to private
employee information both on and off the jobsite.
  As well, corporations share information amongst themselves that they
do not share with even the employee in question.
  There was the case of a man who tested positive for AIDS when getting
a physical, etc., for company health insurance. The health insurer turned him down for coverage, and wouldn't tell him why, although they
told his employer and every other health agency in the world. The man's
wife contacted AIDS much later and is now going to die, as well.   Companies exist who *require* their employees to put in long, unpaid
hours, center their life around the company, yet regard all of the
employees communications, even during *unpaid* time, to be owned by
them. Then they will turn around and fire said employee when they
read his/her private email and find out there is a history of cancer
in the family, or some such, even if it is in their imagination.
  There are already cases of people being denied health coverage
because of 'pre-existing' conditions, based on the fact that their
company communications revealed that their great-grandfather had the
same disease, etc.
  These are just small examples off the top of my head, but I know I
see more and more use of private information gleaned from inside and
outside companies to determine everything from health coverage to
  I personally know of a woman who has been consistently denied promotions because her company's investigation of her revealed that
many of her female relatives have a large number of children. When
she changed jobs, that information was actually sent to her new
employer. (Perhaps she could spend the next ten years of her life
suing someone/everyone, but that's no way to live.)
  The strange shit is already happening, and will increase, as the
Corporations feel that what is good for the Government Gander is
good for the Corporate Goose.

@_date: 1997-10-16 00:10:00
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Security flaw in PGPverify of INN (fwd) 
Please don't believe this "security flaw". democracy is working
just fine and if the responsible person will use democracy correctly, there is no problem at all.
[Government Email Montior National Security Approval # CP709-PC]
[Inspected by # 13]

@_date: 1997-10-16 16:37:55
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Security flaws introduced by "other readers" in CMR 
Greg Broiled:
  Yes, I am a lunatic, but I'm really not in that bad of shape when
compared to the 'normal' people.
  I once worked with a 'state of the art' alarm security company. They
had all the hi-tech toys, including a special 'goo' covering the
proprietary computer chip, so that it would be destroyed if anyone
messed with it.
  We installed 'the works' in a Royal Bank in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan,
in my first week of employment, and I was with the head guy when he
finished off the job by taking me upstairs and showing me how to
tie into the phone line so the system could automatically notify
the local gendarmes when the alarms got tripped.
  As we 'finished the job,' I noticed that there was a door to the
outside, beside the power and phone boxes, which did not have a 'trip
plate' on it. I mentioned it to Mr. Head Guy, who looked at his
work order and said, "Not in the contract." We 'finished the job'
and left.
  If you are ever in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, drop by the Royal Bank,
climb the fire escape up to the roof, kick the fucking door down and
go grab yourself a handful of cash. (It is not *quite* that simple,
in case you are wondering.)
  I also know a man in Tucson, Arizona, who installed a $10,000 home
security system and then cut the wire to the alarm bell, because it
was too loud.
  I recognize the dangers inherent in PGP's move toward Corporate
Message Recovery, but I also recognize that there will be a thousand
Joe Schmoe's adversely affected by it for every CypherPunk who gets
backdoored as a result of misuse of the technology.
  I think that it is admirable that a number of CypherPunks are railing
loudly against something which is more likely to bring other people to
grief, rather than themselves.
  I truly believe that PGP has made some serious errors in their
current implementation of Corporate security software, but it is
something that is indeed coming, like it or not, and I have more
confidence that there may be better hope for proper changes in the package in the future, than I would in the 'Pretty Louis Freeh Privacy' software company was the first to develop the technology.
My advice? (Thanks for asking...)
1. Help to install/develop the package at companies which are run
 by decent humans, and truly have good intentions. Explain the pros
and cons to them, and what you feel are moral areas to consider before making changes in your suggested modus operandi.
   Oh yes...and put in a back door, or some such, so that you may
have a chance to make necessary changes if the situation changes in the future.
2. Help to install/develop the package at companies which need it
 and will get some such program in the future, regardless of the
 ethical functionality of the package. Explain your feelings in  regard to the ethics of control versus privacy and try to help
 them understand that basic human decency is in their long-term
 interest.
  Put in *several* back doors, so that you can route around any
damage they cause by putting profits ahead of ethics.
3. Help to install/develop the package at companies which have
 the worst of fascist, evil intentions. Don't bother explaining
 the ethical issues, as they will only use them as guidelines to
 do the opposite.
   Put a time-bomb in the son-of-a-bitch which will explode in
 a few months time and put them completely out of business.
  I have put some type of backdoor in *every* product I have
developed. I have used the backdoor *once*, in order to rescue
a company from their own stupidity.
  I did not inform them of my 'fix,' but let them believe that
the system 'fixed itself.' (Right...it happens all the time...)
If I *had* informed them that I had fixed their fuck-up via a
backdoor I had built in, I have no doubt they would have thanked
me profusely for my foresight, and then demanded that I remove
the backdoor.
  There was one application I developed that had the potential
to make me a very rich person if I chose to misuse a backdoor
in the future. I had to sit down, recognize the temptation and
my own weakness, and decide if it was still in my client's best
interest if I installed a back door in the product.
  The company out-and-out screwed me out of several thousand
dollars at the end of the project, and I am rather proud to
report that I considered and rejected the use of the backdoor
I installed in order to 'enforce' *justice* (and it took less
than a minute to decide it was not worth 'taking the chance' of
being wrong, and therefore a thief--or being 'right' and still
being a thief).
  I am proud of the CypherPunks who are speaking their mind, even
if it means aligning themselves against the Holy Grail of privacy
and security.   I believe that we should rail loud and long against those things
which we perceive to be against the interests of the privacy and
security of the individual cogs in the corporate machinery, but
should still promote the interests of a company which is probably
the best horse to back, even if there are no future guarantees.
  I also believe that we should search hard and long for ways to
throw a serious fuck into said program, just in case...
  I have already found one exploitable weakness in PGP's CMR
implementation, which shall remain my own secret.
  Any further exploitable weaknesses I find will be shared with
others, privately.
  I wish that Viacrypt had not tied their CMR software to PGP's
reputation, since it is a product based on a different concept,
but I also wish that I had picked different numbers for last
week's million dollar lottery.
  I am willing to give Viacrypt time to recognize whether or not
they have compromised ethics to a certain extent, in return for
convenience and market position. I try not to 'Nuke the bastards!'
on a whim, but I am always ready and willing to do so if it becomes undeniably clear that it is time to take a stand.
  I would like to thank those who have spoken out on both sides
of the issue involved, particularly in light of their willingness
to seek and listen to alternative viewpoints. I hate having to
sort through people's righteously held prejudices in order to
get to the fruits of their analytic labors.
  The issues involved in Viacrypt's choice of direction and their
chosen implementation of corporate security software is truly a
nadir point in encryption development. It is too important an
issue for any of us to take a predetermined stance in order to
defend our private points of view and predilections.
  'Schindler's List' provided an excellent viewpoint of things not
always being what they seem, or not ending up the way they started
out. At the same time, the film may be a bogus representation of the true facts of life involved in the situation.
  A different approach by Schindler may have resulted in a better or worse resolution to the events, and we shall never know, but I
do believe that the man did the best that he could.
  I plan on doing the best I can to further the spread of strong
encryption, regardless of whether or not any particular product
or implementation makes me nervous at a certain stage of its
  However, I truly hope that, if I am in error, someone believing
and doing the exact opposite of myself will prevail.   Besides death and taxes, there is one other thing that I think
is undeniably certain...world events are changing at such an
increasingly fast pace that, regardless of the direction the future takes, it is *not* going to be boring.

@_date: 1997-10-16 16:41:25
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Rules of Engagement on Video 
I thought it was a great example of what the news really *is*, as
opposed to the 'version' of news that this-or-that segment of society
would like to hear.
  No matter what your natural prediliction for 'slanting' your world
view, the "Rules of Engagement" documentary will likely shame you
into looking at the Waco tragedy from a variety of points of view,
since it is difficult to bullshit yourself when someone else is being
so dang-blasted honest about the whole situation.
  The problem with honest people is that you see your own honesty
reflected in them, and it makes it hard to tell yourself the 'usual'
  "It wasnt' really murder, because he/she was black/communist/jewish/
republican/had bad breath...so it's not like they are really dead, and
*I* killed them."
  I would advise everyone to get a copy of "Waco:the rules of
but not necessarily to watch it right away.
  If you have a point of view to 'defend'--if you 'need' to see one
as 'good' and the other 'side' as 'evil,' then just put the video in a
drawer somewhere until you reach the point where you get tired of all
the bullshit, including your own.
  I 'need' for Kent Crispin to be a government shill and part of the
worldwide plot against me, because I don't want to fully face everything
he has to say, just yet. There are certain things that I still want
to believe, right or wrong.
  When I get tired enough of my own bullshit in those areas, I will
fully listen to Kent's point of view and decide what logic and reason
tell me is *true*, in spite of what I *wish* to be true...
(Although I fully expect to discover, at that point in time, that Kent
 is right about *one* thing, and I am right about all of the rest.)
  I was uncertain about the conclusions drawn by those making the video,
not having an adequate knowledge base to realistically make a judgement
one way or another (on the point made above), so I asked the opinion of
a friend who is 'Mr. Soldier.' (This guy would court-martial Patton for
an improper salute, quoting chapter and verse.)
  He gave me the 'standard speech' upon hearing my request (towing the
government line--defending Mom, apple-pie and the American Flag). After
having viewed the video, however, he was quite honest in telling me that
he felt that a grievous wrong had been done, by people who should have
held themselves to a higher standard, given their position of authority
and the level of ethical responsibility that comes with it.
  I get a dollar for every video sold, so I may be a bit prejudiced.
(Just kidding!)

@_date: 1997-10-16 17:54:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Praise the Lord! / Re: anti-GAK design principles: worked example #1 
Praise the Lord!
  The CypherPunks mailing list dialogue re: CMR/PGP is CypherPissing at
its finest.
  As a cryptographer, I am pretty much a carpetbagging pretender, but,
up to now, I have managed to fool quite a number of people into thinking
that I may understand the issues involved in privacy, security and
  Now that the shit has seriously hit the fan, however, I find that I
am completely clueless as to the true import of the latest developments
which will decide the future of encryption. (And I suspect that I am
not alone in this.)
  I believe that my philosophical viewpoints of encryption issues are
valid in many ways (and probably irrelevant in other ways), but the
current nadir point in encryption development is one in which there is
no possibility of many of us making sound decisions as to what position
we should ethically take, unless those who truly have a solid grounding
in the underlying technology manage to accurately explain the issues
involved to those of us who *don't* dream in algorithms.
  I am extremely pleased with Adam Back's in-your-face, "I'm from
Missouri...show me!" attitude, since I think that this issue is
important enough that no one should give an inch of ground until
their philosophical opponents have given them valid cause for doing
so. I am also pleased that Adam is honestly and openly asking for
those who *can* 'show' him, to do so.
  I am also every bit as interested in hearing and learning from the
position that Jon Callas is taking, based upon his own knowledge of
what CMR/PGP is, and is not.
  I honestly do not care in the least whether Adam and Jon are 'both
right', whether they are both 'half-right', or none of the above.
  What I *do* care about is that they both honestly state their case
to the extent that I have enough information to make my own decision
as to what future course of action I should take on these issues.
  My depth of concern in this matter springs from the following:
I care...and I act. As a result, my actions have effects, for which
I consider myself responsible.
  I truly believe that abortion results in the extinguishing/murder
of a divine spark of human/spiritual life energy. Yet I risked my
life and my freedom, helping my sister smuggle home-abortion literature into a predominantly Catholic country behind the Iron
Curtain. Why? Because it is not up to me to make the decisions
for *everyone*, and I do not believe that it is in the interest
of humanity to have *two* spirits die because those who choose
to do home abortions do not have access to information that will
preserve their life.
  The 'Right To Life' faction will publish *their* statistics and
opinions, as will the 'Pro Choice' faction, but I refuse to take
the easy way out and convince myself that I can flip a coin to
decide which faction will bear the responsibility for *my* own
decision in the matter.
  The coming developments in information technology will undoubtably
make George Orwell look like an optomist.
  We have to make our decisions without having the benefit of hindsight
that history affords us. If Hitler had indeed only wanted 'Austria', then the concessions that world leaders of the time made might have
proven to have saved many needless deaths. History has proven this to
be wrong, but those of us who did not live through that time would have
a difficult time divining who was 'honestly wrong' and who 'sold out.'
  How many guilty men should go free in order to guarantee that a single
innocent man is not imprisoned?
  My answer: "More than one, less than a million." (ymmv)
  I could be wrong, *but*:
  With PGP 5.0, I found that if someone sent me a message that
was encrypted to someone else, I would get a message telling me
that I didn't have the proper key, but would not tell me who the
message *was* encrypted to.
  I could drop into PGP 2.6.2 and get a message saying (paraphrased),
"Encrypted to John Doe , you don't have that key."
(OK, *badly* paraphrased.)
  With PGP 2.6.2, I routinely used a bogus password in my first pass at
decyphering messages, so that I could find out who all the message was
encrypted to. It makes me nervous that one has to 'make a mistake' in
order to get 'the rest of the story', rather than automatically be
informed when a message is also encrypted to others.
  Also, as a 'teaser', I would like to announce to one and all that
the quickly closing saga of 'InfoWar' will include an epilogue
chapter titled, "I Broke PGP," written by myself.
  Believe it or not, I speak the truth, although not in a way that
it direct and obvious.
  If you think I am bullshiting, then stop washing your asshole,
starting today, because if you can show me I am wrong, I will kiss
your ugly, hairy ass.
Love and Kisses,

@_date: 1997-10-19 05:37:58
@_author: TluthMonglel 
@_subject: CPUNK Thread from the East / (Was: The Yarrow Man Ass) / (Was: You Go Away! Bother ROUND EYE CypherPunks. Chop, chop!) / (Was: TORA! TORA! TORA!...DC) / (Was: OUBAKAYAROU!!) 
Bill merely recognizes that the creation of both an English and a
Japanese CPUNKZ Distributed Mailing List is a sly trick of devious
oriental minds.
  I am somewhat of an expert in International & Foreign Affairs, particularly in terms of the Orient, since I eat at a lot of Chinese
restaurants, in Canada. (I am not certain if Chinese and Japanese eyes
slant in the same direction, but I'm sure that the basic principles
apply to both, nonetheless.)
  For starters, have you ever noticed that Chinese people usually take
your food order in broken English, and then go into the kitchen and
give the cook orders in Chinese?
  This is because they are plotting to poison you, Jim.
  Most Canadians know this, and we eat a piece of the fortune cookie
supplied at the end of the meal, since it contains an antidote to the
poison that enables Chinese people to lure their Round Eyed friends
into the restaurant by eating with them, and then take the antidote
by eating part of their fortune cookie.
  The Chinese mask the true nature of this deception by putting some
meaningless Confucian tripe-message inside, such as "Patience comes
to those who wait." The unsuspecting read the message and discard the
cookie containing the antidote to the poison.
  This is why we see so many American tourists go into our Chinese restaurants, and so few come out. (Except maybe inside the stomachs of Canadians.)
  You are correct about this, and Bill reports that he has noticed nothing suspicious, proving what a sly bunch of devils you really are.
  Every paranoic knows that, when you look out the window and don't see
anybody out there watching you...you are up against pros.
  Sure. We got the Commies on one side of us, the Japs on the other                  WAKE UP CPUNX AMERICA!
  The Yarrow Man-Ass is massing remailers along the Japanese-US border.
(The Pacific Ocean) They have the Tokyo Rose (cypherpunks-e) list in
place, to spread their propaganda among our troops.
  The Commies have infiltrated the CPUNDITS Distributed Remailer system.
Igor's secret agenda is to translate 'Distributed' into "From each, as
he is able...to each, according to his need."
  Do you think that Commie-ratfucker, Igor Chewed-Off is filtering out
the duplicate messages for OUR benifit? It's the same-old-same-old, with
those at the top hoarding the messages and letting a few trickle down
to the subscribing masses, to keep us from being revolting.
  The CDR Czars keep all of the good messages for themselves, and let the rest of us have just enough messages to survive. Ever try to get
a message from the list at 4 a.m.? They are few and far between. Even
when you create your own message and send it to the list, the CDR List
Masters force you to share it with everyone else.
("Who will help me write the message, said the Little Red Hen?")
  Sure, Jim, add a few Mexican sites, why don't you?
  Have you 'forgotten' the Alamo, Jim? Shame. Shame.
"I eat dogs."

@_date: 1997-10-20 01:01:34
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Quantum Leaps in PGP 
...   From Privacy Protection for the Individual to the Government Choice
in SnoopWare. Is it possible to do that while keeping your panties on?
Perverted minds want to know...
  True. This is why it seems all the more odd that PGP leapt over the
obvious to introduce *exactly* what Lying Jackoff Fuck Louis J. Freeh
is asking for--***___IMMEDIATE___*** access to communications.
  Corporate Message Recovery amounts to a _Real-Time_Wiretap_ on email
communications. Bonus Question: "Why would a government agency bother with getting a
  court order to _use_ a key they are already in possession of, and
  how would we know if they use it, if they don't have to go to an
  outside source to get possession of it?"
Bonus Prize: One freeh bomb.
Bonus Stupid Question: "Why don't you give me your life savings, to   hold for you, and I will only spend it after getting permission
  from someone who won't know whether I am spending it, or not,
  anyway."
Bonus Stupid Prize: One freeh-dumb.
  The government is quite simply trying to poke enough holes in a
variety of privacy/security areas, so that they can shine 'a thousand
points of light' into our private affairs and communications.
  In order to spy on everyone in a corporation, would you rather have
to break a thousand keys, or just one key? Hmmm...tough question...

@_date: 1997-10-20 01:10:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: GAT & GAB 
Anyone notice the court ruling in regard to the company that sued
to retrieve information that was inside an employee's head, claiming
that his employment agreement made *all* of his ideas the property
of the company.
  Anyone notice that the Thought Judge ruled that the Thought Laws
required the individual to divulge said ideas, or be imprisoned by
the Thought Police?
   Real-Time Message Recovery = Real-Time Thought Recovery                       PGP/CMR = Digital Brain Implants Government Access to Thoughts = Government Access to Brains

@_date: 1997-10-20 18:45:05
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: InfoWar Epilogue 5 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 20096 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-10-23 10:19:45
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
I remember standing beside a farmer in Buttfuck, North Dakota, as we watched an antique roadster cruise by. He said, "They don't
make 'em like that, anymore.", to which I replied, "Yeah, and they
probably never did."
  I have nothing against the 'standard phrases' being dug out of the
back of the closet and thrown in the general direction of 'the usual suspects', every now and again, for the purposes of verifying that
this or that list member has done his or her Cpunx 'required reading.
{Ayn Rand, Snow Crash, Applied Cryptology, Tales from the Crypt...)
  However, I sometimes wonder if some of the 'freeh-market' advocates
on the list, after reading '1984', didn't say to themselves, "Gee, I
think Winston should have just moved somewhere else."
FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Your license, please?
  Debra Nutall of Memphis, Tenn. thought she was an American success
when she turned her hair-braiding skills into a business and got off
welfare two years ago.
  But now the Tennessee state cosmetology board is trying to close down
Memphis shop in a licensing dispute.
  "They call us bootleg braiders in the papers and it hurts," Nutall
reporter Paul Shepard of the Associated Press. "We pay our taxes and
this as professional as we can. Would they rather have me back on
  Allow me to point out that there is no longer anywhere 'to go' in
order to avoid Big Brother, Little Brother, Invisible Brother...
  You can move to Mars, but you're still responsible for paying US
taxes, so God help you if you ever come back (or if 'they' come and
get you).
  *Starts* eavesdropping? Where you been, Bubba?
  When a Company has the 'right' to wiretap you, search you, and make
you piss in a jar, as well as having their own armed forces monitoring
you and patrolling your workplace, the main difference between them
and the government is that the corporation usually doesn't pretend
to allow you to vote.
  Like the ads for the Pizza chain, 'Brother' doesn't come in the
size, anymore. We have Big Brother, Bigger Brother, and All That Can Eat
You Brother.

@_date: 1997-10-25 12:45:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Declan speaks out on NAMBLA and TIME 
SECONDS: Is there any activity that should be forbidden?
DECLAN: I'm not in the business of making laws like that. I don't know
exactly how to define what's underage and what's intimidation. Kids have
to be protected and I sympathize with those who want to write a law. I'm
just saying you have to control the bureaucracy and be extremely careful
about demagoguery. At the moment, there's too much demagogic hysteria for people to be thinking sensibly about it.
SECONDS: Does it help the government get further into people's houses?
DECLAN: Another pretext for extension of police apparatuses. Another excuse for the government desire to be able to snoop in on any electronic conversation. It's a useful thing to get votes. I would say where force and violence are involved, where mental violence is involved, there's a fine line. What about some thirteen-year-old kid whose parents have beat him up and rejected him and is out on the street looking for love, hungry, taken in by some pederast who treats him nicely, gives him an education, sleeps with him - what are you gonna do? What humanely should be done? How are you going to make the distinction? The cops don't make the distinction. The law doesn't make the distinction. NAMBLA's good for making public discussion on this issue, discussing what should be the right laws. People want to scapegoat the discussion. They're willing to talk about it publicly all the time and bust people but sensible discussion seems to be out of the question. I've been accused of being a child rapist simply because I went on the air and said I was a member of NAMBLA. Ten years ago, I saw in Time Magazine an attack on NAMBLA saying it was a group involved in "the systematic exploitation of the weak and immature by the powerful and At first reading, it struck me as a precise characterization of Time's own assault on the American mind.   OK, so it was really Alan Ginsberg who said the above. I'll try and
put the universe back in balance, later, by attributing some of Declan's
comments to Ginsberg.

@_date: 1997-10-26 03:23:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Lipstick Curves 
Anon-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
  You sick bastard. This is a _crypt_ list, not a _creep_ list.
Even someone whose mail alias is 'semiprincipled' should understand
the difference. Ask ? the Platypus for some pointers.

@_date: 1997-10-26 03:51:25
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Paid Ad for Michael Froomkin / Re: Office of the Secretary of Defense vs the First Amendment (fwd) 
Michael Froomkin paid John Young $5.00 to write:   You should have held out for $10.00 and a blow-job from a puppy
to be named later, like me.
My Testimonial:
  I lay bleeding to death in the back of the ambulance as the driver
became hopelessly lost. It was only when he stopped to check his map,
that Michael Froomkin, clinging to the back bumper, was able to climb inside and give the driver directions to the hospital.
  Michael not only saved my life, but he also sued the ambulance
company, the driver, the attendant, the doctor, nurses and hospital,
two witnesses to the accident, a guy in the emergency room with a
broken leg, a woman I raped six years ago, and the parents of the
two missing children who were found buried in my back yard.
  Michael had me legally change my name to Buddha, so I could collect
for the pain and suffering of the whole world, and I received a
judgment of 6 billion dollars.
  His fees came to 6 billion and two hundred dollars, but Michael
was kind enough to let me make payments on the two hundred, at only
27% interest.
  Some would have you believe that he did no more for me than any
other lawyer would do, but I think he's special.

@_date: 1997-10-26 11:01:12
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Buttfucking Bad BillyG 
It looks like the DOJ is getting tired of bungholing the cold, dead
carcass of Horatio Alger, and is now looking for a fresh, pink rim to
act as a depository for the zygote of the Reptilian Nazis that they
are bringing out of their secret underground bunkers to head the FBI
Criminal Factory/Crime Laboratory and the IRS.
I've spent more than my share of time on the front-lines of the computer
industry, throwing rocks at the windows of the MS-DOS code-writers, but
I also spent a fair amount of time searching out tools, such as 4DOS,
which allowed me to route around the damage caused by a PC market base
of end-users whose biggest concern was not chipping their nails while
typing, so they would look good when flirting with the guys in suits
who showed up to charge their bosses outrageous sums of money for making
all of the dichotomous software enemies of the MS-DOS operating system play nicely with one another without leaving blood on the hard drive.
As 'The World's Foremost Computer Expert', I tried to talk some sense
into Unix and Xenix producers and vendors.
"Give the shit away!" I told them, time and time again. "You're not
going to go broke having everyone in the fucking world using your
product, and counting on you for support."
They wouldn't listen. Usually, they just bought a few copies of my
Country Porno albums and sent me on my way.
I wanted to provide my individual customers with UNIX/XENIX OS's
and applications, but the producers and vendors didn't want my
individual customers' business. They wanted a Grand to say 'hello'
and a million bucks worth of software and support sales so that
even their janitors could buy a new suit in this year's latest
'power color.'
So I put my corporate customers into UNIX/XENIX and my individual
customers into MS-DOS.
And I am not interested in hearing Sun Microsystems or anyone else
whining about Bad BillyG capturing the market that he was going
after while they captured the market that they were going after.
SCO finally came out with a single/double user GUI product (can't
even remember it's name) which was years ahead of what Windows
finally became after M$ legally ripped off Apple's face mask.
I screamed at them to provide it at a price that was simply
outrageous instead of totally outrageous, so that I could sell
it to people who were willing to put off buying a second Ferrari
so that they could work with a decent operating system.
SCO told me to fuck off.
The DOJ seems deathly concerned that M$'s customers are going to
get an InterNet browser "basically, for free."
Oh horror, oh horror.
I got M$ Explorer for free. I use Nut$crape.
I got Nut$crape for free too. ($19.95 with 100 hours of Net time
on Sympatico) I installed it, and it worked for me.
I installed M$ Explorer and didn't want to take the time and trouble to
learn all the fancy shit it does, so I uninstalled it. (My ISP tweaked
their version of Nut$crape so that it works fine out of the box)
My lifelong dream is to have Bad BillyG show up on my doorstep to install all of the M$ products I have so that they will work without me
having to pull out my hair figuring them all out, and to bring MickJ
with him, so I can get a blow-job from those fat, sexy lips while I
watch BBG at work.
Now my hopes are dashed, because Nazi Cunt Reno, child-murderer, is
afraid that I might be a lobotomized, brain-dead idiot with no free-will
and she wants to protect me from the Bad Man.
Fuck Nazi Cunt Reno (with _your_ dick, not mine)!
At least Bad BillyG hasn't burned any children to death recently (though
he did give a couple of them 2nd degree burns as a result of learning
how to freebase from Richard Pryor).
Even when doing all of my serious bid'ness on UNIX/XENIX OS's, I still
did all of my writing with a PC, using M$ Word. Because I *like* it!
When lying awake at night, plotting my armed assault on the Micro$oft
Corporate office, for all of the pain and suffering they have put me
through over the years, I always planned to let those working in the
M$ Word division off with just a sound thrashing, for making the pain
Now Janet Reno wants to jump my claim to revenge against the Big M$
and she likely wants to whack out my pals in the M$ Word division,
as well.
This means war!
Fresh From the Clue Server!!!
The upcoming Millennium is going to usher in a battle between Big
Brother/Governments and Medium Brother/Corporations.
Big Brother has control of most of the weapons, and the serious
firepower is in the hands of their armed thugs.
Medium brother has control of most of the electronic weapons, but
the serious firepower is in *our* hands. We *ARE* the electronic
armed forces.
The Corporations can 'take' the government in the upcoming battle,
and we can 'take' the Corporations if they decide they want to move up a notch, to Big Brother status.
Reality is that M$ is a fraction of the size of other industry
players such as IBM, etc.
Reality is that if the Corporate Giants want to oppress us, we are
in a much better position to tell them to go fuck themselves. We
can use pirated software and pirated hardware.
I can't give you a Nuke if the government wants to fuck you over,
but I can give you a copy of Win2000 if M$ wants to fuck you over.
Reality is that our best chance for getting the Government to fall
into line with true freedom and democracy is to back the rise of
Corporations in the Net World Order.
Reality is that the Government doesn't really need our votes, but
the Corporations need our bucks.
Reality is that many more of us are in a postition to say "No" to
Corporations than are in a postition to say "No" to Governments.
Our power lies in the workplace. We can still rule our workplace.
{We are all guerilla warriors, under the leadership of Che Dilbert.)
The Millennial War is InfoWar. It will take place in CyberSpace and
in MindSpace. We need to fight for control of our Virtual Reality.
It is InterActive, and *we* need to *act* from our end of the Inter.
Micro$oft/Nut$crape/$un Microsystems? Who do we 'back'?
We 'back' anyone who will make our access to and control of information
stronger, and the Governments' electronic contol of us weaker.
Scream loud and long at the DOJ Fascists for their attack on M$, and then go out and buy Nut$crape. Scream loud and long at the DOJ Fascists
for their anti-trust actions against Intel, and then go out and by an
Apple/Mac. (And get M$ Word for Macintosh! Keep 'em confused!)
"It's not InfoWar until *you* realize it's InfoWar!"

@_date: 1997-10-28 06:33:06
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Singaporean control freaks & CMR (Re: puff pieces vs tough crypto  issues) 
Q: "Why do you beat your head against the wall?"
A: "Because it feels so good when I stop!"
Q: "Why don't you stop beating your head against the wall?"
A1: "It's illegal to stop."
A2: "It goes against tradition/religion/beliefs/society to stop."
A3: "I'll make less money if I stop."
A3: ...ad infinituum...
  I was going to speak my true mind about the Waco tragedy at work,
but I was coming up for a promotion...
  I was going to speak my true mind about the Waco tragedy at the PTA
meeting, but I didn't want it to look like I was supporting child   I was going to speak my true mind about the Waco tragedy to my company bowling team, but most of them are rednecks.
  I was going to speak my true mind about the Waco tragedy to my spouse,
but she would tell her parents my views, and her father, the Sheriff,
is going to lend us the down-payment on a house.
  I was going to speak my true mind about the Waco tragedy to our
children, but they go to a very conservative school, and I don't want
them to rock the boat and destroy their future.
  I was going to speak my true mind about the Waco tragedy...
Q: "If 1984 was so terrible, why didn't Winston just move to another
A: "Duuhhh..."
  "It may be a prison, but it's *MY* prison."
  "I'm thinking of painting the walls chartreuse, do you think it will go well with the scarlett bars on the window? (I had to take the bars
out of the windows to sand them, but I put them back in so that the
Warden won't cut off my exercise privileges.)"

@_date: 1997-10-28 15:58:58
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Infastructure Protection and Paranoia 
Why don't you phone up NSA and tell them that you made a Xerox (TM)
copy of the InfoWar plans left overnight at the bar/lounge at the Holiday Inn in Albuquerque last week?
  Let me know how it turns out for you...
  These rocket scientists can't figure out that our infrastructures
might not need all that much defending if our dearly beloved LEA's,
overt and covert, were not sticking foreign objects in the citizen's
anus, sabotaging other countries' infrastructures and economies,
assassinating citizens and foreign citizens, etc., etc.
  The world is threatened by the DOD...
  Yes, the question on everyone's mind is: "Was it the act of a lone madman, or an act of the same federal agencies who are putting assault
rifles in the hands of law enforcement agencies at every level, in preparation for...

@_date: 1997-10-28 16:56:03
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Fed's worst nightmare... / Re: Tim's worst nightmare.,.. 
Agent  "Shall we go after the "Nuke DC" guy, or the grandmother?"
Agents  (2,3,4,5...infinity) : "GRANDMA!!!"

@_date: 1997-10-29 04:09:23
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Search warrants and Senate hearing on medical privacy 
I didn't see anything about it in the news. Did your gun jam?

@_date: 1997-10-29 04:44:42
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Roby latest 
I used to run a 24-hour Drop-In Center which had trained volunteer
counsellors on staff around the clock.
I was checking on the night shift one time, and heard Alan, one of
the night counsellors, telling a paranoid schizophrenic (who had
come to the Center when the walls began closing in on him at 4 a.m.),
"I'm a Warlock, you know. I could kill you just by looking at you."
I always wondered what became of Alan. Anyone spot him at Roby Ridge?
Those pepper-spray grenades contained organically grown pepper, from
the "We're from the Government and We're Here to Help You, Inc."
company, located in the basement of the Pentagon.
  congestion."

@_date: 1997-10-29 09:52:13
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: rescue Mrs Allen from the Feds (Re: Tim's worst nightmare.,..) 
Perhaps a variation on the 'Parker Plan' might work.
The Date: Mid 1980's
The Situation: Sitting in the hills of Humboldt County, Ca. guarding the
  'patch'. Relaxing on the half-moon commode when there comes the sound
  of CAMP (Campaign Against Marihuana Production) vehicles and
  coming over the hill.
The Solution: Put on shades and baseball cap, tuck .45 in belt, join the
  'crew' as they march toward the shack, kick the door in, grab the TV
  and a chainsaw, go outside and throw them into one of the vehicles,
  wave to the 'guys', saying, "You guys get the pot, and I'll meet you
  back in town."

@_date: 1997-10-29 10:55:57
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Alan Found! / Re: Roby latest 
A few days after the episode above, some of the employees were
giving Alan shit for sleeping on the nightshift, and thus not
being available to help those who came in to the Drop-In Center.
  Alan replied that, as a Warlock, he was not sleeping, but was
in a very deep state of meditation, able to hear a pin drop,
anywhere in the building.
  Sure enough, a couple days later, Alan was in his deep state
of meditation when someone came in and stole the TV set which
was sitting a few feet from his head.
* In January, Prime Minister H. D. Deve Gowda of India told a
meeting of government employees in Bangalore that, in contrast
with his image of laziness, he is actually a workaholic.  The various
photographs of him dozing off during official meetings are not
accurate, he said.  "Most of the time I am in deep thought about
various welfare programs for the people."   Right. That would account for the holes in his arm...

@_date: 1997-10-29 12:20:30
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Infastructure Protection and Paranoia 
Far be it from me to point any fingers, but...
 )
 )_______
  _______)  )

@_date: 1997-10-29 14:32:52
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: (off-topic--delete now) Re: Search warrants and Senate hearing o 
Right. And you're going to use examples pertaining to huge health industry corporations who exist only because of the mountains of government regulations which keep small health care providers
from providing simple, sane market options.
  Do not pass GoFuckYourself. Do not collect 200 Reputation Capital
  The totality of today's medical profession and health care system
*is* 'government-caused.'
  You can't piss in a pot you keep under your bed without violating
a hundred laws from the Health Department to the EPA to...
  Kiss your child's 'stubbed' toe 'better' and you'll end up in prison
for unlawfully practicing medicine.
  Earth to Michael! Earth to Michael...
  No. Libertarians complaining about government perversion of a
free market.
  If you cry, make sure you wipe those tears with a towel that meets
government standards. (Cost: $3,000.00)

@_date: 1997-10-29 14:51:23
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: William Louis Pol J. Pot speaks... 
FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED OCT. 27, 1997
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Pol pot speaks
    On Oct. 16 Nate Thayer, an American correspondent for the weekly Far
Eastern Economic Review, conducted the first known interview since 1979
with Cambodian Communist Pol Pot. The New York Times printed excerpts
  From 1975 and 1979, as summarized by The New York Times, Pol Pot
his country into a vast labor camp, driving people from the cities and
forcing them to work in the fields in primitive conditions. In the name
a radical agrarian ideal, he slaughtered the middle class;
monks, artists -- anyone with an education, anyone with glasses. ...
  That death toll would be equivalent to executing 75 million Americans.
  And what does the enfeebled mass murderer now have to say?
  "Our movement made mistakes," he graciously acknowledges
  "I came to carry out the struggle, not to kill people," Pol Pot still
insists. "We had no other choice" but to kill political opponents, he
argues. "Naturally, we had to defend ourselves." But "To say that
died is too much. ... Even now, and you can look at me: am I a savage
person? My conscience is clear."
  And now, the sheer mundanity of this tired old man, confined to a hut
insisting there were "only hundreds of thousands."
  Even if the survivors in righteous indignation were to seize Pol Pot
tear him limb from limb, the central, nagging question would remain:
  "Even now, and you can look at me: am I a savage?"
  No. Pol Pot is not a savage.
  It took the massive organization of the modern nation-state -- the
division of labor with its apparent dilution of responsibility, welded
the pervasive notion that academy-trained government "experts" know
than the common folk how society should be organized, and have the right
enforce those plans by force -- to allow Lenin, Stalin, Hitler, Mao, and
Pol Pot to engage in "social engineering" on this scale.
  Nor were any of these characters stupid, or even uneducated. Pol Pot
studied under the best of France's socialist intellectuals.
  That is what finally must be acknowledged here. These mass murders
an exercise in the gratification of intellectual notions of how best to
"improve" society.
  A letter writer recently commented that it would be absurd to blame
Pot's socialist university professors in Paris for what he eventually
  No, it is not. Ideas have consequences. The idea that the wise "social
engineers" of government have some right first to conscript our youth
mandatory uniform propaganda camps ("public schools"), then to begin
"licensing" our chosen jobs, then to seize huge hunks of our incomes to
fund these schemes (higher percentages from the rich, of course, as they
seek like Pol Pot to "level things"), and finally to catalog and track
employment as well as our cars, our guns, and our money, will eventually
lead by logical and inevitable progression to government deciding --
the guise of whatever "emergency" proves convenient -- who lives and who
  What thing did government ever find in its power, and not eventually
  This is what is really being debated, when lonely voices cry out for
"less government meddling in our lives," while the statists now in power
(yes, including "conservative Republicans") respond, "Sure, sure, We
you. Less government, right. But first we just need to institute this
nationally standardized drivers license with an electronically scannable
fingerprint, and a way to eavesdrop on all your phone calls and e-mail,
a new law to require your bank to report any cash transaction over
  "But we'll get around to giving you that smaller, less intrusive
government you keep voting for, one of these days real soon. Just as
as we outlaw eight more kinds of firearms before lunch. After all,
citizens aren't allowed to own firearms, at all, in really (start
ital)civilized(end ital) countries like Germany, Russia, China, and
Cambodia. Meantime, I'm afraid you'll have to get in line over there to
give us your urine sample. ..."
  But they don't mean for it ever to go as far as it went in Cambodia.
  And if some of their armed henchmen (start ital)do(end ital)
get carried away ... well, they can always claim "self-defense," or
about the numbers.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin at lvrj.com. The
site for the Suprynowicz column is at column is syndicated in the United States and Canada via Mountain Media
Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin at lvrj.com
"If ye love wealth greater than liberty, the tranquility of servitude
greater than the animating contest for freedom, go home from us in
We seek not your counsel, nor your arms. Crouch down and lick the hand
feeds you. May your chains set lightly upon you; and may posterity
that ye were our countrymen."    -- Samuel Adams

@_date: 1997-10-31 01:13:07
@_author: TruthMailer 
@_subject: Request For Cash: TruthMailer services at dev.null 
The TruthMailer service at dev.null has become very unpopular. So
unpopular, in fact, that we are now approaching limitations in what our abuse department can handle. The great outrage this weekend and
subsequent delays in spamming various mailing lists are the result of this. For our immediate needs, we could sure use some more DRUGS,
ALCOHOL, and BROADS.
If a million people could donate $1,000 apiece, this would be great.
If one million people donate $100,000 apiece, we can buy Micro$oft. Anonymous snail mail with anonymous cash (US dollars or money order)
would be appreciated. If you want to be acknowledged as a donor on
our arrest sheets, we can do that too. The address to send to is: Electronic Forgery Foundation
Box 281,
Bienfait, Saskatchewan
      CANADA  S0C 0M0
A thousand bucks or whatever you can afford. We'll take drug, alcohol
and loose women donations, too.
Contact Louis J. Freeh  if you have something
to donate. It might be a sting operation, but I'm not sure; Louis
will know.
PCP DustMan / Home Drug Lab for Molecular Structure and Design
For an anti-reality drug recipe, send me mail with subject "Hi(gh)".
Append "+realitysucks" to my abusername to ensure entrapment.
Decryption is too important to leave to the recipient--Louis J. Freeh
          O         "I'm from BassMasters, and I'm here to help you."
/------o     -\______|___/-  |
/    <}+++<
To unsuscribive or scrivibe send a message of UNSCRIVE or SUBRIVE to
the email address _fuck_you_morons_ at whitehouse.gov

@_date: 1997-10-31 13:35:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Self-proclaimed judge and jury. 
After my success in predicting the outcome of the 'au pair' trial, which
is but one of my astonishing string of legal predictions, I have decided
to offer my services as self-proclaimed judge and jury, in order to spare the government and its taxpayers the increasingly outrageous cost
of incarcerating or freeing the innocent and the guilty, seemingly at
A bar-table conference of lawyers and judges agreed wholeheartedly with
me that the *evidence* presented in the 'au pair's' trial in no way supported a verdict of first, or even second, degree murder.
  My panel, to a person, agreed with Barry Scheck that the prosecution had not even "come close" to proving the above, based on the evidence. None of them were foolish enough, however, to believe that the decision
of the jury would be based on the evidence and the law.
  I announced, with an air of certitude, that the verdict would be
guilty. My reasoning?
1. Morning talk shows show that the sheeple want *somebody* to pay for
  each and every perceived wrong done on the face of the media-lit
  earth.
2. The sheeple don't really give a fat rat's ass about finding the
  *right* villain, but only the best media-promoted candidate.
3. The obvious target is whoever is 'the least like *me*'!
4. The parents are media friendly, the 'au pair' has British reserve.
  In short, the British are emotional cryptographers, who obviously have
something to hide. Outgoing Americans, who look like us, dress like us
and act like us, need only to 'leave us laughing' in order to skip
out the door to freedom while pigmentation and/or non-photographic
criminals go to the gallows.
  Guilty!
My other successful predictions, in a nutshell:
Kennedy Rapist - "White-bread is going to walk."
Boxer Rapist - "Nigger's going to jail."
Simpson-Brown Murderer: "We were climbing over the fence to OJ's estate
  hollering, 'We're from the government, and we're here to help you.'"
  ~My Verdict~ "If the police are shit, blacks will acquit."
OJ Civil Trial - Right...like *anyone* is going to brag about predicting
  the outcome of a black man in front of a rigged jury...
  In case you think I am *bragging* about my remarkable skill in making
correct predictions about the outcome of almost all trials that I take
an interest in...guess again.
  I am a cynical, pessimistic person with low self-esteem, who is able
to egoistically consider himself 'superior to the sheeple' only by virtue of the fact that their repetitive echoing of whatever the media
'bleats' in their direction places them in the animal/vegetable/mineral
kingdoms which I believe I have risen ever so slightly above in my
quest for consciousness.
  I am, in fact, totally *horrified* that I am able to correctly predict
the outcome of what is supposed to be a process of rational judgement
by basing my analysis on the supposition that the legal system exists
mostly for the purpose of perpetuating its own position of authority, and that its members chief aim is to WIN--at the cost of justice, if
need be, and often even out of the interests of mere expediency.
  From my experience, legal resolution to criminal charges has been quickened more over the years by golf clubs who have 'moved up' an
attorney's tee-time, than by any 'right to a speedy trial' legislation
has ever done.
  I would like, deep down inside, to believe that I am full of shit in
this regard, but I just keep successfully predicting the outcome of trials by being an irreverent, cynical asshole.
  Go figure...

@_date: 1997-10-31 15:44:44
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Reputation Capital / Re: Killing those who need killing 
Question: Is it a sign of low reputation capital when people only have
         to mention your name to make their point?
Answer: Crispin!
Bonus Question: What kind of signature line would lessen the social
               of being called a "sociopath" by Mark Rogaski?
Answer: "That which does not kill me only makes me stranger."
  Robert Hettinga *loves* this list!

@_date: 1997-10-31 17:02:04
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: democracy?! (Re: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT (fwd)) (fwd) 
You're way off base here, Jim. As a matter of fact, the government
goes to extraordinary lengths to make certain that we get a jury of
our peers.
  For example, potential jurists in murder trials are required to
admit to supporting the government murder of the defendant if he
or she is convicted. God forbid they should ask what procedures
are in place for bringing the defendant back to life if their
verdict turns out to be in error.
  I like many others, have committed a wide variety of crimes for
which I could be sentenced and punished, but the only two I was
charged for and found guilty of were crimes of which I was completely
innocent. Go figure...
  'Circumstantial evidence' has been twisted and perverted in the
justice system to the point where it is synonymous with convicting
the 'best guess' candidate for a crime.
  The problem with the '*someone* has to pay' school of jurisprudence
in vogue today is that poorly paid, poorly trained street officers
are often responsible for making the decisions as to *who* will be
the person selected as the 'best guess' candidate. (At which point
the wheels of law enforcement and the injustice system begin rolling
over the back of the defendant, leaving tire marks suspiciously
similar to those at the scene of the crime.)
  You have hit on what I regard as the single greatest evil in the
justice system today--expediency.
  At the heart of 'expediency' lies the 'plea bargain.' Police and
prosecutors are fully aware that their greatest chance of success
in turning a potential 'loss' into a 'win' is with a person, guilty
or innocent, who they can deal with as a first time offender.
  The prosecutor can use dire threats of 'maximum prosecution' to
convince the person to take a 'slap on the wrist' to avoid taking
a chance of suffering devastating consequences. What their victims
don't realize is that they will now be a 'known offender', an automatic 'suspect' in the future, and subject to exceedingly more
severe penalties in the future for their real or imagined crimes.
  I know a person who is serving a life sentence as a habitual
offender for a 'third' felony because his legal aide attorney
years ago had gotten him a 'helluva deal' on a DWI, only having
to pay a small fine and no loss of license (back when this was still possible). Although the man was a non-drinker, having
a liver condition that meant he would die if he consumed enough
alcohol to be over the legal limit, he had never been 'diagnosed'
as such, having no need to, since it was a known hereditary
condition in his family.
  His legal aide lawyer pointed out the enormous expense of
being diagnosed, etc, and the fact that a DWI was only a
"small, insignificant" felony at the time.
  Many years later, the 'third felony', for which he was sentenced
to life in prison, was for bouncing a $10.00 check, or some such.
  The irony is that he was always a big law and order supporter,
and probably cheered when the 'third time loser' law was passed.
(I wonder if the $10.00 bounced check was to the campaign of his
 favorite 'law and order' politician?)
  Or you might be Timothy O'Leary, crossing the American border (in
Texas?) with a couple of marihuana seeds in the ashtray. (40 years
in the slam?)

@_date: 1997-10-31 18:28:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Ms. Roby Ridge of 1997 Crowned several times... 
What are the chances of her being found 'sane' if it might
result in a multi-million dollar lawsuit against the same
government who assaulted her out of Choatian expediency instead
of investing some 'quality time' in sharing a few cups of
coffee with her in order to avert such a ludicrous scenarios?
  My guess is that whoever is chosen to declare her 'batty' has
a bright, successful career ahead of them.
(But I would love to be pleasantly surprised.)

@_date: 1997-11-01 06:51:13
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Tough On 49% of the Crime / Re: democracy?! (Re: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT 
Take $100.00 to a gambling hall every day where the slot machine payout is 96% and you come home with an average of $96.00, right?
Government power grows via the same types of mechanisms at work in
gambling, pea-shell games, pyramid schemes, etc.
The 51% of Green citizens vote the 49% of other-colored citizens into
The 51% of Lime-Green citizens...
You and the other Left-Handed, Brown-eyed, Red-Haired, Lime-Green
citizen flip a coin to see which one of you is imprisoned and
which one remains free.
Politicians now run on 'slogans' instead of 'platforms' because then
they don't really even have to bother much with pretending to fulfill
any particular so-called 'voter mandate.'
Nobody runs on a platform of imprisoning all citizens with names beginning with 'B' through 'L'.
They run behind a vague 'Tough On Crime' slogan.
"We're putting all people who have names beginning with 'B' in jail...
blah...blah...blah...Tough On Crime!
"We're putting all people who have names beginning with 'C'...
"We're putting all people who have names beginning with 'L'...
Next Election:
  "I have never stated I am in favor of imprisoning people whose names
begin with 'N', but I *do* promise to be 'Tough On Crime'!"
Your Plan:
To confiscate all of the citizens' money.
Your Platform: Promise not to raise taxes. Your Plan:
To murder all of the citizens.
Your Platform:
Promise to be 'Tough On Crime.' Campaign Plan:
Show 1 picture of paroled murderer killing again.
Show it 100,000 times.
After Elected:
Vote on hundreds upon hundreds of laws which have absolutely nothing
to do with anything you mentioned in your election campaign, or are
issues which you blah-blah-blahed before showing 'the picture' once
again, working the crowd of 'N' people into another frenzy.
Next Week: The Line Item Veto Interpreted by the Supreme Court to
          Approve Congressional Amendment Veto Powers for the
          Whitehouse Janitor.
TRUTHMONGER is an out of work comedian who couldn't get a job with
CNN because he couldn't keep a straight face when reporting the
'regular' news.  He plans to change his name to ZRUTHMONGER before the next elections.

@_date: 1997-11-01 07:45:12
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Got an IRS horror story? 
Anybody notice that the Big Grey is putting the screws to many of the agencies, etc. which aren't already under their control?
Has anyone noticed a common denominator between those whom Big
Grey is maneuvering into key power positions?
Anyone going to be terribly surprised, now that the Line-Item Veto
has been passed, if our next President is from the ranks of the
Big Grey?
Question: "Who will be the most important government figure in the          U.S. if the Y2K problem leads to financial chaos?"
Tongue in cheek Answer: Inspector  [Mattress Division]

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:00:02
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Vote for Nym C. May! 
* In March in Huntsville, Tenn., the wife of state Rep. Les
Winningham was indicted for assault.  During the election campaign
in November 1996, according to police, the Winninghams pulled
over in their van to confront a woman who was wearing a shirt that
indicated support for Winningham's opponent.  After a heated
argument, according to the victim, Mr. Winningham instructed his
wife to rough her up, whereupon Mrs. Winningham punched her
three times and kicked her. Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:01:18
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Vote for the TruthMonger of your choice...but VOTE! 
* Maria DiGiulio and Mohamed Sead became the latest criminal
suspects not to beat around the bush when arrested.  When
DiGiulio was booked in July for robbing the Everett (Mass.) Co-op
Bank, she answered police Lt. Robert Bontempo forthrightly. "Occupation?" he asked.  "Bank robber," she said.  Sead, 47, was
booked for fraud last October in Toronto, Ontario (and convicted
this year).  Occupation?  "Con artist," he said. (Sead's scheme was
to deceive girlfriends that he was the now-deceased Dodi Fayed.) Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:09:00
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Vote CypherPunk! 
* In August, the Boston Globe profiled the Taiwan National
Assembly (which specializes in constitutional issues), where it is
fairly common for the minority New Party to filibuster by merely
grabbing the microphone and physically restraining majority-party
members so that they cannot call for votes.  Fights break out,
sometimes bloody ones.  Said a local political science professor, "It
may not be civilized, but it's efficient" because citizens respond by
re-electing the aggressive legislators.  Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:09:36
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Proof that Free Market Works! 
* In May, police raided a construction site in Oporto, Portugal, and
discovered that 12 drug addicts were working dawn to dusk on an
apartment building in exchange for employer-provided heroin
shoot-ups at breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  According to police, the
doses were just enough so that the men would remain employed to
get the next fix. Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:11:04
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Vote Carol Anne Cypherpunk! 
* While her colleagues were debating, in July, whether the New
Life Massage Parlor was a front for prostitution, Oak Grove, Ky.,
City Councilwoman Patty Belew, 26, said she already had enough
information to decide.  She said she knows for sure that the
massage parlor paid bribes to some police officers to ignore
prostitution because she used to work there. Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:13:20
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: FW: Oh God I'm An Ocean Buoy]fwd: FW: Oh God I'm An Ocean Buoy 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 2584
URL:

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:18:28
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: CypherPunk HMO / Dr. Vulis & Dr. Grubor Presiding... 
A collection of medical interview and medical record remarks
written by various paramedics, emergency room receptionists, and
doctors at major hospitals.
The baby was delivered, the cord clamped and cut and handed to the
pediatrician, who breathed and cried immediately.
Exam of genitalia reveals that TruthMonger is circus sized.
The skin was moist and dry.
Rectal exam revealed a normal size thyroid.
The patient had waffles for breakfast and anorexia for lunch.
She stated that she had been constipated for most of her life until
1989 when she got a divorce.
Between you and me, we ought to be able to get this lady pregnant.
The patient was in his usual state of good health until his airplane
ran out of gas and crashed.
I saw your patient today, who is still under our car for physical
The patient lives at home with his mother, father, and pet turtle, who
is presently enrolled in day care three times a week.
Bleeding started in the rectal area and continued all the way to Los
Both breasts are equal and reactive to light and accommodation.
She is numb from her toes down.
Exam of genitalia was completely negative except for the right foot.
While in the emergency room, she was examined, X-rated and sent home.
The lab test indicated abnormal lover function.
The patient was to have a bowel resection. However he took a job as a
stockbroker instead.
Occasional, constant, infrequent headaches.
Coming from Detroit, this man has no children.
Examination reveals a well-developed male lying in bed with his family
in no distress.
Patient was alert and unresponsive.
When she fainted, her eyes rolled around the room.
By the time he was admitted, his rapid heart had stopped and he was
feeling better.
Patient has chest pain if she lies on her left side for over a year.
On the second day the knee was better and on the third day it had
completely disappeared.
She has had no rigors or shaking chills, but her husband states she
was very hot in bed last night.
The patient has been depressed ever since she began seeing me in 1983.
I will be happy to go into her GI system, she seems ready and anxious.
Patient was released to outpatient department without dressing.
I have suggested that he loosen his pants before standing, and then,
when he stands with the help of his wife, they should fall to the floor.
The patient is tearful and crying constantly. She also appears to be
Discharge status: Alive but without permission.
The patient will need disposition, and therefore we will get Dr. Blank
to dispose of him.
Healthy-appearing, decrepit 69 year old male, mentally alert but
The patient refused an autopsy.
The patient has no past history of suicides.
The patient expired on the floor uneventfully.
Patient has left his white blood cells at another hospital.
Patient was becoming more demented with urinary frequency.
The patient's past medical history has been remarkably insignificant
with only a 40 pound weight gain in the past three days.
She slipped on the ice and apparently her legs went in separate
directions in early December.
The patient experienced sudden onset of severe shortness of breath
with a picture of acute pulmonary edema at home while having sex which
gradually deteriorated in the emergency room.
The patient left the hospital feeling much better except for her
original complaints.

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:22:11
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: From Russia, With Love  (WAS: Why is the Commander in Chief always the last to know?)  (WAS: Weekday Workers--Weekend Terrorists]  (NEVER WAS: Right...like I'm going to use my _real_ name...) 
* ADMINISTRATIVE MESSAGE FROM MSP SPEC OPERATIONS DIV
* * From:   FBI NATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION
* To:     ALL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES
* * *      Internal Revenue Service {IRS} offices open on
* selective Saturdays, beginning 11/15/97--POTENTIAL
* FOR VIOLENCE.
* *      This communication is not an FBI terrorist threat,
* alert, or advisory; it is for information only. Although
* unclassified, this communication should be handled as
* law enforcement sensitive. This communication should not
* be furnished to the media or other agencies outside the
* law enforcement/U.S. Government counterrorism community
* without the permission of the F.B.I.
* *      A reported in the media, the IRS recently
* announced that all IRS District Headquarters Offices will
* be open on selective Saturdays, beginning 11/15/97, to
* handle taxpayer complaints and problem cases. Due to the
* recent publicity surrounding allegations of IRS abuses
* against taxpayers, the offices may attract individuals
* intent on disrupting business or committing violent acts
* against IRS employees. As a result, IRS is planning to
* heighten security at all offices. At this time, the FBI
* has no information indicating a terrorist attack
* or violence directed at IRS facilities or personnel.
* *      Should recipients receive any information regarding
* violence directed against the IRS, contact the IRS and
* your local FBI office immediately.
* *      Following is the list of the 33 IRS District
* Headquarters Offices:
* * FROM:  FBI NATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION
* Pacific Northwest District--Seattle, WA
* Northern California District--Oakland, CA.
* Central California District--San Jose, CA.
* Los Angeles District--Los Angeles, CA.
* Southern California District--Laguna Niguel, CA.
* Southwest District--Phoenix, AZ
* Rocky Mountain District--Denver, CO
* Arkansas-Oklahoma District--Oklahoma City, OK
* North Texas District--Dallas, TX
* South Texas District--Austin, TX
* Houston District--Houston, TX
* Illinois District--Chicago, IL
*

@_date: 1997-11-01 10:58:28
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Vote for Pat Robertson! 
* Among the recent rules established by the Afghanistan Taliban
office formerly known as the Department for Promoting Virtue and
Preventing Vice:  No paper bags (because the paper possibly could
have been recycled from discarded Korans); no kite-flying; no
clean-shaven men (unless they are prepared for a career of street-
sweeping); no women employed in senior positions in hospitals, or
seated in the front seats of ambulances, or riding with foreign
citizens; women visiting hospitals must refrain from making noise
with their shoes while walking; athletes must grow beards and wear
full Islamic dress in the field; and sports-event spectators must not
clap.  However, the ban on watching television was lifted. Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-01 11:27:02
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: FBI Provides Soft Target List! (WAS: Suitcase packed, and nowhere to go...) 
*      Following is the list of the 33 IRS District
* Headquarters Offices:
* * FROM:  FBI NATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION
* Pacific Northwest District--Seattle, WA
* Northern California District--Oakland, CA.
* Central California District--San Jose, CA.
* Los Angeles District--Los Angeles, CA.
* Southern California District--Laguna Niguel, CA.
* Southwest District--Phoenix, AZ
* Rocky Mountain District--Denver, CO
* Arkansas-Oklahoma District--Oklahoma City, OK
* North Texas District--Dallas, TX
* South Texas District--Austin, TX
* Houston District--Houston, TX
* Illinois District--Chicago, IL
* Republic of Texas District--Armadillo World Headquarters

@_date: 1997-09-03 14:16:30
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Jim Bell Information 
Don't pull the mask off the old Lone Ranger
 and don't mess around with Jim

@_date: 1997-09-03 14:38:48
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Missing Kids and Porn Links 
We *must* take immediate action to prevent missing children from being
found by people who don't consider nudity shameful, people who smoke,
fat people, Jewish people, people with more than three speeding

@_date: 1997-09-04 08:44:50
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls 
I must have not been given the proper ballots when I voted. I didn't
see the FBI or any other LEA on *my* ballot. If these people are going
to be running the country, and making the decisions as to what does and
does not constitute threats to the citizens and the country and the
world, shouldn't we have some say in who they are?
  Yoo-hoo! Over here! Yoo-hoo! It's the CITIZENS! We still exist!
  If we imprison more of our citizen-units than most dictatorships, then
who the fuck are we imprisoning?
  Are we *not* imprisoning criminals, terrorists and child pornographers
and other scum? What percentage of the population needs to consist of
LEA agents, and what percentage of the population must we imprison in
order to put away criminals, terrorists and child pornographers?
  50%?...80%...100%?
  > Kyl also stacked the three panels. Out of seven
  That's right. The correct answer is 71% LEA agents, and
100% of the citizens in prison.
  I hate to support this approach to law enforcement, but if the people
in charge of the safety of the nation and its citizens cannot prevent
criminals, terrorists and child pornographers from running rampant with
the mountains of laws and technology currently at their fingertips, then
I guess we'll just have to pass more laws and put all munitions and
privacy technology in the hands of the LEA's.
  Besides, the citizen-units will be 'happier' in prison, where they can
get the really *good* drugs and indulge in anal sex without fear of

@_date: 1997-09-04 09:05:09
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Death of Privacy / Was: Di Privacy, Die! 
[Mainstream, Terra] -- "Huh?" by Defcom McCull'em
  Mainstream Media sources today denied rumors of news stories from
real people, in the real world, finding their way into the bowels of
the mainstream press before being burped out to make way for more of
the same-old-same-old.
  Asked why the initial reports of eyewitnesses using words such as
"explosion" were quickly buried in favor of the word "crash," sources
replied, only one guy, somewhere in Canada, was awake at that hour, and
he will soon be dead, so we can't really confirm the existence of those
eyewitnesses, since no one wants to talk to them.
  Asked why initial accounts had "five" reporters being detained and
why a rumor concerning the accidental death of "two" reporters, suddenly
turned into "seven" reporters being detained, the sources would only comment, "These were only preliminary estimates, before we had a chance
to talk to our media prisoners and explain the severity of what they
would be facing if their stories were not 'politically correct'."
  Asked why statements by Fayed family members concerning their views
that Dodi and Diana were 'offed' by the monarchy in a bid to thwart
a gain in the political influence of sandnigger mobsters, mainstream
media sources said, "We saw no need to cover old ground which had been
dealt with on the Cypherpunks list, both before and after the event."
  Asked about the missing right wheel on the death vehicle, sources inferred that it was found on the stretcher that carried Diana to the
hospital, next to the magic bullet that killed Kennedy.
"All the news that gets you killed."

@_date: 1997-09-04 11:07:55
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Di Privacy, Die / Was: Death of Privacy 
The death of the "People's Princess" is bringing calls for laws to
protect 'privacy'.
  Except that the laws being talked about are mostly about limiting
what people are allowed to do in public. Same-old, same-old.
  Laws are being discussed that deal with the 'licensing' and the
'regulation' of telephoto lenses and listening devices. Same-old,
  The fact that Dodi and Diana's staged death took place in a country
with the most plentiful and restrictive laws concerning the public
movement and actions of the press, seems to be lost in the similarly
staged outrage against the private press.
  Does anyone doubt that whatever new laws are enacted will result in
the further herding of the press into mainstream feeding pens, ala
Whitehouse news conferences and military maneuvers?   Of equal importance to the effect on restrictions of public activity
that the staged murder of Diana and Dodi will have, is the restrictions
on the press, through threats of arrest and intimidation.
  Typical government-spook operation. Witnesses and evidence subjected
to detention and seizure. All 'news' of the event being coordinated by
goverenment/LEA shills who 'point' us towards 'those responsible' and
'at fault'--with a mainstream press providing us with the 'solutions'
to preventing the actions of free people resulting in similar tragedies
in the future.
  The message is clear--freedom leads to tragedy. If people run around
doing what they want to do in public, then there will be accidents and
tragedies. This must be prevented at all costs.
  Get real. The same monarchy spooks who released the Dianagate tapes
of Diana's private telephone conversations, in order to make her look
like a slut in order to make Prince Charles sluttery look less serious,
watch Diana twenty-four hours a day, are the same people who took
possession of the photographic evidence of the murder scene.
  Diana herself, in a public interview, spoke of the Dianagate tapes as
being just a small part of the monarchist conspiracy to tear her down
and nullify the threat she presented to the anal retentive structure of
the monarchy.
  Dodi's ex-fiancee plainly stated on TV that Diana would be alive today
if she had not taken up with Dodi. The Fayed family has made it clear
that they feel the deaths were the result of the monarchy not wanting
Diana's image and influence being connected to those outside the loop
of the monarchy.
  Think about it. The mother of the future King of England, getting
married to a rich, political mobster. [Translate~~a non-white who buys
parliamentary votes.] It's not going to happen.
  Ask yourself this--"What do the assassinated free-world figures all
have in common?"--John F. Kennedy, Martin Luther King, Bobby Kennedy,
John Lennon, Princess Diana.
  Answer: "They are decent people, visionaries who used their power
and influence to fight for the empowerment of the citizens, and against
the reign of a dictatorial secret government."
  Answer  "Once they were dead, everything they stood for became
subject to revisionist history by their murderers."
  The initial assault after Diana's death was on the free press, the
secondary assault (in reality, the main attack, the first only being
a diversionary maneuver) focuses on placing the 'blame' for Diana's
death with her stepping outside the loop of the anal-retentive monarchy
and hanging out with parliamentary vote-buying thugs who employ loud
mouthed drunk drivers.
  In the age of the ten-second sound-byte, giving the government spooks
two whole days to manipulate the press coverage before the private
citizens at the murder scene are allowed to speak, is a godsend.
  Once the paparrazi and the sandniggers have had the blame balanced on
their shoulders, the press is not about to backtrack and look for the
true story. Even job interview self-help books tell us that the first
two minutes set the tone and future impression of the whole process.
The governement FUD disseminators know that if they can have the first
say in any event, that those pursuing the truth have to play catch-up
from that point forward.
  Has anyone noticed that the 'news' surrounding this event has had
precious little coverage of the people actually involved in the whole
  The doctor who magically appeared on the scene and 'treated' Diana
isn't known about or accessible for a couple days. The police, firemen,
etc., are not interviewed, like they are in even the most extremely inconsequential of news story coverages.
  Get real--if a fucking cat gets rescued from a cocksucking tree, then
we get to see an interview with the hero at the scene. In the death of
a major public figure, the press doesn't bother to interview those at
the scene of the event? Right...
  The first eye-witness interview I saw was by someone who used the
word "explosion." That was the _last_ time I saw that interview. I saw
_one_ mention of the Fayed family saying the monarchy had murdered
Dodi and Diana. Never saw that again. Must not be news. Right...
  Notice that the press reports that the two little princes want to walk behind the casket. Is it a 'coincidence' that the two innocent
victims who are now under the thumb of the monarchist spin-doctors
are going to be front and center in the coverup of their mother's murder?   Why are the thousands of death threats against Prince Charles if he
tries to use the funeral to redeem his image *not* news?
  Why? Same-old, same-old.

@_date: 1997-09-06 11:24:31
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: New GAK Bill 
Surprise, surprise!
  It's amazing that nobody saw this coming. I guess we were all fools
for trusting the mainstream media to warn us of the possibility of
the government taking this fascist, dictatorial, mind-control action.
  Gee, I sure wish I hadn't turned in all my guns.

@_date: 1997-09-06 12:37:24
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: LYING FUCKS! / Behind the ELECTROMAGNETIC CURTAIN 
To everyone I know:
  I've had enough of the bullshit, mind-control fascism surfacing at
an increasingly fast pace in an assault on freedom and privacy.
  I've also had enough of the constant lies of an established political
power structure which is now so firmly entrenched in the seat of power
that they no longer even bother to tell *_good_* lies.
  The final straw, for me, was the inevitable announcement that anyone
paying the least attention could see coming from a mile away, despite
all of the flag-waving, 'land of the free' speeches, and denials by
those in power of their true intentions in regard to the future of free speech, liberty and privacy.
5 September 1997, MSNBC:
FBI Director Louis Freeh floats a new proposal at a congressional hearing to outlaw non-breakable crypto products.
  Accordingly, I am pledging to henceforth exercise my right to free
speech, in my own manner, right up to the time when we all face
imprisonment for not only free speech, but for freedom of thought,
as well.
  My manner is to call a lying fuck a _lying_fuck_; to call a
rat fucker a _rat_fucker_; to call a fucking imbecile a _fucking
_imbecile_; to call a Nazi piece of shit a _Nazi_ _piece_of_shit_.
  In the future, I plan to express myself in a manner which does
not give support to the 'quiet lies' that are increasingly being
told by the mainstream press and a timid public which are either
too tired of fighting the fascists or have too much invested in
the current system to risk rocking the boat by calling for an
end to bullshit, draconian laws, and increasing oppression and
imprisonment of the citizens of what were once free nations.
  I intend to do so in my private emails, my public posts, and
in the editing of news that I forward to others.
NATION AT RISK?
The Fascist White House, Terrorist FBI and co-conspirator intelligence agencies claim that the proliferation of unbreakable encryption products puts the nation at risk. Unnamed Criminals and Mythical terrorists are increasingly using unbreakable encryption products, Lying Fuck Freeh testiLied Wednesday.   I am forwarding this message to everyone in my email address book
with the suggestion that they consider doing the same, or to take
a similar action which may be more in line with their own character
and predelictions.
  The bottom line:
Our elected legislators, politicians, and public servants are *not*
going to tell us the truth.
The media is *not* going to tell us the truth.
If the citizens don't speak truthfully to one another, then there is
*no* hope of stemming the escalating assaults on privacy and liberty.
As sole member of the TruthMonger Cult of One:
I hereby declare an electronic state of war against the dictatorial,
fascist entities who are attempting to build an ElectroMagnetic
Curtain around an InterNet that served as a truly democratic forum
for Free Netizens until the power structure declared it to be the
forefront of a New World, while eschewing any intentions to bring
it under the thumb of a New World Order.
  I suggest that the Lying Fascist Fucks who are mounting an assault
on the freedom and privacy of their citizens lay in some Electronic
Body Bags.
  Perhaps each truthful word I shoot in their direction will be but
a negligable 'B-B' in reality, but I refuse to refrain from doing
what I can, even if I am wrong about things having reached a stage
where enough people will join in resistance to the assault on
freedom and privacy to bring down the ElectroMagnetic curtain with
a mountain of B-B's.
  I can't stop these dictatorial fascists from telling their lies,
but I *can* still express my view of their crass assault on the
constitutional rights of myself and others.
  I *can* call Louis Freeh, Lying Fuck Freeh.
  I *can* call Bill Clinton, Lying Nazi Schill Clinton.
  I *can* call Dianne Feinstein, Lying Cunt SwineStein.
  I not only *can*, but I *will*.
  I will fight with bytes, even though I know that, ultimately, these increasingly violent power mongers will respond with bullets if they perceive a great enough threat to risk exposing
their true nature and intentions.
  I believe that I can fire a lot of B-B's at the ElectroMagnetic
Curtain before I 'commit suicide', have a 'tragic accident', or
unwittingly fire one of my electronic B-B's in the direction of
heavily armed, camoflaged secret troops 'defending' the Electronic
Border that the fascists are attempting to build around a formerly
Free InterNet.
  Am I the only one who has noticed that free speech and private
communication on the InterNet posed little 'threat' to society
until the government decided to get increasingly involved?
  Think about it. _Who_is_the_enemy_?
  The Public? The Citizens? I think not...
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-09-06 12:55:39
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Amen! / Re: Mandatory key escrow bill text, backed by FBI 
I have ordered a semi-automatic keyboard and a Telsa snarf-barrier.

@_date: 1997-09-06 13:22:17
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: "YOU CAN'T *_HANDLE_* THE TRUTH!" / Re: New GAK Bill 
I truly appreciate the effort you have made to shine some light
on the realities and dangers of the direction that government is
moving society in.
  However, I would suggest that you read my "LYING FUCKS!" post in
order to pick up a few pointers on how to increase the effectiveness
of your messages to the public.
  If your 'Truth in Language' skills are somewhat lacking, then I would be happy to tutor you, with the goal of increasing your
communications skills to encompass the ability to go beyond the
ear-wax barrier to truth. { Being blessed with Tourette Syndrome,
I am fully qualified in this area. }
  If you just once post a Netly News article which refers to "Lying
Fuck Freeh," then I would be happy to stop spamming your employers
with suggestions that they change the motto of "Time Magazine" to:
"YOU CAN'T *_HANDLE_* THE TRUTH!"

@_date: 1997-09-07 10:14:06
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Cpunks War Dance, Feinstein Hari-Kari 
I told Peter Wayner about your plans to commit suicide tonight.
He's already written a story for tomorrow, and he wants to know
if you're going to do it, or let him down and make him look like
an idiot.
The 1/2MONGER

@_date: 1997-09-07 10:43:07
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: The future of Digital (Ouch!) Implants 
* An April issue of New Scientist magazine reported that
Australia's national research organization CSIRO has already made
three sales of its "phalloblaster" device (at about $3,500 [U.S.])
that inflates the genitalia of dead insects to make it easier to
them.  Its official name is the "vesica everter," and it will work on
genitalia as small as those of moths with wingspans of 2 millimeters.

@_date: 1997-09-07 10:43:47
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Texas CypherPunks Take Up Arms! 
We need to thank Jim Choate for his tireless efforts in this regard.
* According to USA Today in May, a bill pending in the Texas
legislature would allow anyone with a record of mental illness
nonetheless to obtain a concealed weapon permit if approved by a
doctor.

@_date: 1997-09-07 10:44:00
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Oxygen Escrow (Government Regulations soon to be announced!) 
* Bangkok's largest English-language newspaper, The Nation,
reported in February on a raging war by coffin sellers in the
southern Thailand city of Nakhon Si Thammarat.  Eight shops are
located across the street from the city's largest hospital, and bribes
of hospital personnel for clients are common.  A television station
reported that one shop's agent sneaked into several hospital rooms
to disconnect oxygen to terminal patients whose relatives were
already known to the shop and thus might have given that shop
their business.

@_date: 1997-09-07 10:44:31
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: 4 Horsemen - 1  Child Citizen - 0 / (Where are Lous Freeh and Janet Reno when you really need them?) 
WEIRDNUZ.493 (News of the Weird, July 18, 1997)
by Chuck Shepherd
* In May, the Minnesota Court of Appeals reversed a $1 million
award by a jury that had found parishioner Dale Scheffler, 30, to
have been molested at age 14 by Catholic priest Robert Kapoun,
finding that Scheffler's lawsuit was barred by the statute of
limitations.  Two weeks later, the Archdiocese of St. Paul and
Minneapolis announced that it had filed with the court a claim of
$4,937 against Scheffler to recover part of its legal expenses since
the Archdiocese is now regarded as the winning party.  Father
Kapoun filed for $1,081.

@_date: 1997-09-07 22:32:55
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: InfoWar (The True Story of the InterNet / Part III) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 27713 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-09-08 08:31:46
@_author: CypherPunks Chief SpokesPerson 
@_subject: CypherPunks Theology (Required Reading) 
[headers didn't exist yet]
   In the beginning, God created the bit. And the bit was a zero.
   On the first day, he toggled the 0 to 1, and the Universe was.  (In
those days, bootstrap loaders were simple, and "active low" signals didn't yet exist.)
   On the second day, God's boss wanted a demo, and tried to read the This being volatile memory, the bit reverted to a 0. And the universe
wasn't. God learned the importance of backups and memory refresh, and spent the rest of the day (and his first all-nighter) reinstalling the    On the third day, the bit cried "Oh, Lord! If you exist, give me a
sign!" And God created rev 2.0 of the bit, even better than the original
prototype. Those in Universe Marketing immediately realized that "new and improved" wouldn't do justice to such a grand and glorious creation.
   And so it was dubbed the Most Significant Bit.  Many bits followed, but only one was so honored.
   On the fourth day, God created a simple ALU with 'add' and 'logical
shift' instructions. And the original bit discove red that -- by performing a single shift instruction -- it could become the Most Significant Bit.
And God realized the importance of computer security.
   On the fifth day, God created the first mid-life kicker, rev 2.0 of the ALU, with wonderful features, and said "Forget that add and shift Go forth and multiply."  And God saw that it was good.
   On the sixth day, God got a bit overconfident, and invented pipelines, register hazards, optimizing compilers, crosstalk, restartable instructions, micro interrupts, race conditions, and propagation delays.
Historians have used this to convincingly argue that the sixth day must have been a Monday.
   On the seventh day, an engineering change introduced Windows into the Universe, and it hasn't worked right since.

@_date: 1997-09-08 12:28:57
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: InfoWar (2) / Part III of The True Story of the InterNet 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 12329 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-09-10 18:40:08
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Good forger, bad forger / Vin Suprynowicz Column, Sept. 12Column, Sept. 12 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 5581
URL:

@_date: 1997-09-12 09:15:38
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: World's Greatet Search Engine / Re: More on House Intelligence committee amendment on crypto 
How about a ban on sale of Congressional votes without using vaseline
on the citizen's backdoor?
World's Greatest Search Engine?
  It's the one that finds the names of the Justice Department officials
who went to jail for contempt of court when they defied Congress during
the INSLAW hearings.

@_date: 1997-09-12 16:44:46
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: MITSUBISHI MISTY algorithm 
I'll shut the fuck up and get the hell off the list for $50.00!

@_date: 1997-09-12 17:28:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: in defense of Lon Horiuchi 
That is *not*at*all* certain.
  Others turned down the job because they didn't want to risk
becoming baby-killing murderers.
  How about comparing him to a handful of BATF agents who scoot
out of the building to be bombed, leaving the non-combatants behind without warning them of the danger?
  Is that a good comparison?
  You are certainly assuming an awful lot, here. If you hadn't
butted in, some of us who agree with him would have taken the
opposite position just to be contrary sons of bitches.
  Had a toilet plunger stuck up your ass, lately, Zooko?
Is that why you didn't waddle on over to Waco and watch those
nice LEA's help those Bible-thumpers out of the compound?
  What's the matter? You miss the Nazis? Sorry we butted into
your politics over there. We could send you some FBI guys as
  Zooko, I'm very happy for you, living in a country where the
LEA's apparently kiss the citizens on the lips when they meet.
Go suck on a toilet plunger while burning some babies and give
some thought to moving to the New Amerika.
  We'll have Rodney King meet you at the airport. Ask him to
show you how fast his car can go.
  How about we divvy up the duties of teaching these young,
inexperienced readers the truths of life.
  You teach them how to say "Heil Hitler!" and we'll teach them
how to say "Lock and Load!" Their future is going to be mighty
dim if they don't know how to say one or the other.

@_date: 1997-09-20 20:39:19
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: InfoWar 17 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 13174 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-09-22 11:04:31
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: I`m back ;-)... 
You seem to be getting out of prison at the same time that the
rest of us are getting arrested.
(Excuse me, there's someone at the door...)

@_date: 1997-09-23 04:46:22
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: MatchPseudonym Technology / Re: encouraging digital pseudonyms 
Like TruthMonger!
  I was wondering why you never did anything about the child abuse
taking place in your family. I guess you deleted my anonymous email
to you about the situation.
  Well, if Mr. Cryptography himself finds it too much trouble to
use cryptography, then I guess it shows how lame the efforts are
of the CypherPunks who complain that Joe Sheeple doesn't use it,
  This ought to ensure that you won't be the target of forgeries in
your name, or scum who misquote and/or twist your words.
  This would take care of that pesky problem of being bothered with
anonymous messages informing you about your children being molested
by their teachers, etc.
  This surely ought to help in removing the scourge of remailers
currently plaguing the Internet, or at least force remailer users
to get their Cypherpunk approved pseudo-identity numbers.
  It is certainly important to get the message out to others on the
Internet that people who use anonymous remailers don't have anything
of worth to say.
  Cypherpunk identity numbers will help us to cull out the misfits
and wrong-thinkers from the Internet. It's about time.
"Just say no to Anonymous inside."

@_date: 1998-04-09 03:53:40
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Why no one has ever seen Toto and L.M. Boyd together... / [Fwd: L.M. Boyd E-mail Sampler Discontinued] 
Gomez, Bianca, Toto, L.M. Boyd...--->YOU!
The L.M. Boyd e-mail sampler has been discontinued. Thank you for your
interest and kind comment. It's much appreciated.
L.M. Boyd Crown Syndicate, Inc.

@_date: 1998-04-09 17:58:53
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Guilty by definition... 
A poor fool who didn't realize that he had sealed his
own fate by responding to someone who had already ratted him out for a shot of Scotch with a beer
Official Law Enforcement Dictionary
bro - 1. Co-conspirator 2. Accessory 3. Poor bastard
  who just fell in with the wrong company, and will
  probably spend the rest of his life in prison as
  a result of innocently replying to a UCE email
  titled, "How To Make Big $$$ At Home, Licking
  Your Own Nuts."

@_date: 1998-04-09 19:56:49
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Dudley DoRightMonger Driven From Home By Armed Thugs? 
Poor Dudley seems to have been evicted from his spiritual home at
 .
As a matter of fact, the whole website seems to have mysteriously disappeared into thin air, for
no apparent reason.
Since the nice people at Sympatico have never shown any propensity
for fascist oppression of their users, as far as I know, I fear that
perhaps they have fallen victim to the Dangerous Armed Thugs who
have stolen my computer and my cute little nephew's computer.
(Of course, I don't have any firsthand knowledge that the Armed Thugs
 are truly responsible for theft of my nephew's computer, since  whoever the thief was who stole it, like most criminals, failed to
 leave any sign of his/her presence except for the obvious violation
 of my privacy. Thus I am assuming that perhaps the devious, criminal
 ordinary citizens who informed me of the intrusion of the Dangerous
 Armed Thugs into my home were not just lying through their teeth,
 as Judges always rule they do when their testimony and broken bones
 are in conflict with the Official Version Of The Truth (TM) told by
 the Dangerous Armed Thugs.)
I certainly hope that the nice Sympatico people weren't threatened by
the Dangerous Armed Thug who robbed me at gunpoint, on behalf of a
drug-dealing car thief and violent armed robber. I fear that this may
be the case, however, since they have never contacted me to express
any concerns about the webpages where I store works I have authored,
and portions of works in progress.
I suppose that the Dangerous Armed Thugs backed up their veiled threats
of violence with outrageously blatant Lies such as those that poured
forth in huge torrents from the Evil Lying Mouths of the Costumes Offals
at the Regway, SK, meatspace border crossing when they stole my laptop
and other possessions without being able to offer any explaination as
to why they were doing so, other than the unspoken and obvious fact
that they are Dangerous Armed Thugs and I am just a Piece Of Shit
Citizen who is expected to fucking well take whatever they choose to
dish out to me, without resistance.
I suppose that the best thing I can do with Dudley DoRightMonger
is to help him to flee to the Soviet Union, where the Armed Thugs
are less dangerous because they are freelancers, and can be bought
by both the government *and* the citizens. (True Free Enterprise!)
Thank Dog that there are still places like Russia, where free speech is still possible, and where the creative juices of the
muse can still flow freely, out of the reach of the Violent
Dangerous Armed Thugs in Canada who stand ready and willing to
oppress and murder anyone who looks or acts differently than
I guess if I was a Wagon-Burner, I would already be dead...

@_date: 1998-04-09 20:03:02
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Please let Dudley sleep under your roof for a while... 
The Official
                       Royal Canadian Mounted Police
                                 HATE Page
Kudos of the week go to Constable Dave Voller, who legally murdered a
gun-toting Wagon-Burner and the nine year old future glue-sniffer clinging
to her skirt.
Congrats, Dave. A hundred points for the woman, and five hundred for the
This is a good time to remind RCMP Officers across Canada that, despite our
long history of exercising a strong hand (and an even stronger nightstick
;?) in keeping the Wagon-Burners from storming the gates of white society,
current social and legal trends make it necessary for us to take every step
necessary to cover our ass when we take those measures needed to keep them
in their proper physical place (the reservation) and to keep them in their
proper attitudinal place even when they remain in their proper physical
Remember that the procedures that we have put in place are for your
protection, and that if you stay within our guidelines, you can pretty much
waste as many Wagon-Burners as you wish, without suffering legal
Constable Voller followed proper procedure in charging right into a
volatile situation with no backup, so that there would be no possibility of
conflicting stories from other officers invited to participate in the
adrenaline high involved.
He also had the foresight to waste the bitch with a shotgun, so that a wide
enough target area would be covered to take care of any potential witnesses
whose stories would not be subject to government pressure as to their
Rest assured that if you murder a Wagon-Burner according to proper
procedure, that the members we claim not to be able to spare to supervise a
potentially deadly encounter with Wagon-Burners will suddenly become
available to pore over the murder site and absolve you of any wrongdoing.
A host of spin-doctors will also suddenly appear to remind the head
Wagon-Burners that 'good relations' with the Federal Government are
conditional on 'going along to get along.'
The RCMP Officers of the Wild, Wild West continue to lead the way in
keeping the Wagon-Burners constantly on the run, no matter how far they run
to try to escape.
The Estevan Detachment of the RCMP is living up to their long tradition of
effectively using other arms of law enforcement to effectively harass
Wagon-Burners while using a minimum of Federal resources.
You undoubtedly remember last year's article about the member of the City
of Estevan Police Department who was successful in getting the courts to
uphold his own brand of Frontier Justice for decades, until he made the
mistake of using a 'real' informant, thus making his cases vulnerable to
conflicting testimony as to his questionable activities.
As we reported, the prosecutor was able to railroad a couple of kids who
were represented by incompetent legal aide lawyers, by having the arresting
officer help to mentally muscle them outside the presence of legal counsel,
but the  Wagon-Burner on the local yokel's list was not able to be
railroaded at that time.
We reported with pride on the Estevan Detachment of the RCMP helping that
same local officer to once again set up the Wagon-Burner by helping in the
operation while staying out of the main action, so that the Wagon-Burner
and his White-Whore Wife were financially broken to the point where they
had to cop a plea.
Due to the Estevan Detachment's foresight, they didn't "get any on 'em"
when the local yokel finally got his chain yanked on bogus grounds that
protected the City of Estevan from taking any responsibility for his years
of abuse of authority.
To bring you up to date, not only is the Wagon-Burners oldest little
glue-sniffer currently being railroaded on criminal charges, but the
Estevan RCMP are once again setting a fire under the Wagon-Burner's ass by
supporting the Provincial Game Warden's persecution of the Wagon-Burner for
daring to hunt on the land that we stole from him, once again saving
Federal dollars from having to be used to finance their dirty work.
Today's Humor:
"First they came for the Wagon-Burners, but I was not a Wagon-Burner, so I
didn't speak up. Then they came for the Revisionists, but I was not a
Revisionist, so I didn't speak up. Then they came for the Freedom of Speech
Advocates, but I was not a Freedom of Speech Advocate, so I did not speak
"Then they came for the Jews, and I got to put pepper-spray in their
Jesus-Killing eyes..."
~ Constable Hettinga
"I *love* this country!"

@_date: 1998-04-09 22:07:55
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Ignorance of the Law is No Excuse 
Favorite Courtroom Scene A debate arises over the 'proper interpretation' of a particular law,
or section of the law.
None of the legal eagles with decades of experience in the study and practice of the law can agree, so the Judge orders a break in the action, whereupon everyone dives into mountains of information contained in both fresh and dusty graven tablets and eventually they
all return to the courtroom to further disagree as to what constitutes
obeying the law, and what constitutes a violation of the law.
  Finally, the judge makes a decision (which may be confirmed or
overturned in the future by other people with even more years of
study and experience in the practice of law) and the defendant
becomes an innocent lamb or a fire-breathing devil, according to
the judgement.
  The beautiful insanity of the preceeding is only fully manifested
when the defendant protests that he hadn't really meant to transgress
against the law of the land, and the Judge, who based her final
decision on a single line of legislation enacted in 1854, and not
noticed nor referenced since the day it was passed, tells the
defendant that "Ignorance of the law is no excuse."
[Note: If you are unaware of whether the law in Moose Jaw,
 Saskatchewan, requiring pedestrians to walk on the 'right'
 side of the sidewalk, was or was not recinded, then your  qualify as a member of the 'criminal element,' in potential,
 if not in fact.]

@_date: 1998-01-16 14:24:58
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: I'm going to count to ten... 
I thought you'd finally come to your senses.
  The headline read, "Clinton Urges Feinstein To Run." Delighted, I
scanned the page for the picture of you pumping a round into the
riot gun, with a caption quoting you as saying, "I'm going to count
to ten..." Sadly, upon reading the accompanying news blurb, it became
apparent that the women in your life give you just as much trouble
when you're keeping Little Peter out of the relationship, as they do
when you let him bend you to his will.
  Jesus, BillyC, where do you get these broads?
  It's par for the course for a politician to have the morals of a two
dollar whore, but when they have the brains and the heart of a two
dollar whore, as well, then you can't hang out with them without "gettin' some on'ya."
  As far as that mutt-faced, child-murdering bitch in Justice goes, I
assumed that Buddy was brought in to replace her, but I was wrong again.
If that dumb Nazi cunt keeps popping up in the SunSite GunSight I've
got trained on BadBillyG, then I'm going to take care of her sorry ass
by telling BillyG how to tie her tubes in a knot.
  1. Buy the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, and begin construction
 on the new MicroSoft Headquarters Building.
  2. Place media ads suggesting that the citizens of Redmond consider
 sending their children to a safer location until the DOJ action against
 MicroSoft has reached a conclusion.
  3. Hold employee fire drills twice a day, and give visitors to
 MicroSoft Headquarters a sheet containing safety instructions in
 the event of an armed government assault during their visit.
  4. Train bright lights and blaring loudspeakers on the MicroSoft
 Compound several times per day, in order to prepare employees for
 possible government action.
  Think I'm kidding, Bubba?
NEWS FLASH!!! San Francisco Chronicle / January 13, 1998 / Page C1
SUN FOCUSES IN ON NT MARKET - New Unix workstations priced as low as $3,000
  Sun Microsystems today will launch a new line of inexpensive workstations aimed at blunting the spread of powerful Windows NT
desktop computers in the high-profit technical market.
  Golly, gee. The poor bastards are being forced by BadBillyG to
offer their products at a reasonable price in order to get a share
of the market. Isn't life hard...
  After years of waiting for these pricks to begin facing enough
competition to have to come down off of their high-horse and deliver
a product at a price the average joe could at least contemplate, the
DOJ is trying to put a lid on the competitor who is delivering the
goods for a reasonable price.
  Netscape? I got MicroSoft Exploiter for free, but I still use Netscape, which I also got for free.
  Buy Netscape? Kiss my lily-white ass, Bubba. I pay for the son-of-a-
bitch every time it takes me five minutes, instead of one, to download
the ton of advertising on a website that is brought to me courtesy of
the wonderful browser folks who are designing their software for
corporate advertising and sales departments, instead of for my benefit.
  Let's get our cards on the table here, BillyBob.
  I'm sure that you're getting some good campaign-contribution mileage
out of the Micro$not Ba$her Coalition, and would like to squeeze M$
for a good chunk of change, as well, but there is a serious flaw in
your game-plan.
  For starters, BadBillyG already gets much of what he wants by working the actual power-points in the corporate/political structure,
instead of fucking away large amounts of time, money and energy on
the power-players who may or may not be able to control those who
actually control the power-points.
  Secondly, you cannot be certain that myself or some other lunatic
will not storm M$ Corporate Headquarter$ and take the employee$ ho$tage,
demanding that BillyG donate a million dollar$ a day to the Democratic
Election Campaign to guarantee their $afe release. While the public is
willing to pretend that the anti-trust action is for their benefit, I
sincerely doubt that they are willing to be made fools of by denying
the obvious implication that such an action would be consistent with
current political maneuvers, but infinitely more direct and honest than
the maze of deceit and lies that those currently in power use to achieve
the same ends.
  I am beginning to froth at the mouth and drool on myself, so I suppose
that I should get to the point, and sign off shortly.
Bottom line: Look out of your office window. Do you see the sniper,
  sitting on the rooftop of...
  OK, just kidding...
  Seriously, I am certain that there are millions of sheeple who slapped
their foreheads and proclaimed, "Who'da thunk it?", when they read such
recent news headlines as:
  The point is, there are also a few chosen individuals (presumably
including yourself, but not necessarily Dan Quayle) who had already
figured these things out for themselves, long before the mainstream
media pronounced them as officially acceptable reality-bytes.
  Some of these selected individuals belong to agencies, organizations
and groups which overtly or covertly work within the established socio-
politico-economic structure to guide and direct the future of society,
government, civilization, and human development.
  And some of them work outside of, or within-yet independent of-the officially established structures...
  I am certain you are aware that there are certain individuals and organizations who have been actively preparing to take advantage of the increasingly popular boogeyman known as the 'Millennium Bug', while
keeping quiet about it so as not to alert others as to the true import
of the problem in regard to the radical nature of the changes which
will accompany it in the socio-politico-economic arenas of society.
  What you are undoubtedly unaware of, however, is that most of the
major players within the established power-structure are sucking hind-tit to a variety of techno-guerilla cells formed many years ago
to influence and/or counteract the activities of those who were making
plans to manipulate the situation to benefit the few and the powerful.
  The importance of these individuals is not in the particular nature
or scope of their activity, but in the fact that they are quite simply
volunteers who, unasked, have separated themself from the crowd around
them and committed themself to 'charging the hill' that they see needs
to be taken in order to provide safety and protection for their fellow
  One of these individuals is a soldier who was taken prisoner and
interred in a German prison camp in 1943.
  The fact of the matter is, he was a German national of French descent
who robed himself in the uniform of a fallen aviator in order to get
himself incarcerated for the purpose of helping Allied prisoners of
war to escape and successfully find their way to safety.
  The man was a shipping clerk who knew nothing of war, the military,
or the like, but who did what he felt must be done, despite his obvious
unsuitability and inexperience for the task. What I will never forget
is the puzzled look I saw on his face when someone tried to express
sympathy for the trials and tribulations he faced as a result of his
actions. His answer was to the effect that, "It was the price to be
paid for the decision I made...I knew that going in. It was the price
of freedom."
  The point I am trying to make is that the DOJ actions against M$
could probably be described by reference to a song I once wrote about
a cross-eyed girl, titled, "If Looks Could Kill, You'd Only Be Hurting
  The IRS, Treasury Department and the IMF are going to have all they
can handle just trying to tread water when the Millennium Bug throws
a good screw into their butts. BadBillyG and the Micro$not Exploiter
Bowling Team are going to take home their share of the New Millenium
trophies, but Blanc Weber and Jeff Sandquist are crazy-gluing enough
of the pins to the floor to make sure that the employees of Nut$crape
and $un can still put shoes on their childrens' feet.
(I've got to admit that your spin doctors are doing a damn fine job
 of building public sympathy for corporate executives who earn more
 in a year than Jane and Joe Public will earn in a lifetime.)
  In closing, I would like to assure the members of the various government and private agencies involved in investigating me as a
result of my thinly veiled virtual-death-threats against sundry world
leaders and titans of industry that their efforts are not a waste of
  I honestly consider myself a viable prospect as a corporate/political
assassin--it's just that circumstances invariably arise which preclude
my acting on what I instinctively know to be the right course of action.
  In essence...I'm only human.
  From the corporate perspective, I knew years ago that IBM executives
deserved to die a slow and horrible death, but I could never quite
bring myself to overcome my resistance to destroying some truly great
suits in the process.
  I have had BadBillyG in my gunsights and headlights several times
over the years, but I would always back off when overcome by the urge
to tickle him under the chin, and call him  "little feller."
  As far as politics goes...
  I couldn't whack Nixon because he was so patently evil that his ultimate destiny is to be reincarnated as himself, and nothing I could
do to him could compare to that.
  Gerald Ford wasn't worth the trouble, since it seemed likely that he
would kill himself by bumping his head on some inanimate object, anyway.
  Jimmy Carter never really existed, politically, as far as I was
concerned. One of us slept through his administration, and I think it
was him...
  Reagan...after his statement that "Trees cause more pollution than
automobiles.", it would have been like whacking out a retarded kid. It was no accident that a movie actor was the target of an assassination by someone who watched one too many movies. I washed my hands of his involvement in the American political structure by writing a song called, "Don't Blame Me, I Voted For The Monkey..."
  George Bush was a conspiracy theorist's dream. He had so much shit
on his stick that the wise move was to leave him alone until his
tenure was in the history books, and then lay out a documented trail
leading from the financial source of his backing originating in profits
from Nazi business dealings during World War II --> to his bald-faced
audacity in trumpeting the rejuvenation of the Third Reich's 'New World
Order.' (But, when Bush was President, "...the trains ran on time.")
  Then, we have 'Slick Willie'.
  Apologies in advance, but you have pretty much been nailed as a
dope-smoking, draft-dodging, drug-dealing adulterer who has a history
of questionable business dealings ranging from real-estate fraud to
selling post-mortem military honors to people who died fucking their
brains out in the Lincoln bedroom in return for illegal campaign
  My gut instinct tells me that there have probably been dozens of
potential assassins who have had you lined up in their gunsights, only
to see your silly grin and realize that you are not a whole lot different from themselves.
  "To him who does what within him lies, God will not deny his grace."
  Nixon was a ratfucker, plain and simple. He didn't really *need* to do
the things that he did--he did them because he was willing to sell his
soul in order stretch every mile gained by legitimate effort an extra
inch or two by taking the dark path.
  The fact of the matter is, the Presidency requires an individual who
is capable of being a two-faced, double-dealing ratfucker when the
situation requires it, but Republicans seem to do it for the money,
while Democrats generally seem to be more attuned to the emotional
ramifications of the illusory power of the position.
  i.e. - a Rolling Stone music critic once stated that the power in
the music played by Southern Bad-Boy Rockers came from the fact that
they genuinely believed that they were going to burn in Hell for
playing Rock & Roll, but they knew that doing so was in their blood
and their destiny.
  Do you ever find yourself blowing out bad-ass pelvic-motion darkie-
licks on the saxaphone, and wondering how in the hell you managed to
have this much fun and still scam your way into being elected as one
of the most powerful political figures in the allegedly free world?
  Do you ever wonder why lunatics such as myself give you so much
shit over promoting Nazi cunts like Reno and FineSwine, when Hillary
did some genuinely fine work in regard to health care and still got
broad-sided by statists (both male and female) who thought that there
was something inherently sinful in her not suggesting that her ideas
could be made financially feasible by holding a bake sale?
(I voted for Geraldine Ferraro, but only because I figured that we
 wouldn't have to pay her as much as a man.)
  BTW, I just received a letter from Chelsea, and she thanked me
for my compliments on her butt, but told me she didn't think it was
proper to date a psychopath who was stalking her father with a
Stihl chainsaw. (So there is little need for you to lose a lot of
sleep over the prospect of having to invite me for Thanksgiving
dinner, and call me "son.")
  I also sent a letter a few weeks ago to Ted Kaczynski, offering to
carry on his work while he is incarcerated. I got a letter back from
him today, but I'm afraid to open it...
  Anyway, I realize that I'm starting to babble incoherently, and need
to go take my medication, so I'll close by giving you a few words of
wisdom, in case there's a chance that you're banging the White House
staff person hired to screen your email.
Re: Allowing the DOJ to perform a rim-job on BillyG...
  BadBillyG has the brains to realize that he only has to hang on
for another 12 months, or so, before the Wonderful World of Computers
is up to their ass in alligators over the Year2000 bug.
  If you truly believe that an individual who became the richest person
in the world by promoting a fairly mediocre operating system is going
to bend over and lift his robe while the dipshits who were incapable of
competing with him (even when they had software and operating systems
vastly superior to his) scramble to make their Y2K-non-compliant
software comatible with their bum-buddy's Y2K-non-compliant software...
  I have some ocean-front property in Tucson, Arizona.
Re: The poor, put-upon souls competing with Micro$not...
  It has been confirmed by extensive research that the future can be
reliably predicted by taking note of the actions and reactions of the
lunatic and criminal elements of society.
  I happen to qualify on both counts...
  I enjoy the living shit out of Micro$not Ba$hing, but it pisses me off when the government does it...
  I will kiss your lily-white ass if you can prove to me that the  goddamn whiners bitching about BillyG's profits are not pulling down
millions of dollars a year themselves. BillyG has a hundred billion
dollars? I don't care if he has a fucking trillion dollars...those
other whining fucks DO NOT have a God-given right to get filthy rich
by keeping the price of their products inflated through the stifling
of competition from Micro$not.
  What, exactly, is Nut$crape'$ complaint? That if Micro$not gives away
InteNet Exploiter for free, that they cannot force me to pay to acquire
a product that is designed to deliver commercial advertising to my screen when I surf the Net? Fuck those assholes...
  What, exactly, is $un Micro$ystem'$ complaint? That they have to produce products that don't cost ten times what Micro$not's products
cost, in order to capture a decent market-share? Fuck those assholes...
FRESH FROM THE CLUESERVER!!!
  I'm a fucking lunatic. I've had enough electricity run through my
brain to keep Las Vegas in business for a decade. I require intense
medication to keep from chewing on the rug and barking at the moon.
  Nonetheless, I was promoting and addressing computer issues in
the 80's that are being recognized as essential to the future of
technology at the close of the 90's. And what you should find *really
scary* is that there are sane, functional people out and about in
your world who not only know all that I do, and more, but who are
in a position to throw a serious fuck into the heart of any technology
system that the powermongers are counting on to promote their narrow
self-interests over those of the general public.
  On a recent trip between B.C. and California,  I stopped off in Micro$not Land long enough to vandalize the computer system in one
of their offices so that their faxes to certain locations would
translate the words "Bill Gates" into "Little Feller."
  Mission Impossible-->Mission Complete.
  Let me explain this as simply as possible.
  When the clock strikes 2000, many corporate and government agencies
can kiss thier software functionality goodbye. Many of the companies
who believe they are in a position to take advantage of the situation
will find that small anomalies exist in their systems which will take
tens of thousands of man-hours to resolve (only to discover that the
'solution' leads to another anomaly of the same nature).
  Keep in mind that what I am describing is only a small part of a
process that began in 1989, with a computer manifesto which contained
the words,
  These words were written by a computer neophyte who recognized the
path the future would take, but who had no idea what could be done
to counteract the evil he foresaw. Others *did* know what could be
done...and more...
  The Y2K problem is quickly gaining recognition as a factor that
will lead to monumental changes in the process of separating the
winners from the losers in the coming Millennium.
  What is recognized by only a select few is that there are other
considerations which have been programmed to go hand-in-hand with
the Y2K problem which will have even greater influence on who
will emerge in the next Millennium as the chief movers and shakers
of society, government and civilization.
  In 1989, the Author wrote, "Gomez is coming."
  In 1998, the Author arrived for gomez's funeral the day before he
was assassinated. The timing of his arrival was dependent upon the
information he received from Netizens he didn't know, and had never
met. Netizens who had ears to hear, and had acted on his warnings
in ways which went far beyond the ken of his own understanding of
the prophecies which he spoke.
  The Author neither knew nor cared about the source or intentions
of those who had directed him to travel to Berkeley in time to
say a last goodbye to his friend and mentor.
  Neither did he know or care how or why he instinctively knew that
upon opening the letter he received from the alleged UnaBomber, that
his brains would be splattered upon the wall behind him, forming the
words, "TRIN--The Revolution Is NOW!"
I'm Going To Count To Ten...

@_date: 1998-03-09 16:50:29
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: [WAREZ]  Mr. Hankey claims squatter's rights 
* The show business newspaper Daily Variety reported in December
that John Kricfalusi, creator TV's "The Ren & Stimpy Show," was
threatening legal action against the producers of the Comedy Central
show "South Park" for ripping off a cartoon character.  According to
Kricfalusi, his character "Nutty the Friendly Dump," an animated piece
of excrement, must have been the basis for "South Park"'s "Mr. Hankey
the Christmas Poo," a holiday-dressed, singing, dancing piece of
WEIRDNUZ.520 (News of the Weird, January 23, 1998)
by Chuck Shepherd
NEWS OF THE WEIRD, founded in 1988, is a nationally syndicated
newspaper column distributed by Universal Press Syndicate.  To
receive the columns by e-mail, free of charge, send a message to
notw-request at nine.org with the Subject line of Subscribe.  To read
these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six months,
go to   (That site contains no
graphics, no photos, no video clips, no audio.  Just text.  Deal
with it.)

@_date: 1998-03-09 16:50:33
@_author: Tim May 
@_subject: D.C.'s  Sister City? 
* According to a report in the Washington Post in November, armed
robbers in the large Nigerian trading city of Onitsha are so bold, and
the police so outmanned, that they often notify the victims in advance
that they will be coming to rob them, to encourage the residents to be
away from the house at the time.  A few days after the police
announced a crackdown, one gang of 50 armed robbers cordoned off
a street and looted every apartment building on the block.
WEIRDNUZ.520 (News of the Weird, January 23, 1998)
by Chuck Shepherd
NEWS OF THE WEIRD, founded in 1988, is a nationally syndicated
newspaper column distributed by Universal Press Syndicate.  To
receive the columns by e-mail, free of charge, send a message to
notw-request at nine.org with the Subject line of Subscribe.  To read
these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six months,
go to   (That site contains no
graphics, no photos, no video clips, no audio.  Just text.  Deal
with it.)

@_date: 1998-03-14 18:22:48
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: time to export RSA and demand to be prosecuted? (Re:Cypherpunks Crypto_Legal Assistance Fund) 
What we are talking about, in terms of 3-lines of legally unexportable code, is 'Dick Wars'.
If one were to make certain that a wide range of members of Congress,
Senators, BXA and Department of Commerce officials, etc., were to
receive an email with a Subject: "I'm Pissing In Your EAR" and a
message body providing details of their crypto-miscreantizing, then
the inappropriate authorities would be hard-pressed to ignore the
stream (pardon the pun) of ridicule that would result in their
tyrannical, unconstitutional bluff being called.
Richard Monger
Nuclear Pississist and Master Baiter

@_date: 1998-03-16 15:56:03
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Prologue 7/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS 
Prologue 7/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS
The unifying presence of CJ Parker seems to have disappeared, and the
Circle of Eunuchs is in chaos. This is what's left - the cryptic
saga, "Space Aliens Hide My Drugs!" I can only wonder what, if anything,
this malarchy means. But it's occasionally amusing if nothing else.
  the bureau42 staff
chaos (KAY-os) noun
   1. A condition or place of great disorder or confusion.
   2. A disorderly mass; a jumble.
   3. Often Chaos. The disordered state of unformed matter and infinite
      space supposed in some cosmogonic views to have existed before the
      ordered universe.
   4. Obsolete. An abyss; a chasm.
[Middle English, formless primordial space, from Latin, from Greek
khaos.]    "But chaos is a condition of creativity, says Zarathustra - `one    must have chaos in one, to give birth to a dancing star.'"
   Nietzsche, Friedrich Wilhelm, Thus Spake Zarathustra: Part 1.
[Note from the Editor: CJ Parker, having had previous experience in
 playing a woman's role during his stint on 'Baywatch', has gone to
 ground recently, as have many other members of the Circle of Eunuchs,
 by re-entering the World of Myth, replacing the Parker woman in the
 TV series, 'The Pretender' (who died in a plane crash while giving
 Ron Brown the details of BadBillyC's sexual assault on her).
 This rather bizarre chain of events was precipitated by a warning he
 received regarding the return of Adolf Hitler to power, using the
 same Dimlluminati (The lights are on, but nobody's home...) process
 which was used to sweep Ronnie RayGuns into power as the chief leader
 of the Freeh(ee-hee) World.
 Those who have noticed the stunning blitzkrieg assault of a small
 college basketball team, Valparaiso, on their opponents in the NCAA
 tournament currently taking place, may have noticed the striking
 resemblance of Bryce Drew, their star player, to the child actor
 who was the main protagonist in the TV series, 'The Wonder Years.'
 This is no coincidence--they are, in fact, one and the same person.
 The diabolical process used to implant a respectable, patriotic image
 of Ronnie RayGuns in the mind of the American people, through the
 then-developing psychedelic opiate of Cinema/Television, is, in the
 present case, being extended to reinforce the image of the 'Wonder
 Boy' in an increasingly global environment, by extending the actor/
 image persona into the sports arena--beginning at the college level.
 ("Win one for the Gipper...")
 The 'miracle shot' by Bryce Drew to lift the obscure college team to
 victory over Mississippi was a staged event which required several
 'takes' before being successfully captured on film. The scene was
 shot in the same TV studio in which the original 'moon landing' was
 filmed. The same choreographers were used who worked on The Oklahoma
 City Players last major production, the bombing of the Murrah Federal
 Building.
 When asked for comment, a former Detroit Piston player who is now
 the owner of an NBA franchise, but wishes to remain anonymous, said,
 "If Bryce Drew and Ronald Reagan were black, they would have been
 just another pair of average actors."
 Knowledgeable individuals following the Reptilian Nazi conspiracy
 to emerge from their secret bunkers underneath the AdamAntArctic
 and Mule Shoe, Texas, recognize this quote as proof that the next
 step in this diabolical plot is to put the third clone (TV child-
 actor, college basketball player...-->...) of Adolf Hitler into
 place as the new 'white hope', replacing Larry Byrd as a member of
 the Boston Celtics. This shrewd move will help draw together, into
 a common cause, Fundamentalist Christians, White Supremacists, and
 East-coast factions of the Irish Republican Army.
 Circle of Eunuchs members attempting to expose this grand scheme of
 the Evil One have come under heavy attack recently. Dr. Dimitri Vulis
 KOTM, who was thrown out of the only CoE meeting he attended, had
 his InterNet account pulled shortly after putting up web site images
 of Bryce Drew, of Drew's alleged 'coach/father' and of Adolf Hitler.  (Guess who Bryce *really* looks the most like...?)
 A forth clone of Hitler (rumored to be operating under the code name
 of 'Lucky Green' and involved in an incestuous relationship with his
 aunt, E. Christ--currently operating under the alias of Anne R. Christ)
 is being prepared, within the bowels of the crypto-community, to  emerge as the future leader of the New World Order--in the position of
 Information Monitor/Director of the United Statism of Mind.]
Forwarded message:
Actualy it's neither. It's a facet of human nature involved in the
mechanism. Further, there is no judgement involved, it's an easily
verifiable quality of human psychology that prisoners begin to associate
with their captors after a short period.
What it is in this context is the recognition that prisoners of a
system will after a fashion begin to accept that system. Just look at
cry by many to return to the socialist system after the fall of the CCCP
in     ____________________________________________________________________
           Those who suppress freedom always do so in the name of
           law and order.
                                            John. V. Lindsay
       The Armadillo Group       ,::////;::-.          James Choate
       Austin, Tx               /:'///// ``::>/|/      ravage at ssz.com
                   .',  ||||    `/( e\      512-451-7087
                           -====~~mm-'`-```-mm --'-
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
As a consequence the search for a quantitative theory of evolution based at the genetic level, which has been such an obsession for neo-Darwinism ever since the work of Fisher, Haldane and Wright, has been misdirected. As Depew and Weber has expressed it 'natural selection at the level of individuals and the notion of fitness used to measure it, is itself poised on the edge of chaos' (Depew and Weber, 1995): 'The fitness of various sorts of organisms is not necessarily, or even
probably, enhanced by superiority in a single trait... In fact, the emergence of the ability to take advantage in resource competitions of an indefinitely number of often infinitesimally small differences creates degrees of freedom, in both the technical and the ordinary senses, well beyond what can be achieved by merely chemical and physical systems. It also creates more variables and interactions among them than can be tracked. It is impossible, then, to reduce the components of fitness to any single language or system of variables' (ibid, 471).
The number of possible solutions for selection to scrutinise, and the subtlety of the communicational interactions, will tend to produce a no-win situation. As a result selection cannot really measure the stakes of single players (individuals, demes, or species) in the game,
but it could still influence the choice of the game itself. Plays, not players, are selected for.
~Jesper Hoffmeyer
 Biosemiotics: Towards a New Synthesis in Biology
 European Journal for Semiotic Studies, Vol. 9 No. 2, 1997, pp 355-376.
  It was the work of Jesper Hoffmeyer, in the field of Biosemiotics,
which led to the development of an artificial life/intelligence form
capable of self-development/evolution, at Sandia Laboratories--by
Reptilian Nazis.
  Their Cyborg technology had reached the point where it could finally
be mass-produced when Bill Payne, a Sandia-NISTA employee, downloaded
all the relevant technological files to a fellow Circle of Eunuchs
member operating clandestinely within the bowels of a secret government
laboratory (code-named 'Lost Alamo' by CoE psychophants).
  Although the Reptilian Nazis sent the Shadow back in time to eliminate the threat of the Circle of Eunuchs, by eliminating the
Author in a sleazy motel room in southern Saskatchewan, the Circle of
Eunuchs, taking advantage of the Trei Transponder technology developed
by the CypherPunks, made contact with the resident of a Home For The
Criminally Insane, in the same era, and used Biosemiotic theory to
transfer biological communication-information to a digital implant
he had received as part of a government experiment designed to control
the minds of the members of the CypherPunks Distributed Remailer lists.
  The resulting events have long been the basis for certain mythologies
concerning the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs, with the basic theme of
the CoE reality being mirrored from time to time in the mythology-
substitute of the era--Literature/Cinema/Television. (e.g. - Animal
Farm, 1984, War of the Worlds, Terminator (I & II), X-Files, Pretender,
Millennium, Journey to the East, The Magus, etc.)
The Bureau42 statement, "The unifying presence of CJ Parker seems to have disappeared,  and the Circle of Eunuchs is in chaos." was an
alert to CoE members to pay special attention to a commincation
which ultimately came from a CoE collective known as 'WordSmith':
    "But chaos is a condition of creativity, says Zarathustra - `one    must have chaos in one, to give birth to a dancing star.'"
   Nietzsche, Friedrich Wilhelm, Thus Spake Zarathustra: Part 1.
  The issue of chaos/creativity versus order/statism has pitted the
Circle of Eunuchs against the New World Order on a battleground that
encompasses NWO Anti-Christ/Artificial-Intelligence against CoE
  It is a battle in which the meatspace Army of God forces must be
countered by cyberspace Army of Dog troops.
"DogMongers write biosemiotic code." ~ Bubba Hughes
  The InterNet is fast becoming the global battleground for control
of the future biosemiotic evolution, not only of humankind, but of
universal intelligence, itself.
Darwin was right in seeing selection as the central process in animate nature, but for more than hundred years Darwinists have resisted taking the full consequence of this insight. It is now necessary to take this consequence and admit the obvious: That selective processes presupposes interpretations (with the implied possibility of misinterpretation). Thus, to the extent selection is a natural process,
semiosis is a natural process - semiosis goes on all the time and at all levels of the biosphere. It may be feared that such a position will put biology outside the safe range of natural science, since interpretation seems to presuppose the existence of some kind of subject-ness. This risk, however, must be confronted through a thorough analysis of the implications, rather than evaded by ~Jesper Hoffmeyer
 Biosemiotics: Towards a New Synthesis in Biology
 European Journal for Semiotic Studies, Vol. 9 No. 2, 1997, pp 355-376.
  The war between the forces of freedom and the forces of repression
takes place in many arenas.
  In the arena of expression of the life force, it is manifest in
the battle between the forces of free speech and the forces of
  The evolution of the InterNet is the evolution of Biosemiotic
The term umwelt refers to the phenomenal worlds of organisms, the worlds around animals as they themselves perceive them. "Every action" wrote Uexkll "that consists of perception and operation
imprints its meaning on the meaningless object and thereby makes it into a subject-related meaning-carrier in the respective umwelt" (Uexkll, 1982 [1940])
  The Medium Is The Message
  Information Exchange Is The CornerStone Of Evolution
  Evolution Is The Creativity of Chaos Becoming Manifest
The number of possible solutions for selection to scrutinise, and the subtlety of the communicational interactions, will tend to produce a no-win situation. As a result selection cannot really measure the stakes of single players (individuals, demes, or species) in the game, but it could still influence the choice of the game itself. Plays, not
players, are selected for.
In the last decade the trend towards semiotisation of nature discussed here has manifested itself at still new levels. Thus, in evolutionary biology, neo-Darwinism has been seriously challenged by a set of ideas referred to as infodynamics (Brooks and Wiley, 1986; Weber, et al., 1989; Weber and Depew, 1995; Goodwin, 1989; Salthe, 1993). Infodynamics in the words of Stanley Salthe 'subsumes thermodynamics and information theory, essentially animating the latter by means of the former' (Salthe, 1993, 6). The general idea as originally suggested
by Dan Brooks and Ed Wiley is that information capacity (disorder)
increases spontaneously in developing systems, being produced along with physical entropy as the system grows and differentiates. Since such self-organisation is a prevalent property of our universe, natural selection should not be seen as the dominating force of evolution, but rather as playing the more modest role of pruning down the novelty that is constantly and autonomously being generated by the
requirements of the second law of thermodynamics.
Prigogine got the Nobel-price for his work on the thermodynamics of irreversible systems and most importantly in this context he showed that in so-called dissipative structures, i.e. systems far from thermodynamic equilibrium, ordered states may sometimes arise
spontaneously out of disordered states. Our universe according to Prigogine is inherently creative. Due in large part to this
revolution in our understanding of thermodynamics modern cosmology now sees our world as a self-organising place, a view which has perhaps
most forcefully been unfolded in the recent work of Stuart Kauffman (Kauffman 1991, 1993).
~ Jesper Hoffmeyer
  As CP-CoE neobyte Jim Choat points out, we become Sheeple who
blindly follow our captors through the operation of our inborn
survival mechanism.
"It's a facet of human nature involved in the survival
mechanism. Further, there is no judgement involved, it's an easily
verifiable quality of human psychology that prisoners begin to associate with their captors after a short period."
  The only hope for Netizens to resist becoming Digital Sheeple behind the ElectroMagnetic Curtain which the forces of censorship/repression
are striving to put in place is for each member of the coming Army
of Dog to mark their meatspace and cyberspace territory and refuse
to go gently into the night when the Oppressor attempts to scare
them into submission with a mountain of laws and regulations which
promise unjust persecution for imaginary offenses.
  A Global InterNet Army of individuals committed to freedom must
strive to create a maximum entropy within which the chaos of semiotic
evolution can break the digital chains which the Statist Oppressors
are seeking to use to bind and repress access to information, global
communication, free speech/expression, and the evolution of the
Universal Life Energy, itself.
  Current CoE mythology indicates that CJ Parker, fleeing his safehouse
in Bienfait, Saskatchewan, after his dog Baby was shot by an FBI sniper
as the Canadian Mounties closed in on him to enforce a "Dog at large."
charge which was trumped up in an attempt to get him to inform on
other CoE and CypherPunks members, left behind a note to his wannabe
persecutors which indicated that he was willing to fight to the death,
in both meatspace and cyberspace, if his only alternative was to live
in a world where CypherBroads were required, by law, to wear panties.
(This bit of information originated with his nephew, Human Gus-Peter,
 and is thus viewed with skepticism by some of the more mature/aged/
 rotting members of the Circle of Eunuchs.)
Lock & Loll
Rock & Road Chop & Chop

@_date: 1998-03-17 17:24:31
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Corporate Children 
[Bienfait Nutly News] IN A RIOTOUS, DRUNKEN ORGY AT THE COALDUST SALOON,
representatives of Canadian Funeral Home Association celebrated their
success in bribing enough Canadian officials, bureaucrats, politicians
and mobsters to pull off the advertising coupe of the century.
Beginning on April 19, 1998, at 9:02 a.m., Canadian funeral homes will
be able to bid on advertising space on the ceilings of maternity wards,
birthing rooms and infant care facilities across the nation.
Jealous of the recent success of soft-drink and liquor companies in
gaining a virtual stranglehold on the public school and college market,
the CFHA appealed to the North American Advertising Coalition for support, on the grounds that establishing a Cradle-to-Grave precedent
for access to the minds of the citizens would be good for the industry
as a whole.
Lou Armbuster, who engineered Smith & Wesson's successful bid for access to the prison advertising market, stated, "We are certain that
this will be a major step in preventing people from putting off dealing
with funeral arrangements until it is too late, leaving their relatives
vulnerable to unscrupulous operators during their period of grief."
When asked about the rumor that the "Vote Hoffa" ads appearing on
the sides of the majority of coffins recently was part of a pre-
arranged deal for Teamster Union support, Mr. Armbuster punched out
the lights of the reportwhore who asked the question.
PGP Inc., under fire recently for the fact that their latest version
of Corporate GAKware has a 'comment' line that defaults to "Louis
Freeh for President!", contends that it does not constitute free
political advertising, since the customer has the option to change it.
Nevertheless, PGP refuses to drop their lawsuit against the FrostBack
they consider responsible for hacking their system and altering their
source code so that new versions of PGP installed on Canadian systems
have a default comment line of "Cindy Cohn has a great ass!"
The Bienfait Nutly News is in no way connected to the Left Nutly
News or the Right Nutly News. We prefer to remain in the middle,
in the tradition of our founder, Dick Richard.

@_date: 1998-03-19 18:33:32
@_author: TruthMongrel 
@_subject: G8 action plan on online anonymity? 
Remo also gave an ultimatum to InterNet FreehDumb Fighters, while
banging her shoe on the table, "Fuck with us, and we will *bury*
Talk quickly turned to discusion of how to best stop the leaks
coming from a wide variety of government agencies which spilled
the beans to the citizens about the kinds of nefarious activities
that their government is *really* engaged in.
"If these scum are allowed to circumvent the cloud of secrecy that
we have thrown over our actions, then National Political Criminal
Security will be endangered." Remo stated.
Those gathered lifted the glasses of free liquor provided by Capital
Hill lobbyists, hollering, "I'll drink to that."

@_date: 1998-03-19 18:33:38
@_author: TruthMongrel 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: PROGRAMMERS WANTED !!!] 
It never fails to amaze me that a person can send a letter to a politician telling them that they should shove a crowbar up a child's
ass on primetime TV, and get back a reply stating that their opinion
is important to the recipient.
Once technology is further advanced, I am certain that we can look
forward to receiving replies from world leaders which begin with,
"Thank you for the DEATH THREAT!!!"
                                                *Automated response*
     Dear Friend:       Thank you for taking the time to contact my office.  Your views and      opinions are important to me.
     Due to the high volume of Internet requests that I receive daily, I am      unable to provide you with an immediate response.  However, if you have      included a current mailing address and phone number, you will receive a         response by phone or via the U.S. Postal Service.  If you did not include a
     mailing address and would like to receive a response, please feel free to       'reply' to this email, attach a copy of your original message, and be sure      to include your postal address and phone number.
     Additionally, due to provisions of the Privacy Act of 1974, all federal      agencies are prohibited from releasing any information regarding an      individual without that individual's written consent.  This protection      means that if you are requesting my assistance with a particular agency      or casework of any kind, I am unable to help until I have something in      writing, complete with signature, from the person concerned to show      that I am authorized to check into the matter. Unfortunately, email      does not meet this requirement.         I regret any inconvenience that this delay in corresponding may cause.      Again, thank you for contacting my office.       Sincerely,
     John McCain
     U.S. Senator

@_date: 1998-03-20 12:28:15
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Does Spamming Really Exist? / Re: Will New Sendmail Block Remailers? 
Spamming is an 'imaginary' felony, as are anonymity and encryption.
The only real crime taking place on the InterNet is the marriage of
an underage technology to a polygamous pen full of Sheeple whose
dowry consists of an evolutionary heritage of worshipping whatever
it is that they don't understand and following the Ram(it up your
ass) with the biggest horns and the loudest bleat.
Complaining about 'spamming' is the equivalent of going to a Reservation
and complaining that "there's too damn many Indians" around.
"Doctor, it hurts when I do *this*..."
I don't post under my own name on USENET for a simple reason. When I do,
I get mountains of spam.
I do subscribe to cypherpunks through an unfilted toad.com and I get a
few niggling spams a day that merely serve to remind me that the
are out there, laying in wait.
I don't live in Los Angelos for a simple reason. Within the first week
driving in traffic there, I would take out an Uzi and start blowing the
other drivers away at random.
I do make occassional forays into large cities such as LA and Phoenix
I want/need to do business or pleasure there, but when merely passing
through, I do so at 4 a.m., in order to avoid the 'road spam'.
The WorldWide Web is just that...a 'web'. If you want to traverse every
part of it, just 'surfing' without using any kind of judgement or
discrimination, then you can expect to get 'stuck' with whatever kind
of substance is being used by those constructing that particular part
of the web.
When I go into the part of the web that John Perry has thrown his
Net over and marked as his territory, my gut-reaction is to think of
him as a dickhead, Nazi censor. Realistically, this would be true
if he trod over to my few strands of webspace and tried to rule over
it, but my willfully traversing into his domain and whining about
how he acts within it is nothing more than egoism.
Those who choose to participate with John Perry in the construction
and maintenance of the web of trust/competency that he is involved
in have certain expectations of free communications versus limitations
of speech and action. Those who choose to participate in the construction/destruction of the CypherPunks lists can expect to be
barraged by all manner of sanity/insanity, and to have to judge the value of the list for themselves in deciding whether to stay or to leave. (Relying on the CypherPunks Complaint Department to 'solve'
this or that 'problem' is not a viable option.)
"Doctor, I get 'spammed' when I go there..."

@_date: 1998-03-24 15:21:57
@_author: TruthMongrel 
@_subject: Your courageous stance... 
I would like to congratulate and thank you for the courageous stance
that you
have taken by doing your part to help stop the spread of anarchistic and
illegal content on the InterNet by denying access to those who use the
and rights granted them by the Constitution to abuse those privileges.
  Your stance is particularly admired by those of us who share your
interest in
preventing the spread of free access to all types of information, in
light of the
fact that you have not shied away from persecuting those connected with
Circle of Eunuchs, thus possibly putting yourself, your family and your
in physical danger, as well as virtual danger.
  Given the current dissension within the ranks of the Cirle of Eunuchs
and the
Army of Dog, concerning whether their assault on censorship and censors
be consumated in CyberSpace or MeatSpace, there are few who are willing
to put
themselves in the line of fire to support the same ideals that other
Americans, such as Senator Joe McCarthy and J. Edgar Hoover, have
  Regardless of the possible physical danger you will be subjected to if
proponents of MeatSpace retruibution to censorship supporters win out in
current battle for control of the resources of the Army of Dog, your
to submit to government oppressors and legal threats is likely the right
since the government currently has more and better armed thugs than
who oppose them.
TruthMonger III
"Ain't no safety this side of the grave...never has been...never will

@_date: 1998-03-24 16:22:06
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Kill 'em all...*I'll* sort 'em out... 
I would like to congratulate and thank you for the courageous stance
that you have taken by doing your part to help stop the spread of anarchistic and possibly illegal content on the InterNet by denying access to those who use the freedom and rights granted them by the Constitution to abuse those privileges.
  Your stance is particularly admired by those of us who share your
interest in preventing the spread of free access to all types of information, in light of the fact that you have not shied away from persecuting those connected with the Circle of Eunuchs, thus possibly putting yourself, your family and your business in physical danger, as well as virtual danger.
  Given the current dissension within the ranks of the Cirle of Eunuchs
and the Army of Dog, concerning whether their assault on censorship and censors should be consumated in CyberSpace or MeatSpace, there are few who are willing to put themselves in the line of fire to support the same ideals that other great Americans, such as Senator Joe McCarthy and J. Edgar Hoover, have championed.
  Regardless of the possible physical danger you will be subjected to if
the proponents of MeatSpace retruibution to censorship supporters win out in the current battle for control of the resources of the Army of Dog, your choice to submit to government oppressors and legal threats is likely the right one, since the government currently has more and better armed thugs than those who oppose them.
TruthMonger III
"Ain't no safety this side of the grave...never has been...never will
---- End of Alleged Forwarded Message -----
  Despite the fact that the missive you are currently reading is an
obvious forgery, I, Timothy C. May , would like to exhort
all of my fellow victims of forgeries by the DogMeister at Sympatico to
form their own Cult of One chapter of the Army of Dog.
  Unless each and every individual who is concerned with gaining the
liberty to exercise the basic rights and freedoms which come from
being a unique participant in the universe which has formed them
(and which they have had a hand in forming) steps forward to demand
the right to exercise and manifest their values and beliefs in
MeatSpace, as well as CyberSpace...uuhhh...has anybody seen my
"We have met the future of rEvolution, and it is us."
~ Ogop
  Due to the heavy investment I have made in MeatSpace weaponry, I will
be supporting the factions of the Army of Dog which are promoting a
physical war against the enemies of freedom, but I recognize that those
whose investment is in newer warfare technologies have an equal right
to fight the battle within the slightly more infinite boundaries of
Digital Reality.
"The screens of freedom must occassionally be refreshed with a GUI-
 supported blood-color of digital martyrs."
~ AGuyTooLazyToLookUpTheOriginalQuote
  Despite the concerns of some members of the Cypherpunks Distributed
Mailing List about the forged attributions of the DogMeister concerning
the beliefs and stances of various individual list members, we all know,
deep down inside, that Janet Reno's secret lover, Officer Furhman, is
right when he whispers in her ear during their fuckmaking (in a manner
that is a felony in the majority of states, which is why they only do
it in Federal offices), "The CypherPunks may not be guilty of the
crimes that TruthMongrel attributes to them, but they are all guilty
of *something*..."
Timothy C. May "There is something 'Wong' when I have to send 'chop, chop' messages
 to an increasing number of posters to the Cypherpunks list."

@_date: 1998-03-24 17:21:28
@_author: TruthMongrer 
@_subject: CIA Trained Gorilla Femnists 
Male Gorilla, Released to Mate
               with Females, Drops Dead
               AP
               24-MAR-98
TOKYO (AP) The excitement, or perhaps the pressure, apparently was too
much for Sultan. The 28-year-old male gorilla, specially moved to a cage to mate with three females, instead dropped dead. The 400-pound lowland gorilla ran around briefly and played with his new friends Monday, then suddenly collapsed, apparently after suffering a heart attack, said Kunihiko Yasui, head of animal breeding at Kyoto Municipal Zoo.
Reports from non-mainstream news sources indicate that one of the
female gorillas was carrying an umbrella which was nowhere to be
found when invesigators searched the cage after the mysterious
death of the male gorilla.
Gertrude Stein, denying that an elite corps of techno-femnists
is involved with providing CIA BlackOps training for female
subjects of a digital-implant experiment being conducted by
the NSA, merely said, "What is good for the goose is not always
necessarily good for the gorilla."
Anonymous sources from the CypherPunks Distributed Mailing List
indicated that the assassination was coordinated by Blanc Weber,
a list member who disguises her hidden agenda of MeatSpace violence by constantly admonishing list members for expressing
the results of the excessive male hormones surging through their
potential-rapist bodies.
The sources cited Weber's previous support of Zsa-Zsa Grubor as
proof of her involvement with radical femnist movements whose
goals are secretly financed by Wonder Bra, Wonder Woman, and
Wonder Bread.
Mainstream media sources continue to claim that this post is nothing more than the psychotic babblings of a FrostBack To
Be Named Later. However, this view is obvious in error, or an
intelligent person such as yourself would not stil be reading
this post, eh?
"And, after my operation, I will learn to spell 'feminist' correctly."

@_date: 1998-03-31 20:05:06
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: CNN - DeathMonger 
SITE SOURCES
    Contents
    Help!
    Search
    CNN Networks
Two Saskatchewan Freemen Assassinated
One of the Freemen holds a drink during the
81-second standoff on April 1, 1998
Assassination stemmed from Microsoft standoff?
Bienfait, SASK (AP)  TruthMonger I and TruthMonger II were
assassinated in an 81-second standoff with an unidentified
team of freelance assassins who accomplished their goal
without firing a single shot.
A few short minutes after the CoalDust Saloon opened for
business, a limousine bearing Redmond, Washington, license
plates pulled up outside the bar, and a half-dozen black-clad,
heavily armed figures raced into the building, behind the
cover of smoke and tear-gas grenades. They were met by a heavy
fusillade of gunfire from a variety of surprised morning drunks
who were onery as snot, not yet having finished their first beer of
the morning.
The assassins rushed into the bar and established strategic
positions, only to find that the two TruthMonger entities who
were the target of the raid already lay dead on the floor.
They quickly rushed out of the CoalDust Saloon and piled into
the limousine, which headed for the American border.
The day-shift barmaid who investigated the scene--in the absence
of local RCMP, who were busy on the reservation legally murdering
WagonBurnersnoted that TruthMonger I and TruthMonger II had both
been shot in the head from behind.
Blanc Weber, a member of the Circle of Eunuchs who claimed to
have been just passing through Bienfait, at the time, and who
was reported to be standing behind the TwoMongers when the
shooting began, theorized that the fatal shots came from the
grassy knoll behind the bar.
When confronted by an angry crowd of drunken losers who pointed
out that Webers anger over the TruthMonger Cult of One Clan
including references to her in their Death Threat!!!(s) against
an unnamed billionaire from Redmond, Washington, she bought a
round of drinks for the house, and the matter was quickly dropped.
Jeff Sandquist, a Microsoft employee who had earned his bones by
cleaning up the mess that Circle of Eunuchs founder, C.J. Parker
had made of the computer systems at the offices of a local mobile
home manufacturer, verified Blanc Webers claims about the shots
coming from the grassy knoll, noting that three bums (Mark Hedges,
Robert Canizales, and a shadowy figure known only as Sameer) had
been picked up shortly after the incident by Estevan City Police,
and taken for a free breakfast at the Husky Truckstop.
Sandquist and Weber were picked up and spirited away by a strange
figure who refused to reveal his identity, but noted that it was
imperative for the group to leave quickly, because at night, the
ice weasels come.
Local members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Gestapo later indicated
that their investigation into the matter revealed that local law
enforcement personnel in Redmond, Washington, could not find any
suspects in their files matching the description of a billionaire
in a limousine. A follow up inquiry by CNN reporters proved to be
unsuccessful, as all of the officers involved on both sides of the
border had retired by the end of the day.
At a wake held for the TwoMongers after a truckload of Olympia beer
unexpectedly arrived at the bar, the massive crowd that suddenly
appeared out of nowhere reminisced about their fallen drinking
It was probably an act of mercy, since they had been suffering
greatly since installing Win95 on their systems.
Ever since TM-Is cousin died of a mysterious heart-attack after
being put in a cage with the female guerillas, we knew it was
only a matter of time before Blanc Weber saw the light and
decided to become a Claire Wolfe in Sheeple's clothing.
I *love* this bar
~A visitor from Boston
                 1998 Cable News Network, Inc.
                A Time Warner Company
                All Rights Reserved.
