
@_date: 2001-06-06 10:02:48
@_author: Timothy McVeigh 
@_subject: got front plates? (Big Bro needs them..) 
In the UK, do they enforced front-plate requirements a lot?
How do they track them Irish otherwise?
Police Catch Drivers Without Front Plate
  Traffic police caught 202 drivers without front license plates on
 their cars Tuesday at a San Fernando Valley intersection, authorities
The Los Angeles Police Department conducted the three-hour check
because too many people without front license plates were getting away
with running red lights, said Sgt. Dale Turner of the LAPD's Valley
Traffic Division.
                                                        Cameras mounted
at intersections to catch red-light violators are
                                                   designed to take
photographs of a car's front license plate and the
                                                   driver's face, but up
to 25% of violators caught on film are whizzing
                                                   away unticketed
because the front plate is missing, Turner said.
                                                        "The fine is
under $20," Turner said. "A lot of people I'm sure feel
                                                   that they'd rather
pay the fine than put a license plate on and get a $271
                                                   [red-light violation]

@_date: 2001-06-06 19:28:25
@_author: Tim McVeigh 
@_subject: Incompetent posts by fool at prison.net 
Please tell me, in my time remaining, how to copy text from latimes.com
(without sending
html) and I will learn.  Meanwhile, be glad I'm not choating the list
with meaningless urls
and emptier comments.
Peas & Doves,

@_date: 2001-06-06 19:50:21
@_author: Tim McVeigh 
@_subject: Cypherpunk List? 
LNE is a fucking godsend.
My penis has grown, I've made hundreds of thousands, and I've lost
weight easily since resubscribing..

@_date: 2001-06-07 05:21:09
@_author: Tim McVeigh 
@_subject: THE NICE THING ABOUT THE NEWS FROM NEPAL... 
Supposedly the little prince had been drinking.
Does Jenna have access to firearms?

@_date: 2001-06-07 20:51:54
@_author: Tim McVeigh 
@_subject: And what do we call a "wordsmith"  
Lawyer.  There's been a recent influx of such, or so they claim.

@_date: 2001-06-08 06:53:13
@_author: Tim McVeigh 
@_subject: Japs get Kobe'd by steakknife 
Man Kills Eight Students in Japan
  OSAKA, Japan (AP) - A man brandishing a knife burst into an
  elementary school on Friday and slashed nearly two dozen people,
  killing at least eight children, in Japan's worst mass-killing since a
  nerve gas attack on Tokyo's subways six years ago.
Police said the attacker, identified as Mamoru Takuma, carried a 6-inch
  kitchen knife.
Well we certainly hope Sec'ty Annan starts proposing internation bans on
the manufacture of kitchen knives and their precursor materials.
"It can't happen here" ---Suzy Creamcheese

@_date: 2001-06-08 07:08:39
@_author: Tim McVeigh 
@_subject: hack insurance on NT vs. Unix 
Just last month, Wurzler Underwriting Managers upped the price
  for insuring companies that use Microsoft's Windows NT server
software, on the basis that the
  software has had a series of security problems. Wurzler, one of the
earliest agencies to offer hacker
  insurance, began charging its clients 5 percent to 15 percent more if
they use Microsoft's Windows NT
  instead of Unix or Linux for their Internet operations.

@_date: 2001-06-08 14:33:57
@_author: Timothy McVeigh 
@_subject: DoD decides wiping is enough for unclassified old disks 
WASHINGTON (AP) --
                                          The Pentagon believes it
                                          has found a way to give
                                          its old computers away
                                          to American schools and
                                          still protect information
                                          locked in the machines'
                                          hard drives.
                                          Officials announced
                   Thursday that Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul
                   Wolfowitz was reversing an unpopular five-month-old
                   order to destroy the hard drives on unclassified
                   computers, which rendered the computers practically
                   unusable.
                   Henceforth, hard drives should be destroyed on
                   classified machines but only overwritten on
                   unclassified ones, Wolfowitz said. The overwriting
                   entails printing series of ones and zeros over the
                   material.
                   "Wolfowitz's new ... guidance will make more
                   computers available for schools and other worthy
                   organizations," a Pentagon statement said.
                   It said more than 74,000 pieces of computer
                   equipment, valued at $60 million or so, had been
                   donated to school organizations in 2000 before the
                   order came in January to destroy hard drives.
                   Wolfowitz's predecessor Rudy de Leon had order the
                   destruction but said the idea should be reviewed,
                   Susan Hansen, a Pentagon spokeswoman.
                   "We've looked at the pluses and minuses," she said
                   Thursday, and determined that overwriting would
                   protect information on the computers while allowing
                   the machines to be donated.
                   Some lawmakers had criticized the January order as
                   overkill.
                   Others supported it after an audit found sensitive
                   information such as lists of names and addresses had
                   been left on hard drives of donated computers. Though
                   unclassified, they said such cases still present
                   Wolfowitz's decision returns the practice to what it
                   had been since 1992, requiring destruction only of
                   computers that had dealt with classified information.

@_date: 2001-06-09 09:16:37
@_author: Timothy McVeigh 
@_subject: CAL ISO *internal ops* machines cracked 
For at least 17 days at the height of the energy crisis, hackers
mounted an attack on a computer system that is integral to the movement
of electricity throughout California, a confidential report obtained by
The Times shows.
     The hackers' success, though apparently limited, brought to
lapses in computer security at the target of the cyber-attack, the
California Independent System Operator, which oversees most of the
state's massive electricity transmission grid.
     Officials at Cal-ISO say that the lapses have been corrected
and that
there was no threat to the grid. But others familiar with the attack say
hackers came close to gaining access to key parts of the system, and
could have seriously disrupted the movement of electricity across the
     Democratic and Republican lawmakers were angered by the
breach at an entity that is such a basic part of California's power
system, given its fragility during the state's continuing energy crisis.
One called the attack "ominous."
     An internal agency report, stamped "restricted," shows that the
began as early as April 25 and was not detected until May 11. The report
says the main attack was routed through China Telecom from someone in
Guangdong province in China.
     In addition to using China Telecom, hackers entered the system
using Internet servers based in Santa Clara in Northern California and
Tulsa, Okla., the report says. James Sample, the computer security
specialist at Cal-ISO who wrote the report, said he could not tell for
certain where the attackers were located.
     "You don't know where people are really from," Sample said.
"The only
reason China stuck out is because of the recent political agenda China
had with the U.S. . . . An ambitious U.S. hacker could have posed as a
Chinese hacker."
     The breach occurred amid heightened Sino-American tensions
after the
collision between a Chinese military jet and a U.S. spy plane. In early
May, there were hundreds of publicly reported computer attacks
originating from China. Most of those incidents involved mischief;
anti-American slogans were scrawled on government Web sites.
     The attack on the Cal-ISO computer system apparently had the
for more serious consequences, given that the hackers managed to worm
their way into the computers at the agency's headquarters in Folsom,
of Sacramento, that were linked to a system that controls the flow of
electricity across California. The state system is tied into the
transmission grid for the Western United States.
     "This was very close to being a catastrophic breach," said a
familiar with the attack and Cal-ISO's internal investigation of the
     On May 7 and 8, as the infiltration was occurring, California
widespread rolling blackouts, but Cal-ISO officials said Friday that
there was no connection between the hacking and the outages, which
affected more than 400,000 utility customers.
     "It did not affect markets or reliability," said Stephanie
McCorkle, a
spokeswoman for Cal-ISO.
     Officials of the agency made no public acknowledgment of the
until Friday when contacted by The Times. The agency did, however, call
the FBI, which is investigating.
     McCorkle said Cal-ISO did not make a public disclosure about
hacking "because it didn't impact the reliability of any of our internal
     "It didn't have a negative consequence and would not have
impacted the
public or market participants," McCorkle said.
     After the attack was discovered, the report says, investigators
evidence that the hackers apparently were trying to "compile" or write
software that might have allowed them to get past so-called firewalls
protecting far more sensitive parts of the computer system.
     The attackers focused on parts of the grid agency's computer
that are under development. In what may have been the most significant
lapse, the system being developed was not behind a firewall, a security
element designed to keep out those who are not entitled to access.
     Additionally, so-called tripwires that might have alerted
security personnel to the unauthorized entry were nonexistent. Nor were
there logs within the system that might have identified users entering
the system as the infiltration was occurring, the report notes.
     What's more, dozens of ports into the computer system were
open, when
only a handful should have been available.
     "All servers should be hardened regardless of their role or
in the network," the report says. "Only ports that are required to be
open should be opened; all others should be disabled."
     Complicating the investigation, workers at Cal-ISO rebooted
computers when the machines balked, apparently in response to the
     "This action limited our ability to discover all files and
that may be related to this compromise," the report says.
     Sample, the security engineer who wrote the report, downplayed
potential threat and said the attack was "something that we've been
     "It was a compromise, not really an attack," he said.
     State legislators were not comforted by such distinctions.
     "That's really amazing on two counts: that there were computers
behind a firewall and it took 17 days to discover," said state Sen.
Bowen (D-Marina del Rey), who chairs her chamber's Energy Committee.
     Bowen, who was informed of the breach by The Times, called it a
"serious matter" and said she was "very concerned to learn about this
from the L.A. Times, rather than from the ISO itself." The lack of
official notification, she said, adds to her skepticism about whether
agency has been forthcoming.
     "It is embarrassing, so I can understand they would not want to
about it," Bowen said. "We're going to ask some questions."
     The Independent System Operator, established in 1998 when the
opened the newly deregulated electricity market to competition, is an
essential component of the state's electricity system.
     The purpose of the nonprofit entity is to balance the flow of
electricity across the state and make last-minute power purchases to
match demand and avoid blackouts. The Legislature reconfigured the
earlier this year, giving Gov. Gray Davis the power to appoint the
five-member board that oversees it.
     "It is troubling that it happened," said Sen. Tom McClintock
(R-Thousand Oaks). "It is disturbing that it took so long to be
corrected. And it is galling that it was not reported to the
     McClintock labeled as "ominous" the possibility that the attack
from China. He said he is preparing a request for all documents related
to the breach and is considering requesting a formal legislative
     ISO board member Mike Florio, who represents consumers, said he
had a
vague recollection that the board was informed of the attack. But he
was surprised to learn some of the details.
     "We hire people to deal with this stuff," he said, "and they
said they
dealt with it."

@_date: 2001-06-09 19:50:54
@_author: Timothy McVeigh 
@_subject: creationists vs. reality 
Why, when it only takes 4 muscles to pull a trigger, and
42 to frown?

@_date: 2001-06-26 07:04:42
@_author: tmcv@prison.net 
@_subject: Circumstances Raising Suspicion Concerning Smart Cards  
Circumstances Raising Suspicion Concerning Smart Cards
Same as credit cards
Numerous cards (different names or same issuing vendor)
Signs of tampering (cards can be found in the presence of computer or
other electronic devices)
Questions to Ask When Encountering Smart Cards
Who is card issued to (the valid cardholder)?
Who issued the card?
What are the uses of the cards?
Why does the person have numerous cards?
Can this computer or device alter the card?
