
@_date: 2000-11-28 23:10:37
@_author: Tom Vogt 
@_subject: CDR: huffman decoding 
this is probably too "low-level" for "applied cryptography", but it's still
a real-world problem for me:
- I have a datastream (just a couple bytes) that I know is huffman
encoded. however, I don't have the tables or know anything else.
- I do not only know parts of the plaintext, but can generate it at will.
however, I do not know for sure where in the ciphertext it will end up and
I know for sure there is other information in the datastream.
given this, it shouldn't be too difficult to derive the tables, right?
especially not if I can generate ciphertext at will with known plaintext
so, aside from staring at long rows of binary and waiting to spot the
pattern, is there a well-known approach to this?
(I want to remotely query a closed-source server software that uses this
system to report to an also closed-source client software. I know which
information it transports (at least parts) and I have control of the server
so I can have it include arbitrary strings (there's a "comment" field that
is freely available to me and gets transmitted).)

@_date: 2001-02-06 11:24:10
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: published secret - similiar to AP prot 
I'd like to bounce an idea off the list and get some feedback,
especially on what I missed.
say alice has some information, published e.g. on her website. she is
afraid that said information may be a thought crime, aka decss or an
sdmi hack.
bob makes a copy of the information and wants to inform alice that he
did so in case a court or some jackboots tell her to take it down, so
she can link to him or do twist her dns records, whatever.
so far, simple. the new twist is that I want bob to know when alice (or
someone else) makes use of the information. at the lowest level, bob
may want to simply know when his mirror is being used. or the
information may be highly illegal and bob must know that he is now in
the line of fire. or maybe he doesn't even actually provide the
information until he gets the message that it is now required (think
moving target).
my solution is as follows:
when bob copies the info, he sends a message to alice. the "outer
shell" is encrypted to alice private key, to ensure that only alice can
make use of it. it contains a URL, a public key and a second, encrypted part. the URL is under bob's control and provides the key to the second part. it is
not linked from anywhere and reasonably complicated to make any
"accidental" hit to it extremely unlikely.
come day X where bob's mirror is needed. alice decrypts her mail and
visits bob's URL to get the 2nd key. bob now knows (or at least can
know, if he cares) that alice is in posession of the whole message
(e.g. containing the URL of his mirror site) and can react accordingly.
the 2nd key is also encrypted to alice, so eve can not learn about the
whole message until and if alice decides to publish it (e.g. link to
the new mirror site).
the 2nd key is also signed with the key contained in the 1st message in
order to assure alice that the information she now retrieves (possibly
months or years later) is from the same source as the original message.
problems I know about:
legally, this surely puts bob and alice "in cooperation", so a legal
injunction against alice will bind bob as well. any ideas on how to
solve that would be great.
it sure sounds a little heavy for a simple goal. I'm fairly sure there is a more general solution to the problem. it's just so common. "bob sends alice a message. bob needs to know when alice reads it."

@_date: 2001-01-12 00:26:25
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
current weapon (after the G3) is the G36, obviously an advanced G3
version. I didn't have much time to chat about the subject today, so if
anyone wants to know ammo types, more details, whatever - ask and I'll
find out.

@_date: 2001-01-12 10:46:08
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
current weapon (after the G3) is the G36, obviously an advanced G3
version. I didn't have much time to chat about the subject today, so if
anyone wants to know ammo types, more details, whatever - ask and I'll
find out.

@_date: 2001-03-29 11:51:52
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: ap in action (/. story) 
seems someone put AP into action - and it worked quite well, exactly as
jim predicted, and even without crypto (though without rewards either).
in short: an anti-abortionist website published names and addresses of
doctors who made abortions, then cheered whenever one of them was
 "[...] if their [works] merely encouraged
unrelated terrorists, then their words are protected by the First
I wonder if he'd had the same if the website had listed targets from
the political arena. or judges.

@_date: 2001-03-29 11:55:57
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: [haceaton@hotmail.com: Re: [dvd-discuss] DeCSS public key, been there, done that] 
after an initial (only half-serious) idea posted by me to the
dvd-discuss mailing list, someone actually created a program to create
secret keys that result in your public key being a compressed version
of decss.
----- Forwarded message from Harold Eaton  -----

@_date: 2002-06-03 16:12:41
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: European Data Retention and Encryption for Dummies 
Hi everyone, I've been on this list before, but didn't have time for it
for a while. Now I'm back because I need some input:
You probably heard that the EU is currently passing data retention
laws. One part of them would require that ISPs keep logs of customer
traffic. It isn't entirely clear what exactly they need to store, but
the discussion goes into URL storage (i.e. what file on which virtual
host) and even full data storage (i.e. copies of the IP packets).
Obviously, at least the later is bullshit. However, it is absolutely
possible that it's just a smokescreen and the usual "compromise" will
be that the ISPs don't have to store the data except on request...
Enter a simple idea to solve the obvious privacy problem, at least in
parts. We do have the infrastructure in place to achieve end-to-end
encryption for the by far most-often-used web services, all we need is
to use it. I am, of course, talking about HTTPS and SMTPS.
Setting up apache so that it does HTTPS instead of HTTP, and all
requests to HTTP pages are redirected to a page pointing to the HTTPS
equivalent and explaining why is trivial.
Getting the various MTAs to use SMTPS isn't too difficult, either.
The problem with both is the need of SSL certificates. So I was
thinking of setting up a "Joe Doe's CA". A simple webpage where you can
request a certificate. It would do two check:
a) check if IP you are using is identical to the IP you are requesting
for, i.e. you'll have to ssh into your webserver and use lynx from
b) the certificate will be mailed to the admin-c of the domain you
requested it for (whois lookup).
This is not 100% secure, but then again how much checking does Verisign
really do on certificates? I believe this is "good enough" in that it
establishes a reasonable safety that you are talking to the right site,
at least much better than regular HTTP can offer.
The purpose of this is to get as many sites to switch to using HTTPS
and SMTPS as possible. Therefore, the required work must be kept
minimal. Once considerable parts of the internet traffic are encrypted,
they can pass as many data retention laws as they please.
Any comments? What did I miss? Where does this idea come apart? Does it
make sense at all?

@_date: 2002-06-04 19:06:19
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: FBI Net Tips 
home.leo.gov has disappeared, and ns1.leo.gov doesn't know about it, or
 or anything similiar, anymore.

@_date: 2002-06-12 07:58:49
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: What's with all the spam?... 
speaking of unfiltered - I subscribed to ssz exactly because I don't
want to have anyone moderating for me. however, the spam volume is
is there a fee available that is filtered, but only for spam?

@_date: 2002-06-13 16:06:57
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
actually, as with most laws, the basic idea behind the "moral rights"
isn't that bad, it just got perverted.
if used differently, the "morale rights" part could well be used to put
a limit on the corporate abuse of copyright. for example, I could
envision an argument that an artist sues the RIAA for abusing his
copyrighted works for bogus lawsuits against P2P systems.

@_date: 2002-06-13 18:16:31
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
I guess you misinterpret the "morale rights" doctrine. not that I'm a
lawyer, but to my reading of the german copyright law, the morale
rights are thus:
- publication
  the creator can control if and how his work gets published. only he may
  cite from or describe his work in public as long as neither the work
  nor a description of it are published with his permission.
  (e.g. even the publisher can't leak stuff without the author's consent)
- credit
  the creator must be given proper credit, and he can choose if and
  what kind of credit (e.g. if he wants to use his real name or a
  pseudonym)
- defense against disfiguration (?)
  creator can fight against attacks on the integrity of his work,
  within limits.
  this is the complicated part. as I parse it, the intention was that
  if you, say, write a poem against communism and by some freak
  accident the communist party adopts it as their hymn, you can stop
  them from doing so (unless you enjoy the irony of it).
to me, the german copyright appears to take much more consideration of
the author, while the US copyright system is entirely economical in
nature. no surprise that the idea of "intellectual property" comes from
your side of the atlantic, it doesn't fit very well with most european
copyright doctrines.
that said, your original terms of copyright were more sensible - europe
has always had durations such as 70 years or "death + 50 years" and
other bullshit.
too bad the "new world order copyright" takes the bad from each,
instead of the good.

@_date: 2002-06-13 23:11:25
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
IANAL, but this is not the same as the "regular" publication clause,
because that one is still a seperate (the german copyright law has
three parts - moral rights, economic rights and other rights.
yes, that is what I meant. except that the law as I read it does not
require a change. I don't think parody would violate it.
whoops. I mixed those up before.

@_date: 2003-10-02 10:02:59
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: [Remops] free hosting for cpunkly projects... 
1and1 seems to be a child of Schlund and Partner, who already have the
largest german hosting service 1und1 (yes, that is german for 1and1).
They're large and they have been around for quite a while.
