
@_date: 1995-09-07 11:48:09
@_author: Scott Fabbri 
@_subject: Force Ratios 
Well. I think if killing the Weaver clan was the primary objective, they
could have been much more direct. One plane, one bomb/missile, one pilot,
with a 1:7 force ratio (1:2 if you don't count probable noncombatants). Or
a SEAL team with tools to make it look like an "accident" (carbon
monoxide, maybe? A propane explosion?). However, we generally frown on
that kind of thing in our polite society. :-)
If the Feds had really wanted to kill the Weavers, it'd probably be called
"Ruby Crater" now. Murphy's Law applies everywhere. Most likely they really wanted to take
Weaver and clan alive (and thought they could!), and the worst possible
things happened. (Surprisingly enough, government TLAs know all about the
concept of "bad press," and killing bystanders isn't SOP.)
But they don't have to face you directly, just convince someone who
allegedly represents you that a "law" is necessary to "save you from
yourself" and to "keep our great country free and safe." Then you either
play ball, or you wind up with a bunch of balaclava-clad guys in your
bedroom one night, taking your computer and dragging you off. Maybe they don't get anything to convict you, but you still have to mount a costly What a great system, eh? Just like the Founding Fathers imagined.

@_date: 1996-02-08 12:19:50
@_author: Scott Fabbri 
@_subject: Need a "warning" graphic of some kind for CDA 
Hmm, I kind of went the other way. I have a gif of a baby carriage in the
standard red circle and slash. Anyone who wants it, feel free to use it.
Resize it, reshape it, share it with your friends. (I feel much better
about buying all that clip art now.)
It's at:
     Other suggestions? Feel free to e-mail me. I'll dig up what I can. (Next
up: the "PGP-friendly" logo. . .)
Scott Fabbri                                     tomservo at access.digex.net
Later. Later. I'm watching hockey.               Finger for PGP key.

@_date: 1996-02-12 13:15:37
@_author: Scott Fabbri 
@_subject: Regulation of citizen-alien communications 
Note: my references to the Constitution are from
lmccarth at cs.umass.edu replies:
"A. Padgett Peterson P.E. Information Security" replies:
(From the Preamble) So, if it isn't related to the "common defense," this
doesn't apply.
(Article I, Section 8) My dictionary claims "commerce" is  "the buying or
selling of goods, esp. when done on a large scale between cities, states,
or nations" (primary definition, anyway). If you can convince someone that
"social intercourse" (secondary definition) is what the Founding Fathers
really meant, your argument carries more weight.
(Article III, Section 3, clause 1)
Doesn't say anything about them being foreign or domestic. Theoretically
everyone who participated in the Confederate cause during the War Between
The States :^) committed treason -- but that's another argument.
Hmm. I did, but wasn't edified. It seems to me that Tim May's commentary is
dead on. Maybe a more appropriate statement would be:
     "The government has the power (_not_ the right) to regulate
     communications between citizens and non-citizens / sites in other
     lands under narrowly defined circumstances."
If you're not engaging in espionage, trading with countries like Libya or
Iraq, or committing treason, it doesn't sound like there's any reason for
the government to regulate your communications with non-citizens (at least
from a Constitutional point of view). That may not stop them from trying to
vacuum them up off the Internet, though. :-)

@_date: 1996-03-01 14:18:53
@_author: Scott Fabbri 
@_subject: PGP to PC mail integration 
An entity known as "E. ALLEN SMITH" exmh on Unix systems goes the other way. It adds a header line that
includes the sender and recipient, plus the action to be performed
("encrypt," "sign" or "encryptsign"). No header, no encryption/signature.
I'm reasonably sure it strips off that line before it passes the message
off to sendmail -- but I usually don't send messages to myself that way. :-
For incoming mail, it looks for standard PGP structure and figures out what
it needs from the user. If, for instance, you don't have a public key on
your keyring, it allows you to send a mail message to a server to grab it -
- - otherwise it performs the operation and shows you the results.
If what you're doing requires a password (signing or decrypting), it pops
up a window to ask you for it. When it's done, it prompts you to press
Return and disappears.
It was written in tcl/Tk, but some of it may be applicable for what you
want to do. (Sorry, I'm not an expert on either.)

@_date: 1996-06-13 14:59:42
@_author: Scott Fabbri 
@_subject: Born Classified 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 1957 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1996-03-11 06:48:49
@_author: Scott Fabbri 
@_subject: rhetorical trickery 
A standard attitude among LEOs is: "if you're not guilty of something, what
are you hiding?" Skilled ones use this lever to get suspects to allow
searches of their property on the flimsiest of pretenses.
"Innocent until proven guilty" is at best an abstraction to most police.
Given the amount of time they have per case, on average, they're more
interested in slorking up whatever evidence they can against a suspect and
making a bust. Didn't Ed Meese say something along the lines of, "if they
weren't criminals, they wouldn't be involved with the police"?
ObCrypto: Having a fair amount of encrypted stuff around makes any given
piece stand out less. A couple dozen PGP-encrypted files with names like
"1994 1040 Schedule A" and "Business Contact List, 1Q 1995" is a hell of a
lot less suspicious than a single encrypted file called "detonate.pgp." :^)
Furthermore, if they don't believe me and I choose not to give them the
plaintext, isn't that my Fifth Amendment right? Or has that been waived in
cyberspace for our convenience?
