
@_date: 2011-08-19 21:15:53
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] A globally distributed peer-to-peer data archive 
Yeah, I'm familiar with the history of MojoNation and have talked to Zooko
in person about it.
I think MojoNation's model is somewhat overcomplicated and introducing a
virtual currency into the system is probably not the best way to enforce
you-get-what-you-give. I don't think things need to be measured as precisely
as a "Mojo" unit of network participation. Apologies if my comparisons to
Bitcoin made you feel I was implying a virtual currency as a solution.
I'm thinking something more along the lines of a web-of-trust. The block
chain concept from BitCoin is interesting. Perhaps trust can be established
through client-specific signature chain files (as opposed to a global
distributed block chain), with the peer's pubkey as the header, and each
time that peer successfully sends another peer a file, the recipient adds
some metadata about the transfer (e.g. timestamp, transfer rate) to the end
of the file then signs the entire file with their private key.
A single peer's signature chain alone wouldn't tell you much, but if you
apply a collaborative filtering algorithm (e.g. Slope One, Singular Value
Decomposition) to large numbers of these signature chain files, I think it
would be possible to data mine them in order to discover the best peers to
collaborate with.
Perhaps "you get what you give" is the wrong description for what I'm
thinking of. How about "pay it forward?" When one peer asks for some data
from another, or asks to store part of a file, the sender can examine the
recipient's signature chain, possibly comparing it to others, and based on
that decide if it's willing to donate bandwidth or storage in order to help
it out.

@_date: 2011-08-26 23:09:01
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] A globally distributed peer-to-peer data archive 
The RIAA/MPAA could join our cluster, however the design properties of Tahoe
would prevent them from accessing our data.
Again, the design properties of Tahoe blur the concept of whose data is
actually on the cluster. From the outside looking in, the contents of data
you provide to the cluster is cryptographically opaque. Unless they can
prove you have the cryptographic keys to access a particular piece of
content, you can make the argument that you literally had no way of knowing
that the encrypted data you are storing was in fact pirated content.
In the type of system I'm envisioning, it would by design allow you to
easily discover which node IDs had chunks of a given file. However, that
file is encrypted. Provided you can obtain the encryption keys, you may be
able to prove that a particular file is, in fact, infringing on a copyright.
However in order to prove that participants in the network actually engaged
in an act of piracy as opposed to merely providing nodes which engage in the
free exchange of encrypted data, you would also have to prove that a
particular user also has the encryption keys needed to access a particular
piece of content. I think this would complicate prosecuting users for
copyright infringement, however IANAL.

@_date: 2011-08-29 13:04:24
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] A globally distributed peer-to-peer data archive 
I think Tahoe fits either use case of a shared file repository or a
distributed backup system. There are two levels of credentials you can
share: the introducer furls, which grant access to your grid, and the
rootcap for a particular directory on the grid, which grants access to a
specific set of files. By Tahoe's design you should be able to give the RIAA
the introducer furls to your grid. They can then create directories and
store data on your grid, and will accept encrypted chunks of files from
other peers. However, unless they actually have a rootcap for directories
containing infringing content, they have no way of knowing whether or not
the chunks they receive from other peers contain this data or not, since
it's encrypted.
I'm envisioning a system where there wouldn't be an encrypted introducer URL
to gain access to the grid, instead additional methods to provide a web of
trust and collaborative filtering of particular peers would be used to
prevent abuse. However, I think Tahoe's rootcap system is still essential.
Cryptographic credentials would be required to access any data on the grid.
For example, is it possible to determine who (username or IP) added the
To my knowledge Tahoe doesn't log which nodes are responsible for the
creation of content on the grid. Instead there are rootcaps which control
read and write access to directories on the grid, and anyone with the
"writecap" can add content to a particular directory. I may be mistaken as I
have just started using Tahoe. In the system I'm envisioning, the anonymity
of who created a particular file would definitely be preserved.
I'd certainly agree BitTorrent could be the underlying technology underlying
this system, layering the discovery and crypto on top of a BitTorrent-based
system underneath, although I'd prefer it has more filesystem-like semantics
like Tahoe. Perhaps BitTorrent with an "earliest-first" instead of
"rarest-first" chunk selection mechanism would work.

@_date: 2012-08-01 14:03:55
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] The Cryptosphere 
I'm not sure if you saw, but the Cryptosphere was linked on both Hacker
News and TechCrunch:
Most of the discussion centered around child pornography and people being
afraid of being party to it even if they have plausible deniability.

@_date: 2012-06-11 09:06:24
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: [tahoe-dev] Resurrecting Mojo Nation 
If you're interested in the ideas of MojoNation you might check out my
project the Cryptosphere:
I'm shooting for a barter economy instead of a digital currency.

@_date: 2013-04-23 14:17:28
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: [cryptopolitics] Stellar Wind 
Stellar Wind is the name of an NSA program to wiretap the Internet. The
Internet is being wiretapped at facilities around the country, including a
building I walk by every day: 611 Folsom Street where the infamous Room
641A is located: a room where they have installed beam splitters on fiber
optic cables servicing massive amounts of commodity Internet traffic.
which has been designed to store data on a "yottabyte" scale:
They plan to store the captured traffic for up to 100 years, perhaps in
hopes that a successful cryptanalysis of the ciphers used to encrypt the
data they've stored will allow them to decrypt it in the future.
I don't know about you, but this seems bad to me. President Obama has
issued an executive order that allows the NSA to spy not just on foreign
nationals, but US citizens as well. In effect: the NSA has their eye on the
entire world.

@_date: 2013-08-07 00:47:20
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: Former NSA Boss Calls Snowden's Supporters Internet Shut-ins; Equates 
Suddenly the al-qaeda.net domain is seeming more appropriate. Apparently
we're terrorists because we like Snowden!

@_date: 2013-08-07 00:47:20
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: Former NSA Boss Calls Snowden's Supporters Internet Shut-ins; Equates 
Suddenly the al-qaeda.net domain is seeming more appropriate. Apparently
we're terrorists because we like Snowden!

@_date: 2013-08-07 00:47:20
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: Former NSA Boss Calls Snowden's Supporters Internet Shut-ins; Equates 
Suddenly the al-qaeda.net domain is seeming more appropriate. Apparently
we're terrorists because we like Snowden!

@_date: 2013-01-10 19:14:34
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Distributed identity, chat, publishing, 
For what it's worth, this sounds an awfully lot like what I have envisioned
for the Cryptosphere:
Contacts would be identified by their (Ed25519) public key. When you add
Really close to what I had in mind, and I plan on using Ed25519. This is
actually an approach that forces you to do more than take a fleeing glance
at a given user's public key thumbprint/ID and I feel that's missing from
many similar systems (e.g. OTR)
My goal was to collect metadata about content transfers in the system by
having all participants in file transfers sign a client-specific long chain
which serves as a record of who has transferred what.
Through the course of normal system operation any given peer will collect a
number of these long chains, which can be run through a collaborative
filtering algorithm (e.g. singular value decomposition) in order to make an
educated guess about the properties of peers you've never interacted with
based on their collective similarity to peers you have interacted with
Here are some possible implementation strategies. The only one I've made
My plan was to use CurveCP with the Ed25519 private scalar as the CurveCP
private key. This allows you to set up secure channels which are based on
the same identities as the other signatures in the system.
CurveCP presently has some issues with embedding and congestion control but
I hope if people actually start using it these problems will get resolved.
I guess you could call this a p2p, pseudonymous version of Facebook,
A crypto capability-based access control scheme comes to mind here.

@_date: 2013-01-11 10:43:07
@_author: Tony Arcieri 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] Distributed identity, chat, publishing, 
It's all equally important, although I intend to identify nodes or peers
rather than people (who may operate many nodes).
Can you elaborate on this? By metadata I was thinking of things like
I was thinking of a log of how much data was transferred and the transfer
rate. The type of metadata you're describing is kept secret in my system.
The point of doing this is so both ends can authenticate the other party as
the same party who signed data they're interested in. CurveCP still uses DH
to generate an ephemeral session key.
I was to CodesInChaos earlier on about this approach on the CurveCP and he
said he looked into it before and thought it seemed sound.
I ran across CurveCP before and had forgotten about it. Embedding and
Yeah, uTP is definitely nice in that it has the congestion part licked
(perhaps too well). It would be neat to try to take the CurveCP encryption
protocol design and sort of layer it on top of uTP.
Yeah, this is definitely something else I am extremely interested in. I
have been looking at a friend's capabilities-based JavaScript wrapper
around  which seemed like it'd be an interesting way to
sandbox web applications being loaded from a system like the Cryptosphere.
They could talk back to a parent iframe via postMessages and request
various services from the system. See:
