
@_date: 2007-11-25 12:47:01
@_author: TOR Admin (gpfTOR1 
@_subject: Europaen Cybercrime Convention 
Hi onion guys,
we want to write about a few points of the European Cybercrime
Convention, which became real by law in Germany last time.
Sorry - we didnt read the or-talk very carefully last time. May be, it
was always discussed here.
By the European Cybercrime Convention anon servers are something like
telephone providers. The following is important because of this fact:
 1: data retention (was discussed here, in Germany real by '113 StPO)
 2: Realtime surveillance by European Cybercrime Convention (article 20)
    The traffic data (not the traffic itself) has to be provided for the
    governments and secret services in REALTIME by a defined interface.
    Anon servers have to provide all data, which have to be logged in
    realtime too! Admins of anon servers have to cooperate.
    (In Germany this is real by the new ' 100g StPO, the realtime
     surveillance can run for up to 3 days without asking a judge.)
 3: Online-searching of servers by European Cybercrime Convention:
    An online searching (Online-Durchsuchung) of an anon server may be
    run before investigation to save relevant data, which may be not
    accessible after investigation. This online searching depends not on
    the cooperation of the admins and may be reached by repressions.
    (In Germany this is real by the new ' 110 (3) StPO.)
Thanks to K. Raven for feature out this new laws.
For point 3 we recommend to be prepared. It may be possible to create a
high secured account with only read access to relevant data and no read
access to any important key. If someone login with this account, it may
be possible to run several actions.
If the situation appears, you may decide, what you want to do (give them
the account data or take the repressions). But you will not have the
time to create such an account carefully.
Can anyone write a shot tutorial for creation of a high secured

@_date: 2008-12-09 10:58:03
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: No data retention in germany for donated services 
Seth David Schoen schrieb:
The article by Patrick Breyer and the translation by Seth Schoen gives
the information about one main reason, why Tor nodes are not affected
by the EU data retention an the German data retention law '113a TKG.
Supported by qualified lawyers, we have identified one or two more
points, why tor nodes has to be data retention free, but these points
are technical and more difficult to communicate with the judiciary.
So we ask the tor community, to keep tor non-commercial at all. If a
commercial version of tor was online, it will be much more difficult
in the next time, to fight against data retention in EU.
Yes, it is possible, to make a data retention law for donated services
in EU too. But this will takes time. We can use this time, to make tor
more robust against this attack.
We will keep the German tor admins and the board of torproject.org
up-to-date about the lawyers expert opinion but with respect to the
recommendation of the lawyers, we will not publish it at the moment.
Karsten N.

@_date: 2008-10-18 10:49:08
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: German data rentention law 
I. part: A short overview about the data rentention law in Germany.
  1: ISPs have to log the start and end of a user dial-in with
     time stamp and IP address. They have not to log any content.
  2: Public provider of electronic mail have to log all connections of
     users with time stamp, IP address, login account and the email
     addresses of sender and recipient for every mail (send and
     receive).
  3: VoIP provider have to log all connections with timestamp,
     IP address and phone number of caller and recipient.
  4: Fon and mobile fon provider have to log all connections and
     tries with timestamp, phone number and location.
  5: Anon services have to log the rewrite of any information, which
     will be logged by a third party. (Thats all, not very clear.)
At the moment, it seems not clear, how tor is affected by this law.
I read some papers from the gouverment: "An anon service (like tor or
JAP) has to log, because the law will be useless otherwise."
Some papers of non-gouverment organizations like ULD: "Tor and JAP are
not affected by the telecommunication law, because it is not a
telecommunication service (in the case of law) and tor nodes have NOT
to log."
Together with the JonDos GmbH (JAP) the GPF try to get a legal
non-logging solution for tor, but the result is open and we are late.
(May be too late?)
II. part: suggestion of a technical solution
May be, tor can use geoip and divide the world in a logging area and a
non-logging area. If the target host is inside the logging area
(Germany), the exit node has to be outside. Otherwise a german node
can be an exit too.
In this case, we have two possibilities:
  1: the target host is outside the logging area -> no logging
  2: the target host is inside the logging area -> the exit is
     outside and writes no logs -> an german entry or middle man
     has to log nothing, because it routes to a not logging exit.
Because not all clients will update to a new version very quickly,
we need a feature for german exit nodes to reject all routes from old
clients, when the node is the exit of the route.
Or, if it was more simple for the developer, a feature for exit nodes
to define a country (based on geoip) to reject all exit routes. If all
german relays used this feature, it may work.
Otherwise, all german nodes have to switch to middle man.
It is only one suggestion, not the really best solution.
Karsten N.

@_date: 2010-12-07 17:12:57
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: Chrome and Safari IP leak 
a warning for using Google Chrome, Safari or other Webkit based browsers
with Tor. Because of a bug in the FTP proxy settings user can
deanonymized by FTP links.
The Anonymity test of JonDonym checks FTP connections too and you can
test it very simple. See:
  JonDos has published a warning for JonDonym users,
May be, Torproject.org can blog a warning for Tor users too.
Karsten N.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.

@_date: 2010-12-08 16:37:01
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: leaker-optimized versions of Tor 
Am 08.12.2010 14:17, schrieb Eugen Leitl:
The I2P project have an addon like this. See It uses the anonymity network only for transports and adds a higher
level protokoll for storage an delivery of mails.
The I2P-Bote mails are stored 20x and encrypted in a DHT. Bevor storing
the message, it can be send over 3,5... I2P nodes to hide the sender.
(Tahoe-LAFS stores 7x and can restore with 3 storage nodes.)
May be, it is more easy to use the Tor hidden services in a way like
TorChat and add a higer lever service for asynchronous messaging?
Best regards
Karsten N.
To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to majordomo at torproject.org with
unsubscribe or-talk    in the body.
