
@_date: 2012-10-21 22:26:00
@_author: torop20@hushmail.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Child pornography, anonymity and free speech 
Child pornography is illegal because the production itself involves
actual victims.
The laws date back to a time when it wasn't possible to produce CP
without actual children.
It therefore made sense that sale, distribution and possession of
actual child pornography was made illegal, but the slippery slope
started when the governments around the world began to outlaw child
pornography without actual victims.
The first prohibition does not violate free speech, because the
material featuring actual children is integral to criminal conduct,
but the second prohibition on computer generated images and cartoons
is a regulation of thought.
And Julian and others are  really missing the point if they assume
that the realistic nature of the depictions is the borderline between
permissible and impermissible speech.
The Supreme Court of the United States ruled in one of its more speech
friendly cases that regulation of virtual child pornography on the
assumption that such will incite viewers thoughts is impermissible
regulation of thought.
You can't be an anarchist and defend thought crime legislation. Child
pornography without actual participants is victimless speech and is no
more abuse than crime comics, or ordinary adult pornography some want
to ban.
And yes, true untraceable anonymous communication can't coexist in a
society with thought crime legislation.
Rick Falkvinge has succinctly argued why child pornography  laws in
their current sweeping form pose a risk to privacy and free speech.
The question is very simple: If the price for enforcing anti-child
pornography laws is banning truly untraceable communication, enforcing
EU style data retention on all data packets flowing over the network,
is the price too high?
It isn't a price I am willing to pay, not even for the children.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-10-21 23:00:22
@_author: torop20@hushmail.com 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Child pornography, anonymity and free speech 
"* It's possible to wank without porn. We can reach places in our
  imagination that no amount of brealityb can take us. In my
  an orgasm that starts in the mind is *much* more fulfilling than
  one involving porn. It's also possible to reach orgasm without
  (i.e. by having sex). "
But the anti-child pornography laws proceed on the assumption that
even non-commercial possession of computer generated images must be
banned because inducing the stimulation or wanking is a legitimate
societal interest to be regulated.
It's classic thought crime control. Sure everyone can wank and have
their thoughts, but only until the state manages a way to control what
people think.
If someone wrote a decentralized truly realistic fantasy Virtual
Reality simulation in which everyone could get their  desire without
killing, maiming or molestating another, do you think the government
would allow such a program to exist?
I bet not.
"Getting into bed with the porn producers risks
  alienating the feminist movement who would otherwise be naturally
  aligned with Tor's goals."
You must be kidding.
Google for Catharine Mackinnon and Andrea Dworkin and the Indianapolis
pornography ordinance.
The feminist movement has changed since the 1960s.
These two leading feminists have called for the prohibition on hate
speech and pornography. And only thanks to the ACLU did they not
succeed in Indianapolis.
The question is not whether someone likes pornography, but whether
he/she believes the state should control it.
If you believe that the state should regulate which material I view in
my own home you can't in the long run be a friend of Tor's goals.
Enforcement of the neo-feminist movement's censorship goals is no more
friendly to Tor's goals than those of the Christian conservative
Aside from the failed war on drugs, there are three policy goals which
often beget more censorship: Protect the children, national security
and enforce copyright.
I don't want censor happy feminists on my side. They are as toxic to
free speech, privacy and anonymity as the RIAA.
Fortunately, both the protection of hate speech and virtual child
pornography is a settled constitutional question in the US, so the
worst which can happen is that other nations f-ck up their own laws.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
