
@_date: 2004-09-10 09:03:50
@_author: Joe Touch 
@_subject: [anonsec] Re: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec (fwd 
Clarifications below...
It does not authenticate the endpoint's identification, other than "same
place I had been talking to."
There's no difference between having no "name" and having a name you
cannot trust. I.e., I could travel under the name "anonymous" or "", or
under the name "A. Smith". If you don't know whether I am actually A.
Smith, the latter is identical to the former.
Correction: it is a proposal to extend Internet security - including
Ipsec, but also including TCP-MD5 (sometimes called "BGP MD5") and other
security mechanisms at various layers. It is not focused only on IPsec.
This is one option, but not the only one.
There are two aspects:
The last one, agreed. But the primary assumption is that we can avoid a
lot of infrastructure and impediment to deployment by treating an
ongoing conversation as a reason to trust an endpoint, rather than a
third-party identification. Although anonymous access is not the primary
goal, it is a feature of the solution.
Please review the draft; there are a number of reasons this is being
considered, not the least of which is to reduce the cumbersome
requirement of key infrastructure as well as to avoid performance penalties.
Please be more specific; how would it be better?
Address != identity. Agreed, if what you want to do is hide traffic,
this does not provide traffic confidentiality. But it does not tell you
whether the packets come from 128.9.x.x (ISI, e.g.) or from someone
spoofing 128.9.x.x; all you know is that whoever is using that address
is capable of having an ongoing conversation (TCP connection, e.g.) with
I.e., there are two ways to be anonymous, as noted earlier:
Even if you use "real" names in (2), there's no difference with (1),
since you don't know whether the real Mickey Mouse is using it.

@_date: 2004-09-11 00:00:08
@_author: Joe Touch 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
That is part of the solution, but not all, as noted below.
That is corrected in  draft-touch-tcp-antispoof, which contains the BGP focus of anonsec-00; anonsec-01 (to appear in about 2 weeks) focuses on just the anonsec portion of 00.
Thanks for that input; the claim that BGP in core Internet routers required intractible setup for TCP-MD5 has been refuted by experience noted during the TCPM WG meeting in San Diego as well. This section of tcp-antispoof will be updated accordingly.
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2004-09-16 14:17:09
@_author: Joe Touch 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
My understanding of the attacks this past spring is that:
While inspired by this issue, there may be other solutions (e.g., IMO IPsec) which are more appropriate for BGP peers.
Except that certs need to be signed by authorities that are trusted.
I wouldn't think that the encryption need be opportunistic; in the BGP backbone world, as you noted, peers are known a-priori, and should have certs that could be signed by well-known, trusted CAs.
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2004-09-16 16:05:07
@_author: Joe Touch 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
FWIW, the other system we were referring to - TCP-MD5 - works at the TCP layer. It rejects packets within TCP, before any further TCP processing, that don't match the MD5 hash. It isn't BGP authentication.
This is why I refer to it as TCP-MD5 rather than BGP-MD5, even though the latter is more common.
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2004-09-17 11:02:46
@_author: Joe Touch 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
I should have said "could have certs". BGP could use shared secrets or CAs; it may be the case that anonymous security (as at least I call it) doesn't map well to BGP, in which you usually know who you want to trust. It may still help, though - e.g., in the case of the recent TCP RST attacks, it would have.
The rest of your note focuses on the difference between two-party trust and trust using a shared third party. The former degenerates to the latter where I sign your cert, though ;-) I agree that for BGP the two-party case is probably more relevant, though there some BGP peerings are based on trust relationships of sets of parties that can - or already do - have trusted third-party coordination outside BGP.
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
