
@_date: 2000-10-29 17:42:48
@_author: tratmall@home.com 
@_subject: CDR: TRUE OR FALSE: "You can't possibly earn a living by shopping on the web"... 
You're smart, entrepreneurial and persevering.  That's why, by the end of
this message, you will appreciate why it IS reasonable and realistic to earn
compounding residual income simply by shopping on-line and inviting others
to do the same.
THE "OfferGiant.Com" PROGRAM IS SIMPLE AND EFFECTIVE
A large number of major retailers (475 and rapidly growing -- and most of
whom you'll recognize) are motivated to grow their new eCommerce business.
Instead of expensive advertising, they would rather pay generous commissions
simply for buying from them through a single, well organized web site, and
for recommending others to do the same.
When you do introduce others, you are further incented with cumulative and
residual commissions.  Although you may correctly assume a multi-level
structure, this program nearly eliminates the drawbacks of most MLMs:
   - No inventory to work with: thanks to eCommerce, everything is drop-shipped
     and sales volume is automatically calculated
   - No up-lines or down-lines to coordinate with: the program is so simple
     there's nothing to organize -- all the instructions and commission rates
     are plainly spelled out right on the web site
   - Even if you don't plan to introduce the program, it is a nicely designed
     "on-line mall" to find and save on just about anything you can imagine
   - No hard selling: Just introduce it and the web site does the rest
   - This is the chance to be at the leading edge of a new network which can
     pay generous monthly commissions for little effort beyond referring those
     you know and buying what you already purchase at the mall or over the web
LET'S DO THE MATH AND PROVE THAT IT CAN BE DONE!
Now that you've got the basics of this program, let's see how the subject
line can quickly become a reality.
1. You buy $40 worth of books and $60 worth of gifts through your own
"on-line mall" which you can purchase for $50.  So, you're out $150, but
you've got your books and gifts which you would have spent $100 on anyway.
2. You tell a dozen friends about your mall, and six buy their own mall.  At
the end of the following full month, you receive $25 for each friend who
bought a mall and you receive about $15 back for your $100 of on-line
purchases -- grossing $165: already putting you in the black!
3. Your six friends end up buying books, equipment, gifts, long distance
service, food, travel and plenty of other merchandise through their own
on-line malls, earning you residual commissions: not to mention the extra
referral fees you receive when they introduce their own contacts who buy
malls.  As I'm sure you deduced, this process is compounding and potentially
IT'S YOUR MOVE
You can be earning while you're shopping from your own home and building
your network of referred shoppers with no products to move, and nothing
further to do other than buy through your mall with companies you know and
trust, collect your monthly commission check and tell others - which you'll
be excited to do anyway!  This is an opportunity whose potential is clear to
understand, and will only demand the time you choose to invest.
This program is so self-supportive that you won't even need my guidance:
just as the people you introduce won't require yours.  Everything is
detailed at the OfferGiant.com's web site.  However, I am here to personally
answer any questions you have.  You will find my contact information at the
web page referenced below, as well as a link to my on-line mall which can
answer your remaining questions and set you up instantly with your own mall.
So... get paid for buying books, gifts, long distance service, food, travel,
sports equipment and tons of other stuff that you and your friends buy
anyway!  Now the choice is yours...
LET IT GO, OR CLICK BELOW!
If you wish to be removed from future mailings, please reply with the subject "Remove" and you will automatically be removed from future mailings.
