
@_date: 1992-12-16 07:34:13
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: remailers 
Does anyone have a ongoing list of remailers addresses and functions that
they could send me?  I haven't had time to compile a list myself, but would
appreciate itt greatly if I could get one.

@_date: 1992-12-16 08:46:30
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: remailers 
I don't know if this message got through, but I'll repost  it just in case...
What I would like is a list of remailers with maybe a description of the
fucntions(non-standard mail) like pgp abilities or whatever.  A list of
remailers would be good in itself.

@_date: 1992-12-16 10:18:50
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: tempest devices and use 
For those who are interested in tempest devices and such...
It is currently legal to create/buy and use tempest devices for any citizen
under any circumstances.  It is also legal to sell such devices, with the exception of selling to non US citizens and governments.  This is the good news.
The bad news is:
It is illegal to use any device as a tempest shield, including lead, tesla coils or any other materials that can possibly interfere with tempest
reception!  You need a government license to use these, and then you must have reason to have such a device(this is how banks can use such things.)
I have a few tempests, one with a range of about 200 yards using aricraft
vdo's.  If anyone wants a file discussing the legal issues of the tempest,
please ask, and I'll forward it here.
treason at gnu

@_date: 1992-12-16 12:44:26
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: tempest file 
I don't know what is in the file entirely, but it looked like the one I have
read on the legality of using tempest shields and such.  I have other files on the issue as well, I would like you guys to tell me whats you think, and if I should post the others as well.
treason at gnu   - You have free will, but you will go to hell if you use it!

@_date: 1992-12-16 16:26:15
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: files 
Of course half the problems with realistic discussions are aroused
by idiots flaming without checking their sources....

@_date: 1992-12-17 09:38:58
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
Here is parts of the article I posted regarding the legality of the use
of emf shielding.  Read it carefully, and I suggest you also read the
posted document in full as well.  This poses many problems to the public
in general, and the private sector in specific.
PERRY, I suggest you read this.                             NACSIM 5100A is  classified, as are all  details of TEMPEST.
          To  obtain  access to  it, contractor  must  prove that  there is
          demand within  the government for the specific  type of equipment
          that intend to  certify.  Since  the standard is classified,  the
          contractors can not sell the equipment to non-secure governmental
          agencies or the public.  This prevents reverse engineering of the
          standard  for its physical  embodiment, the  Certified equipment.
          By  preventing  the   private  sector  from  owning   this  anti-
          eavesdropping equipment,  the NSA has  effectively prevented  the
          them from protecting the information in their computers.                A number of  companies produce  devices to measure  the
          emanations from electrical equipment.  Some of these devices
          are  specifically   designed  for   bench  marking   TEMPEST
          Certified equipment.  This does not  solve the problem.  The
          question  arises:  how   much  radiation  at   a  particular
          frequency  is compromising?  The  current answer is to refer
          to NACSIM  5100A.   This document  specifies the  emanations
          levels suitable  for Certification.   The  document is  only
          available  to United  States  contractors having  sufficient
          security  clearance  and  an  ongoing  contract  to  produce
          TEMPEST Certified computers  for the  government.   Further,
          the correct levels are specified by the NSA and there  is no
          assurance that, while these levels are sufficient to prevent
          eavesdropping by unfriendly operatives,  equipment certified
          under NACSIM  5100A will have  levels low enough  to prevent
          eavesdropping by the NSA itself.
               The  accessibility  of  supposedly  correct  emanations
          levels  does  not solve  the  problem of  preventing TEMPEST
          eavesdropping.     Access   to  NACSIM   5100A   limits  the
          manufacturer to selling the equipment  only to United States
          governmental  agencies  with  the  need  to  process  secret
          information.[33]  Without  the right to possess  TEMPEST ELINT
          equipment  manufacturers  who  wish to  sell  to  the public
          sector cannot determine what a  safe level of emanations is.
          Further  those  manufacturers with  access  to  NACSIM 5100A
          should  want  to  verify that  the  levels  set  out in  the
          document are, in  fact, low enough to  prevent interception.
          Without an actual  eavesdropping device with which  to test,
          no   manufacturer  will   be   able  to   produce  genuinely
          uncompromising equipment.
PERRY, now I put up, now YOU SHUT UP!
treason at gnu.

@_date: 1993-04-04 13:14:32
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Second posting (emucs) 
This is the second posting I have posted about emucs (encrypted multi-user
chat system) on the list.  I am hoping to get a little more involvement
from stable coders to help develop this product.  Most of you are
knowledgable of irc and how flawed it is, the ease of logging, and the
fascism of the operators therof.  I want to alleviate this problem by producing
a multi-user chat system involving 1 server and up to 50 clients which
is counterproductive to promoting logging and such.  My design is easy:
All messages sent from a user will be encrypted(pgp) by the pc(msdos machine initially) before its sent over the phone line, to the server.  The server will
then determine if the message is public or private (very easy to do) and if private, will decrypt it using the servers public key.  It will then pass the
message to all users on the server in unencrypted format.  If it is private
the server will pass it directly to the recieving party, who's client will decrypt it (if its private the sender must have the receiver's public key)
and display it to their view screen.  I was considering encrypting and handling everything in a private manner, but have decided that this would be more than too much load on the recieving pc's
so have decided to keep only private messages completely secure.  When the
person wanting to engage in the chat decides to run the client, he would
supply his pass phrase as a command line parameter, and it would be stored in
memory until the chat is terminated.  Any time a private message comes to him
the client would automatically decrypt it with his key and pass phrase.
There will be key handling and exchanging utilities built into the server.
The client will allow for vt100 emulation and will work as a terminal program
until the chat is entered, at which time, the client wwill be prompted by the
server to start its new function(ie. encryption).  If anyone has any
ideas or wishes to help me with this, please respond to treason at gnu.ai.mit.edu
and explain what you can do, or what ideas you have.  On the last posting
of this sort, there was very little response, which frightens me because
of the serious need for this kind of software.
Treason at gnu.ai.mit.edu

@_date: 1993-04-16 13:14:50
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: White House Encryption idea 
Well, this all sounds fine and dandy, but...
1)  They are not passing out the algorithym, and I dont trust ANYONE to tell
me its secure.  I am not a cryptographer, so it wouldn't help any if they gave
the code to me, but it just being out there for public perusal helps me to
think it IS secure.  I trust no payola.
2)  It is very possible that the 'criminal' effort may be able to modify
these devices so that there is no possiblility for the agencies to decrypt
their trasmissions (If it IS truly secure with no backdoors or decyphering
possibilities) in which case, it can only harm the law abiding.
3)  It allows the government the ability to determine WHAT encryption
method industry uses, and they should be able to have a choice.  Those who
understand this very misleading comment will understand, those who do not, will
prolly never be able to.
4) No explanation of what the 'key' contents are composed of (numbers, letters,
alphanum, characters, some odd cyphercode???) is even implied.
5)  No explanation of how the key is propegated or if it will even be needed
for the remote site is mentioned.  How are the remote sites going to
decypher your cyphersounds(text)?
There was no mention of further releases in information...is this all we get?
treason at gnu

@_date: 1993-04-16 13:31:36
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Mailing list name 
I agree wholeheartedly, and I think I have the experience to say so.  You wouldn't believe how much importance people and groups put on names.  Even
though I have not, nor ever intend to commit the act described by my name,
people still look at me with a leery eye.  Becase I am
treason at gnu

@_date: 1993-04-22 14:52:14
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: What should be done. 
I agree as well that this mail is horrendous.  50+ mailings a day is a
troublesome thing.  I would like to suggest a method of mailing that
would be less pain to the mailer, and more useful for storing purposes.
I suggest we start an archive.  All mail sent to the list in one day
is put within this archive, and mailed ONCE per day.  Sure this mailing
would be rather large, and you may have to wade though alot of stuff that
may be uninteresting to you to get to what you want to see, but you could
store it in temp, and use vi on it or something...it would be a minor
inconvienience.  Much more livable than what we have now.  I have seen a
great list done in this same way.  It has the mail header for the list,
an index of all articles subjects within at the start, and then basically
each article stored linearly with mail headers intact.  For those who have
seen the archive for the Ultrasound Digest, you know what Im talking about.
I suspect that the individual running the list has an automation program
generating this Digest each day, and mailing it when the time is appropriate.
There are examples of this digest on archive.epas.utoronto.ca in
I would be happy to consult the list moderator and beg for the software in the
lists best interest if we get a good number of wants.

@_date: 1993-08-09 13:16:37
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Using a 'telserv' program to redirect mail 
I know the subject is misleading but to get into the heart of the matter.
It is very simple to write a unix program to redirect a program driving
a port to another port without affecting it running on the first port.  The
program I have seen to do this is called 'telserv' and can redirect any
port daemon to operate on any other port available (above 1024 of course)
without any special system access.  With this program I have been able to
redirect telnetd, ftpd, and smtpd to other ports with no problem.  In most
cases, the new port is not logged, and works 100% accurately.  The only
current limitation is that only one port process can be taking place at a time.
This could easily be surpassed by a simple fork() statement addin.  I will
not post this code unless I am assured that it is not going to be a legal
problem.  As you can see from the above written statement, I am not a learned
unix programmer, as I have taught myself everything I know (the only accessible
machine our uni has is a prime 6250), so please be gentle with the flames, I have done my best to represent the code and system accurately.
treason at gnu

@_date: 1993-02-22 10:33:42
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: No Subject 
Does anyone know the status of this product?  Is it proprietary? What
 encryption algorityhms does it use?  Are there any flaws in it?
treason at gnu

@_date: 1993-02-22 14:30:13
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: moby crypt 
Ok ok, my mailer is geeking, it has no real mailer here anyway.  None the
less I wanted to know if moby crypt is available, wher and what encryption
method it utilizes...I was told it supported several formats...
What are they??
What are the flaws?
treason at gnu

@_date: 1993-02-24 10:13:58
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: a project for those who like it 
I have been working on an idea or a secure chat system for internet and have up with some ideas.  The concept is to runa server(a single server) to process the chat for up to say 50 users(more may lag you to death) using
public key to secure the system.  The server would be on an internet machine
and the client would be on the users home pc.  We use the home pc concept
to avoid transporting raw data(unencrypted) over internet and phone lines.
The basic gist (in a pseudo pseudocode) is this:
CLIENT SIDE
User runs client
client asks for password (from pgp key)
client checks for servers pgp public key
user then connects to the network and such(dumb teminal, with hotkey to
   activate encryption/decryption)
client connects to sever sending userid and hostname
client asks for alias
client sends server userid hostname
start main function
when message sent
   client encrypts with servers public key
   client sends message to server
when message received
   client decrypts message with users public key (using password supplied
      at initiation)
   client displays it to users screen
loop to start main function
SERVER SIDE
Admin starts server with server pgp password as a parameter
server waits for connection
server gets connection receives host and id
server checks id table looking for legal user
user is valid
   connect
   boot user
check and see if user is logged more than once
if true
   boot both users
   alarm admin
(* This is to make sure noone is lending out their account *)
server matches user with pgp key
start main function
if message sent
   encrypt message with users pgp public key and sends it out
if message received
   decrypt message sent by user using server secret key and password
   reencrypt it for each user on the server
   send message to each user
loop to start main function
The server would have a copy of each users public key, and a look up table
with this format to tell which key is paired with which user:
userid at host pgpkeyname
When I say a user is logged in more than once in the above comment, I mean
logged in on the server, not on his account.
The id or hostname of the user is never displayed and cannot be retrieved.
There is no similarity to irc, no channels, just one stream going to all users.
The data will be encrypted in blocks, and sent out in blocks.
There will need to be made some slight changes in pgp to get this to work.
flaws:  When entering a pgp password, and containing it in memory, this may be
retreivable by the root or the server machine.  Information will be
temporarily stored in kmem, although disorderly, raw.  People are stupid.
Tell me what you think.  People are already wrking on this project, but many
more may be needed to bring it to its completion.  Since I am not
the IP programmer from hell, at this point I am doing the pc client.
iI expect bitches about people saying people will use the server for illegal purposes, but because people can use a bathtub for illegal purposes if
they wanted to, I will ignore them.
Treason at gnu

@_date: 1993-07-29 10:27:13
@_author: treason@gnu.ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: DSA liscence 
Can someone mail me the NIST dsa liscence agreement?
John?  It was deleted out of my mail by a co-student...I really wanted that.
treason at gnu.ai.mit.edu
