
@_date: 1993-10-04 09:44:41
@_author: Robert J Woodhead 
@_subject: subscribe 
Here's hoping I haven't made an ass out of myself.

@_date: 1993-10-06 08:40:14
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Enough already! 
This is an excellent idea.  A modest suggestion: build a email-based
digital cash system; allot each reader a certain amount of cash
per month; charge a fee for posting.  We'd have to figure out a way
to give extra income to posters that other posters agree with, or
vice-versa, in a non-onerous way...
On a totally different topic, has anyone investigated using the
LSbit of CD sound tracks as the source of a 1-time pad?

@_date: 1993-10-07 17:59:20
@_author: Robert J Woodhead 
@_subject: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
I've only been monitoring the list for a couple of days, but already it is clear
to me that the traffic is _way_ too high to manage as a mailing list.  Apart
from the volume, the very structure of Email tends to dis-associate message
from reply, and make it difficult to do any filtering before reading (one of
the great joys of using _nn_ IMHO).
A humble suggestion: someone undertake to create alt.cyperpunks and shadow the
newsgroup and the mailing list (so that posts to one also go to the other).
In my case this would cut my reading time in half and increase my "harvest"
by a factor of two.  The mailing list would still be available for those who
cannot get the group.  In addition, as the number of people getting the mailing
list would decrease, it would probably delay the death of the net by bandwidth
overload for a few hours (currently, it is scheduled for sometime in June 1997,
last time I checked).
Also, even an unmoderated alt group can be made moderated (and thus, filter out
most of the forgery, etc) by appropriate use of technology described in this
mailing list.
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+

@_date: 1993-10-08 17:59:29
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
This is called "security through obscurity."  I'm shocked to see it
advocated in this list!  ;^>
Opening up the list into a newsgroup has risks, but they can be mitigated
and doing so would make it easier to use, and reduce the load on toad.
One way to mitigate the effect on the list itself is (1) make the
connection 1 way (list->group), with postings to the group sent through
and anon remailer and (2) postings to the group from the list could
be signed to authenticate them.
Bottom line, isn't one of the goals of punkery in general (whatever
flavor) to _spread_ knowledge.  Shouldn't this stuff be shouted from
the digital treetops?

@_date: 1993-10-08 18:35:49
@_author: Robert J Woodhead 
@_subject: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
You can put up such a network, but given that your boxes have to receive
the signal, it will be detectable (but not understandable) to 3rd parties.
Anyone who wants to take you down will only need (1) a detector that can
point out your boxes and (2) a small caliber rifle.
Since the cost to find and destroy is much less than the cost to make and
deploy, a covert network of this sort wouldn't last long.  An _overt_
network, perhaps a commercial entity that networks an entire city, would
be an interesting prospect.
The techniques for maintaining location information on actual machines
connected to the net, and for updating them as they move, are actually
quite simple and well understood (cellular telephones are a simple,
dumb version of the technology).  The trick is to find out a way that
the network can know where you are but not give that information out
(even to the owners of the network), without unacceptable overheads.

@_date: 1993-10-11 19:56:25
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: RSA Security 
You write:
You are very naive.  Your secret would be very valuable, and there
would be great incentive for an unscrupulous customer to get the
secret from you.
Put yourself in the position of DIRNSA.  He is most likely an honorable
person who wouldn't think of torturing the information out of you (and
I'm not just saying that because the NSA is most likely reading this
list -- most people in government are honorable).  However, he has a
1) Secrets leak - and sooner or later, someone who would stoop to nasty
methods will find out about you.
2) He is responsible for protecting the country against certain threats.
You are, in a sense, a threat -- because you might unintentionally do
something really stupid with your knowledge.
He must now balance your rights in our society vs. his responsibility
to protect it.  It is a difficult situation.  I think the best you
could hope for is to sell the secret to them and be made a job offer
you can't refuse.
If you figure out a cheap way to factor, I would advise you to publish
it as widely as possible, most likely via multiple postings to multiple
newsgroups on the net.  As people are going to be very interested in
your identity, I suggest you do it anonymously.  VERY anonymously.
Spookily yours,
Robert "reads too many spy novels" Woodhead

@_date: 1993-10-13 05:36:39
@_author: Robert J Woodhead 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Nets (Way to do safely) 
Succinctly, use the purloined letter technique -- hide it in plain sight.
There are RF bands set aside for unlicensed low-power operation; some
new phones use spread-spectrum techniques in these bands.
Build and sell wireless ethernet nodes that talk using these techniques.
Customers will demand strong encryption to prevent their data leaking
out and outsiders sneaking in, so you have a good reason for adding
this to the product.
Develop a robust set of protocols that automatically manage the net,
which is logically dynamic (movement of nodes and episodes of interference
are logically equivalent to dynamic modification of the topology of the
net. You can consider each node to be on N ethernets, where N is the
number of nodes it is currently able to talk to, each ethernet
having only two members.)
Now the kicker; the nodes can be programmed to only talk to other nodes
known to them (ie: the office work-group, building, etc), or to freely
accept and route messages from "alien" nodes.
Given a population of "liberal" message passing nodes, one can then
add a new layer of routing protocols that do regional networking,
with dynamic re-routing as needed.
Purchasers of the wireless nodes should be encouraged to enable the
"pass-through" option, and the protocols should guarantee that assisting
in the passing on of messages does not affect local net performance.
If you do it this way, you'll succeed much faster because people will
be paying you to do it.  You'll have more money for R&D, and you'll
have a lot more people bitching if someone tries to take your toys
The protocol design is, as they say, left as an exercise to the reader.
It isn't all that difficult.

@_date: 1993-10-13 17:26:45
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Nets (Way to do safely) 
You write:
You miss the point.  The point is, rather than build an underground net,
build an overt one that has the features you want, that lots of people
would like to use.
The classic example of this technique, of course, is the Internet itself.
I'm sure there are people who would hold that it has resulted in the
dissemination of lots of "classified" cryptographic munitions.  Yet
you don't see anyone trying to shut it down.
Why?  Because it is useful and has a large user community of good folks
who would get royally p'od at anyone who tried.
Same thing with cellular phones.  With TV.  And on and on.

@_date: 1993-10-14 19:17:03
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: KIDDY KRYPTO 
Low tech.  Here in Japan the latest rage are these little pocket
devices that let you type in a message and IR beam it to your
buddy's device.  Great for the classroom, or when your friends
have been caged up by an evil demonic rock-star (as in the
commercial, starring the demon-rock-star who was on Larry King
when he was in Tokyo [fun guy, btw])

@_date: 1993-10-17 17:52:01
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Problems of anonymous posts 
Hfinney writes some excellent comments on anon remailers and how to
deal with them.
Possible low-tech solution: mail-list software where the moderator has
the ability to screen messages from particular sites and/or accounts.
In other words:
Question: how easy is it to use public information (ie: out of the
phone book), PGP and an anon-remailer to create a "Fake ID"

@_date: 1993-10-18 17:57:19
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: "True Names" and "Ender's Game" (was: Cypherwaffle...) 
A very strong second for True Names.  Read it and find out who really
invented "Cyberspace" (It wasn't Gibson).  If you like it, try Vinge's
"A Fire Upon the Deep."

@_date: 1993-10-18 18:02:21
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Big Brother Inside Stickers 
You write:
Don't count them.  Use a scale.  You'll be able to get it to +-10.
Close enough for government work, so to speak.

@_date: 1993-10-18 18:17:23
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: jrk@sys.uea.ac.uk (Richard Kennaway) 
I believe you are confusing cash with deposits.  Cash (either paper or
digital) can be passed untraceably from palm to palm (or palmtop to
palmtop, if you will).  Deposits, on the other hand, require a method
for the bank and the depositor to authenticate each other.  In the
past, anonymous authentication was rife with problems, but cryptography
might solve these problems.
However, I think the deeper question is worth considering: what is the
justification for anonymous bank accounts?
Avoiding taxes just doesn't cut it for me; much as I hate to pay them,
I recognise the need to do so.

@_date: 1993-10-19 08:37:29
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: jrk@sys.uea.ac.uk (Richard Kennaway) 
I think you are being dangerously naive if you think that such actions
would prevent someone (not necessarily the government, btw) from making
your life a living hell.
If you are a parent, for example, think what an accusation of child
abuse might do.
Do not be so quick to assume that these wonderful and interesting
techniques we discuss will solve long-standing problems.  Most likely,
they will merely solve new problems (ie: the increased ability of
third parties to intercept communications) that are created by the
very technologies that make the solutions possible.

@_date: 1993-10-19 19:42:29
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: why anon bank acct? 
Not at all.  I recognise that, however inefficient, taxes pay to maintain
the legal and physical environment that makes my life more comfortable.
There are many oppressive things about governments, but _by_and_large_
the US government is one of the least oppressive, and the vast majority
of the people who work in it are honest and well-intentioned.
What I hope comes out of groups like cypherpunks are ways to make the
government better and more responsive to the needs of the citizenry
(in other words, some good checks and balances), rather than petty
ways to avoid a few bucks in taxes.  Rather than aspire to join the
alleged clique of rich and powerful tax evaders, might it not be better
to aspire to develop techniques that both maintain privacy but guaran-
tee that they have to pay their share of the load.  Hint: develop
something that makes it worth their while.

@_date: 1993-10-19 19:52:38
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Photocopying money 
In Japan they do.  Some banks recently got scammed by people putting
photocopied Y10,000 ($100) bills into changers at the banks (getting
10 Y1,000 in return).  They've now done a ROM upgrade on the machines.
A cultural point: Japan is a very cash-oriented society, so nobody
blinked twice when someone went up to the changing machine and plunked
10 or 20 bills into it.

@_date: 1993-10-19 21:47:39
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: JUDGMENT PROOFING 
You write:
Bingo.  However, please note that one difference between the past
and the present is that the reason "hard" encryption is needed is
because electronic communication is so inherently insecure.  In
the past, communications tended to be hard to intercept but easy
to read, today the opposite is becoming true.
Thus, the difference is that today, it's much harder to be
discreet -- the encryption is a red flag.  "What's he hiding?"
And as any intelligence analyst can tell you, even traffic analysis
can tell you a _lot_.
Suggested Reading: The Spycatcher's Encyclopaedia of Espionage, by
Peter Wright.  VERY entertaining.

@_date: 1993-10-20 02:42:30
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: why anon bank acct? 
An admirable solution, but it does not take into account the vested
interests involved.  The only way to deal with them is to design a
new system that is sufficiently more efficient (and/or wealth
generating) that they are better off supporting it than opposing
it.  The U.S. Government has been under construction for over 200
years; you are not going to break it apart so easily.

@_date: 1993-10-20 02:52:30
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Photocopying money 
(This is nostalgiaware - skip past it if you're only into messages
about encryption)
This is a reference to my game, Wizardry, an RPG that allowed each
character to have 8 items in inventory.  Alas, the code that checked
for valid keypresses in the "identify item" section had an error:
This allowed any key to be pressed, and ended up twiddling bits in
the data structure.  Pressing 9 gave you extra experience points.
Someone once sent me a list of what _all_ the keys on an Apple II
We deliberately left this bug in the PC version of the game as it had
become part of the legend of the game.
Not much to do with encryption, but Wizardry encrypted it's game strings
with a simple system that nobody broke (I guess tracing p-code was
too much trouble).  It added X*the character position and Y*the line
number+Z*the previous character, as I recall...

@_date: 1993-10-20 19:32:38
@_author: Robert J Woodhead 
@_subject: Wizardry's Encryption 
Matthew writes (about how Wizardry was encrypted):
They were that way for two reasons: performance (they were
always being read and written) and reality (it was a known
plaintext situation, since the user could change his character
in any manner of methods, like simply trading gold around
between the characters, and thus map out the database)
Encryption in those days wasn't intended to be strong; it was
intended to be strong enough to hold off the pirates for the
crucial first few months of sales.  Given that we were pushing
the machines to the limit of their performance envelopes, we
couldn't take too much of a hit (time or code-wise) for strong
And I think Sir-tech still replaces Apple II discs, but I
am no longer involved in the company, so you'll have to
call and ask them.  ;^)

@_date: 1993-10-20 19:32:51
@_author: Robert J Woodhead 
@_subject: Anon Bank Accounts / Imminent Demise of US Govt (Conclusion) 
Stanton McCandlish asks:
Perry E. Metzger posits:
My answer is simple: the alternative is worse.  Anarchy is
usually very uncomfortable, unless you have more guns and
money than anyone else.  Also, the current US government is,
at it's core, based on sound principles.  If it crashes and
burns, what is it more likely to be replaced by?
Whether you like it or not, you live in and are supported by
a society, in a myriad of ways.  The maintenance and improve-
ment of that society, and the betterment of your fellow human
beings, ought to be a primary goal.  It is for me.
And finally, Sameer Parekh opines:
A good suggestion.  I've made my point, and perhaps infected
a few people with a meme or two.  Time to shut up.

@_date: 1993-10-21 05:27:56
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: politics 
I agree.  I am motivated by self-interest.  My self-interest, however,
is not just providing for myself now, but also improving my environment
for the future.  You will note that I didn't say "people should be
forced to do things my way."  I said "I think this is a worthwhile
goal for people."  THere is a big difference.

@_date: 1993-10-21 07:47:56
@_author: Robert J Woodhead 
@_subject: What is the maximum # of bits a key could ever need to be? 
This occurred to me this morning in the inner sanctum of inspired cogitation,
aka the shower.  "What is the maximum # of bit a public-key would ever need
to be, given no breakthroughs in factoring?"
I came up with an answer, but it depends on some numbers that I don't have
handy; perhaps other people on the list can fill in the blanks.
First, we need an equation that tell us how difficult it is, in # of operations,
to factor a number of N bits.  eg: N_ops(N) = # of operations it will take.
Then all we need to do is find the N for which N_ops(N) is greater than
U_Duration * U_Particles * (1 / P_time)
Where U_Duration is the expected duration of the universe, U_Particles is the
number of particles in the universe (I am assuming that every particle can
be used as a processor; the programming I leave as an exercise to the
alert reader), and P_Time is the Planck time (damned if I can remember it)
in seconds, which ought to be a good upper bound for clock speed on the
Universal CPU.
A most likely useless number, but it would be interesting to know what it
comes out to.

@_date: 1993-10-21 18:58:04
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Canon copiers 
Most likely by modulating the Least Significant Bit of the color
intensity in some (or all) color-filled areas of the image.  A
set of sync-bits, serial number, and some more sync bits.  Repeat
every line, shifted by 1 bit, and you'll get a pattern that is
hard to differentiate from the background unless you _know_
what to look for.
I wouldn't be surprised if there isn't a time and date stamp
as well, plus batch # info.

@_date: 1993-10-23 18:38:29
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Subliminal Channels 
Alas, almost every study that has been done on "Subliminal Seduction"
has generated negative results.  The famous Movie theatre experiment, for
example, was totally uncontrolled -- and did Key mention that it was
done during a heatwave, with broken air-conditioning in the theatre?
Moreover, tests of the "embedded sex objects" hypothesis don't pan out.
It turns out that (a) people don't notice them unless they have been
predisposed to (ie:"find the penis in the photo") and (b) whether or
not there is an embed in the photo has no meaningful effect on the
Basically, human beings are pattern recognition machines.  We _love_
patterns so much that we tend to see them even when they aren't there
For example, "The line I  am in is always the slowest."  This is because
you don't remember the times you were in a fast line, because it isn't
a big stimulus to you.  So guys like Key, who are looking for patterns,
will find them everywhere.
Deliberate embeds in advertising are almost without exception artists
jokes.  And most perceived embeds are simply random things about the
image that our minds are organizing for us.

@_date: 1993-10-23 18:48:29
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
You write:
I think you are reading those replies through rose-colored glasses.
They were politely telling you "no way."
Please keep in mind that it is impolite to _impose_ your beliefs on
others, and to punish people that don't believe as you do.  That's
what certain governments that people on the list are concerned about
do.  People don't respond well when forced.  All you will do is
alienate them.
I suggest you offer an incentive for signature use rather than a
penalty for non-use.  For example, the "Quarterly Cookie Quota" (QCQ),
a pledge to send a package of cookies (good ones, too) to a signer
picked at random.  This will cost you $100 a year, less than the
time/$ cost of modifying the mail list software.
Bottom line: Use Carrots, not Sticks.  Using sticks is counterproductive,
especially when you try and use them on ornery jerks like the membership
of this list (humble correspondent included in that characterization).

@_date: 1993-10-23 23:33:08
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Subliminal Channels 
This will be my final note on this subject, as it is inappropriate
for the list.
Alex writes in support of subliminal seduction:
Alex, there have been numerous studies on the subject, which I
summarized in my previous email (and you ignored).  Go look it
up for yourself if you don't believe me.
My degree is in psych, perceptual psych.  I know whereof I speak.
Subliminal seduction does not have a statistically significant
effect.  If you are predisposed to see penises and breasts, you
see them.  There are ice-cubes in booze ads because (surprise!)
you put ice-cubes in booze!
Artists jokes appear in work all the time.  Apple's Newton has
several of them.  Most of the anime films I subtitle have them
in them.  It is human nature, and part of the creative process,
which is why it is tolerated.
"SS" is a powerful myth, but tons of studies have shown that it
has the same validity as "Gerbilling."  I'm not saying it hasn't
been tried, it most surely has.  What I am saying is that most
people in the Ad industry know it's bullshit.
A much more powerful effect, if you're going to airbrush, would
be to correct images so they present the right cues to the
reader.  An example would be making sure that that smiling
girl is presenting Duchenne's marker (a subtle difference
typified by involuntary contraction of the pars lateralis eye
muscle that signifies a true happy smile, as opposed to a fake
or a social smile).  See SCIENCE, Vol 262, Pg 336 for a fascinating
report on this -- learning how to contract this muscle and smile
true happy smiles can actually make you feel happy!

@_date: 1993-10-24 19:03:12
@_author: Robert J Woodhead 
@_subject: Totally Anonymous Remailing 
Just toying around with some ideas, and came up with this:
Totally Anonymous Remailing (V1.0)
An "TAR" goes active on the net at site anon.com.
It publishes a Public Key.
1) Creating an anonymous ID.
A User sends message to create-id at anon.com, encrypted with the TAR's
Public key.  The message contains four elements:
At this point, the TAR can verify that the new user isn't spoofing
by giving someone else's public key.  It does not reply to the
email message, nor does it store the source (which in any case
could be another anonymous remailer).  If the new Pseudo isn't in
use, it gets allocated.  If it is, it does not.
2) Sending mail to an anonymous ID
Works the same as sending mail to anyone else.  However, on receipt
it is immediately encrypted with the recipients Public key and
placed in a Mail queue.  It is _not_ automatically forwarded.
3) Using an anonymous ID.
The User sends a message to use-id at anon.com, encrypted with the
TAR's Public key.  The message contains the following:
The Command and Parameters are encrypted with the User's private
Key.  This has several nice features that will become apparent
If the command contains errors, or does not decrypt properly, the
anon mailer places an error message into the Pseudonym's mail
queue, but does not otherwise reply.
Commands would be typical:
and so on.  Might be nice to make it a shell on top of something
like MH, and allow you to manage your mailbox remotely and
BTW, none of this double-blind crap.  If someone wants to
reply anonymously, they ought to create their own pseudo.
Note that use-id@ has a nice property.  Assume there is another
anon server, noname.com, which gets a message, encrypted with
it's public key, that is a command for Artful-Dodger at anon.com.
It can simply re-encrypt the message with anon.com's public key
and pass it on, never having seen the command because it is
encrypted - and only anon.com knows Artful-Dodger's public key,
because Artful only sent it to anon once, encrypted with anon's
key.  The extension - several anon sites passing mail back and
forth regularly (all encrypted batches containing several real
and fake messages) - is obvious and makes traffic analysis
more difficult (especially as the number of sites goes up).
There could also be a facility for one-shot "bounces," the
ability to use the anon site to bounce an email to a restricted
number of addresses (typically, other anon sites).  So you could
email to noname (using noname's key) and have the message bounced
to anon.  So you could have an account on anon and yet never
directly send email to anon -- it would never at any time have
any clue as to your identity.
Of course, you'd have to trust the software.  And some work needs
to be done to ensure the net stays viable even if some of the
sites have been subverted.
This is only a first draft, probably many mistakes.

@_date: 1993-10-25 19:20:51
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: the Joy of Pseudospoofing 
"Jim Riverman" writes about the possibilities of abuse by pseudospoofing.
I agree with him that this is an area of great potential concern.  While
I am not opposed to the principle of maintaining multiple identities on
the net, the rule of netiquette should be that "multiple identities should
_NEVER_ intersect."
So I support "L. Detweiler"s right to be "Jim," but they ought never to
support each other.  His scenario is chillingly _possible_.
At the same time, I think such episodes will be rare.  The amount of
effort needed to maintain multiple intersecting identities is quite high,
and in most cases would be "uneconomic."  However, in some cases, for
some people, the effort might be worth it, so some thought ought to
be placed into ways to detect or discourage it.
Which brings up the question: how can we, in the era of digital pseudonyms
determine that two pseudos are, or are not, the same person?  One possible
method would be careful automated analysis of the language used by
the participants in a net discussion.  As I recall, there are studies
that show that people have deep patterns in their writing that can
be detected even when they are trying to hide them.  Literary finger-
prints, if you will.
This may be an area that "Jim" ought to research.  Such an automated
monitor might be a positive contribution.

@_date: 1993-10-25 19:44:17
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: the Joy of Pseudospoofing Satan 
Yes, she was being deceptive.  No, she was not being maliciously
deceptive, as her "agentself" was merely doing the same thing that
a seperate agent would have done, being an advocate for the actor.
The difference is that the third party _expects_ the agent to praise
the actor.  In L Detweilers example, the pseudo-spoofer was using
the _lack_ of expectation to his/her advantage.

@_date: 1993-10-26 02:34:51
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Totally Anonymous Remailing 
Eli writes regarding my Totally Anonymous Mailing scheme:
I don't think this is a problem.  The send command is received by
the mailing system encrypted by the mailer's public key.  An outside
observer can't decode the message.  When it gets the message, the
mailer decrypts the envelope, and gets the sender's pseudonym and
an encrypted command (encrypted with the sender's private key).
The mailer knows the pseudo's public key, so it can decrypt the
command.  If it is a spoofed command, the mailer gets junk, and
merely sends email into the psuedo's account giving details of
the intrusion attempt (which might just be an error on the
owner's part).
The outgoing mail packet(s) would be encrypted by the pseudo owner's
public key, so only he could read them.
Some mechanism might have to be added to prevent an irritating "spoof"
attack where the attacker records an incoming message and merely
duplicates it.  This might involve having the server remember the last
couple of weeks of command transactions, reject duplicates, and
reject any messages more than a week "old."  This would require a
timestamp in the encrypted part of the message.
The part of the proposal that really needs work is methods to make
traffic analysis prohibitive.  I suspect that a net of cooperative
mailers, along with the ability to delay the relay of outgoing mail,
might help in that regard.

@_date: 1993-10-26 02:50:56
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Another Tussle with a Tentacle 
Pseudo's intersect when they interact.  You could have several psuedos
here on the list, but so long as they didn't engage in the nasty
behavior you abhor, fine by me.  You could be the paranoid L. Detweiler
and the arch-codemeister "Larry Goodhack" for all I care.
Personally, I am getting a little tired of your ranting.  I agreed with
most of your position and got flamed for it.  Thanks a lot.  It's chillingly
obvious you've read "How to Win Friends and Influence People."
If you are willing to do the research and provide solid, verifyable
evidence of such nastiness as you are convinced is happening, then
do it.  If you are willing to discuss the implications of dishonesty
in a universe of anonymity, then  that is a topic of interest.  If
all you are willing to do is rant about the boogieman under the
bed, then please do your mumbling somewhere else in cyberspace.
I _still_ think the issue that concerns you is an important one.  I
also think you are doing a very good job of ensuring that people
don't give it critical thought. Who knows.  Maybe that's your goal.  Think about that, 'punks.

@_date: 1993-10-27 09:09:23
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Tim May, Detweiler and Me. 
Tim writes at length and with some eloquence regarding the
recent conflagration, and then quotes me replying to Mr. Detweiler.
He then asks me to think about certain points, but after doing so, I
think he has misunderstood _my_ point.  My point in the above is
"Do not judge the message by the messenger."  Regardless of whether
or not his scenario is in play on the group (I don't think it is),
it is something to think about, and it is inevitable that people will
attempt to maliciously pseudospoof, and some will succeed.
Granted, Mr. Detweiler has been a royal twit.  But then, so have many
others on the list in reply to him.  Shame on the lot of you.
One of the central aspects of human society is negotiation and the
attempt to reach consensus.  In the past, while sitting around the
campfire or negotiating table, one could see the other parties to
the negotiation and be reasonably sure of their identity.
Sure, groups could collude to your detriment -- and sometimes did,
for it is a powerful technique (ask any poker player for examples),
but at least you knew that it took cooperation between individuals
and groups, and it was easier to track.  You at least had a scorecard
of the players, so to speak.
One of the effects of the digital revolution is that now, a single
person can be multiple people at the campfire with _much_ less
effort than before.  This reduces the cost of collusion, and makes
it more likely.
I believe this is an issue that needs to be addressed, if for no
other reason than to make people aware of the possibility that
it might be going on.  Hal Finney's recent posting on "True Names"
is a valuable contribution in that it proposes a way to deal
with the problem.
To quote Mr. D Vader, "Do not be so proud of this technological
terror you have created."  The cryptographic techniques being
developed today are immensely powerful.  Let us hope that we are
wise enough to learn how to use them well.  Let us take it as read
that there will be others who will foolishly use them for base ends,
and spend a little extra time to ensure that it isn't so easy.

@_date: 1993-10-28 21:58:17
@_author: Robert J. Woodhead 
@_subject: Tim May, Detweiler and Me. 
Nobody flames:
You've made my day.  I've always wanted to be flamed by nobody,
in particular.
Seriously, I suggest you take a long hard look at the dictionary.
Apart from learning many more highly useful expletives, you might
also chance apon such words as "courtesy" and "etiquette."
