
@_date: 1997-10-12 13:08:10
@_author: Trei Family 
@_subject: CMR paves the road to GAK, and provides no corporate security. 
I've been mulling over PGP5's CMR feature for a while, trying to
decide what I think of it. It hasn't been easy, but I've come down
against it. I'm restricting my discussion to the use of CMR in corporate email. I am not addressing stored data.
I think that we're a lot more worried that the presence of features like CMR
will make it easier for governments to mandate GAK. It's much tougher to insist on GAK if a switch requires new software to be developed, and
for everyone to purchase, install, and use espionage-enabled software. If
CMR -
like facilities are already in the software, then GAK could be mandated
overnight by executive order.
The inclusion of CMR drastically lowers the barriers to mandated GAK.
A word of advice: don't try to discuss Clipper in this forum without checking
your facts. Clipper used an 80 bit key.
Actually, the chips left the manufacturer 'blank'. They were to have their
unit keys set by some ill-defined process involving government employees.
It never really got nailed down, since Clipper was killed before the
key escrow agencies and systems were ramped up beyond demonstration levels.
With a CMR feature in place, a government can say "Starting now, encrypt to this key or we'll throw you in jail." Without CMR, they can't really do
[or because the State says it will toss his sorry ass in jail if he
 does not]
[or bad citizenship decisions?]
Once again, you're unlikely to do this if the State decides that that would
be a good reason to jail you.
True, but the point is moot - most people beleive that the NSA is perfectly
competant to write secure symmetric ciphers without outside review, and since they had given themselves a backdoor, there was no reason to leave the window unlocked as well.
If the State could do (1), they would not be asking for key recovery in the
first place. (2) and (3), are greatly aided by CMR, since CMR provides high value targets; breaking or black-bagging a single key gives you access
to a great deal of traffic, and in the case of (4), you lose 5th Amendment
protection, since a third party holds a key.
Once again, you haven't checked the record. Clipper keys were to be split, with different halves going to different government agencies. There were
fairly elaborate plans to prevent posession of only one half giving an
attacker an advantage. Thus there were *two* repositories, not one. (From the point of view of the paranoid, this was not much of a
comfort - both repositories belonged to the same entity.)
Here's an alternative interpretation. I think that 'business people and corporations' feel (with considerable justification, I might add) that they have a moral right to control the information which flows in and out of their worksites, just as they have a right to control to flow of material goods on and off of their premises. To control the flow of material goods, companies install security systems,
guards, metal detectors, etc. Depending on the type of good and it's value,
these more or less work, though they're never perfect; when the marginal cost
of improving security exceeds the loss that the improvement would prevent, you stop adding security. In the extreme case, the diamond workers of Namibia
have to undergo a full-body X-ray whenever they leave the diamond reserve.
Companies would like to be able to able to exercise similar control over data.
However, bits behave differently than do atoms. Physical barriers are almost
perfectly transparent. An employee can slip a multi-gigabyte DAT tape in
a shirt pocket, or transfer stego'd data undetected inside innocent cover
perhaps with non-CMR'd superencryption.
For data, physical barriers - firewalls, passwords, isolated lans, access
encryption, et al, can work more or less effectively to prevent
unauthorized outsiders
from acquiring data they should not. However, there is *no* way in which you can prevent a person you have
authorized to
receive data from making whatever use of it they desire, even if those uses
are opposed to your reasons for giving them the data.
CMR serves to give corporate executives the illusion that they can control the
uncontrollable. It lets them think they can monitor the expression of their
employess, while they can not. It lets them beleive that they can use
to protect corporate proprietary data from theft by disloyal employees, while they can not. The only way to protect data is to make sure that employees share the goals and ends of the corporation; ie, give them a reason to be
loyal and trustworthy.
Classified agencies know this. In the classified world, there is a huge effort
to protect data from outside attack. There is a similarly intense effort to check that only loyal, reliable, trustworthy people get clearances, and strong 'need to know' controls to restrict what data even they can see.
once a cleared person has acheived properly authorized access to classified data, there is (in my observation) remarkably little done to prevent them from deliberately walking off with it.
CMR provides an illusion that this loss can be prevented. It looks good in a
chief security officer's report; it gives warm fuzzies to senior management.
However, it provides no real security. In fact, it actually weakens security, since anyone with licit or illicit access to the CMR key(s) can read the data.
[Strawman GAK plan deleted]
Here's a more realistic scenario.
1. OpenPGP with CMR becomes a standard, and is widely accepted and
installed. PGP gets
rich. (Are you going to claim that this could never happen?)
2. An executive order is signed by the President, ordering that all encrypted email include the FBI public key as a recipient. He notes that this will be
no burden to industry, since it's a freebie with the industry standard CMR
To summarize:
1. CMR cannot prevent disloyal employees from sending messages that their
   employers would want to prevent.
2. CMR, widely deployed, would greatly ease a transition to mandated GAK.
Given CMR's inability to provide an a desirable goal (improve corporate
coupled with the severe downside (paving the road to GAK), I have decided that
I must oppose it.
Peter Trei
trei at ziplink.net

@_date: 1997-10-24 12:17:05
@_author: Trei Family 
@_subject: Did you taken part in a key crack? 
I'm giving a presentation at the RSA Data Security Conference
in January, 1998. The title is "Key Cracking for fun and Profit: The
Year in Review".
The main topic will be the activity spawned by the RSA Secret Key Challenges, though I'll include other brute-force and factoring efforts, in 1997 or before.
If you have taken part in a key search, and/or have any thoughts on the topic you'd like to share, I hope you'll send them to me at trei at ziplink.net. I'm particularly interested in finding out about some of the less-known efforts - for example, the DES effort rumored to have
taken place at SGI, and the early, abortive RC5/56 effort at a
New York site.
Stories, anecdotes, and issues raised by the efforts are all welcomed. Responses will be kept confidential if desired.
Peter Trei
trei at ziplink.net
DISCLAIMER: The above are my own views, should not be misconstrued to represent those of my employer.

@_date: 1998-01-11 12:10:53
@_author: Trei Family 
@_subject: DES 2 challenge: Are you going to help? 
There's been remarkably little discussion about the DES II contest sponsored by RSA labs.
On the 13th, RSA will post another DES challenge, again with a $10,000
prize. There's a new wrinkle: while the prize is still being given to
the first person who reports the key, the size of the prize dwindles as
time goes by. It's $10k for the first 540 hours (about 3 weeks), then drops to $5k for the next 540, then $1000, and after 1620 hours drops to 0.
Next June RSA will release another challenge, with the same prize; however
the time limits will ratchet down depending on how fast the key is discovered
this time around. Details are at I've heard of only one organized group which plans to attack it; the one
based at  This is the same group which successfully brute forced 56 bit RC5 encryption. My educated guess, based on the speed with which they are currently searching RC5-64 (about 11 Gkey/sec) and the known speed differences between RC5 and DES searching, is that they have a good but not certain chance of finding the key within the $10,000 window.
[Interesting factoid - at that speed they could crack 40 bit RC5 keys at
better than one a minute.]
If you have cycles to spare, you might consider joining for the DES attack.
Their clients are quite good, and do not interfere with normal operations.
If you don't want to trust d.n's organizers, consider running Svend
Bryddes for x86 processors. It's quite a bit faster than my DESKR, and full
is available.
Peter Trei
trei at ziplink.net

@_date: 1998-01-11 23:48:04
@_author: Trei Family 
@_subject: More on the DES II contest. 
Douglas F. Elznic and Lucky Green have both written saying that  will not be devoting their full effort to the DES II challenge.
This is incorrect.  is a highly centralized effort, in which
clients are almost completely controlled by the central site,
with which they are in frequent communication.
Over the past few weeks, the clients have been upgraded to a
version containing dual search cores - they can search either
rc5-64 or an arbitrary DES key.
On the morning of the 13th, as soon as the DES II challenge data becomes available, their servers will stop issuing rc5-64 blocks and start issuing DES II blocks. The clients
will all switch over to the DES II contest without any action
by the owners of the client machines.
I too would like to see a serious effort made at a 512 bit
RSA key. However, the infrastructure for this is quite a bit more complex than a simple bruteforce against a symmetric key, and the organizers of d.n don't seem to be
ready for it.
My greatest fear with DES II is that if d.n finds the key
early in the search, they may decide to sit on it until just before the 540 hour deadline. If they are the only
group with a credible chance of finding the key (as far as
I know, this is the case), then their payback is maximized
by by this tactic, since the time limits for the June
contest are determined by the speed with which the key is
found in January.
My personal impression is that d.n seems more motivated
by the money, which they want to further their research
on distributed computing, than they are by ideology.
The above represent my personal, private views, and
should neccesarily be attributed to my employer.
Peter Trei
trei at ziplink.net
ptrei at hotmail.com (more reliable next week)
