
@_date: 1995-08-31 09:26:18
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Fiat Shamir Zero Knowledge Test 
Can someon point me to a net description of
the "Fiat Shamir Zero Knowledge Test" used
in the RCA DirecTV smart cards.
Thanks in advance...

@_date: 1995-10-05 07:19:18
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Oct 14 meeting Agenda? (DC Cypherpunks) 
While, I believe in strong crypto for everyone (what cypherpunks doesn't),
I also believe that much can be done to prevent the wholesale snooping
of Commercial ISP customers data.  I believe that this data is snooped
because the ISP's and large number of customers (ignorant of security)
make this data too easy a target (cost effective).
While the NSA may follow it's motto (In GOD we trust, the rest we monitor).
Others may take hostile actions agenst someone whose password or
personal information has been obtained. (ex. drain bank account, or just
send spam)
Some questions that I would like to ask...
1 - Assuming that someone from an agengy or someone pretending to
    be from an agency wanted to capture one or all the ISP customers
    key presses.  What method would they use ?
    Would they capture the data at the phone company?
    Would they tap the raw data stream at the initial ISP router ?
    Would they route IP packets from the initial ISP router through their
        own equipment before arriving at the ISP maching running the shell
        account ?
    Would they use a Trojin Shell (or telnetd) on a shell account ?
    Would they inform the ISP and get his help or root access ?
2 - What methods could be put into place by the ISP or it's customers
    to help prevent this snooping activity ?
    Perhaps an alternative login method (like deslogin or idealogin)
        trying to protect data through the phone company and IP route
        to the target machine.
    Perhaps having a crypto checksum on the shell (telnetd) to detect
        trojin software.
    Perhaps sendmail could public key encrypt mail on it's way to the
        customers directory.
    Perhaps just raising the customer awareness of security issues
        and methods at the ISP.  This could affect the mainstream
        user (joe sixpack) as well as the PGP user.
    Perhaps ISPs could offer a data archive service/site (foreign site)
        where data in the form of PGP encrypted E-mail can be saved and
        retrieved via a robot (something like majordomo).  That way,
        if your home computer breaks, burns, is stolen, or siezed. You
        can still retrieve your data at a later time.
Granted these methods do not prevent a determined attacker from squashing
an ISP cutomer.  However, it does raise the cost of the effort to single
out a user and attack him rather that grab cleartext from everyone.

@_date: 1995-10-20 09:46:32
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Don't Kill the Messenger--A New Slant on Remailers 
There could be a risk based messgae market here.  That is what the Futures market is about speculation and hedging (buging and selling risk). What is
a risky message in one country may be acceptable in another.
        >id QQzlzw04926; Wed, 18 Oct 1995 13:06:48 -0400
I like the Mail Delerery Service idea combined with user selectable
I would also like to see the merging of different message transmission
technology using gateways.  We have gateways... Fidonet to/from internet,
email to newsgroup, and Telegram to (snail) mail.  Would it not be
beneficial to add other gateways such as email to snail mail, email
to fax, fax to email, snail mail to email, and CB to email.
Remailers are in place in the RF world.  They are called repeaters or
transponders.  They perform the function of taking a weak signal and
boost it's power so that a larger group of receivers can pick up the
signal.  Ham radio has (vhf ?) repeaters in metropolitan areas.  Satellites
use transponders allowing the signal to be sent from horizon to horizon.
(this already has potential problems.  Hughes is comming out with a
product called DirectPC. I believe it allows you would transmit over a slow
modem but receive high data rates from a satellite.  I guess if you just look
at or edit some crypto source code from your shell account, it would be exported
as far as the satellite horizon as a byproduct of being sent to your display).
Does it not make sense for some kind of listening post to be set up to
take messages sent via Satellite, Ham radio, or CB and either place them
in a newsgroup or an archive site or a mail delivery service?  Transmitting
your anonymous e-mail by CB would be kind of nice.
Some of these RF modes are highly regulated. I believe that Hams
already have packet radio but cannot encrypt data and are accountable
for all the data being sent on their transmitter.  CB seems less regulated
, perhaps because of it's limited power and range. (this would change
with an internet repeater.)
I don't know about satellite regulation, but recall some CNN broadcast out
of Bagdad with a portable transmitter during Desert Storm.  Perhaps that kind
of equipment will be cheap and available in the future.  Is public access
limited to cable?
-Tom Rollins

@_date: 1995-09-08 09:22:24
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Scientology tries to break PGP - and fails? 
I took a look at the FACTNet web page.  There is a file encrypted with
PGP using the "-c" option.  They are asking for people to help guess
the Pass Phrase.  Why would anyone bother if they had no clue that the
file contained anything 'interesting'.
If this is the file that the Co$ is trying to crack, then what the
is being asked for is a pass phrase that can be handed to the Co$ that
will pass the PGP valid key check and still not decrypt the data to
anything usefull.
If Larry Wollersheim does have the valid key.  It would be a simpler
process to know what fake key to use and work it backwards through
the MD5 to arrive at an ascii string to produce the fake key.
Too bad this wouldn't be plausable for the secret ring.  Perhaps PGP
needs an option to specify the key in Hex and make the process easy.

@_date: 1995-09-08 10:40:11
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Scientology tries to break PGP - and fails? 
Ooops, I see what you mean.  It is funny !
I simply did not take this at face value.

@_date: 1995-09-14 07:48:21
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Scientology tries to break PGP - and 
This area of court ordered key disclosure is troubling.
I assume that failure to do so would be punished by
"contempt of court" much like a reporter that refuses
to reveal his information sources. (Jail or Fine until
the person complies with the order).
If you have PGP encrypted messages on your disk which
are encrypted to other people.  Is this a libality ?
Normally, you have no way to decrypt this data.
After looking at a PGP 'Hack' which allows the message
to be encrypted with a session key different from the
session key encrypted in the RSA header using someones
public key.  Your data could thus be encrypted in a PGP
message to someone without using the session key specified
in that RSA header.
This someone else may or may not exist.  You may have
created a key pair and discarded the secret key.
It would then seem that you could be found in "Contempt of
Court" because you could not come forward with a private
key belonging to someone other than yourself.
