
@_date: 1998-03-20 09:56:28
@_author: Tryit 
@_subject: WS_FTP Pro 5.0 from Ipswitch, Inc. Now Available! 
Dear Joe:
FILE TRANSFER OVER THE INTERNET JUST GOT EASIER!
As a user of WS_FTP Limited Edition from Ipswitch, you know that file
transfer between your local PC and a remote FTP server is a breeze.
We're happy to announce the availability of WS_FTP Pro 5.0, with a
CHOICE of user interfaces.  Select the all-new, easy-to-use Windows
Explorer interface, the classic WS_FTP Pro interface, or both and
transferring files over the Internet just got easier!  Powered by the
same reliable WS_FTP engine, the new Windows Explorer interface
-  Seamless integration with Microsoft Windows Explorer
-  Support for "remote-to-remote" transfers
WS_FTP Pro 5.0 also provides the following functions and benefits not
found in WS_FTP LE:
-  Drag-and-drop capability between windows
-  Auto re-get of failed file transfers
-  Preserved date and file time on transfer from remote
-  Prompt for overwrite of same or newer files
-  Won't transfer old or same files during directory transfers
-  Product manual plus telephone or e-mail technical support FREE FULL-FEATURED EVALUATION DOWNLOAD
Learn a lot more about WS_FTP Pro 5.0 by visiting our Web site at:
While you're there, download a free evaluation copy to check out the
impressive new features of WS_FTP Pro 5.0.
And once you download the software you will be automatically entered
into our Download to Win contest.  You may be the lucky winner of a free
copy of WS_FTP Pro 5.0.  Install and win today!
ORDER NOW
WS_FTP Pro 5.0 is available for just $37.50.  Purchase it electronically
through our on-line store, by phone (1-800-793-4825), or simply print
and return our Web-based fax-back order form:
Finally, we want to thank you for your interest in WS_FTP Pro and other
great Ipswitch products.
P.S.  This message is intended as a service to Ipswitch customers and
visitors to our Web site.  To be removed from any future mailings please
reply with DELETE in the subject line. Ipswitch, Inc.
81 Hartwell Ave.
Lexington, MA 02173
Phone: (781) 676-5700
Fax:  (781) 676-5710
Web:     E-mail:  sales at ipswitch.com
Check out our Web site for more information on these exciting Ipswitch
-  IMail Server for Windows NT - Internet Messaging
-  WhatsUp Gold - Enterprise Network Monitoring
-  WS_Ping ProPack - Internet Utilities
-  VT320 Telnet and TNHOST Terminal Emulators
