
@_date: 1994-08-15 18:22:28
@_author: Zipper 
@_subject: ecash-info 
Thanks.  I send e-mail to the digicash.support.nl with no luck.  After you
responded, I was interested enough to web out to them until a core dump
dropped me back to reality.  I FTP'd some of their promotional stuff including
Chaum's articles.
For the most part I have been lurking and thought e$ would be nothing more
than a pipe dream, until I saw the beta testing msgs.  Now I am a little more
interested and I am looking for any and all additional research I can find.
I think it would be kinda nifty to come up with some kinda' experimental
beta test here in the States.  I'll do some headscratching and see with
what I can find out.
I will CC relevent messages to the list.
Only, any system I develop would have to have a centralized database
to prevent double-spending and fraud.  I don't quite understand how
they are going to work around such a problem, and I can probably
surmize why the total lack of response from them.

@_date: 1994-08-19 16:09:53
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
money for a no-transaction cash system.  With credit cards and checks there is a transaction trail that you can follow to spot and get rid of
fraud.  For someone in the banking community who is used to giving out
paper transaction slips and taking deposit slips, I think it is a frightning
It depends on what kind of hardware/software you are attempting to set up.  Will it be a replacement to ATM and credit cards or would it be a concurrent
working solution? (ie, is a merchant who has just spent $1000 on a spiffy POS
machine that read checks, takes every credit card in existance, and ATM cards going to want to junk his equipment for a smart-card reader?) .
I think at this point, it is pretty obsurd to think that everyone will be
carrying around thier 486 laptop to act as a "representative" for their
smart card. If it is going to work:
Chaum writes (sciam.txt available via ftp at: digicash.nl):
      Blinded electronic bank notes protect an individual's privacy, but
      because each note is simply a number, it can be copied easily. To
      prevent double spending, each note must be checked on-line against a
      central list when it is spent. Such a verification procedure might be
      acceptable when large amounts of money are at stake, but it is far too
      expensive to use when someone is just buying a newspaper. This was as I said in my earlier post-- that I would include an  online-verification to make sure notes are real and not double-spent.

@_date: 1994-12-03 10:57:48
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: PGP on a VAX 
According to Jeff at ViaCrypt, they have yet to start working on an "official" version of PGP on the VAX.  However, if you get the source
code you will no doubt see the MMS and VAX assembly language files (*.MAR).
I attempted to get it to compile but couldn't.  You are going to have
to edit the files to add a few header files, even with the MMS file.
I was toying with the idea of starting to work on a port to OpenVMS
so it will run on an alpha, but there are some issues reguarding commercial
usage that I'm somewhat leery of (I use this account almost soley as a
personal account, yet the company pays for it...).  I've even stopped using PGP several months ago for personal use until I can scrap up enough money for a real-live-registered-professional copy.
Does anyone have any input as to ViaCrypts windows PGP application?  Is
this any good?
If you need any help, send me e-mail I'll be happy to do this for you.
I guess compiling code for someone else won't violate the license

@_date: 1994-12-09 15:07:54
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: Breaking the NSA 
Or then again maybe they were chopped up in little pieces and are buried
in a hefty-sinch sack somewhere in the Nevada desert.  Or maybe they were
forced to watch an endless stream of bad T.V. sitcoms like T.J. Hooker
until thier brains melted and ran down the sides of thier faces.  Or
maybe they just commited suicide becuase they just couldn't deal with
all of the guilt...

@_date: 1994-12-12 16:45:58
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: Real-time surveillance of the police 
Its already here.  Its a show called COPS.  My brother (the black sheep)
used to watch it quite a bit before he became one (a cop, not a sheep).
More and more police cars here in Texas are becomming equiped with
video cameras.  Some of the stuff is just unreal, although I prefer
the subtle comical tones of one who is under the influence of minde
altering subtences.
Actually, it usually gives them more credibility in court.  I had the
pleasure of going to court for a traffic violation to try to plead guilty so they would cut the fine in half at the local court house.
What I saw amazed me.  I saw person after person trying to defend
themselves.  They had a police officer referring to his notes, while
the government's lawyer quickly won every case.  He would ask
some simple questions such as, what was the color of the car, etc.
and the judge would just fine the defendant guilty.
UNTIL, someone came in with his own lawyer.  I asked him why he brought a lawyer and he had apparently received a few too many
tickets (DUIs) and could loose his license.  Anyway, this case
started just as the others had.  Poor guy, I thought, he's going
to loose his license and have to pay this lawyer too.  But then
just as soon as the officer started to read from his note pad,
his lawyer yelled, "OBJECTION!  your honor... *please*".
To which the judge replied, "your right, " pointed to the officer
and told him to put away the notes.  After that, he just jumped
all over the officer.  He went nuts when the officer said he
smelled alcohol on his client and even brought in a chemist to
testify on the properties of alcohol (which is oderless).  To make a long story short, the guy was guilty, but it was thrown out because of the officer.
I say this becuase I am tired of hearing about court cases who
put the victims on trial rather than the criminals.  I would
like to see a criminal deny video tape.  [ much omited..]
Given an effective range of a few miles, your devices must be operating
in the 220MHZ + range of freqs (??) and at relatively low power?
Actually, if you've ever gone on a fox hunt with some amateur radio
buffs you would quickly find a problem with this.  I'm sure on more
than one occasion a fox-hunter has driven several miles only to
find that the signal he is tracking is being reflected off of a building or lake.
Although I do recall that there was talk of a cellular telephone company
(in Chicago??) was working on a software modification to do essentially
this.  I don't know if they are doing it now, but I remember some of
the details... the three closest repeaters would triangulate your possition down to the city block.  The police were either very interested
or very happy with this... I don't remember which...

@_date: 1994-11-28 10:09:47
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: School Admins 
What kind of AIX box?  I have an IBM RT/PC running an old version of AIX
at home, and might have access to a RISC/6000 if I need it.  Tell me what kind of machine you are running and I will dump the executables somewhere you can get it.
... if you want it.

@_date: 1994-11-28 10:40:56
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: PGP for VMS 
I have never gotten PGP to compile on either AXP or
VAX.  I briefly glanced at the assembly language
routines, but did little else since I had access
to PCs and Alphas running OSF.
Has anyone gotten this to compile?

@_date: 1994-11-29 14:56:29
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: Jeff @ViaCrypt 
Please excuse the bandwith.  Earlier today I had a conversation with Jeff who claimed to be from ViaCrypt.  I was in a hurry to attend a
lunch/meeting and forgot to get his internet address.  Could someone
point me in the right direction?

@_date: 1994-09-09 16:30:58
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: Title VII v. Liberty 
In my last position there were 43 women working and 2 men.  I was one of those
men.  Not to flame, but what is the motivation for claiming massive discrim-
ination exists?  I have worked with a wide array of people from many different
countries, ethnic backgrounds, and sexual orientation.  I have never been
in a situation where I believe someone else was descriminated against. As far as descrimination goes, I am a white male just out of high school.  I
applied for government grants but uncle sam thought my unemployed father was
just too rich.  While my minority friends were getting grants and loans,
I was forced to get a job and work my way through community college.
I'm not complaining-- Two years later, I am now a Systems Engineer
for Telecheck International (and they are going to pick up the tab for my
tuition), programming on a myriad of computer operating systems (VMS, OpenVMS,
OSF, AIX, and MS-DOS) in C, C++ and assembly language, while my friends are
still trying to figure out what they want to major in.
I just get really frustrated when I hear about  is being
discriminated against.  More often then not its just used as a justification
for government funding, an excuse for a light prision sentence, or to gather
a few liberal votes at the polling place.  I have never felt that whinning about discrimination or making excuses will get you anywhere.  Just the other day I was reading the Business section of the Houston Chronicle, in which a Clinton administrative official was quoted as saying,
"its OK to fire whites to promote ethnic diversity."  My interpritation
of this is that its OK to fire people because of thier skin color.  I thought
this was illegal.                             I am scared of the day when I go into a job interview and before I am
able to shake the CEO's hand he stops me from proceeding futher by saying,
"I'm sorry we've already hired our white person for this quarter.  We were
looking for a asian woman.  Or perhaps a black homosexual.. we'll get bonus points for that!"

@_date: 1995-08-05 23:41:42
@_author: turner@telecheck.com 
@_subject: PC E-cash (NewsClip) 
I'm suprised that they check, since most counterfeiters don't usually do bills
less than $20, due to the costs associated with printing high quality counterfeited bills.
I remember seeing a documentry film on counterfeiting money (don't remeber
the title, sorry), and a few Wall Street Journal articles on the subject.  Some high points:
  1.  	The U.S. dollar costs more than a dollar to print up, not counting
 	distribution.  The paperstock is made out of cotton.. blaa, blaa..
  2.   The same company that supplies the U.S. Treasury with paper stock for
 	countries have elaborate watermarks and multiple colors to make ,    3. 	The U.S. currency is made of a very special color of ink.  They made
  4.   The Central Intelligence Agency sometimes prints up foreign currency
 	million dollars worth of English currency was found in a river On a related note, there is a company that makes a device which will verify
U.S. bills which is used in banks (mostly in the middle east).  CNN did a spot on this last year. You sniffed the magic currency pen, in the interests of scientific discovery, right? :-)

@_date: 1995-08-09 10:27:10
@_author: turner@telecheck.com 
@_subject: Dir.Byway Virus (NewsClip) 
Seems like a good-press piece for a small anti-viral software
company.  Just one small pick to nit:
anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com said:
What?  Toolkit?  A virus toolkit?
Windows NT has an abstracted and object oriented design.  User mode
programs no longer have access to the hardware (ie., you no longer
have access to the boot sector, and cannot hook an interrupt).  In
short, viruses are much less likely to function under NT, yet these
blood-sucking people can't wait to introduce software for it...

@_date: 1995-08-09 17:05:47
@_author: turner@telecheck.com 
@_subject: Bank Fees and E-Cash 
I have no love for most banks, and have experienced your senario on at
least two seperate times...  In fact, I tried to deposit a cashiers
check from another bank to open a CD in one bank, and they had to "hold"
the check for one week.  I can imagine holding it so I don't start
forging checks on a forged cashiers check, but on a 30 day CD?  Ugh.
unicorn at access.digex.net said:
My bank charges me a flat rate of $2/month +$1/month for producing
an image copy of my checks.  It took me a while to find it, but I
did.  Its called shopping.
unicorn at access.digex.net said:
Not to pick nits, but TeleCheck probably won't get involved until
1-2 months after the checks were bounced (UNLESS the checks are reported
stolen, then we will attempt to shut you down), and usually only if the merchants were guarantee customers (we will pay the merchant for
a bad check he/she accepts based on a TeleCheck approval).  Furthermore,
if you write a bad check on a customer of SCAN (TeleCheck's evil
competitor), we won't think twice about you.  Secondly, most banks will automatically resubmit checks several
times to cover temporary short falls.
unicorn at access.digex.net said:
Unfortunately, what most people term e-cash isn't e-cash.  The problems
associated with bringing up the electronic equivalent of cash are
gigantic.  I for one, have a new found respect for Chaum and the rest of
the pioneers in the field.
Citibank and MasterCard are developing an "internet" ways for you to use your credit cards, not e-cash.  Microsoft is developing ways to pipe that
information to them.  These are not going to solve the problem, especially
at 18.9% A.P.R...

@_date: 1995-12-04 11:30:15
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: [POINTER:] Crypto Articles in Dr. Jobbs Journal 
For non Dr. Jobbs subscribers:
Dr. Jobbs Journal has several articles on encryption,
including an article by Ian and Dave on the Netscape crack, multiple encryption, and using MD5 for passwords.
Also, there is a very interesting article by the author of Applied
Cryptography (the Big Mac himself), looking at differential and linear
cryptoanalysis of the DES algorithm.
There are also some compression articles as well.

@_date: 1995-12-04 12:46:38
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: [POINTER:] Crypto Articles in Dr. Jobbs Journal 
Sorry for the brain fart.  I've been up without sleep for a very long
time...  Ever since I attempted to attend the Austin CP meeting which
didn't take place, then I was in Dallas most of yesterday and last night.
I am running on nicotine, caphine, and....  Its *Dr. Dobbs Journal.*  Appologies to the publishers and for those who are sending
me corrections...

@_date: 1995-12-12 14:50:02
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: In pursuit of the perfect frisbie (was NSA flying disk...) 
<..snip..>
I also tried the public affairs department of the National Security
Agency at (301) 688-6524, with no luck.  They gave me the number of
the technology transfer office.  From then on out it was nothing but
busy signals.  (I guess there are many c'punks hammering them with phone calls...)
I spoke with Mr. Cisco for several minutes, but he stated that the
NSA would not be at any trade shows in the Southern United States
any time soon.  He did state that they would be in Salt Lake, sometime
in the near future.
In a fit of dispair, I called the local branch office of the Central
Intelligence Agency only to get an answering machine, in an attempt to
get the number for public affairs office.  (Maybe they have a cool
flying disk...)  I called the direct number for the Central Intelligence Agency and was grudingly transferred to the public affairs office.  I was then given the number to the store that sells CIA stuff
at (703) 821-1414. [sigh] They don't have frisbies, but they do have the official CIA
shot glasses...

@_date: 1995-12-13 05:53:57
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: [NOISE] anti-copy 
futplex at pseudonym.com said:
Not to pick nits, but I was deeply into cracking^h^h^hbacking up software in the 80's, when I got my first Apple II complete with
4K of RAM.
There are several schemes of copy protection that were used, like strange
sector/track interleaving, and burning the floppies with lasers to
render certain sectors unreadable/writable.  The program would attempt
to read that area of the disk, and if it couldn't it was on the original
media.  Of course, this was in the days before 20MB MFM drives became the rage,
when Woz was king.
I guess the only way for a program to know if it was a copy
would be to have itself figure out what track/sector it is on and inject
and/or compare that information into the executable.  But since this information is no longer easy to come by as operating systems become more protected, this wouldn't be viable.  Especially if you take into
account that disks go bad, and backups are needed.
More importantly, it would be very easy to hunt down and replace with NOPs.  More so than taking out the dreaded, "enter the phrase on line
3 on page 25 on your manual..."
To summarize, its possible (under _some_ operating systems), but it is not a good solution to the problem.

@_date: 1995-12-15 04:40:01
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
sandfort at crl.com said:
 Taken aback?  Its only going to get worse in the future.  As Telcos, credit
card companies, etc., start looking for new ways to make money I think selling information about you will increase dramatically.
Just think, with new and improved "interactive TV" you will be able to
get commercials tailored to your purchasing habits (A doctor would get
an commercial for an expensive car, while Joe Sixpacks would get the Ford
You might be the victim of the CD-ROM phone-book people, but I doubt it
if you have a new address (the versions lag 6+ months).  Telcos like Soutern Bell and South Western Bell are now offering directory lookup service to corporate customers on a per-lookup charge.  I think we signed on for our collections department to find delinquent individuals.
Perhaps even more frightening is that we now access to account information
from the Star network.  With your I.D., we can do a hit to see if your account is still open, closed, overdrawn, or in good standing.  I wonder
how long it will be before it is repackaged giving account balances.
... be afraid...

@_date: 1995-12-15 08:19:32
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
jpp at software.net said:
I checked.  Its nice, with a nice selection of products.  However, this
misses the point I didn't make in the first place -- should a company or a group of individuals be allowed to have access to information about you?  If so, where do you draw the line? How much is too much?
Another thought also occurred to me.  The thread that wouldn't die,
something about tracking people with metal detectors, currency, metalic
thread in currencies, etc... If you write a check at a TeleCheck merchant, (in most cases) we know it immediately.  Now take Visa, MasterCard,
Discover, American Express, they know when you use their cards, location
and all.  Now, you want to be totally anonymous and live on cash only, right?
If you cash a check at a TeleCheck merchant, guess what... What if through information brokering, or by government intervention it
became profitable to sell this information on a real-time basis?  What
ramifications would this have?  "I see here Mr. so-and-so that you bought
some fertilizer.  We also have reciepts for gasoline, oil, and beef jerkey. would you mind comming with us?... we seem to be below our quota this month for bombing suspects..."
This really doesn't bother me all that much.  Its the possibility of fraud
and misuse that is possible.  The more information I have about *YOU*, the
easier it is for me to impersonate YOU.  Or at least cancel all of your
credit cards, and cause HaViC as the 3l33t3 D00dz say.
Ok, how about a real life demonstration...
Just this week, I called my bank to cancel an ATM card and order a VISA
cash card.  What did they need?  Social security number, my name, address,
account, and the maiden name of my mother.  Often they want less, but this
would be a good example.
Find someone you know.  And try to obtain the above information.  Just
for grins, try it.  Just remember to be creative, and remember, the government is you _friend_.  You may be suprised.  Better yet, start
applying for credit cards in this person's name.  It does count against them.
I got the same thing, complete with gift certificates to be used at the neighbourhood grocery stores.  I'm not complaining, although it is
annoying to go the the mail box to find the current issue of MSJ or DDJ
crumpled because the mail carier had to stuff advertisements into the
overflowing mailbox.  The funny thing is that when I lived with my parents I was named "Resident."

@_date: 1995-12-23 08:23:01
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: Houston C'punk gathering 
For C'punks in the Houston area, there will be an informal gathering at Strack's Restaurant, tomorrow at approx. 11:00 a.m.
I will attempt to get there a little early, and I will be the one with a red lamborghini countach on the table.  Just come up and sit down.  Strack's has a breakfast buffet which is reasonably priced, or at least it was the last time I went there.
Possible Topics for Discussion:
I will also be bringing the encryption algorithms used by VMS (the AUTODIN-II, Purdy with salted input, Purdy (Purdy V) with variable length username, and the Purdy (Purdy S) with additional bit rotation).  I have tested these under VMS 6.2 and they seem to work fine, although they could be (and should be) optimized for brute forcing.
I will also be bringing some password brute forcing code that utilize the system services to encrypt the password (and punch CPU usage through the roof).  It will crack a three character password in under a minute on a loaded AXP 3000LX.  I will also be bringing a copy of the infamous _Giant Black Book of Computer Viruses_ by Mark Ludwig.  Interesting stuff.  Directions (from Houston):
 	Take I-45 North.  You will pass 1960 and then will drive though a stretch of road riddled with construction barrels.  Do not exit Holzworth, but take the next exit (Louetta).  Get on Louetta (you will have to make a right turn and you will be on the overpass), and take the overpass west towards Tomball.
will be on your left, after you cross Kukendaul (approx. 1-2 miles at: (713) 866-0989.

@_date: 1995-02-03 13:42:54
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: re to hfinney 
PERL can be obtained via anon FTP:
 ftp.uu.net			137.39.1.9
 archive.cis.ohio-state.edu  	128.146.8.52
 jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov  	128.149.1.43
Get the source code and start compiling... :>

@_date: 1995-01-24 18:02:56
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: Windows email & pgp 
Yes, yet another WinSock E-mail program...
Lately, I have been trying out several mail programs for Windows, but have been sorely disappointed by their functionality. I was tired
of the annoying "please-send-me-money-now" windows popping up, programs that simply didn't work or worse, didn't work very well.
I have used many different mail programs on several platforms, and have yet to find one that I *really* like.  Elm would be the closest at this point, but it is annoying and time consuming to have to go through the pains of extracting a mail message, verifying signatures, etc.  As a
result, I have decided to write a SMPT mail program for Windows 3.x and
Windows NT (with WinSock) with PGP incorporated within it.
I felt that this is a great opportunity to spread the gospel about an undeniably practical use for encryption for the masses (sound familiar?),
somewhat in the vein that PGP was created by Zimmerman, and would like to solicit comments and/or suggestions for what to put in this program.  Additionally, any guidance as to what steps I should take to obtain the
appropriate licenses, etc., to legally integrate PGP into a program of this type would be greatly appreciated.
Here are my specifications/criteria:
 - Perhaps most importantly, it should work.  It should: send, receive,    and forward mail messages; allow the user to delete and organize mail    messages into folder files; support signature files; support kill    files; pipe messages to a user-written application (like setting an    mail alias under UNIX).  Will support RFC821 and RFC822.  Forward    files must also be supported.
 - PGP will be included into the mail program itself, provided I can get    the appropriate permissions to legally do so.  The mail program will    automatically check for PGP keyblocks, encrypted messages, and    signatures.  Signatures will be automatically checked (unless    unfeasible) and the user alerted when a signature does not match.     The user will be prompted when keyblocks are in messages, to see if    the user would want to add them to his/her keyring.
 - List management.  Due to the high volume of the cypherpunks list, and    other lists, I have noticed that I have sometimes been neglected in    answering personal e-mail simply because it gets lost in the noise.  If    you are on a list, and configure it (i.e., signify the cypherpunks at toad.com    as a mail-list), every message from that list will be marked as such.     Mail from a List, but addressed to you from another user (the list is CC:d)
   will be marked accordingly too.  The idea here is to quickly highlight    messages that courtesy dictate you respond.  I was also thinking of a
   groupie/worship mode, but I think this is just too much.
 - Remailer.  This will take some more thought, but I would like to give
   the mail program the ability to forward messages and stomping on the    return address, etc., essentially creating a one way remailer.  Future    versions will support more, but this is a good start.
I believe that all of the above mentioned topics have been touched on before, but would like suggestions for this implementation.
This windows mail program will be released in the same spirit as PGP, free for academic and non-commercial use;  I will not beg for money (but thank-you's and admiration will be accepted as will helpful criticisms).  I have already started hashing out the framework, but I will guestimate that
it will be roughly 15 weeks before anything usable is produced.  Beta testers

@_date: 1995-01-28 00:15:44
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: alt.religion.your.operating.system.sucks 
I mean no disrespect, but the attrocities commited by the aged
masters who wrote most of the operating systems are well documented.
I have run into this line of thinking in many occasions (my  is better than yours...), although it
it seems to be more of a sore spot to those who love thier compiler/
interpreter.  Most of these observations are made out of ignorance.
I get paid for programming under NT, windows, MS-DOS, VMS, RSX, and
UNIX, not insulting the designers or users.
Additionally, I deal with other people in other companies who love
thier AS/400s and IBM mainframes.  Hell there is even several programmers
here who go misty-eyed everytime the word Amiga is mentioned.
I bet there is even someone out there who believes that he/she could
write a GUI operating system in COBOL (if someone has accomplished this
I would love to see the punch cards...).
UNIX is a programmers environment.  It is very flexible, and you can
do just about anything you want to, provided you have the ability.  Spawning
processes and child processes are trivial, and much more efficent compared
to windows-NT and VMS.  Additionally, I don't know of too many operating systems where the source code is floating around.  I mean so what if it doesn't come with a pretty shrink wrapped package and a thick getting-started, if you have a question just go find the source code.  Geez.  And as far as a GUI, most of my work revolves around plain old ASCII.
X windows may be "standard" now, but it didn't stop SUN, DEC, etc., from
making their own proprietary (errr.. I mean "optimized") versions.  I don't know why there is so much whining about:     - My GUI interface sucks
 - Your GUI interface sucks
 - Your mother's interface sucks.
I see no reason to puke up this garbage other people.
VMS is more secure (interlock intrusion detection, etc.), but any operating system is only as strong as its users/administrators.  The one
thing I do not like about VMS is the way the system libraries are structured, but such is life.  I was not consulted when DEC was designing
the operating system.  Thier Xwindows system needs some work, but it does
NT is cool (if you are running on a 300MHz Sable).  I think it is
something special when you can run UNIX, Windows, and OpenVMS applications
simultaniously on the same box.  Can your operating system do that? Hell, for $3500 you can by a 166MHz alpha that will do this.
System 7 is great.  I just didn't like it.  I didn't like the way
I was isolated from the hardware, forced to take what the designers
thought I needed.  Just my preference.  Besides, Apple equipment was,
and still is overpriced (I should know I used to own several).
Windows isn't a true multitasking operating system, and besides its like
the old joke, Q: "how do you turn a 486/66 into a 286?" A: "run windows!". But like it or not, it is here to stay.  I do like programming under windows
over dos, simply because it is a pre-emptive operating system and forces
the programmers to write structured code (for the most part) to intercept
the messages.  But the serial driver code sucks.
PDP-11/RSX.  Ewww
MS-DOS.  If you want to write fast graphics, assembly is the way to go.
Windows just can't keep up.  Sure Micro$oft released win-G, but what's the
point.  Your operating system is so much better than mine are, as is your
keyboard, your mouse, etc.,
My point is that every operating system, programming language, or whatever
has benefits and detracting points.  If you want to continue this discussion,
I will be more than happy to create a list for it,.. then you can rant until
you fingers are bloody.

@_date: 1995-01-30 13:00:19
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: Where is the Line Between Public and Private Data? 
I found an interesting article in Beyond Computing.  The atricle,
entitled "Where Is the Line Between Public and Private Data?" written
by Dr. H. Jefferson Smith, may be of some interest to those on the list.
The article basically hashes over the Government's trend in selling data
about its citizens to companies.  While I knew various state agencies
sold driver's license data to credit card companies, I had no idea about
the depth of what is going on.
The U.S. Postal Service is selling the NCOA (National Change of Address)
data to credit card companies.  Some junk-mailing lists are also Drivers license data is used by marketing companies, to target specific
sections of the public (ie, people who wear glasses, short people,
--Begin Exerpt--
"Here's another example.  In 1992, it was reported that voter records in
a certain county were for sale on a CD-ROM disk (1.25 million voter
records were priced at $99).  The disk contained names, addresses,
phone numbers (in some cases, unlisted numberse), occupations, political
affiliations, birthplaces and birth dates.  Another company sold a CD
database that contained information from deed filings: the owner's name
and address, when the property was purchased, the number of bathrooms
and bedrooms in the house, the square footage and property assessments."
--End exerpt
What suprises me is that if had the first CD-ROM, it would be very
easy for me to apply for credit cards in other peoples names... I
shudder to think...
The article goes on to further explain the government's lusts over
private databases and "'The only reason you should fear the use of such
records is if you have something to hide' is an often-heard argument."

@_date: 1995-01-31 21:32:51
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: DON'T READ!--I'm leaving for Monte Carlo just in time 
Or worse, you could always tell the customs agents that he is Zimmerman.  Then he is almost assured to get harrased.

@_date: 1995-11-11 04:16:00
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: Yvette 
The chair is against the wall and the deer eats her beef jerkey
Greeting Camrade, I am glad to have finally been activated.  My first
order is to kill the person(s) who activated me.  Sorry tony, but
you must die.

@_date: 1995-11-14 06:12:04
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: Tenticle: Yvette and unsuscribe all news groups 
Hmm.. the tenticle has been sending my death threats; this
tenticle has a difficult time spelling "killed" correctly.
Instructions for creating your own tenticle:
telnet to vabeach.email.net and try to log into the unpassworded
account 'mm'.  This was obviously a BBS to increase the sysops
chances for landing a human date.  Hmmmm...

@_date: 1995-11-20 11:10:01
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: Recompiling PGP262i under microsoft. 
For those that might benefit, I have included some notes I have gained through my wanderings through PGPland, towards an easy PGP-mail program for Windows.  Below I have included sketchy details in compiling PGP under as an MS-DOS app, WIN16 DLL, and Win32 DLL. I won't be able to provide specific details, until I recover data from my backup tapes (I had a nasty drive failure, and have been lethargic in recovering).  I finally get my IBM PC/RT configured for TCP/IP and my PC explodes. :<. If anything here is wrong, or fuzzy, feel free to post corrections, etc., as this is all from my alcohol soaked, nicotine riddled brain. Compiling PGP under MSVC 1.5 & 2.x ========= === ===== ==== === = === To compile PGP under MSVC 1.5 (I believe there is a supplied Microsoft C make file that was written for Quick C) you will need to create a project and add the files necessary.  Be sure to include the already compiled RSAREF.LIB in the project files. Unfortunately, there is one very annoying problem with Microsoft Visual C, in which it will regenerate the dependencies from the source code files without preprocessing the   You will have to edit the make file and take out all of the UNIX sys/whatever stuff. I believe this is the biggest hurdle, but you might try using the Quick C make file, although I don't think it will work without modification (Microsoft seems disenchanted with compatibility, even between revisions of their own software). You may also have some trouble with type conversion, but I think its intuitive to overcome that. (its been a while...).  If anyone knows of
an easier way to do this, I will be more than happy to listen. Compiling RSAREF as a DLL under MSVC ========= ====== == = === ===== ==== This is easy, but you may have trouble with the dependencies again.  The most important thing is to create a .DEF file and put all of the export declarations in there.  Unless you plan on rewrite PGP to load the DLL dynamically, simply link against it so save a few headaches (remember you still need a .DEF file or you will get unresolved errors!). Compiling PGP as a Windows DLL ========= === == = ======= === I was able to find someone in Australia (sorry, the name eludes me at the moment) who managed to port PGP to a Windows DLL, under Borland C.  I only installed Borland C++ 4.0 today, so much of my work/play has been targeted towards Microsoft Visual C++ 1.5/2.0 under NT (besides I was waiting on PGP3.0). If anyone wants these files (for Borland) I will send them out when I recover them (hopefully).  It includes modifications to no more than three files, and includes both reentrant and non-reentrant entry points.  I also have the mail program (MAPI) that this guy wrote in executable form.  He was very careful about the Austrailian equivalent of the ITAR, so he would only send the modified files, which I will pass on for those who are interested. If you want to do the same thing under MSVC, the same changes apply. Hope that help some. -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-10-28 02:45:50
@_author: Joe Turner 
@_subject: e-mail, business and privicy 
Unless otherwise notified, I believe you have a right to privacy.  Some companies are up front and make you sign a
piece of paper to the effect that when your at work... Here at TeleCheck, we had to sign a piece of paper that promised
that we wouldn't read each *other's* mail, after a nasty incident
in which involved an employee and forged mail ardently confessing
is new found homosexuality (boy was be suprised...).  But that
was a long time ago, which predates the notices we had to sign.
The point was clear.  Don't read your supervisor's mail or you will be
terminated (as an employee was).

@_date: 1995-10-31 00:32:16
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: Pinkerton Risk Assessment & "Security 2000" 
blancw at accessone.com said:
The Deptartment of State has the same information available on Compu$erv
and possibly the internet.
Perhaps more importantly, this information is also available for free
on the Internet.

@_date: 1995-09-18 12:29:14
@_author: turner@telecheck.com 
@_subject: (noise) Re: SPAM bait 
I'm no lawyer (and probably wouldn't admit to it if I was.. ;) ) but
in most states there are laws restricting advertisement wherein the
target of the advertising does not have to pay for the privledge of
being advertised to.  I beleive this came about right after FAX machines
started taking off, and people were sending out advertisments wasting
fax paper and jamming telephone lines.
Can't this be applied to the internet?  I believe someone sued Visa
when he was forced to receive junk e-mail on CompuServe (I think he
even won.) Anyone have any info on this?

@_date: 1996-01-05 07:17:33
@_author: turner@TeleCheck.com 
@_subject: hi peter! 
Is it my imagination or is someone posting a FreeBSD kernel configuration
binary to the list?
fb at sponsor.octet.com said:
fb at sponsor.octet.com said:
