
@_date: 1997-07-02 04:40:08
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
The difference is that there are no borders on the internet.  I can't move
a physical storefront, nor an account at a local bank, but my virtual
website and e-receipts can be 12 timezones and one hemisphere distant in a
few minutes.  Or even spread across 12 timezones and two hemispheres :).
Just starting with strong crypto in the sense of things like PGP, add
anonymous broadcast and M of N secret splitting and if the mind recovers
from the mathematical boggle, the societal implications will be there to
ponder.  If money or ownership of property is data, it will be
uncontrollable in a few years, if that.

@_date: 1997-07-04 00:02:13
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: PGP security problems? 
Never trust a country where the sheep are bipedal, especially when the
general policy is shearing is caring.

@_date: 1997-07-04 00:42:57
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Liberating the Bits 
Or the same technology can restrict usage - strongly encrypted software
that checks digitally signatured dates and stops upon expiration.  If you
don't want to honor the private contracts (licensing agreements where
applicable), then something else will replace them.  Maybe it will be free
software (which does work better than commercial software, but doesn't
always have the desired features).  Maybe it will be the technonightmare.
A great deal of evil can be committed, and the only difference is that now
"government" as we know it will be unable to control it.
Over 200 years ago, both the United States and France rid themselves of
their monarchy.  One ended in liberty, the other in anarchy, eventually
reinstalling a coercive government.  When the communists lost power in
eastern europe, many died from not obeying the sensible traffic laws.
I think it depends on how ethical the individual people will be when
confronted by the anarchy of the internet.  If I govern myself, I don't
need big brother to do it.  Might doesn't make right, it can only destroy
and not create, and at best merely preserve the peace.
Nor is it ethics in a pure, merely altruistic sense.  I want Phil
Zimmerman to be around and writing software.  For that to happen, it is in
my interest to contribute to him, either directly (PGP Inc. could be the
PGP foundation), or indirectly.  I want Linux to do certain things, so I
write them, and because of the free software ethic, I add my work to the
public pool - it would be more expensive to try selling it.  But I make
money by consulting and using the software that is available.
Although I believe there is nothing new under the sun, the breakdown of a
paternal/maternal enforcement entity called "government" will force a
change in society.  There will be a "new" ethical system, which is cause
for both hope and fear.

@_date: 1997-07-31 02:35:57
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
It would be interesting to know how they managed to do it.  The fine print
in the license says it cannot be exported from the US and Canada without a
license (which a second press release says they have, but doesn't say they
had to do anything to the program in order to obtain it).
PGP 5 uses CAST (and 3DES and IDEA), with DH/DSA/SHA (or MD5 or RIPEM, and
with an RSA backward mode).  Does anyone know which hash algorithm
Entrust/Solo uses? --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-06-03 04:33:28
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Creating a unique ID number for a dollar 
Theoretically they will replace old currency with new currency if they can
recover 75% or some such high value of the surface area.  Carefully cut
out the serial numbers and burn only them, then turn the damaged bills
back in for replacement (or give them away for someone else to do - I
think it is another one of those felonies to intentionally deface
You could also derive a number from the absolute time and location of the
issuer with a GPS device.

@_date: 1997-06-07 03:12:03
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Webpage picketing 
If I get spammed, one of my responses is to use a software agent to fill
out whatever response forms they have with nonsense that gets past their
filters.  Lynx has some very nice features for this.  Some sites charge by
the hit, so continually hitting a web page (so the counter is incremented) can also send the message.

@_date: 1997-06-10 05:24:01
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Access to Storage and Communication Keys 
Move all accounts that use corporate secured email to a secure local
server (e.g. per office), and do something like a procmail recipe that
will decrypt automatically and forward the plaintext to the recipient
(archiving as per policy).  If the messages need security, then they don't
leave the secured server and the accounts are such that I can't read other
people's mail directory and others can read mine.  All the keys are
generated and maintained on this server so passwords are controlled by
the administrator.
Or just have them use the encryption within the corporate standard word
processor, and spend the $100 or so for the 5-second cracking program.
You can automate security to prevent user's not following procedure
(saving encrypted files).  You can't do much about malice or creativity
(e.g. my PGP on my laptop).

@_date: 1997-06-11 03:02:30
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: My War 
Why not simply trace them down to something close to their identity, and
when confirmed, simply email the newspaper website nearest them.  Why rm
-rf when you can get whatever ID information from the very same hard
drive?  I think this would be a proper, proportional response since the
authorities will do more damage since it won't involve just the computer.

@_date: 1997-06-11 03:56:31
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) 
This assumes that supplying the craving for pictures will not increase the
desire to do acts in the real world enough to increase the number of acts
C.S. Lewis once described society as a convoy - and that there was little
disagreement about ships not running into each other.  But he also made
the point that it may be proper to require ships to be seaworthy so they
won't run a risk of running into other ships because they cannot avoid it.
Looking at synthetic child porn may be purely a thought crime, but it
involves breaking a lot of societal taboos.  If someone does not have the
self-restraint to not look at mere pictures, will they have the restraint
to avoid comitting actual crimes?  Pornography is not like reading Rosseau
or Locke since rational enlightenment is not the goal.
Logic != Emotion
But what happens when we deal with individuals who are entirely driven by
emotions, and by the basest emotions possible?
Although you can argue that people may be able to look without touching,
the reason they are looking in the first place involves a release of the
beast within.  How many such people are we willing to trust to keep that
beast on the chain.  The law is currently structured to answer "none" to
this question, and this may be the proper answer.
With guns and explosives, there is greater likelyhood that someone will
injure themselves or their own property on a destructive binge.  This type
of expression is more benign, though I don't think it represents the
better angels of our nature.  But I see no threat to me personally from
such people.
Similarly with most drugs - if the dealers could use the courts to settle
problems like stolen merchandise there would be less violence.  I might
demand someone go to a secure area before taking a drug which will deprive
them of their reason, and not be let out until it is recovered.
But I would not want to have someone leave the two components to a binary
nerve gas on a shelf, with the owner's promise that they will never fall
off and accidentally mix, or believe that the owner will never get angry
and decide to destroy something.  Something intrinsically capable of mass
destruction is also something that can be regulated.
Something that is in and of itself a turning away from reason and giving
in to emotion, and the ultimate destination of that path if it is followed
will result in injury to others, especially innocents, is something that
should be regulated.
This form of "information" is an addictive drug, with the side effect is
that it destroys others much more than it destroys the abuser, and it
doesn't wear off after a drying out period.  (Or could I suggest that they
could watch as much as they want in a secure area, but could not get out
unless they were chemically castrated?)
This does not mean that I am any less a civil-cyber-libertarian, since I
have even more problems with current enforcement of most laws.  That is a
different issue.  I am saying that it should be illegal, not how such laws
should be enforced, and not that we should shred the constitution in
pursuit of these people.

@_date: 1997-06-12 04:55:04
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) 
So, if "speech" can cause individuals in X to harm individuals in Y, there
is reason to prohibit it.
Then you probably find rape a noble deed.  I do not.  If you are referring
to the acts our net.loon often posts to this list, I hope you enjoy
placing yourself at his level.  My ideas originate above my limbic system.
Which is why we have Drivers Licenses, lame as they are.  There should be
far more education - Germany doesn't have the same problems, but their
higher speeds are accompanied by higher thresholds for licensing and a
different driving ethic.
At least Detroit didn't burn down because the Red Wings won.  I would hope
the police are at least worried about riot control, and last time I
checked, inciting a riot wasn't considered free speech.
The information on how to do demolition is available from the army, and
the ingredients were commonly available.  As was the truck he used to
transport it.  We can prevent many fires by an outright ban on gasoline. What item, if banned, would have prevented the act?
I thought libertarians thought any mere possession should not be a crime.
Within the edited section, I suggested something to this effect.  The
regulation should be such that they can do whatever act where I will be
safe from them.  If they are willing to spend their days in a "Molester's
Monastery", they can look at whatever they want.  You can drink all you
want, but then you cannot drive a car until you are sober.  Anyone willing
to quarantine themselves should be able to do what they want.  People who
want to go out into public have responsibilities.
Not off hand.  I also cannot back up the statement that I will die if I
drink a particular poison (since I may have a particular immunity) without
conducting the test.  Can you suggest how we may conduct such a test on
kiddie porn without threatening children?
No, I am an autoarchist not an anarchist.  I belive in self-control which
is the difference between liberty an license.  If liberty is given to
barbarians it will be lost for everyone.
I want cryptography available even though it makes child-porn easier to
hide for the same reason I want gasoline available although it makes arson
easier to commit.  But I do not have to be pro-arson to be pro-gasoline.
And I can differentiate between ideas (which are protected free speech),
and things without any such content.

@_date: 1997-06-12 09:55:30
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) 
Don't confuse Lust with Eros.
Lust is the desire for gratification at any cost, including one's own life
(in today's era of AIDS and yesterday's era of Syphillus, which is why it
is listed among the deadly sins).  Lust uses the other person for one's
own pleasure, and if the other is not willing doesn't care.
Eros, which is probably rare today, is the intimate and mutual exchange of
pleasure - the "other" is giving and receiving.  This is what has been
considered the noble form of sex, at least before today's revisionism.
But maybe everyone else on this list considers Lust "noble" and I am
merely old fashioned in believing in intimacy and self-giving and
self-control.  Does everyone believe that it is more noble to take what
you want at this moment than to give of yourself?

@_date: 1997-06-14 02:42:06
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
I think there is a confusion as to whether "The Net" is a public place or
not, and for most purposes it is.  When I say something in public, I
cannot expect it not to be repeated.  I should have no general right to
privacy in a public place.
When I email, if it is something I don't want to see posted everywhere, I
add a copyright notice of some sort - nonredistribution as a condition of I don't think it is considered a breach of the first ammendment not to
allow a newspaper to serialize a book without compensating the author,
even if the book is available at a library.  And lots of things are
considered copyrighted without having the circle-c affixed to it. Libertarian means as much finding out about the rules and taking
responsibility for your acts (including unintentional publication), as
having rights.  If a site says they will not redistriubte the information,
and then does, it is a form of fraud.  If they don't say, or if they say
they do redistriubte data, it is up to me if I want to send them the data.
I think many people are uninformed, and simply want to use software
without spending the time figuring out what is going on, so it would help
if the various browsers had better Privacy settings (e.g. Lynx asks me if
I want to accept a cookie, yes, now, always, never, but my current
Netscape just has an Always - Warn (but if I cancel, the transfer stops) -
There is a minimal right to be informed that the browser allows collecting
all this data, and how to disable it.  I can't force people to read the
manuals, but I don't think it is proper to hide the anti-surveillence
controls on software, and disable them by default.
If a misunderstood or malicious application posted all the data in your
financial files without your knowledge and consent do you think you
shouldn't be able to stop someone else from passing along that information
since you let it leave your computer? Give people an informed choice.  Consent isn't possible without knowledge,
and if people know what is going on, they can decide what data they
will allow to leave their computer for public cyberspace.

@_date: 1997-06-14 03:04:10
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: There's no general right to privacy -- get over it, from Netly 
Today the Nazi's would simply pay Experian (was TRW) for their databases. I think the IRS already does. Private databases collect a lot of data that I am not asked about, or from
government, or that I am required to turn over (e.g. Government requires a
taxpayer ID number to open a bank account, so I can't shop for a bank that
offers privacy as an option, but they will then turn around and give the
information to the databasers).  Since the Government is the origin of the
Social Security Number, and requires its use in many instances, there
should be a law that I should be able to remove any government-required
information removed from any non-governmental-required database.  This may
restrict my access to things like credit (they have the right to say, no
SSN, no credit, which is where I differ with most privacy advocates), but
I should have that choice.
Right now, the lines are too fuzzy.  I think government and private
databases should be disjoint.  Otherwise "private databases" are just a
way for government to evade any restriction on collection or use.
And do they have the right to hold stale or inaccurate data?  And can they
use fraudulent means of obtaining it, or archive data obtained by such

@_date: 1997-06-14 06:33:32
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Ray Just doesn't get it. 
One important distinction:
If the state issues me a permit, they probably have a right to the
information pertaining to the permit, e.g. they do need the make, model,
year, and similar information about the car to issue a title or
registration.  If they are issuing state ID, they need to know that I am
me in order to issue it.  They don't need to place my mother's maiden name
into the record although I think it appears on my birth certificate, and
would cause problems since this is used as an informal password.  My
driver's license is a permit to drive, not a permit to be me.  You can
make a case for the database containing my age, but date of birth?  Much
of what appears is not necessary for the purpose stated. So are you making the case for having the state ask every detail about
your life and being able to place it in the licensing database, or only
answers to those questions relevant to issuing the license?

@_date: 1997-06-15 03:15:40
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: This is NOT trespassing. 
(curiously the author gave the above return address, but since it is more or less on-topic)
I can choose to pay extra for commercial-free channels.  The commercials
are added by the broadcasters, and I can choose which broadcasters I
watch.  I can also rent commercial free videotapes.  Don't confuse paying
for a Media Player with payment for (or commercial subsidy of) Media.
The PTA is stealing my money since I don't ride the bus, but I am forced
to pay taxes to support it.  I would be willing to end the government
monopoly on public transportation, and offer both ad-free and ad-bearing
jitneys with a price per ride reflective of the difference in cost.
Again, my newspaper or magazine is free to offer an ad-free version at a
different price.  I subscribe to several newsletters which are completely
without advertisement.  Again, it is my choice.
You forgot to mention books.  I didn't notice any ads between the pages of
the last three I read - something must be wrong or left unexploited.
No, Media suppliers make decisions whether to sell pure media, or media
with ads, and it is their strategy to maximize profit.  I "pay" for the
ads by not paying extra for the media.
Advertisements in public spaces are a form of speech.  It does not invade
my space (though here billboards are taxed) - I go into a space where
speech occurs, it doesn't invade my space.
Because I am not contracting with anyone for a reduced cost for an email
box with advertisements (FYI there are services with email addresses for
"free" that also tack on ads to messages).  My email box is not part of
the public space, merely connected to it.
I don't object to web pages with ads (closer to the above examples) - it
is the author's choice whether or not to have ads, and my choice whether
or not to go to the web page.  (I would object to pages constructed so as
to display only an ad first, then redirect me to the actual content I
requested). Why should AIR be different?  Why should I not be able to drive a car that
belches toxic fumes, and build a plant that pollutes the air - it is just
as much my "public" air, as it is yours, and you will have to pay for my
activities with only a little of your health.
The Spammer is not part of the transaction between me and my ISP, but
pollutes my space with something I don't want.
You are not part of the transaction between the automaker and myself, nor
between me and the customers of my plant, so why should you have a say
even though my polluted air would invade your space?  Close your door and
buy a HEPA filter if you don't like it.  It is the same type of problem
(an externality in economic terms).
I don't think there should be a law, but if I have have a property right
in my email account, but enforcement is difficult or spotty, I can attempt
to initiate a boycott of the ISP and NSP as I might do with a socially
irresponsible company which endangers me by polluting the air.  If I don't
have such a right, then neither does the email accounts of the ISP and NSP
of the spammer, and they can decide whether or not to supply network
services to the spammers and live with the problems the counterspamming
will create for them, just as I have to live with the spam.
As a specific example:  If AGIS fails to control cyberpromo (for now they
seem to be succeeding), then if everyone forwards spam to
everyone at agis.net (the email scanners work both ways), at some point it
will cost more to agis to deflect the counterspam (and complaints on their
toll-free lines) than the money it gets from cyberpromo, and other
customers using AGIS could be encouraged to drop them and choose a more
"responsible" carrier, or agis can be deleted from routing tables.  They
will either have to insure cyberpromo acts responsibly or stop being their
provider. This will not eliminate the problem, but will make it uneconomic in most
cases to spam - if the account is almost instantly cancelled, the only
response would be a mailing address or phone number, and most people won't
call (unless it is toll free), and most people won't print out the form,
so the cost of the spam will exceed any profits generated, and thus it
will stop.
No government need get involved.

@_date: 1997-06-16 23:14:22
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Impact of Netscape kernel hole 
There is a windows console version of Lynx now.  You won't see the dancing
java ads, but will see your quotes.  If you want fancy tables, I have an
awk script which renders them.  A few more stupid AWK tricks (cygnus.com
has most GNU stuff ported), and you can type "getquote msft"  and have the
info without the ads appear.  And if "lynx -source" is too big, I have a
tiny URL to stdout program (which supports user/pass and SSL!).  It is
running now in a timed script that displays the quotes I want to a
virtual console.
Become an iconoclast, and crawl into a shell.

@_date: 1997-06-24 05:45:23
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: New PGP signatures 
They could have supported RSA/SHA if they wanted to.  They also put 3DES
and IDEA support as options in the manual (but not in the freeware or
tryit versions that I can see).
I hope the international generic version - after it is scanned and
modified - has many useful "upward compatible" options which will refuse
to interoperate with the commercial windows/mac version. And then someone can write an interoperability spec and the next version
of everything will talk to everything else.

@_date: 1997-06-24 06:06:24
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Sources for stego images, was re: Laying PipeNet 
Or, set up your own webcam "to watch your coffee pot twice a minute" or
something. Merge the crypto stream through the gifs after tweaking the
brightness and contrast to avoid 0 and 255 (a light fixture with a pattern
of 254/255 values gets suspicious, and is not from thermal noise - a
"problem" with monochrome quickcams for night photography).
Then do something like
  lynx -source webcam.x.y/images/coffee.gif | destegodecrypt >>reconstruct
every 30 seconds (with some kind of dropout correction).  [lynx is a
textmode browser that works well for these types of things].
Or even an AVI for both video and sound stego.

@_date: 1997-06-24 06:58:20
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: new money systems 
Money is different than "wealth"
Start with "Money Mischief" by Milton Freidman for an interesting look at
the role of money.
Money has three functions:
1. as a medium of exchange (as opposed to barter)
2. as a store of wealth
3. as a measure of value (1 cow = $X, 1 sheep = $Y, 1 pig = $Z, instead of
   1 cow = 3.6 sheep).
If anyone was to adopt a 1920's lifestyle (few cars, no telephone or
electricity, no indoor plumbing in many places) they would have plenty
left over.  As long as consumption is the goal, you can keep working
longer to satisfy more marginal wants.  If I can convince a couple that
they "need" two luxury cars, they will work the longer hours.  If they are
satisfied with something less, they may get by with only one earner. However, you are correct in the sense that only half of today's income
goes to actually satisfying our wants, the other half goes to satisfy the
government.  In the 1950 you had a 1% taxation rate, and few regulations
(cars without air bags, computers, and catalytic converters are cheaper).
If you want to go back to 1950, and make your own decisions instead of
letting the government do so, you would have these things restored.
We work "harder" and have less free time only in the sense that we prefer
working longer hours and having expensive things and less free time to
working shorter hours and having more free time.
It is called economic inefficiency (the electrical analogy might be
resistance).  If tarriffs are imposed on an import, I end up paying the
domestic producers a little more.  If some regulation forces an employer
to spend $100,000 printing manuals or something, he is spending that to
satisfy the government and not me.  And then there is the obvious "tax",
which you pay regardless of who sends the actual amount to the government
(e.g. the "employer's" half of FICA).
The problem is one of exchange.  A local currency (banks used to issue
their own notes) is only good in that locality.  How do I buy a California
pistachio with Michigan Money?  Or with British Pounds for that matter. In all cases you get an exchange rate.  There will be a varying ratio
between any two given fiat currencies, and even two currencies based on
(i.e. redeemable in) different commodities.  A coupon for "one free
hamburger" is a type of currency.  You will sell it at a discount (less
than face value - the price of the hamburger) to someone who wants a
hamburger if you prefer a salad.  In that sense each fast-food place could
issue their own currency (or Shell with their prepaid gasoline cards), but
they would all be discounted from the cash value - why should I pay $1 for
a $1 coupon good only at McDonalds?  If I eat there often, I may pay $9
for 10 $1 coupons.  Another place where they already exist are "barter
clubs" as barter points.
But all the above won't fix any of your above points.  You will work
harder and be taxed on barter points, hamburger coupons, or anything else
based on their (hopefully discounted) value in dollars.  I will still have
to spend more of whatever to get a car with an airbag which I don't want.
The only reason we have national currencies is because nations have
different ideas about how large their inflation rates and defecits should
be and about trade.  That way they can control the supply of that currency
and require changing into that currency to do trade.
The archetypical digital monitary note would be exchangable for a fixed
amount of gold (only because that is considered by most people as "money" in a true form, but you could theoretically use any nonperishable
commodity).  As long as they were honored, it would be the same as having
a bullion coin of that amount.  (it could also be exchanged for another
equal note for those schemes that need to track "spent"  digital chunks). Having 1000 other currencies would mean that each currency would have a
fluctuating value relative to each other (great if you are an
arbitrageur), and to gold, so why would I want to say I have 5000
eco-greenstamp units instead of 2 grams gold when everyone would recognize
the value of the latter, but only locals the value of the former?

@_date: 1997-06-25 00:53:48
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: New PGP signatures 
PGP 5.0 is still covered by patents since it still has RSA in there to
read old messages.  Also (except for the legal pettifoggery), PGP is
supposed to have licenses to RSA. I was speaking technically, not politically.  If MD5 is broken, replacing
MD5 with SHA1 is the fix.  If my transmission is broken, I don't also need
a new engine.  The antecedent post mentioned the reason to change PGP was
a technical flaw.  My point (which echos the FAQ) is that there were other
forces at work - legal and economic factors.  So prepend "If all they were
interested in was fixing TECHNICAL weaknesses in PGP " to my comment.
If abandoning one standard and requiring the world to change to a
radically changed incompatible new one is "a good thing", it is only
because paying extortion is not, which is a sentiment I agree with.
I do think it is a shrewd move, since now the worst thing RSA can do to
them is not allow them to sell backward compatible versions in the US,
were I in their position I would probably do the same thing.
On the other hand, if PGP5+ messages are not covered by any licensing
restrictions on the technology, then PGP5+ can be cloned (i.e. a fully
interoperable version without any code from PGP inc.).

@_date: 1997-06-25 01:53:12
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
More to the point, it will kill the commercial internet within the US.  We
could ban steelmaking for environmental or safety reasons, which would not
stop it, but then our steel producers and automakers would be out of
business.  I think the US may have one, maybe two years before we lose the
entire crypto industry to overseas.  We may still write the academic
articles, but all the software and hardware will be imported.  After all
the problems about losing jobs, we are actively destroying this sector of
high technology.
Because the government could retroactively reverse transactions.  Currency
is only as good as far as it is trusted.  Would you accept a transaction
that if the government opened the crypto, and found that the person that
sent you the cash was a drug dealer, which meant that all your finances
are thus contaminated with "drug money", and that they would not only
seize the transaction, but all other money?  I think not. The goverment could also open the note and spend it before you did (for
things like back taxes).  Assuming it is not a janitor working in the
building housing the escrow computer who is doing it.
In effect, key escrow applied to electronic cash is a lein against every
note that can be executed without your knowledge or consent.
There are technical solutions and problems which I can go into further. But, briefly, the goverment will want to track all sides, and anything
will require huge computer resources to store the escrowed keys.  That is
unless getting one key unlocks every $20 digital note issued, and then how
do we insure they will only unlock the ones listed in the original
warrant?  And what about stolen or multiply transacted ecash - you can
only unlock the original payer and final payee - I know, make it illegal
to transfer ecash without reporting the transaction!
coins, all monitary units had to have an authentication mechanism.  If the
crypto is weak, notes are easy to forge (analogous to why there are so
many hard to print things on $100 bills).  If you can't tell counterfeit
cash from real cash, you don't accept it, electronic or otherwise.  This
is why the $yllogism works.  Just note that locations that can't verify
checks don't accept them. If the government can declare "authentic" currency to have no value
(especially retroactively), the same rule applies, which is why key escrow
is equally damaging.

@_date: 1997-06-26 04:40:59
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Anonymous browsing (was Re: Getting Back to our Radical Roots) 
Having got the latest Applied Cryptography, it looks like it would be
possible to set up a series of servers on the "Dining Cryptographers at a
Disco" model.  It would require a constant flow, probably something like
token ring, so couldn't be used for high bandwidth applications, but it
completely nukes traffic analysis.
(as an aside, if someone has control of "most of the nodes" they can cheat
however they want without resorting to traffic analysis - if they
control few nodes the picture is different).
[brief but wrong description: assume there are an even number of servers. Each generates a random number and passes it on along with a parity bit. Then next server compares it's random number with the previous one and
flips the parity bit if the random bits *differ*, and then sends the
parity bit and the same random bit to the next server. When the bit has
completed the circuit, the parity bit will be zero (which would be
broadcast or send in the next round), unless someone altered it
intentionally.  So any one can set a one bit by simply not flipping it,
and no one will know who since all anyone knows is the original state of
the parity bit when they saw it, and the previous random number.  If a
series of bits is encrypted using a public key, then only the recipient
will be able to receive it, and in all cases no one will know who sent or
received the message.  You need collision detection like ethernet, and
some addressing stuff, but all the extra bandwidth obscures the sender
and recipient.  Someone please post a clearer description]

@_date: 1997-06-26 05:10:57
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Shell cancels all but $25 pre-paid cards 
Probably because they sold the $50 and $100 at a discount ($48 and $94).
Margins are slim in the competitive areas, so getting a 6% discount (on
something you can charge to a cashback card) probably ate into their
profits.  I didn't ask why, but I bought a few $100 since there is a
Shell station at the corner :).
$100 of gas for $94 - I'll take it while I can.

@_date: 1997-06-26 23:46:51
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: new money systems 
Gold (content) can be counterfeited, which is why it needs to be assayed
and there are assay marks on gold bars. If there is inflation, or even the hint, people will shift from dollars
(or pounds, or yen) to something that is not inflating.  It would be
easier to control if they didn't tax you on the inflation (which they call
capital gains).
Try spending british pounds at a US fast food restaraunt (at least one
that is not adjacent to a UK diplomatic building).  Then you will have to
go to someone to do the exchange and they will charge a fee.  And then if
you go to the UK and have to change back, there will be another fee.
Although there is an "exchange rate", it is discounted so that the
organization doing the exchange makes money each way.  Canadian
restaraunts just over the border will take american money, but give me 10%
less than the bank exchange rate.
Thus it is not trivial in practice.  If your money was only good for a 50
mile radius, and you lost 3% in each exchange, going on vacation would get
very expensive and you would then call for a universal currency, or
convert into something like it (accepted by every locality very near par)
before going on vacation.  But if you convert it into a universal
currency, why not just leave it as that?
Considering the internet is international, exchange is a big problem and
will get worse as more transactions require foreign exchange. I agree with the concept.  If Michigan doesn't want to inflate its
currency and New Jersey does, they can then do so without interfereing
with each other (or BC and Quebec, for that matter).
But as Ricardo has shown, trade advantages all parties, so autonomy is
actually less efficient.  Nebraska is better suited to wheat, Maine to
cranberries, Michigan to Cherries, and Florida and California to Oranges.
To be "autonomous and independent" in Minnesota makes for very expensive
So although I consider autonomy a virtue, I consider trade a greater
virtue, so local currencies are good only to the extent they promote both,
and with the problems of currency exchange, I don't see how trade is
enhanced by local currencies, but am interested on your thoughts on this
point since you are more familiar with the narrow topic.
Yes, but each currency would then have to be exchanged (at a discount!) and that almost every time any transaction occured.  Unless you are
willing to exchange any amount of currency without making any profit on
it, not even to cover expenses or fluctuations in value, this won't work -
it is trivial to convert currency, but it is not without cost.
You can have state and local tyrants who want to manipulate the money
supply.  Power corrupts at whatever level (look for a big municipal bond
crash that dwarfs the S&L crisis - this is one thing the locals can
manipulate to some extent). In sum, I have a set of questions:  1. Why would local currencies be any
less subject to manipulation than national currencies which suffer from
inflation and devalutation when the consequences are the same and the
national level can't resist?  2. If they aren't going to set the value
themselves, they will have to fix the value "permanently", since if they
can change the peg, they can manipulate it, but if they fix the value to
X, why won't real X be prefered to the note denominated in X.  3. As
long as they have to pick X, if several localities pick gold as X, then
their currencies then become the same, although having different numbers
(e.g. 31 & change gram notes v.s. 1 troy ounce notes) - why have a dozen
currencies which are merely different numbers representing the same amount
of a commodity (except to manipulate later)?

@_date: 1997-06-29 11:01:26
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
They can easily put a lein on MY property, but (except for some abuses
which are the subject of lawsuits), they can't put a lein on something
that has been sold and resold that is now someone else's.  With GAK$, they
can cancel every $20 e-bill I have ever spent, those I currently own, and
those I have transferred to others in exchange.
Actually I expect exactly what you describe to happen.  In various other
posts and venues, I have said in some form that "The government won't be
overthrown in a revolution, it will be obsoleted by technology". But waiting for the market to take effect may not be short or pleasant.
Look how long it took for the Soviet empire to collapse.

@_date: 1997-05-10 01:50:47
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
One simple question: where is the property right to a socket and mailbox.
If Wallace has the right to fill my computer with unwanted data, then I
have the same right toward his.  If it is an act of free speech to send
some commercial solicitation for something I would never want, it is hard
not to maintain that an ARP packet isn't covered by the same theory.
It costs me something to filter out spam, and will cost him something to
filter out counterspam of whatever sort.  The NSP may be in the no-man's
land between the trenches, but they are providing the connection and can
tell him to look elsewhere or charge a premium for the extra traffic.

@_date: 1997-05-12 06:56:16
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked (fwd) 
One simple question: where is the property right to a socket and mailbox.
If Wallace has the right to fill my computer with unwanted data, then I
have the same right toward his.  If it is an act of free speech to send
some commercial solicitation for something I would never want, it is hard
not to maintain that an ARP packet isn't covered by the same theory, much
less 1M+ responses of the same email.
It costs me something to filter out spam, and will cost him something to
filter out counterspam of whatever sort.  The NSP may be in the no-man's
land between the trenches, but they are providing the connection and can
tell him to look elsewhere or charge a premium for the extra traffic.
Any such property right will be symmetrical, so if I don't have the right
to control what comes into my inbox, neither does anyone at spamway.com.
Whether I like it or not, Anarchocapitalism is going to be the political
system on the internet.  Just like what is described in David Freedman's
books about private protective services, a spammer will continue until he
hits someone with a T3 and a good software agent that will happily fill
out response forms at 6M/sec, or simply ask politely to be taken off the
list several hundred times per second.  At that point the lists of people
who don't want to be spammed will be taken very seriously.

@_date: 1997-05-15 23:36:52
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
Good.  They will mainly waste space on a bunch of encrypted stuff with the
possible exception of the very last entry in the chain (which may only
give the recipient, and a message, which might reveal the author when
decrypted by the recipient's key).  Everything else will point to another
remailer and be readable only by it.  They can log who is using it if they
are first in the chain (so run your own remailer), but all they will know
is who is using it, assuming it is not a nym.
So who says they don't provide a public service :).  Although I would
resent my tax money supporting something that can be done in the private
sector if I lived in such a country.  There should be a move to privatize
I shouldn't have to unless I only use one remailer exclusively.  If I use
random chains, or mixmaster type remailers, I don't HAVE TO TRUST the
remailer.  The worst they could do is not pass on mail (which would show
up in the stats), or selectively not send mail, or log content when they
were last on the chain and if the message was actually plaintext at that
There are a few subtleties, but if you do things right, things are very
secure.  It depends if you are trying for 100% security or merely want to
avoid spam.

@_date: 1997-05-15 23:44:32
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Anonymity and cowardice 
The authors of the Federalist Papers would neither be prosecuted, nor
persecuted.  Read the history about what happened about the debate over
ratification of the constitution.  Since you are wrong about this bit of
history (i.e. no serious personal consequences to the authors), I would
like to know if you have a better reason.
It is not cowardice for someone to hide their identity to not prejudice a
reader.  People might read "publius" and evaluate their arguments on their
merits, but if they knew the authors were specifically A Hamilton and J
Madison they might be dismissed as already knowing where they stood.
Why do authors like Richard Bachman / Stephen King use pen names?
Why do musicians like John Cougar --- Mellencamp alter their names?
Are they all cowards too?

@_date: 1997-05-17 02:38:24
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Civil Disobediance 
They couldn't move with their wealth out of the way, so the alternatives
were limited.
I worry about the government about the same as I worry about the people
who will be the barbarians when the government fails (or those who already
are ignoring government - There are some locations I have a risk of being
shot if I go).  If government has any purpose, it is to protect me from
barbarians, which is something they are failing at.  If they can't or
won't do so, why do I need government?
The internet causes data to flow like water - eventually going around any
obstacle.  If you close off a dam completely, it will eventually overflow.
And things like titles and money are more like data than physical objects.
In a few years, the government will be fighting against obsolecense and
irrelevancy.  This is only scary because they have weaponry.
Home Schooling is now easy since teaching materials can be had easily, and
you can contact thousands of people to form a support group.  Government
money will be replaced by digital commodity warehouse receipts - do you
trust lots of people who will go out of business if they cheat more than
the federal reserve and FDIC?  Email will replace most of the first class
mail business post office, and web sites most of the third.  SPAM is being
solved by the net itself (how long would it take congress to pass a bill,
then pass another one the next year to fix the problems in the first...).
Government as the Nanny that protects and provides for you will disappear
since everything that can be reduced to data will be routed out of their
hands, just as the current democracies replaced the monarchies when
education was spread from the elite who had time to study to the masses.
I don't know what will replace it, but I know I will have far more control
over and responsibility for my own life.  And this may include protecting
myself from the barbarians or government who only have and respect
violence.  If my wealth is not going to be accessible, it makes me a less
likely target for either, and if I can get anything I need without going
through their devices, they can't threaten to withold something.

@_date: 1997-05-18 02:06:08
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Just Say "No" to Congress - authority v.s. power 
They just want their own federal reserve notes back - Render unto
Caesar... But to the original point:
Then so is anyone who gives money to an armed robber who offers the
alternatives of payment or bodily harm.  It is a voluntary decision to
give money to the robber instead of letting him remove it from your
corpse.  His weapon gives him power without authority, and you (or your
survivors) appeal to the legitimage authority of the police to address the
situation. China has a government.  Is everything it does to its citizens legitimate? If so, why - is it might makes right?  If not, what is unique about the US
government being a mixture of a little democracy and a lot of bureaucracy
that makes any act by any agent legitimate?

@_date: 1997-05-23 01:39:29
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Compelling a key (fwd) 
Why does everyone still have cypherpunks at toad.com in their Cc: list, or
how can I get it to work so I don't have to edit the headers (back to the
procmail manual...)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
One correction.  She was released by a special law passed by the house of
representatives after a media blitz about her case.  The law only let her
go and did not generally limit the period of time people could be held in
contempt.  It was not the judge, but a legislature trying to quell some
outcry without doing any real reform

@_date: 1997-05-23 01:47:58
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Compelling a key (fwd) 
One correction.  She was released by a special law passed by the house of
representatives after a media blitz about her case.  The law only let her
go and did not generally limit the period of time people could be held in
contempt.  It was not the judge, but a legislature trying to quell some
outcry without doing any real reform

@_date: 1997-05-23 01:58:07
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Change, the Internet, and Government (was Cypherpunk criminalization) 
Strong crypto is one facet of the internet.  I can now form a group with
people around the world (like the volunteer organizations DeToqueville
speaks of which organize to solve problems).  Data can now flow across
national borders.  Things like prices and ideas are data.  Even money is
to a large extent data.  When government begins trying to take action to
prevent data from flowing, it will simply be hidden from them.  It is one
mechanism for routing around "faults", though I don't think the designers of the internet considered taxation and censorship as faults.
Strong crypto by itself won't change anything.  Worldwide communication
that can be both point-to-point and broadcast already is changing quite a
lot of things.  When that needs to be, or even if it would just help to be
completely private or authentic strong crypto comes in. The steam engine changed very little except to remove water from coal
mines.  The production line and railroads had a greater impact.
In the same sense, PK systems were invented long ago and were a mere
curiosity.  Strong crypto won't catalyze any major change, but worldwide
private and authentic communications will.
To continue on a more general level:  Going back to "Economics in one
Lesson" - one restriction invariably leads to another.  Rent controls keep
down prices.  So Landlords cannot maintain their buildings, so slumlord
laws are passed to try to force them to keep them open.  No buildings get
built so new subsidies have to be given to build rent-controlled
buildings.  People who live there will stay even when their income goes up
so more laws to means test must be passed.  So people hide their assets to
qualify so financial disclosure laws have to be added.  At each level, the
restriction needs several more restrictions to work.  (I think Hazlit uses
tariffs or food subsidies to illustrate it, but you can use almost
anything). Everytime government passes an illegitimate restriction, it starts a race
between those seeking to evade it and the lawgivers who have to close
the loopholes or increase enforcement.
But to close the circle, the internet is much faster than government ever
can be.

@_date: 1998-10-20 12:31:15
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... 
Not labor any more than capital.  I think what you refer to is often
called "stakeholders" which includes suppliers and customers in addition
to employees. However you do not need to play games to justify proper treatment of
employees.  If you consider capital such as a machine, it is usually
better to keep it well maintained and in good repair instead of letting it
wear out and rust - the quality of your goods will suffer, profits will go
down, and shareholders will dump management.
The same applies for labor.  If you treat employees badly, and they are in
a free labor market, you will be left with those who will tolerate your
abuse, or ignore it.  These are likely to be as less productive as the
rusty machine.
And employees usually create mental capital.  Except for the most menial
tasks, they will know who to call and how to get some otherwise trivial
things done much more efficiently than someone new.  And they will be able
to identify ways to make their niche more efficient for little extra cost
(v.s. having a bunch of consultants go through to obtain the same
information).  Lose a long term employee and you have lost a lot of
knowledge which you will pay dearly to replace.  High turnover is bad for
almost every business.  Maltreatment is universally bad.
Our current stock market bubble - which is in the process of popping -
distorted this.  My concept of Usury (yes, another mideval or earlier
idea) is loaning in the abstract.  You just want 5% or 10%, and try to
find a piece of paper (or electronic book entry) that will return it
regardless of what is behind the paper.  This can include ponzi schemes if
they aren't recognized as such.
If people were really investing in the non-usurous sense, they would be
concerned with the company as an organic whole, with the suppliers, and
customers, and employees, and the physical plant and everything else,
since the overall health would have a direct impact on the return on their
investment - and this would typically give a dividend yield a few percent
above something like a 10yr treasury.
If I want milk, I will be very concerned with keeping the cow happy and
healthy, and doing so rationally - pampering the cow too much won't give
any more milk and maybe make the cow less healthy, but starving it or
beating it would be worse.
But now people own mutual funds, and probably don't know what positions
they are in today.  They simply assume it will go up 10% "over the long
term" regardless if they invest in CocaCola, RJR Nabisco, Yahoo, or GE, so
why bother checking what is behind the stock certificate - if they miss
their earnings, the fund manager will simply swap it for something else
not based on the company or employees, but just on a few abstract numbers reported each quarter.
I like Yahoo and Amazon, but can't concieve of any logic to their market
capitalization.  They would have to grow at double digit rates to long
past my retirement to return to a rational valuation (assuming the stock
price didn't go up further).  I haven't heard a reason connected with
something tangible (dividends, book-value, cash flow) for someone to own
such a stock.  Only that "it the internet".  And I think this decoupling
is at the center of what you are getting at.  Paper v.s. people, and when
it comes time to decide, the paper wins.
There is a lot of ignorance, and it is rational in the short term - these
stocks are going up, so it would otherwise make sense to follow the trend.
But if the trend is all that is being watched, who is going to care if
they are using slave-labor? - to mention just one issue.
But that is investing in a bubble.  The same thing happened in 1720 with
the South Seas company in Great Britian and the Mississippi Scheme in
France.  The paper was appreciating daily, and that is all that mattered. Until the paper became illiquid.  Then it mattered very much if the
businesses were intrinsically sound and healthy and correctly valued. And I think we will see the same thing here and across the globe shortly.
Japan started to see this in the early '90s.

@_date: 1998-10-20 12:42:50
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Another question about free-markets... (fwd) 
Most of these are due to regulation.  If you assume the Secret Service
will bear the cost of enforcing anti-cloning laws, you will not spend the
money to make your phones unclonable even if the technology exists.
Excessive rate levels are a misnomer.  The only way you can succeed in
charging above market prices is if there is a law to bar entry.
sub-standard construction is also a misnomer - if you paid for standard X,
you simply don't pay until the construction is up to that standard.  If
you are talking about government projects, you introduce some distortion,
e.g. where they demand to pay below-market prices.  Further, if you don't
want to pay for certification of the quality, you can't call it
"substandard" because you aren't paying to have a standard enforced.
Hardly.  If you are saying consumers are stupid, you are probably right,
and their ignorance may be rational, since it would be expensive to
certify everything you encounter in one day.  But it does not mean that
business would enjoy any increased profit.  Consumers would simply bid
down the price where companies would compete on who could supply
substandard dreck most efficiently.
Nor would they really be denied information.  Some people subscribe to
consumer reports, some don't.  If you buy a noname blackbox, it is your
choice.  If you buy something that is rated as being good you may pay
more, but would get extra value (and consumer reports makes money by
coming as close as possible to unbiased testing in the main).
And you assume that men are islands and don't talk or communicate. Imagine two restaraunts.  If people get food poisoning every week or so at
one, people will learn not to go there, and it will fold as people go to
the second.  Reputation (economists include it in the term "good will")
does have an economic benefit.  And it does not require government to
regulate.  If fact government is usually the worst in determining quality
- the USDA uses sniffing and appearance instead of microbiology for a very
long time (until an e. coli outbreak).  But they certify all infected meat
as grade-A if the inspector is in a good mood.  And good meat will lose
points if the inspector is in a bad mood.  But because of the USDA, no
private concern can compete to certify healthy food (and one reason I have
cut meat consumption - what the government allows or is incapable of
catching can kill me in very unpleasant ways).
Consumers will only be denied infomation pertaining to quality if they
insist on not paying for it.  And "free" information from the government
in the form of certification or regulation is worth what you pay for it.
Underwriters lab certified things for insurance companies.  A similar
organization could insure healthy food (by publishing their standards and
charging for either inspection or results).
You simply may not like human psychology, but that does not make the free
market any less just.  In fact, most "problems" like insurance derive from
human psychology.  People want to beleive lies.  Or want to remain
ignorant.  And don't want to take responsibility for their own actions. The market is completely fair and just - which are also virtues.  It is
not merciful or kind, but that is NOT its function. I can buy (or sell) at a given price, or I can choose not to.  The offered
price may not be a good value, but I will need to invest additional time
and money to determine that, and that is a secondary choice, but it is
still fair.  If a stock is selling at $50 on the NYSE, nothing stops you
from buying it from me  This would be unwise but not unfair.  Nor
would it require any third party.  If you know I take advantage of
ignorance, you will not deal with me without informing yourself first.
You may rationally decide not to check if I sell near market prices if
it is typical that most people do.  But you will acquire the information
of my business practice with the purchase.  You may also rationally get a
second bid.  No one witholds information.  But no one forces information
upon you.  You have only to act rationally at whatever level you decide.
In my earlier post, I mentioned that I think stocks are in a bubble - i.e.
overvalued by 70%.  Which if any government agency is saying this?  Are
these fair prices?  You think so if you bought in when they were only
overvalued by 50%.  But how does the government prevent people from
bidding up the price of stocks, or beanie babies?  I think they are called
crazes or manias for good reason.  When it collapses they will call on the
government, but all the information will have been there in black and
white all along.  But they would rather belive in a pleasant illusion
than cold reality.  And you can't make any regulation that will change
that.  Illusions also have prices.  And people will gladly pay them.  This
is unwise (A fool and his money are soon parted), but not unfair (wisdom
has riches in her left hand and long life in her right).
The market enforces a foolishness tax which no government can repeal.

@_date: 1998-09-14 17:48:42
@_author: tzeruch@ceddec.com 
@_subject: Clinton--Why I am Chortling 
I think they have abandon Aristotelian (or any other phylum of) Logic,
replacing it with something called post structuralist thinking.  Since it
lacks a structure, it is hard to figure out how to explain it.  Apparently
it is a system where "Male Lesbians" exist.  So because Clinton does what
the GFs want, maybe he isn't really powerful at all (name anyone who is
both powerful and submits to GFs, at least in contexts not included in the
Starr report).  No, it doesn't really make sense, but I don't think it is
supposed to.
Do libraries now ban minors' access to MSNBC, CNN, ... The House of
Representatives, and the Library of Congress?  And things like NetNanny
and SurfWatch?
Clinton can still veto the omnibus appropriations bill or threaten to
"shut down the government" (= shut down government spending instead of
leaving it running while nothing else gets done).
