
@_date: 2001-03-09 20:06:54
@_author: ubik_heisenberg@freedom.net 
@_subject: The" Appearance" Trap 
It is useless to bitch at me, the text is not from me...
Get it at  The" Appearance" Trap
No "Policy Enforcement" / "Revenue Collection" officer ("Police") has the power  to "Arrest" you. They can only "apprehend" and "detain" you for up to two (2) hours, -during which time they must take you before a "Court Officer" for "probable Cause" Hearing. it is the Commissioner/ Judge/ magistrate's job to determine whether the government has sufficient evidence to "charge" or prosecute you. it is at the "Court Officer's Office", that the detainment is converted to an actual "Arrest".
In order to become a "Party" to a Law suit or "Case",- government must "trick"  you (within the first 48 hours after "Arrest" at the "court commissioner's"/  Justice of Peace's/ Judge's Office) [See Riverside vs. McLaughlin ], into making "Appearance". By making "Appearance", - you become "a party" to the case as "Defendant".
The several "tricks" are:
(1). You must give them your Name. Until YOU voluntarily state your Name, -  they must write the fictitious name "John Doe" on their papers. Even if they already know you. Even if they have found a "Driver License" with the ALL CAPITAL LETTER fictitious name duplicate to yours, - they can not make the tie-in. They have to trick YOU into stating your name to them, or They must trick you, where:
(2.)You must agree to post a "Bail-Bond", or,
(3.)You "sign" something (Signature = "Consent to be regulated") or
(4.)You must agree to accept an "Attorney" to "Represent" you, or
(5.)You must enter a Plea of "Not Guilty" or "Guilty", or
(6.)You discuss, address or mention any facts about the case, or
(7.)You must say or write something (anything) favorable to your position or   un-Favorable to the Plaintiff's position, (traverse).
(8). You say or write anything admitting that there is a "case".
[The presumption being - if it is not Your "case", Why would you even acknowledge it ?] By acknowledging that there even is a "case", - you must be a "Party" to that case - you just made an "Appearance".   According to C.J.S.(California Jural Society) the only way to defeat being tricked into making "Appearance", is to challenge "In Personam" jurisdiction, and  NOTHING ELSE. The (geographical) physical location "Venue" jurisdiction, and "subject matter" "In Rem" (contract in commerce) jurisdiction of the Court, arise by "Operation of Law". (Case entry)
Returning All Papers with the "SAMPLE" "Neutral Response  letter, removes  the "In Personam", which accomplishes - they don't get "Appearance" on You. So, You are Not a "Party" or "Defendant" - if you send All papers back with it.   This is for "Defense" Mode only.
If they "Arrest" you and "Take you in" - DON'T EVER give your name. To do so, is to voluntarily enter into a "Contract " with the court - and You have made an "Appearance" in the "Case". Exercise your "Miranda" "Right to remain silent" and DON'T SIGN ANYTHING (No Bond papers, No "Finger Print Card", No."Photograph Card", No "Personal effects" voucher, etc.), where they only have 48 Hours to hold you, and trick you into "Appearance", or Release you (See Riverside vs. McLaughlin- Calif.).
Also, - If they "Arrest" you, - have a Friend (after the 49th Hour) serve the "Riverside vs. McLaughlin Law Suit" on the Plaintiff "STATE OF of I and District Prosecuting Attorney, and the "Keepers" at the jail (or wherever they are holding you). They will contact their "Lawyer" to ask about it. He will advise them to let you out, immediately, rather than face additional damages from the "Law Suit".
When in the Court, - When they ask you a question, ANY question - Don't say Anything. Don't give, write, or say your Name. When they say, - "What's your name?" Say "I am not 'authorized' to sign anything." When they ask you a question, (such as "What's Your Name?"), say "I don't have enough information or knowledge to form a responsive answer" or "I Object" or "I don't Understand."  (To "understand"- is to "stand" "under"; be subordinate; be "subject" to.) Note. If the "Judge" enters a Plea (for you) of "Not Guilty". You must ask "Is that a "Administrative" decision or a "Judicial" Decision" ? When he says "Judicial". - (or "both") - You say "On the Record" , "Thank you Your Honor, for the "Acquittal that I am "Not Guilty" I and WALK OUT OF THE COURT.   DO NOT SAY ANYTHING ELSE TO ANYONE. SIMPLY WALK OUT.
"'If he orders the Bailiff or other "Court Officer" to apprehend you or You will be in "Contempt Of Court", - say "If you are Not going to honor your own 'Decision', -  I hereby serve NOTICE of Appeal" (State vs. Adams, K- Mart Corp vs. Salmon, "Malicious Prosecution", and "Abuse of Process". For copy of "Brad's Kansas Law Suit/Riverside vs. McLaughlin" send $5.00, or for further information and/or a Seminar for your "Rights Study" Group, contact:
PEOPLES RIGHTS ASSOCIATION address used without prejudice to rights c/o, -  1624 Savannah Road, Lewes, Delaware (Spell fully out, small letters) no voluntary-military zip zone Venue number used
JOHN DOE
John Doe- A fictitious name frequently used to indicate a person for the purpose of argument or illustration. or in the course of enforcing a fiction in the law. The name which was usually given to the fictitious lessee of the plaintiff in the mixed action of ejectment. He was sometimes called "Goodtitle." So the Romans had their fictitious personages In law proceedings. as Titus, Seius. The name "John Doe" Is, and for some centuries has been. used In legal proceedings as a fictitious name to designate a party until his real name can be ascertained. State v. Rossignol. 22 Wash.2d 19. 153 P.2d 882. 885. When they demand "payment" of a"debt" in Court. We say "Will you accept a non-redeemable Note drawn on a Private Bank?". They say "No". We show a $ Federal Reserve "Note" to the Judge, and We say "Your Honor, they just refused "Payment"- per U.C.C. 3- 603 1 (b) Debt is discharged'. He says 'You're right- Case Dismissed"
Statement to make before a "fiction court"
"Under"- 1.) in or to a position below or beneath something.
3.) in or into a condition of subjection, subordination, or unconsciousness. "Standing" - n. lb: a position from which one may assert or enforce legal rights and duties.
"Understanding" - n. 3c: a mutual agreement not formally entered into but in some degree binding on each side. "Understanding" - adj. 1: fully apprehended.
"Apprehend" - 1a: to take hold of. 1b: arrest, seize.
3: to grasp with the understanding; be fully aware of
vi i understand, grasp.
"Fiction" - 1a: something invented by the imagination or feigned.
"Feign"-la: to represent by a false appearance of. Pretense, dissemble.
"Dissemble" 1: to hide under false appearance. 2: to put under the appearance of: simulate - vi: to put on a false appearance, conceal facts, intentions, of feelings under some "Statement - before a fictitious court", "I Do Not understand as to feign or dissemble, or to be so understood as to be fully apprehended, for to do so would be under false pretense, therefore, I Do Not have understanding"
SECOND STATEMENT (follow-up) if necessary. "I Do NOT understand, for I may be beneath a position from which YOU may assert your legal rights, and may create an agreement not formally entered into, but in some degree binding, and this may cause me to be falsely understood, fully apprehended, and dissembled, therefore, I Do NOT have understanding"
FICTION OF LAW
Fiction of law. An assumption or supposition of law that something which Is or may be false Is true, or that a state of facts exists which has never really taken place. An assumption. for purposes of justice, of a fact that does not or may not exist. A rule of law which assumes as true. and will not allow to be disproved something which is false, but not impossible. Ryan v. Motor Credit Co.. 30 N.I.Eq. 531. 23 A 2d 607, 621 In their "Fiction" Court Their "discretion" is YOU LOSE - regardless how much "Proof" or evidence of how "Right" you are.	
Protect your privacy! - Get Freedom 2.0 at

@_date: 2001-03-09 20:26:01
@_author: ubik_heisenberg@freedom.net 
@_subject: The UCC Connection: Free Yourself from Legal Tyranny  (1/3) 
The UCC Connection:
                Free Yourself from Legal Tyranny
                       September 22, 1991
                            Foreword
     This  is   a  slightly   condensed,   casually   paraphrased
transcript of tapes of a seminar given in 1990 by [the late] Howard Freeman.
It was prepared to make available the knowledge and experience of
Mr. Freeman  in his  search for  an accessible and understandable
explanation of  the confusing  state of  the government  and  the
courts.   It should  be helpful  to those who may have difficulty
learning from  such lectures,  or those  who want  to  develop  a
deeper understanding of this information without having to listen
to three or four hours of recorded material.
     The frustration  many  Americans  feel  about  our  judicial
system can  be overwhelming  and often  frightening and,  as most
fear, is  based on  lack of understanding or knowledge.  Those of
us who  have chosen  a path  out of  bondage and into liberty are
faced, eventually,  with the  seemingly tyrannical  power of some
governmental agency  and the  mystifying and awesome power of the
courts.   We have  been taught  that we must "get a good lawyer,"
but that  is becoming  increasingly difficult, if not impossible.
If we  are defending  ourselves from the government, we find that
the lawyers  quickly take our money and then tell us, as the ship
is sinking,  "I can't  help you  with that  --  I'm an officer of
the court."
     Ultimately, the  only way  for us to have even a "snowball's
chance" is  to understand the RULES OF THE GAME and to come to an
understanding of  the true  nature of  the Law.  The lawyers have
established and  secured a  virtual monopoly  over this  area  of
human  knowledge  by  implying  that  the  subject  is  just  too
difficult for the average person to understand, and by creating a
separate vocabulary  out of  English words  of  otherwise  common
usage.   While it  may, at times, seem hopelessly complicated, it
is not  that difficult  to grasp.  Are lawyers really as smart as
they would have us believe?  Besides, anyone who has been through
a legal  battle against  the government  with the aid of a lawyer
has come to realize that lawyers learn about procedure, not about
law.  Mr. Freeman admits that he is not a lawyer and, as such, he
has a  way of  explaining law  to us that puts it well within our
reach.   Consider also that the framers of the Constitution wrote
in language  simple enough  that  the  people  could  understand,
specifically so that it would not have to be interpreted.
     So, again we find, as in many other areas of life, that "THE
BUCK STOPS  HERE!"  It is we who must take the responsibility for
finding and  putting to  good use  the TRUTH.   It is we who must
claim and  defend our God-given rights and our freedom from those
who would  take them  from  us.    It  is  we  who  must  protect
ourselves, our  families and  our posterity  from the  inevitable
intrusion into  our lives by those who live parasitically off the
labor, skill and talents of others.
     To  these   ends,  Mr.  Freeman  offers  a  simple,  hopeful
explanation of  our plight, and a peaceful method of dealing with
it.  Please take note that this lecture represents one chapter in
the book  of his  understanding, which  he  is  always  refining,
expanding and  improving.   It is,  as all  bits of wisdom are, a
point of  departure from  which to  begin our  own  journey  into
understanding, that  we all  might be  able to  pass on to others
greater knowledge  and hope,  and to God, the gift of lives lived
in peace, freedom and praise.
                          UCC Connection
        "I send you out as sheep in the midst of wolves,
        be as wise as a serpent and harmless as a dove."
                          Introduction
     When I  beat the  IRS, I used Supreme Court decisions.  If I
had tried to use these in court, I would have been convicted.
     I was  involved with  a Patriot  group and I studied supreme
Court cases.   I  concluded that  the Supreme  Court had declared
that I  was not a person required to file an income tax  --  that
the tax  was an  excise tax  on privileges granted by government.
So, I  quit filing  and paying  income taxes, and it was not long
before they  came down  on me  with a  heavy hand.  They issued a
notice of  deficiency, which  had such a fantastic sum on it that
the biggest  temptation was  to go  in with their letter and say,
"Where in  the world did you ever get that figure?"  They claimed
I owed  them some $60,000.  But, even if I had been paying taxes,
I never  had that  much money, so how could I have owed them that
              Never Argue the Amount of Deficiency
     Fortunately,  I   had  been  given  just  a  little  bit  of
information:  NEVER ARGUE THE FACTS IN A TAX CASE.  If you're not
required to file, what do you care whether they say you owe sixty
dollars or  60,000 dollars?  If you are not required to file, the
amount doesn't  matter.   Don't argue  the amount   --  that is a
fact issue.   In  most  instances,  when  you  get  a  Notice  of
Deficiency, it  is usually  for some  fantastic amount.   The IRS
wants you  to run  in and argue about the amount.  The minute you
say, "I  don't owe  that much," you have agreed that you owe them
something, and  you have  given them jurisdiction.  Just don't be
shocked at  the amount  on a  Notice of Deficiency, even if it is
ten million  dollars!   If the law says that you are not required
to file or pay tax, the amount doesn't matter.
     By arguing  the amount,  they will just say that you must go
to tax  court and  decide what  the amount is to be.  By the time
you get  to tax  court, the  law issues are all decided.  You are
only there  to decide  how much you owe.  They will not listen to
arguments of law.
     So, I  went to  see the  agent and  told him  that I  wasn't
required to  file.   He said,  "You are  required  to  file,  Mr.
Freeman."  But I had all these supreme Court cases, and I started
reading them  to him.  He said, "I don't know anything about law,
Mr. Freeman, but the Code says that you are required to file, and
you're going  to pay  that amount  or you're  going to  go to tax
court."   I thought  that someone  there ought  to know something
about law, so I asked to talk to his superior.  I went to him and
got out  my Supreme  Court cases, and he wouldn't listen to them.
"I don't  know anything  about law, Mr. Freeman ...."  Finally, I
got to  the Problems  Resolution Officer,  and he  said the  same
thing.   He said  that the only person above him was the District
Director.   So, I  went to  see him.   By  the time  I got to his
office, they had phoned ahead, and his secretary said he was out.
But, I heard someone in his office, and I knew he was in there.
     I went  down the  elevator, around the corner to the Federal
Building and  into Senator  Simpson's office.   There  was a girl
sitting there  at a  desk, and she asked if she could help me.  I
told her  my problem.   I said that I really thought the District
Director was up there.  I asked her to call the IRS and tell them
that it  was Senator  Simpson's office calling, and to ask if the
District Director  was in.  I said, "If you get him on the phone,
tell him  that you  are from  the Senator's office and you have a
person whom  you are  sending over to speak to him  --  if he is,
can he  wait just five minutes.  His secretary met me when I came
in and said, "Mr. Freeman, you're so lucky  --  the Director just
     The Director was very nice and offered me coffee and cookies
and we  sat and talked.  So, he asked me what I wanted to talk to
him about.   (If  you ever have someone say to you, "I'm from the
government and  I'm here  to do you a favor," watch out!  But, we
can turn  that around  and approach  them the  same way.)   So, I
said, "I  thought you ought to know that there are agents working
for you  who are writing letters over your name that you wouldn't
agree with.   Do  you read  all the  mail that  goes out  of this
office over  your signature?"  The Director said, "Oh, I couldn't
read everything   --   it  goes out of here by the bagful."  That
was what  I thought.   I  said, "There  are some  of your  agents
writing letters  which contradict  the decisions  of the  supreme
Court of  the United States.  And they're not doing it over their
name;  they're doing it over your name."
     He was  very interested to hear about it, and asked if I had
any examples.   I  just happened  to have  some with me, so I got
them out  and presented  them to  him.   He thought  it was  very
interesting and asked if I could leave this information with him,
which I  did.   He said  he would  look it over and contact me in
three days.   Three  days later,  he called  me up and said, "I'm
sure, Mr. Freeman, that you will be glad to know that your Notice
of Deficiency  has been  withdrawn.  We've determined that you're
not a  person required to file.  Your file is closed and you will
hear no  more from  us."   I haven't heard another word from them
since.  That was in 1980, and I haven't filed since 1969.
                   The Supreme Court on Trial
     I thought  sure I  had the  answer, but  when a  friend  got
charged with  Willful Failure  to File an income tax, he asked me
to help  him.   I told  him that  they  have  to  prove  that  he
willfully failed  to file,  and I suggested that he should put me
on the  witness stand.   He should ask me if I spoke at a certain
time and  place in  Scott's Bluff,  and did  I  see  him  in  the
audience.   He should then ask me what I spoke of that day.  When
I got  on the stand, I brought out all of the Supreme Court cases
I had  used with  the District  Director.   I thought  I would be
lucky to  get a  sentence or two out before the judge cut me off,
but I was reading whole paragraphs  --  and the judge didn't stop
me.  I read one and then another, and so on.  And finally, when I
had read  just about  as much  as I  thought I  should, the judge
called a  recess of  the court.   I  told Bob I thought we had it
made.   There was  just no  way that  they could rule against him
after all that testimony.  So we relaxed.
     The prosecution  presented its  case and  he decided to rest
his defense  on my  testimony,  which  showed  that  he  was  not
required to  file, and  that the  Supreme Court  had upheld  this
position.   The prosecution then presented its closing statements
and we were just sure that he had won.  But, at the very end, the
judge spoke to the jury and told them, "You will decide the facts
of this case, and I will give you the law.  The law required this
man to  file an  Income Tax  form.   You decide whether or not he
filed it."   What  a shock!  The jury convicted him.  Later, some
members of  the jury  said, "What  could we  do?    The  man  had
admitted that  he had  not filed  the form,  so we had to convict
     As soon  as the trial was over, I went around to the judge's
office and  he was just coming in through his back door.  I said,
"Judge, by  what authority do you overturn the standing decisions
of the United States supreme Court.  You sat on the bench while I
read that  case law.   Now,  how do  you, a District Court Judge,
have the  authority to  overturn decisions of the Supreme Court?"
He says,  "Oh, those  were old  decisions."   I said,  "Those are
standing decisions.   They  have never  been overturned.  I don't
care how  old they are.  You have no right to overturn a standing
decision of the United States Supreme Court in a District Court."
                   Public Law vs Public Policy
     He said,  "Name any decision of the Supreme Court after 1938
and I'll  honor it,  but all the decisions you read were prior to
1938, and  I don't honor those decisions."  I asked what happened
in 1938.   He said, "Prior to 1938, the Supreme Court was dealing
with Public  Law;   since 1938,  the Supreme Court has dealt with
Public Policy.   The  charge that Mr. S. was being tried for is a
Public Policy  Statute, not  Public Law,  and those Supreme Court
cases do  not apply to Public Policy."  I asked him what happened
in 1938.   He  said that  he had already told me too much  --  he
wasn't going to tell me any more.
                   1938 and the Erie Railroad
     Well, I  began to  investigate.   I found  that 1938 was the
year of  the Erie Railroad v. Tompkins case of the Supreme Court.
It was  also the  year the  courts claim  they blended  Law  with
Equity.   I read the Erie Railroad case.  A man had sued the Erie
railroad for  damages when  he was struck by a board sticking out
of a  boxcar as  he walked along beside the tracks.  The district
court  had   decided  on  the  basis  of  Commercial  (Negotiable
Instruments) Law  that this  man was  not under any contract with
the Erie  Railroad, and  therefore he  had no standing to sue the
company.   Under the Common Law, he was damaged and he would have
had the right to sue.
     This overturned  a standing  decision of  over  one  hundred
years.   Swift v. Tyson  in 1840  was  a  similar  case  and  the
decision of  the supreme Court was that in any case of this type,
the court  would judge  the case  on the  Common Law of the State
where the  incident occurred   --   in  this case,  Pennsylvania.
But, in  the Erie Railroad case, the supreme Court ruled that all
federal cases  will be  judged under  the Negotiable  Instruments
Law.  There would be no more decisions based on the Common Law at
the federal  level.   So, here  we find  the blending of Law with
     This was  a puzzle  to me.    As  I  put  these  new  pieces
together, I  determined that  all  our  courts  since  1938  were
Merchant Law  courts and not Common Law courts.  There were still
some pieces of the puzzle missing.
                      A Friend of the Court
     Fortunately, I  made a  friend of  a judge.   Now, you won't
make friends  with a  judge if  you go into court like a "wolf in
black sheep  country."   You must  approach him as though you are
the sheep  and he  is the  wolf.  If you go into court as a wolf,
you make  demands and  tell the judge what the law is  --  how he
had better  uphold the  law or else.  Remember the verse:  I send
you out as sheep in wolf country;  be as wise as a serpent and as
harmless as  a dove.   We  have to  go into court and be wise and
harmless, and  not make  demands.  We must play a little dumb and
ask a  lot of  questions.   Well, I  asked a lot of questions and
boxed the  judges into  a corner  where they  had to  give  me  a
victory or admit what they didn't want to admit.  I won the case,
and on  the way  out I  had to  stop by the clerk's office to get
some papers.   One  of the  judges stopped  and said,  "You're an
interesting man,  Mr. Freeman.   If you're ever in town, stop by,
and if I'm not sitting on a case, we will visit."
                       America is Bankrupt
     Later, when  I went  to visit  the judge,  I told  him of my
problem with  the supreme  Court cases dealing with Public Policy
rather than  Public Law.   He  said, "In  1938,  all  the  higher
judges, the top attorneys and the U.S. attorneys were called into
a secret meeting and this is what we were told:
     America is  a bankrupt nation  --  it is owned completely by
     its creditors.  The creditors own the Congress, they own the
     Executive, they own the Judiciary and they own all the State
     governments.
     Take silent  judicial notice  of this fact, but never reveal
     it  openly.    Your  court  is  operating  in  an  Admiralty
     Jurisdiction  --  call it anything you want, but do not call
     it Admiralty.
                        Admiralty Courts
     The reason  they cannot  call it  Admiralty Jurisdiction  is
that  your   defense  would   be  quite  different  in  Admiralty
Jurisdiction  from  your  defense  under  the  Common  Law.    In
Admiralty, there  is no court which has jurisdiction unless there
is a  valid international contract in dispute.  If you know it is
Admiralty Jurisdiction, and they have admitted on the record that
you  are   in  an  Admiralty  Court,  you  can  demand  that  the
international maritime  contract, to  which you  are supposedly a
party, and  which you  supposedly have  breached, be  placed into
     No court has Admiralty/Maritime Jurisdiction unless there is
     a  valid  international  maritime  contract  that  has  been
     breached.
So, you  say, just  innocently like  a lamb,  "Well, I never knew
that I got involved with an international maritime contract, so I
deny that  such a  contract exists.   If  this  court  is  taking
jurisdiction in  Admiralty, then  place the contract in evidence,
so that  I may challenge the validity of the contract.  What they
would have  to do is place the national debt into evidence.  They
would have  to admit that the international bankers own the whole
nation, and that we are their slaves.
                          No Expedient
     But, the  bankers said  it is  not expedient at this time to
admit that  they own  everything and  could  foreclose  on  every
nation of the world.  The reason they don't want to tell everyone
that they  own everything  is  that  there  are  still  too  many
privately owned  guns.   There are uncooperative armies and other
military forces.   So,  until they  can gradually consolidate all
armies into  a WORLD  ARMY and  all courts  into a  single  WORLD
COURT, it  is not  expedient to admit the jurisdiction the courts
are operating under.  When we understand these things, we realize
that there  are certain  secrets they don't want to admit, and we
can use this to our benefit.
                          Jurisdiction
     The Constitution  of the  united States mentions three areas
of jurisdiction in which the courts may operate:
Common Law:
     Common Law  is based  on God's  Law.   Any time  someone  is
     charged under the Common Law, there must be a damaged party.
     You are free under the Common Law to do anything you please,
     as long  as you  do not  infringe on  the life,  liberty, or
     property of  someone else.   You have a right to make a fool
     of yourself,  provided you  do not  infringe  on  the  life,
     liberty, or  property of  someone else.  The Common Law does
     not allow  for any  government action  which prevents  a man
     from making a fool of himself.  For instance, when you cross
     over State  lines in  most States, you will see a sign which
     says, "BUCKLE  YOUR SEAT  BELTS   --   IT'S THE  LAW."  This
     cannot be  Common Law,  because who  would you injure if you
     did not  buckle up?    Nobody.    This  would  be  compelled
     performance.   But, Common  law cannot  compel  performance.
     Any violation  of Common  Law is  a  CRIMINAL  ACT,  and  is
     punishable.
Equity Law:
     Equity Law is law which compels performance.  It compels you
     to perform  the exact  letter of  any contract  that you are
     under.  So, if you have compelled performance, there must be
     a contract somewhere, and you are being compelled to perform
     under the obligation of the contract.  Now, this can only be
     a civil  action   --  not criminal.  In Equity Jurisdiction,
     you cannot  be tried criminally, but you can be compelled to
     perform to  the letter of a contract.  If you then refuse to
     perform as  directed by  the court,  you can be charged with
     contempt of  court, which  is a  criminal action.   Are your
     seat belt  laws Equity  laws?  No, they are not, because you
     cannot be  penalized or  punished for  not  keeping  to  the
     letter of a contract.
Admiralty/Maritime Law:
     This is  a civil jurisdiction of Compelled Performance which
     also has  Criminal Penalties  for not adhering to the letter
     of the  contract, but  this only  applies  to  International
     Contracts.   Now, we can see what jurisdiction the seat belt
     laws (and  all traffic laws, building codes, ordinances, tax
     codes, etc.)  are under.   Whenever  there is  a penalty for
     failure to  perform (such  as willful failure to file), that
     is  Admiralty/Maritime   Law  and  there  must  be  a  valid
     international contract in force.
However, the  courts don't  want to admit that they are operating
under  Admiralty/Maritime   Jurisdiction,  so   they   took   the
international law  or Law Merchant and adopted it into our codes.
That is  what the supreme Court decided in the Erie Railroad case

@_date: 2001-03-09 20:29:07
@_author: ubik_heisenberg@freedom.net 
@_subject: The UCC Connection: Free Yourself from Legal Tyranny  (2/3) 
Remedy and Recourse
     Every system of civilized law must have two characteristics:
Remedy and  Recourse.  Remedy is a way to get out from under that
law.  The Recourse is if you have been damaged under the law, you
can recover your loss.  The Common Law, the Law of Merchants, and
even the  Uniform Commercial  Code all  have remedy and recourse,
but for  a long  time we  could not  find it.  If you go to a law
library and  ask to  see the  Uniform Commercial  Code, they will
show you  a shelf  of books  completely filled  with the  Uniform
Commercial Code.   When  you pick up one volume and start to read
it, it  will seem  to  have  been  intentionally  written  to  be
confusing.   It took  us a long time to discover where the Remedy
and Recourse  are found  in the UCC.  They are found right in the
first volume, at 1-207 and 1-103.
                             Remedy
     The making  of  a  valid  Reservation  of  Rights  preserves
     whatever rights  the person then possesses, and prevents the
     loss of  such rights by application of concepts of waiver or
     estoppel.  (UCC 1-207.7)
     It is important to remember when we go into a court, that we
are in  a commercial,  international jurisdiction.  If we go into
court and  say, "I  DEMAND MY  CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS,"  the judge
will most  likely say,  "You mention  the Constitution again, and
I'll find  you in  contempt of court!"  Then, we don't understand
how he  can do that.  Hasn't he sworn to uphold the Constitution?
The rule  here is:  you cannot be charged under one jurisdiction,
and defend  under another.  For example, if the French government
came to you and asked where you filed your French income tax in a
certain year,  do you  go to  the French  government and  say, "I
demand my  Constitutional Rights?"   No.   The  proper answer is:
THE LAW  DOESN'T APPLY  TO ME  --  I'M NOT A FRENCHMAN.  You must
make your  reservation of  rights under the jurisdiction in which
you are charged  --  not under some other jurisdiction.  So, in a
UCC court,  you must  claim your  reservation of rights under the
UCC 1-207.
     UCC 1-207 goes on to say:
     When a  waivable right  or claim is involved, the failure to
     make a  reservation thereof, causes a loss of the right, and
     bars its assertion at a later date. (UCC 1-207.9)
You have to make your claim known early.  Further, it says:
     The Sufficiency  of the  Reservation   --    Any  expression
     indicating an  intention to  reserve rights,  is sufficient,
     such as "without prejudice".  (UCC 1-207.4)
Whenever you sign any legal paper that deals with Federal Reserve
Notes   --  in any way, shape or manner  --  under your signature
write:  Without Prejudice UCC 1-207.2  This reserves your rights.
You can  show, at  1-207.4, that  you have  sufficiently reserved
your rights.
     It is  very important  to understand  just what  this means.
For example,  one man who used this in regard to a traffic ticket
was asked  by the  judge just  what he  meant by writing "without
prejudice UCC  1-207" on  his statement to the court.  He had not
tried to understand the concepts involved.  He only wanted to use
it to  get out  of the  ticket.   He did  not know what it meant.
When the judge asked him what he meant by signing in that way, he
told the  judge that  he was  not prejudiced  against anyone ....
The judge  knew that  the man  had no  idea what it meant, and he
lost the case.  You must know what it means.
                   Without Prejudice UCC 1-207
     When you  use "Without  Prejudice UCC  1-207" in  connection
with your signature, you are saying:
     I reserve  my right not to be compelled to perform under any
     contract or  commercial  agreement  that  I  did  not  enter
     knowingly,   voluntarily,    and   intentionally.       And,
     furthermore, I  do not accept the liability of the compelled
     benefit of any unrevealed contract or commercial agreement.
     What  is   the  compelled   performance  of   an  unrevealed
commercial agreement?  When you use Federal Reserve Notes instead
of silver  dollars, is  it voluntary?   No.   There  is no lawful
money, so  you have to use Federal Reserve Notes  --  you have to
accept the  benefit.  The government has given you the benefit to
discharge your  debts with  limited liability, and you don't have
to pay  your debts.   How  nice they  are!   But, if  you did not
reserve your  rights under  1-207.7, you  are compelled to accept
the benefit,  and therefore  obligated  to  obey  every  statute,
ordinance and  regulation of  the government,  at all  levels  of
government  --  federal, State and local.
     If you  understand this,  you will  be able to explain it to
the judge  when he  asks.   And he  will ask,  so be  prepared to
explain it  to the  court.   You will also need to understand UCC
1-103  --  the argument and recourse.
     If you  want to  understand this  fully, go to a law library
and photocopy  these two  sections from the UCC.  It is important
to get  the Anderson3  edition.   Some of  the law libraries will
only have  the West  Publishing version, and it is very difficult
to understand.  In Anderson, it is broken down with decimals into
ten parts and, most importantly, it is written in plain English.
                            Recourse
     The Recourse  appears in  the  Uniform  Commercial  Code  at
1-103.6, which says,
     The Code  is complementary  to the Common Law, which remains
     in force,  except where  displaced by  the Code.   A statute
     should be  construed in  harmony with the Common Law, unless
     there is  a clear  legislative intent to abrogate the Common
     Law.
This is the argument we use in court.
     The Code recognizes the Common Law.  If it did not recognize
the Common  Law, the  government would have had to admit that the
United States  is  bankrupt,  and  is  completely  owned  by  its
creditors.   But, it  is not expedient to admit this, so the Code
was written  so as  not  to  abolish  the  Common  Law  entirely.
Therefore, if  you have  made a  sufficient, timely, and explicit
reservation of your rights at 1-207, you may then insist that the
statutes be construed in harmony with the Common Law.
     If the  charge is  a traffic ticket, you may demand that the
court produce  the  injured  person  who  has  filed  a  verified
complaint.   If, for  example, you  were charged  with failure to
buckle your seat belt, you may ask the court who was injured as a
result of your failure to "buckle up."
     However, if  the judge  won't listen  to you  and just moves
ahead with  the case,  then you will want to read to him the last
sentence of 1-103.6, which states:
     The Code cannot be read to preclude a Common Law action.
Tell the judge:
     Your Honor,  I  can  sue  you  under  the  Common  Law,  for
     violating my  right under  the Uniform  Commercial Code.   I
     have a remedy, under the UCC, to reserve my rights under the
     Common Law.   I  have exercised the remedy, and now you must
     construe this statute in harmony with the Common Law.  To be
     in harmony  with the  Common Law, you must come forth with a
     damaged party.
If the  judge insists  on proceeding  with  the  case,  just  act
confused and ask this question:
     Let me see if I understand, Your Honor:  Has this court made
     a legal  determination that  sections 1-207 and 1-103 of the
     Uniform Commercial  Code, which is the system of law you are
     operating under, are not valid law before this court?
Now, the  judge is  in a  jamb!   How can the court throw out one
part of  the Code  and uphold another?  If he answers "yes," then
you say:
     I put  this court  on notice  that I am appealing your legal
     determination.
Of course,  the higher court will uphold the Code on appeal.  The
judge knows this, so once again you have boxed him into a corner.
            Practical Application  --  Traffic Court
     Just so  we can understand how this whole process works, let
us look at a court situation such as a traffic violation.  Assume
you ran through a yellow light and a policeman gave you a traffic
1.   The first  thing you  want to  do is  to delay the action at
     least three  weeks.   This you  can do by being pleasant and
     cooperative with  the officer.   Explain to him that you are
     very busy  and  ask  if  he  could  please  set  your  court
     appearance for about three weeks away.
(At this point, we need to remember the government's trick:  "I'm
from the government.  I'm here to help you."  Now, we want to use
this approach with them.)
2.   The next step is to go to the clerk of the traffic court and
     to say:
     "I believe  it would  be helpful if I talk to you, because I
     want to  save the  government some  money (this will get his
     attention).  I am undoubtedly going to appeal this case.  As
     you know, in an appeal, I have to have a transcript, but the
     traffic court  doesn't have a court reporter.  It would be a
     waste of  taxpayer's money  to run me through this court and
     then to  have to  give me  a trial  de novo  in a  court  of
     record.   I do  need a transcript for appealing, and to save
     the government  some money,  maybe you  could schedule me to
     appear in a court of record."
You can  show the  date on  the ticket and the clerk will usually
agree that  there is  plenty of time to schedule your trial for a
court of  record.   Now, your  first appearance  is in a court of
record and not in a traffic court, where there is no record.
     When you  get into  court, there  will be  a court  reporter
there who  records every  word the  judge speaks, so the judge is
much more  careful in  a court  of record.  You will be in a much
better situation  there than  in a traffic court.  If there is no
record, the  judge can say whatever he wants  --  he can call you
all sorts  of names  and tell you that you have no rights, and so
on  --  and deny it all later.
3.   When you  get into  court, the  judge will read the charges:
     driving through  a yellow  light, or whatever, and this is a
     violation of ordinance XYZ.  He will ask, "Do you understand
     the charge against you?"4
4.   "Well, Your  Honor, there  is a question I would like to ask
     before I  can make a plea of innocent or guilty.  I think it
     could be  answered if  I could  put the officer on the stand
     for a moment and ask him a few short questions."
     Judge:   "I don't  see why  not.  Let's swear the officer in
     and have him take the stand."
5.   "Is this the instrument that you gave me?"  (handing him the
     traffic citation)
     Officer:   "Yes, this  is a  copy of  it.  The judge has the
     other portion of it."
     "Where did  you get  my  address  that  you  wrote  on  that
     citation."
     Officer:  "Well, I got it from your driver's license."
     (Handing the  officer your  driver's license)   "Is this the
     document you copied my name and address from?"
     Officer:  "Yes, this is where I got it."
     "While you've  got that  in your  hand, would  you read  the
     signature that's  on that  license?"  (The officer reads the
     signature)   "While you're  there, would  you read  into the
     record what it says under the signature?"
     Officer:  "It says, 'Without Prejudice UCC 1-207'."
     Judge:  "Let me see that license!  (He looks at it and turns
     to the  officer.) "You didn't notice this printing under the
     signature on  this license,  when you  copied his  name  and
     address onto the ticket?"
     Officer:   "Oh, no.   I  was just getting the address  --  I
     didn't look down there."
     Judge:     "You're  not   very  observant   as  an  officer.
     Therefore, I  am afraid  I cannot  accept your  testimony in
     regards to the facts of this case.  This case is dismissed."
6.   In this  case, the  Judge found a convenient way out  --  he
     could say  that the officer was not observant enough to be a
     reliable witness.   He did not want to admit the real nature
     of the jurisdiction of his court.  Once it was in the record
     that you  had written  "Without Prejudice UCC 1-207" on your
     license, the judge knew he would have to admit that:
     a.   you had reserved your Common Law rights under the UCC;
     b.   you  had   one  it  sufficiently  by  writing  "Without
          Prejudice UCC 1-207" on your driver's license;
     c.   the statute  would now  have to be read in harmony with
          the Common  Law, and  the Common  Law says  the statute
          exists, but there is no injured party;  and
     d.   since there is no injured party or complaining witness,
          the court has no jurisdiction under the Common Law.
7.   If the  judge tries  to move  ahead and try the facts of the
     case, then you will want to ask him the following question:
     Your Honor,  let me  understand this  correctly.   Has  this
     court made a legal determination that it has authority under
     the jurisdiction  that it  is operating under, to ignore two
     sections of  the Uniform  Commercial Code  which  have  been
     called to its attention?
If he  says "yes," tell him that you put the court on notice that
you will  appeal that  legal determination,  and that  if you are
damaged by  his actions,  you will sue him in a common law action

@_date: 2001-03-09 20:30:04
@_author: ubik_heisenberg@freedom.net 
@_subject: The UCC Connection: Free Yourself from Legal Tyranny  (3/3) 
There is  no harm  in using  the ZIP  code, if  you lawfully
identify your  State.   I found out that no State legislature has
met to lawfully change the abbreviation of the State from the old
abbreviation to the new.  Therefore, if you do not use the lawful
abbreviation  for   your  State,   but  use   the   shorter   new
abbreviation, you have to use the ZIP code.
     Look on  page 11  of the ZIP Code Directory and it will tell
you that  the first  digit of your ZIP code is the federal region
in which you reside.  If you use 'AZ' for Arizona, you cannot use
the State  Constitution to  protect  you,  because  you  did  not
identify your  State.   You used  the ZIP  code, which identifies
which federal  region you live in.  And Congress may rule federal
regions directly, but it cannot rule the Citizens of any State.
                       Accommodation Party
     Let's look  at how  the States have become the accommodation
party to  the national debt.  There are many people I have talked
to, including  the Governor,  who are  very concerned about this,
and who know that it could happen very soon.
     If America  is declared  a bankrupt  nation, it  will  be  a
national emergency.  The Federal Emergency Management Agency will
take over,  and anyone  who opposes  the new  government  of  the
creditors can  be sent  to a  detention camp  in Alaska.  We will
have no rights whatsoever.  They have already set up prison camps
with work camps nearby so the people can be used for slave labor.
It could  be the  governors, legislators,  and other  leaders who
would  be   hauled  away   to  Alaska,   while  the   people  now
disenfranchised from  power would likely be chosen to run the new
government.   This could  all happen  very soon,  as the national
debt is  so large  as to  be unpayable.  Even the interest on the
debt is virtually unpayable.
     As I  explained, the  national debt   --   more  than  three
trillion dollars   --   is  not owed  by the  continental  united
States.   It is  the federal  United States that had authority to
borrow bank  credit.   When Congress  worked for  the continental
united States,  it could  only borrow  gold  or  silver,  so  the
national debt  was borrowed  in the  name of  the federal  United
States.   The federal United States has been bankrupt since 1938,
but the  federal United  States  had  to  trap  the  States  into
assuming the debt obligation of the federal debt.
     In  the   Uniform  Commercial   Code,  we   find  the   term
"accommodation  party."6     How   did  the   States  become  the
"accommodation  party"   to  the   federal  debt?    The  federal
government, through  our money  system, made  the States  deal in
Federal Reserve  Notes, which means that everything the States do
is "colorable."    Under  the  "colorable"  jurisdiction  of  the
Uniform Commercial  Code, all of the States are the accommodation
party to the federal debt.
     Now, the  concern is  to find  how we  can get  out of  this
situation.   I told  the Governor that, in the Common Law and the
Law of  Merchants   --  that's the International Law Merchant  --
there is  a term  called no-interest  contract.    A  no-interest
contract is  void and  unenforceable.    What  is  a  no-interest
                      No-Interest Contract
     If I  were to insure a house that did not belong to me, that
would be  a no-interest contract.  I would just want the house to
burn down.   I  would pay  a small premium, perhaps a few hundred
dollars, and  insure it for 80,000 dollars against fire.  Then, I
would be waiting for it to burn so I could trade my small premium
for $80,000.  Under the Common Law and under international law of
the Law  Merchant, that  is called a no-interest contract, and it
is void and unenforceable in any court.
                    Unconscionable Contracts
     In the  Uniform Commercial  Code, no-interest  contracts are
called unconscionable  contracts.   The section on unconscionable
contracts covers more than forty pages in the Anderson Code.  The
federal  United   States  has   involved  the   States   as   the
accommodation party  to the  federal debt, and I believe we could
prove this  to be an unconscionable contract.  We should get some
litigation into  the courts  before  the  government  declares  a
national emergency,  claiming  that  this  State  has  no  lawful
responsibility for  the national  debt  (of  the  federal  United
States), because  it became  an accommodation  party to this debt
through an  unconscionable contract.   If we have this litigation
before the  courts under  International Law  when the  nation  is
declared bankrupt, the creditors would have to settle this matter
first, and  it would  delay  them.    They  would  want  the  new
government to  appear to  be legitimate,  so they  could not just
move right  in and take over the State, because it would be in an
International Court.  This is very important at this time.
                      Questions and Review
     Note:   These are some of the questions asked after the main
lecture.   Some are  re-statements of material presented earlier,
but  they  contain  very  valuable  information  which  is  worth
                      Courtroom Techniques
     Question:  How did you "box in" the Judge?
     This is  easy to  do if  you don't  know too much.  I didn't
know too much, but I boxed them in.  You must play a little dumb.
     If you  are arrested  and you  go into  court, just remember
that in  a criminal action, you have to understand the law, or it
is a  reversible error  for the  court to  try you.  If you don't
understand the law, they can't try you.
     In any  traffic case  or tax case, you are called into court
and the judge reads the law and then asks, "Do you understand the
Defendant:     No, Your Honor.  I do not.
Judge:    Well,   what's   so   difficult   about   that  charge?
          Either you  drove the  wrong way on a one-way street or
          you didn't.   You  can only  go one way on that street,
          and if  you go the other way, it's a fifty dollar fine.
          What's  so   difficult  about   this  that   you  don't
          understand?
D:        Well, Your  Honor, it's  not the letter of the law, but
          rather the  nature of  the law that I don't understand.
          The Sixth  Amendment of  the Constitution  gives me the
          right to request the court to explain the nature of any
          action against  me, and  upon my request, the court has
          the duty to answer.  I have a question about the nature
          of this action.
J:        Well, what is that  --  what do you want to know?
Always ask  them some  easy questions  first, as this establishes
that they are answering.  You ask:
D:        Well, Your Honor, is this a Civil or a Criminal Action?
J:        It is  criminal.   (If it  were a  civil action,  there
          could be no fine, so it has to be criminal.)
D:        Thank you,  Your Honor,  for telling me that.  Then the
          record will  show that  this action against [your name]
          is a criminal action, is that right?
J:        Yes.
D:        I  would  like  to  ask  another  question  about  this
          criminal action.   There are two criminal jurisdictions
          mentioned in the Constitution:  one is under the Common
          Law, and  the other  deals with  International Maritime
          Contracts, under  an Admiralty Jurisdiction.  Equity is
          civil, and  you said  this is  a Criminal action, so it
          seems it  would have to be under either the Common Law,
          or Maritime  Law.   But what puzzles me, Your Honor, is
          that there  is no  corpus delecti  here that gives this
          court a  jurisdiction over my person and property under
          the Common  Law.   Therefore, it  doesn't appear  to me
          that this court is moving under the Common Law.
J:        No, I can assure you this court is not moving under the
          Common Law.
D:        Well, thank  you, Your  Honor, but  now  you  make  the
          charge against  me even  more difficult  to understand.
          The only  other criminal  jurisdiction would apply only
          if  there   were  an  International  Maritime  Contract
          involved, I  was a  party to  it, it had been breached,
          and  the   court  was   operating   in   an   Admiralty
          Jurisdiction.
          I  don't   believe  I   have  ever   been   under   any
          International Maritime  contract, so  I would deny that
          one exists.   I  would  have  to  demand  that  such  a
          contract, if it does exist, be placed into evidence, so
          that I  may contest  it.  But surely, this court is not
          operating under an Admiralty Jurisdiction.
You just put the words in the judge's mouth.
J:        No. I  can assure  you, we're  not operating  under  an
          Admiralty Jurisdiction.   We're  not out  in the  ocean
          somewhere   --   we're right  here in the middle of the
          State of  [any State].   No,  this is  not an Admiralty
          Jurisdiction.
D:        Thank you,  Your Honor,  but now I am more puzzled than
          ever.   If this  charge is not under the Common Law, or
          under Admiralty   --    and  those  are  the  only  two
          criminal jurisdictions  mentioned in  the  Constitution
          --   what kind  of jurisdiction  could  this  court  be
          operating under?
J:        It's Statutory Jurisdiction.
D:        Oh, thank  you, Your Honor.  I'm glad you told me that.
          But I  have never heard of that jurisdiction.  So, if I
          have to  defend under  that, I  would need  to have the
          Rules of Criminal Procedure for Statutory Jurisdiction.
          Can you tell me where I might find those rules?
There are  no rules for Statutory Jurisdiction, so the judge will
get very angry at this point and say:
J:        If you  want answers  to questions  like that,  you get
          yourself a  licensed attorney.    I'm  not  allowed  to
          practice law from the bench.
D:        Oh, Your  Honor, I  don't think anyone would accuse you
          of practicing  law from  the bench if you just answer a
          few questions  to explain  to me  the  nature  of  this
          action, so that I may defend myself.
J:        I told  you before,  I am  not going to answer any more
          questions.   Do you  understand that?   If  you ask any
          more questions  in regards  to this, I am going to find
          you in  contempt of  court!  Now, if you can't afford a
          licensed attorney, the court will provide you with one.
          But, if you want those questions answered, you must get
          yourself a licensed attorney.
D:        Thank you,  Your Honor,  but let  me just  see if I got
          this straight.
          Has this  court made  a legal determination that it has
          authority to  conduct a criminal action against me, the
          accused, under  a secret  jurisdiction,  the  rules  of
          which  are  known  only  to  this  court  and  licensed
          attorneys, thereby  denying me  the right  to defend my
          own person?
He has  no answer for that.  The judge will probably postpone the
case and  eventually just  let it go.  In this way, you can be as
wise as  a serpent and as harmless as a dove, but you must not go
into court  with a  chip on your shoulder and as a wolf in "black
sheep" country.   Remember Jesus' words, "I send you out as sheep
in wolf  country.   Be as wise as a serpent, and as harmless as a
dove."  Sheep do not attack wolves directly.  Just be an innocent
little lamb  who just  can't understand  the charge, and remember

@_date: 2001-03-11 17:36:13
@_author: ubik_heisenberg@freedom.net 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists | Confidential   source agreements 
Congress does not have to follow any constitutional directives.
The congress of the united States of America was ajourned sine die in the mid nineteen century.
What sits in washington is an entity named "congress" that is there only to implement Admiralty Jurisdiction (Roman Law) on the land (i.e. despotism).
The constitution, even if questionnable, applies only to men and women, not to "persons" under Admiralty-type "laws".  In facts, they are not laws but legislations...
M'dears, you've been under Martial law applied by the corporation called "United States) since 150 years...  What do you think that gold fringe around the flag means, exactly?  What do you think the lance tip or the round ball (signifying the last cannon ball shot) means exactly?
You are either a *C*itizen of the united States of America or a *c*itizen of the United States.
The former has unalianeble rights, the later only has privileges.
And the second you accept the court's juridiction, you tacitely accepted the contract that makes you a "person" (from greek "persona", a theatre mask, an assumed identity) under Admiralty law.
So, why the big surprise and revolt?  As you slave, you have only one duty: shut up and obey!  Any shit stirring would be akin mutiny or slave revolt.
As long as you don't claim your rights under Anglo-Saxon Common Law, you have no rights but only Protect your privacy! - Get Freedom 2.0 at

@_date: 2001-03-12 22:57:07
@_author: ubik_heisenberg@freedom.net 
@_subject: If law is based on precedence 
That's exaclty how Admiralty (military) law works.  It is in the contract that you signed by becoming a U.S. citizen that they can do whatever "laws" they want...
In Admiralty (U.C.C. and civil) court, the jury has only an advisory role to the judge, when there is one.
In essence, what counts most is not justice for the subject, but the integrity of the "boat".  The captain is the only authority on the boat.
No.  It is CONTRACT law, aka Admiralty Law, aka Roman Law, aka U.C.C.
You have, under Anglo-Saxon Common Law (ASCL).  But you MUST claim it otherwise, UCC applies.  In ASCL, you MUST void the claims against you.  UCC claims it has jurisdiction over you.  You must void their claim.
Putting "without prejudice" and "all rights reserved" are sufficient to reserve your rights.  But you must know what the "without prejudice" expression means.
The text "The UCC Connection: Free Yourself from Legal Tyranny" by the late Howard Freeman states:
This text was recently posted on the Cypherpunks.  If you want a repost, ask me.
Protect your privacy! - Get Freedom 2.0 at
