
@_date: 2001-01-05 18:57:08
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [IRR] Announcing Cypherpunks-India 
***Please circulate to all interested parties***
This is to announce the Cypherpunks-India mailing list. The list is
for cypherpunks in India, and for those who want to track the
convergence of cryptography, politics and society here.
As you know, I volunteered to organise cypherpunks fleshmeets in
Bangalore a few months ago. We had an initial meet with some hoopla,
along with the Linux-India monthly meet in Bangalore. Public
meetings, however, have not happened since then (as opposed to the
private meetings and interactions - you know who you are.). It's been
difficult co-ordinating with people, who are mostly madly busy and
geographically distributed throughout India. This list, therefore, is
a first step towards giving some structure to the various
behind-the-scenes interactions we've been having, and to spread
awareness of crypto and how it impacts commerce and politics today.
The list is kindly hosted by Vipul Ved Prakash, who needs no
introduction to crypto observers here. Vipul also hosts
 - which is an archive of crypto software
that is mirrored across multiple locations. Vipul also was one of the
finalists in the 3rd Annual Obfuscated Perl Contest with his
dimunitive implementation of the Russian GOST algorithm.
To subscribe, use any ONE of the following URLs:
In the next few days, as things evolve, we will put up some more
information at the URLs above.
Thanks for all your support, and see you on the list!

@_date: 2002-08-10 14:27:58
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: Utilizing Palladium against software piracy 
>I, on the other hand, am able to think of several methods in which
 >Palladium or operating systems built on top of TCPA can be used to
 >assist in the enforcement of software licenses and the fight against
 >software piracy. I therefore, over the course of the night, wrote -
 >and my patent agent filed with the USPTO earlier today - an
 >application for an US Patent covering numerous methods by which
 >software applications can be protected against software piracy on a
 >platform offering the
 >features that are slated to be provided by Palladium.
I can't think why there has been no reaction to this bit yet onlist.
Lucky, could you keep us posted on the progress of this effort, and
what your intentions are (should it be successful), please?

@_date: 2002-06-24 07:58:45
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Fwd: Book Review: Peter Wayner's "Translucent 
I forwarded your review of Wayner's book to, among others, David Brin. He
sent this reply, asking me to pass it on. Seems to have touched a nerve!
((Udhay Shankar N)) ((udhay @ pobox.com)) ((
      God is silent. Now if we can only get Man to shut up.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2002-10-02 21:01:34
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: What email encryption is actually in use? 
I use Eudora, as I'm very comfortable with it (so comfortable, in fact, that it's my primary reason for booting Windows at all.)
The version I use, 5.1, *does* support STARTTLS for POP over both the regular port 110 as well as alternate ports, as well as user-defined ports. It needs some tweaking, but the capability exists.
I don't know about IMAP, as I don't use IMAP to get my mail.

@_date: 2002-10-03 22:02:10
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: What email encryption is actually in use?  
I agree. In fact, the primary reason I use (and recommend) STARTTLS is to defeat logging by snoopy employers and/or clients.

@_date: 2003-11-19 11:12:55
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] bloody hell. 
Suresh Ramasubramanian wrote [ at 07:23 AM 11/18/2003 ]:
BBC NEWS | Technology | Mobile users told to 'chase Bush'
Last Updated: Tuesday, 18 November, 2003, 14:20 GMT
Protesters angry about the "security bubble" around President George Bush
on his UK visit are being asked to use gadgets to be heard and seen.
The Chasing Bush campaign is asking people to "disrupt the PR" of the visit
by spoiling stage-managed photos.
They are being encouraged to send location reports and images by mobile to
be posted on the Chasing Bush site.
"We want to give people a chance to be a visible voice of dissatisfaction,"
said campaign organiser Tim Ireland.
Not smiling
Technologies like text messaging and weblogs have been successfully used in
the past to co-ordinate routes and meet-up points for mass protests.
But the gadgets are now being used more proactively to make protests more
visible and disrupt any potential stage-managing of the President's visit.
"We have been described as a second generation smart mob. We are
encouraging people to use camera phones and send us e-mails with photos,"
campaign co-organiser Richard Wild explained to BBC News Online.
"We are trying to spoil the PR, so we are not doing anything directly, but
encouraging people to protest by turning their backs in press photos so
they can't be used."
The campaign organisers have also asked people to go into protest
"exclusion zones" to send SMS updates and on-location reports about his
appearances, and events at protests.
"We want to show everyone in the world we are doing this and we using the
web channels to influence mainstream channels as much as possible," said Mr
All the messages and pictures will be posted on the website as soon as they
are received.
The site has been designed to be low bandwidth so it can be updated in real
time via appropriate mobile phones using GRPS or laptops from anywhere,
said Mr Wild.
Bush's 'bubble'
The massive security measures for the President's visit are unprecedented.
A huge  police operation has been mounted with 14,000 officers covering
the visit.
Tens of thousands of demonstrators are expected at an anti-war march on
Protests about Bush's visit began on Monday
The security measures have been put in place in response to fears about
public disorder, but also a heightened terrorist threat from al-Qaeda.
A ring of 700 of the President's own secret service agents and security
advisers will surround him in a mobile "bubble" amid fears of terror attacks.
Some newspapers and websites were reporting mobile phone signals could be
blocked for fear they could remote-control a bomb.
But Scotland Yard has denied reports that police were considering shutting
mobile phone masts during protests.
A spokesperson told BBC News Online they were "not prepared to discuss
matters of security".
Although it "would be extremely unusual to do that, and authority would
have to be cleared with all the appropriate regulators."
((Udhay Shankar N)) ((udhay @ pobox.com)) ((

@_date: 2005-12-03 18:05:53
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] foolproof iris recognition? 
Foolproof iris recognition technology?
Posted by Roland Piquepaille @ 10:35 am
For almost twenty years, the iris recognition research field has been
hampered because of a broad patent covering it. As this patent
recently expired, many teams around the world are again working on
new technologies in this field. Iris recognition is in fact seen as
the most accurate biometric recognition technology because no two
irises are identical. And researchers at the University of Bath in
England have developed new computer algorithms which are 100 per cent
accurate in initial trials. Now the researchers are putting online a
database of 16,000 iris images collected mainly from students. The
source code is also available if you want to further improve the algorithms.
Before going further, let's go back in time to understand why this
research field was almost inactive for twenty years. Life Style Extra
tells us the story.
    Looking into a camera to confirm your identity would now be
routine and - were it not for the US firm's virtual monopoly of the
technology - it would already be in use at cashpoints and passport
control. Its backers say it could reduce fraud and illegal immigration.
    Iridian Technologies, based in New Jersey, patented the system
of identifying people using the coloured part of the human eye in the
mid 80s and other scientists have had to pay tens of thousands of
American dollars to do any research in the field, thus hampering competition.
    But the patent expired in the US earlier this year and expires
in the rest of the world in February 2006.
Now, it's time to return to 2005 at the University of Bath.
    Engineers are currently road-testing their technology using a
specially-constructed database containing thousands of iris images
collected from students and colleagues at the University.
    By making this database available to other research groups, the
researchers hope to encourage more advances in iris recognition and
overcome some of the restrictions caused by a generic patent
(recently expired) which has limited innovation for the last two decades.
    "Our new algorithm does the same job as the one used by almost
all of the commercially available iris recognition systems, it just
does it better," said Professor Don Monro from the University's
Department of Electronic and Electrical Engineering.
Below is a picture showing how an iris picture is shot and rendered
on a computer screen before being analyzed (Credit: Smart Sensors Ltd.).
The iris image acquisition process
And below is an illustration of the iris image normalization process
(Credit: Smart Sensors Ltd.).
The iris image normalization process
    First, the inner and outer iris boundaries are located to
eliminate the pupil, eyelid and other "clutter". Then the iris image
is transformed from polar coordinates to a 512x80 fixed size
rectangular image to reduce the effect of iris dilation and
contraction, of which 512x48 will be coded. The non-uniform
background illumination is finally homogenized.
Now that you know how this new technology works, why are these
researchers willing to share their database? Here are Monro's answers.
    Most of the databases that are available are held by commercial
interests, so it is difficult for independent researchers to make
headway in this field.
    We are making the database available online so that researchers
around the world can use it to develop their own products. So far,
more than 30 research groups have applied to use it.
If you want to know more about this project, here are two links at
the University of Bath about the Iris Image Database and the Iris
Capture Project.
And for even more information, one of the industrial partners of the
University of Bath for this project is a U.K. company named Smart
Sensors Ltd., which has published two interesting papers about this
iris recognition technology.
Here are the links to these documents, "Novel high performance iris
feature extraction techniques" (PDF format, 1 page, 119 KB) and
"Complexity low complexity human iris feature coding human iris
feature coding" (PDF format, 1 page, 222 KB). The above illustrations
were extracted from these documents.
Sources: University of Bath news release, November 15, 2005; Life
Style Extra, November 15, 2005; and various web sites
((Udhay Shankar N)) ((udhay @ pobox.com)) ((
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-29 21:34:56
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Delocalizer 
Hackers Rebel Against Spy Cams
By Ann Harrison
BERLIN -- When the Austrian government passed a law this year allowing
police to install closed-circuit surveillance cameras in public spaces
without a court order, the Austrian civil liberties group Quintessenz
vowed to watch the watchers.
Members of the organization worked out a way to intercept the camera
images with an inexpensive, 1-GHz satellite receiver. The signal could
then be descrambled using hardware designed to enhance copy-protected
video as it's transferred from DVD to VHS tape.
The Quintessenz activists then began figuring out how to blind the
cameras with balloons, lasers and infrared devices.
And, just for fun, the group created an anonymous surveillance system
that uses face-recognition software to place a black stripe over the
eyes of people whose images are recorded.
Quintessenz members Adrian Dabrowski and Martin Slunksy presented their
video-surveillance research at the 22nd annual Chaos Communication
Congress here this week. Five hundred hackers jammed into a meeting
room for a presentation that fit nicely into CCC's 2005 theme of
"private investigations."
Slunksy pointed out that searching for special strings in Google, such
as axis-cgi/, will return links that access internet-connected cameras
around the world. Quintessenz developers entered these Google results
into a database, analyzed the IP addresses and set up a website that
gives users the ability to search by country or topic -- and then rate
the cameras.
"You can use this to see if you are being watched in your daily life,"
said Dabrowski.
The conference, hosted by Germany's Chaos Computer Club, featured many
discussions on data interception and pushing back the unprecedented
onslaught of surveillance technologies.
Even the Dutch, once known as hacker-friendly, politically progressive
Europeans, are now fearful and demanding more cameras on their streets,
said Rop Gonggrijp, founder of Dutch ISP Xs4All.
Gonggrijp says the Dutch chief of police has announced the intention to
store large amounts of surveillance data and mine it to determine who
to pressure and question. "People are screaming for more control," said
Dutch journalist Brenno de Winter warned that the European Parliament's
support for data retention doesn't ensure security, and makes citizens
vulnerable to automated traffic analysis of who communicates with whom
through phone calls and internet connections. "What we have seen is a
system that fails because we miss out on too much information, and even
if we have all that information, it doesn't give us the right
information and it is easy to circumvent," said de Winter.
CCC member and security researcher Frank Rieger said hackers should
provide secure communications for political and social movements and
encourage the widespread use of anonymity technologies. He said people
on the other side of the camera need to be laughed at and shamed.
"It must not be cool anymore to have access to this data," said Rieger,
who argued that Western societies are becoming democratically
legitimized police states ruled by an unaccountable elite. "We have
enough technical knowledge to turn this around; let's expose them in
public, publish everything we know about them and let them know how it
feels to be under surveillance."
The four-day Chaos Computer Congress is meeting near Alexanderplatz in
the former East Berlin, where more than a half-million people rallied
for political reform five days before the fall of the Berlin Wall.
In his keynote address, Joichi Ito, general manager of international
operations for Technorati, warned that the internet could itself become
a walled-in network controlled by the International Telecommunication
Union, Microsoft and telecommunications companies.
Ito said these restrictions would stifle free speech and the ability to
question authority without retribution. "An open network is more
important for democracy than the right to bear arms and the right to
vote," said Ito. "Voice is more important than votes."
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-01-03 15:30:19
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: Conspiracy Theory O' The Day 
I just got a batch of spam: perfectly justified blocks of random-looking
characters. Makes me wonder if somebody is trying to train Bayesian filters
to reject PGP messages.

@_date: 2005-01-23 17:24:11
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] A new Social Communication Network: Bellster 
What a cool idea! I wonder if there's a business model or two lurking in
((Udhay Shankar N)) ((udhay @ pobox.com)) ((
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2006-03-07 01:09:57
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Radioactive blood 
Radar Didn't Get Her; Radiation Did
March 3, 2006
By TRACY GORDON FOX, Courant Staff Writer
The large, black SUV passed the woman on the left, abruptly slowed
down, and then dropped behind her. Suddenly, flashing red and blue
lights lit up her rearview mirror.
"Ma'am, you were pulled over because you set off a nuclear radioactive
alarm," a man dressed in a blue jumpsuit-type uniform and a baseball
cap said in a monotone.
It sounds like a scene from the movie "Men in Black." A select group of
state troopers and inspectors from the state Department of Motor
Vehicles now wear ultra-sensitive, portable radiation detectors on
their belts to check for dangerous materials inside large trucks.
But the 45-year-old Suffield woman wasn't hauling nuclear waste. She
had been injected with a radioactive substance for a common medical
Relieved to have completed a series of stress tests on her heart on
Feb. 23, the woman was heading home, seatbelt on, and cruising at the
65 mph speed limit on I-91 north.
Inspectors in the SUV were on a routine assignment when the device
started beeping and they homed in on the woman's car.
The woman, who asked not to be identified, wasn't angry about being
stopped, nor particularly inconvenienced, but baffled as to how police
detected radiation from a substance injected into her body hours
The pager-size devices are so new to Connecticut law enforcement that
even state homeland security officials and top state police were at
first perplexed by the woman's story.
"I've never heard of this being done in my entire life," James Thomas,
commissioner of the state Office of Emergency Management and Homeland
Security, said Wednesday. On Thursday, he called Public Safety
Commissioner Leonard C. Boyle, who also did not know that radiation
could be detected in a moving vehicle.
"I was surprised and did not expect that these devices could detect
radiological activity in a moving car," Boyle said. Both men said they
knew that radiation testing is regularly done at truck stops.
Edward Wilds, director for the division of radiation at the state
Department of Environmental Protection, solved the mystery.
Wilds said Thursday that he was consulted on the purchase of the
device. He said DEP workers have carried them for a while to detect
radiation at scenes involving biological hazards. The state purchased
50 of the "radiological pagers," dividing them between the state police
and the DMV, said Bill Seymour, a DMV spokesman.
Seymour confirmed Thursday that a motor vehicle inspector pulled over
the woman.
"When these things go off, they have an obligation to check it out," he
Seymour said the inspector, who has full police powers, identified
himself as being from the DMV and that his truck was marked with the
agency's insignia.
"These are very sensitive devices," Seymour said, adding that some
officers have reported them going off in buildings "because someone in
the next room on the other side of the wall had a stress test."
Doctors said they have heard of radiation sensors going off at nuclear
plants after patients have had stress tests, but not along highways.
"It is certainly conceivable," said Dr. Bernard Clark, chairman of the
department of medicine and associate chief of cardiology at St. Francis
Hospital and Medical Center in Hartford. "The glass and steel of a car
wouldn't stop it, if they have an extremely sensitive indicator or
In stress tests, which monitor a patient's heart at rest and during
activity, technetium and Cardiolite are injected. Cardiolite is a
substance that helps move technetium, a radioactive isotope, to the
heart muscle, allowing doctors to look at how the blood flows to it,
Clark said. The substance has a half-life of about six hours, and then
starts to dissipate, he said.
"These are very safe agents," he said, adding that they are also used
to scan other organs.
The woman said she quickly explained to the officer that she had just
undergone a medical procedure that involved a radioactive substance.
She had to sign a bunch of forms that explained the risks.
The officer seemed satisfied by her answer, and said, " `That's usually
what it is,' " she said. He asked for her license and registration, and
returned to her car a short time later.
"Nobody at my doctor's office warned me this could happen," the woman
said she told the officer. "He said, `That's because they don't know.'
She drove home and called her husband, who works for the state, telling
him her strange story. Although she is glad someone is monitoring
radioactivity in the state, the woman said she feels a little violated.
"I was pulled over because of something in my bloodstream," she said.
"There are [federal privacy laws], and I pretty much had to tell him I
had a medical test. I was going to say, `none of your business why I'm
radioactive.' But that wouldn't have gotten me that far."
Clark said he assumes there will be a higher level of vigilance for
radioactive material in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist
"You figure on the interstate highways people are going to ship things
that shouldn't be shipped," the doctor said. "Most people aren't
radioactive. If they are, you'd probably want to know why. Are you
carrying weapons grade plutonium, or did you just get a stress test?"
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-07-05 06:54:21
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: Hackers target C-level execs and their families 
Hasn't this already been going on a while? I'm only surprised there hasn't been a big public incident yet.

@_date: 2008-02-05 11:11:25
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: Traffic analysis reveals spy satellite details 
When the government announced last month that a top-secret spy satellite would, in the next few months, come falling out of the sky, American officials said there was little risk to people because satellites fall out of orbit fairly frequently and much of the planet is covered by oceans.
But they said precious little about the satellite itself.
Such information came instead from Ted Molczan, a hobbyist who tracks satellites from his apartment balcony in Toronto, and fellow satellite spotters around the world. They have grudgingly become accustomed to being seen as bpropeller-headed geeksb who bpoke their finger in the eyeb of the governmentbs satellite spymasters, Mr. Molczan said, taking no offense. bI have a sense of humor,b he said.
Mr. Molczan, a private energy conservation consultant, is the best known of the satellite spotters who, needing little more than a pair of binoculars, a stop watch and star charts, uncover some of the deepest of the governmentbs expensive secrets and share them on the Internet.

@_date: 2008-01-20 18:27:59
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] "Unshredding" documents 
Very cool, and very thought-provoking. Shades of both Brin's Transparent Society, and the librarian from _Snow Crash_ in here.
Just like digital data is only considered safely erased when the substrate (e.g, a hard disk) is irrecoverably destroyed, so too, here.
Anybody recall the last line from _The Dead Past_? ;-)
Reassembling a puzzle with 600 million pieces
Husband spying on wife among secrets revealed by `unshredder' chewing through East German secret-police files
Jan 20, 2008 04:30 AM
Brett Popplewell
Staff Reporter
Nineteen years ago, as the Berlin Wall crumbled and democracy swept through communist East Germany, STASI agents  members of the secret police  worked feverishly to destroy millions of top-secret documents in an effort to keep them from Western eyes.
Attempting to shred some 45 million items as quickly as possible, the agents fed page after page into shredding machines. The equipment quickly jammed, leaving the agents to tear up the materials by hand and throw them into garbage bags meant to be incinerated.
But with East Germany quickly falling into the hands of the west, the agents were stopped before they could burn the shreds. Some 600 million pieces in 16,000 bags became the property of the current German government. They have remained, for the most part, in that state.
Then, in May 2007, the German government revealed the world's most sophisticated pattern-recognition machine, the $8.5 million dollar (U.S.) E-Puzzler, which can digitally put back together even the most finely shredded papers.
Developed in Berlin by the Fraunhofer Institute of Production Facilities and Construction Technology, the E-puzzler is a computerized conveyor belt that runs shards of shredded and torn paper through a digital scanner.
Scanning up to 10,000 shreds at once, the machine links them together by their colour, typeface, outline, shape and texture  not unlike how the average human might try to piece together a puzzle. The machine then displays a digital image of the original document on a computer screen.
"The task to automatically reconstruct 16,250 bags full of torn documents using a technical system . . . presents an enormous technological challenge," says Bertram Nickolay, the lead inventor of the machine.
During the Cold War, East Germany's Ministry for State Security  STASI  was regarded as one of the most formidable secret police forces of its day. Using a vast network of civilian informants, the STASI kept files on up to 6 million of East Germany's 16 million citizens through an estimated 400,000 informants from all walks of life.
For decades, neighbours spied on neighbours, priests spied on their flocks, husbands spied on their wives and even children spied on their parents. They reported their discoveries to the 90,000 STASI agents keeping tabs on the population.
Prior to the creation of the E-puzzler, a team of 15 Germans had laboriously been putting the pieces together by hand. But they managed to rebuild only 10,000 documents from 300 bags during 12 years. The German government estimated it would take a further 600 to 800 years to finish the job.
But having uncovered heartbreaking stories of espionage  like that of Vera Lengsfeld, a 54-year old German politician who was shocked to learn she had been spied on by her husband for 11 years  the German public demanded the files be put together more quickly. An estimated 3.4 million Germans have officially requested to see the information the STASI gathered on them.
With the E-puzzler, Nickolay says the government will be able to un-shred the remaining documents by 2013.
Nickolay acknowledges his machine's importance in helping millions of Germans to piece together their former lives. But says his machine is even more significant to the rest of the world.
In addition to piecing together shreds of paper, the machine has been used by Chinese archaeologists to reconstruct smashed Terracotta warriors found in the tomb of Emperor Qin. And the equipment has deciphered barely-legible lists of Nazi concentration camp victims.
There is only one E-puzzler in operation, but Nickolay's team has received interest from other former Eastern Bloc countries looking for a way to get at their own state secrets of the past.
"It's no longer safe to shred a document," Nickolay says. "The only safe way to destroy something is by burning it."

@_date: 2010-07-06 19:50:53
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Virtual prisons: how e-maps are curtailing our freedom 
I must admit I'm curious about what Eugen and Cory (among various others
on this list) will say in response.
 Virtual prisons: how e-maps are curtailing our freedom
    * 06 July 2010 by Mark Monmonier
ELECTRONIC maps are arguably the quintessential innovation of
20th-century cartography. Although a few academic cartographers accord
the map mystical powers, it is merely a tool, useful for good, evil or
both, which citizens can resist or constrain - up to a point. The
question is not whether e-maps will restrict where we go and what we do,
but to what extent.
What I call "restrictive cartography" is not in itself new. Property
maps are at least as old as Roman times, and boundary maps no younger
than kingdoms and nation states. What is new, however, is the
substantial increase in both the number and diversity of restrictive
maps. A comparison of mapping in 1900 and 2000 underscores my point.
Since 1900, we have used maps to exclude industry from residential
neighbourhoods, ban new construction on floodplains, help delineate
"historic" districts that constrain a homeowner's choice of paint colour
or replacement windows, put limits on where and with what weapons we can
hunt game, restrict travel by foreign diplomats and journalists, prevent
sex offenders from living near schools and playgrounds, and keep
aircraft a nautical mile away from a vice-president's weekend retreat.
The public tolerates these cartographic restrictions because many, if
not most, are not only benign but essential. Environmental protection,
for instance, relies on mapping as a regulatory instrument to safeguard
water resources and wildlife habitat. Maps delineating rights of way for
gas lines and other underground facilities guard against accidental
breaches by a digger arm, at least by conscientious contractors. "Call
before you dig" is a mantra of restrictive cartography. Property maps
show rights of way that might thwart a buyer's plan to enlarge a home or
re-configure an access road, and maps of quarantine areas aimed at
farmers stem the spread of fruit-fly infestations. Government officials
publish restrictive maps because they assume the boundaries will be heeded.
In 2010, however, restrictive cartography is on the verge of more
invasive applications as electronic technology replaces graphic lines
requiring conscious interpretation with invisible fences, erected by
proactive, self-enforcing geographical restrictions.
The most impressive examples, and the most frightening, reflect the
integration of geographical information systems (GIS), the Global
Positioning System (GPS), and wireless telecommunications. A tracking
device can instantly report its location to a GIS that determines
whether the person, car or ship under surveillance has entered a
prohibited area. Depending on circumstances and severity, a future
system might be able to debit an offender's bank account, transmit a
vocal warning or electronic pinch, notify the police or military,
disable an engine, or even release a soporific drug into the violator's
Electronic tagging and tracking on an unprecedented level is virtually
certain - and could happen very soon. Motorists who appreciate the
convenience of paying road tolls and parking fees automatically are
unlikely to resist mandatory RFID tags - what's the use if electronic
scanners can collect the same information from licence plates or
bar-coded registration stickers? Electronic tracking makes it easy to
limit access to congested areas and keep heavy trucks off residential
streets, while adding a transponder that reports location enables
automatic enforcement of traffic regulations. Smart algorithms are
likely to be built into the software controlling the transponders, which
could detect erratic driving characteristic of drunkenness or
aggression, perhaps. Minimal resistance to cameras mounted above traffic
lights attests to creeping acquiescence.
An unprecedented level of electronic tagging and tracking is virtually
Because the public is willing to trade control over their lives for
convenience, the cellphone already doubles as a tracking device, and
raises the possibility of "spatial micromanagement": of employees by
employers, of children by parents, of elderly parents by grown children,
and of suspected subversives by the authorities. Meanwhile, strategies
for encouraging cooperation include GPS wristwatches, security badges,
ankle bracelets and even subdermal chips.
Threats to privacy and personal freedom are well known and obvious. In
the spring 2003 issue of the IEEE Technology and Society Magazine,
geographers Jerome Dobson and Peter Fisher warned of "geoslavery" by
obsessive husbands or boyfriends, poised to punish perceived transgressions.
The fact that geospatial tracking might be equally efficient for
enforcing restraining orders on those who abuse their partners
underscores an inherent ambiguity that impels acceptance, especially in
the name of public safety or national defence. If the tracking of sex
offenders, stalkers and people with Alzheimer's is acceptable, why not
the tracking of thieves and drunk drivers?
Once in place, a national geospatial surveillance administration can
accommodate an ever-wider variety of electronic boundary lines, and
offer disgruntled taxpayers an alternative to costly incarceration. For
many crimes, an electronic map makes more sense than a prison, which may
well only reinforce antisocial behaviour and allow criminals to exchange
tricks of the trade.
Efficient, but hardly fail-safe. Electronic cartography is vulnerable to
incompetent technicians, malevolent hackers, cyber-terrorists and
lobbyists for "special interests". Like traditional maps, e-cartography
invites manipulation by government or corporations, often in the guise
of national defence or free-market capitalism.
While maps on the internet can advertise prohibitions and justify new
delineations, this apparent openness is easily compromised. Particularly
portentous is the way online mapping blurs details presumed useful to
saboteurs but which are in fact easily viewable, after a little
research, elsewhere on the internet.
Boundaries developed for one purpose are too easily adopted for another,
as when postal codes (designed merely to speed up mail delivery) are
used to set rates for car insurance.
More troubling are the incongruities that might arise from mixing maps
compiled from different sources. For example, it's risky to transfer
boundaries from a detailed property survey onto a generalised highway
map on which curves have been smoothed out or symbols shifted to avoid
And consider the electronic maritime navigation system that combines
satellite positioning with a visual display derived from conventional,
less geographically precise maps: quite likely the maps scanned into the
system were made by hydrographers who had a less accurate sense of where
they were than the 21st-century mariner's GPS. Although a skipper might
snicker when a screen shows the ship on the beach when it's clearly
offshore, only a fool would surrender all control to an electronic
But it would be a mistake to portray this new brand of restrictive
mapping as Orwellian: it is a natural part of social, political and
cartographic evolution. In the end, then, we must hope that fear of
litigation or other pragmatic issues may prove more influential than
concerns over privacy in limiting the growth of restrictive cartography
in an electronic age. We shall see.
Mark Monmonier is distinguished professor of geography at the Maxwell
School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse University, New York.
This essay is based on his new book No Dig, No Fly, No Go: How maps
restrict and control, which builds on his How to Lie with Maps, both
published by University of Chicago Press

@_date: 2010-10-08 18:26:27
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] You're a liar! Draw! 
What an awesomely cool idea. Also, like many great hacks, an extremely
simple idea at its core.
If You Want to Catch a Liar, Make Him Draw
Liars stumble when they can't verbalize their lies
Published on October 4, 2010
A man accused of a crime is brought into a police interrogation room and
sits down at an empty table. There's no polygraph equipment in sight,
and the typical two-cop questioning team isn't in the room either.
Instead, one officer enters the room with a piece of paper and a pencil
in his hands. He sets them in front of the suspect, steps back, and
calmly says, "draw."
That's a greatly oversimplified description of what could happen in
actual interrogation rooms if the results of a study in the journal
Applied Cognitive Psychology were widely adopted. The study is the first
to investigate whether drawing is an effective lie detection technique
in comparison to verbal methods.
Related Links
Researchers hypothesized that several tendencies would become evident in
the scribbles and sketches of liars not found in those of non-liars. For
instance, they suspected that liars, when asked to sketch out the
particulars of a location where they hadn't really been to meet someone
they hadn't really met, would provide less detail in their drawings.
They also suspected that the drawing would seem less plausible overall,
and would not include a depiction of the person they allegedly met.
They also hypothesized that non-liars would use a "shoulder-camera"
perspective to draw the situation--a direct, line-of-sight view that
previous research suggests is more indicative of truth telling. Liars,
they suspected, would use an "overhead-camera" perspective, indicating a
sense of detachment from the situation.
Subjects were given a "mission" that included going to a designated
location and meeting a person with whom they would exchange information.
In all, four different missions were conducted. The particulars of the
missions were constructed such that about half of the participants
would, when interviewed, be able to tell the truth about what happened,
and half would have to lie (the researchers used a fabricated espionage
theme to work this out--very clever).
During the interview, subjects were asked questions about their
experience, as would happen in a normal interrogation, and also asked to
draw the particulars of their experience. Results of the verbal
responses could then be compared to the drawn responses to determine
which method was more effective in identifying liars.
Here's what happened: No significant differences in level of detail were
found between verbal and drawn statements, but the plausibility of
truthful drawings was somewhat higher than deceptive drawings. A similar
difference in plausibility was not evident between truthful and
deceptive verbal statements.
More interestingly, significantly more truth tellers included the
"agent" (other person in the situation) in their drawings than did liars
(80% vs. 13%). In addition, significantly more truth tellers drew from a
shoulder-camera view than liars, who by and large drew from an overhead
view (53% vs. 19%). In verbal statements, more truth tellers also
mentioned the agent than liars (53% vs. 19%).
Using the "sketching the agent" result alone, it was possible to
identify 80% of the truth tellers and 87% of the liars--results superior
to most traditional interview techniques.
The main reason drawing seems to be effective in identifying liars is
that they have less time to work out the details. Someone who is telling
the truth already has a visual image of where they were and what
happened (even if it's not perfect, which of course it never is), but
liars have to manufacture the details. It's easier to concoct something
verbally than to first visualize and then create it on paper.
Copyright 2010 - David DiSalvo

@_date: 2011-01-13 08:43:09
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Stochastic Terrorism 
Fascinating idea. A logical extension of dead drops (or even multi-part
crypto keys, if you think about it). Or even Psychohistory. On a related note, I'd recommend John Robb's [1] thoughts on "Open
Source Warfare" [2].
[1] [2] Stochastic Terrorism:  Triggering the shooters.
by G2geek
Mon Jan 10, 2011 at 05:37:39 PM PST
Stochastic terrorism is the use of mass communications to stir up random
lone wolves to carry out violent or terrorist acts that are
statistically predictable but individually unpredictable.
This is what occurs when Bin Laden releases a video that stirs random
extremists halfway around the globe to commit a bombing or shooting.
This is also the term for what Beck, O'Reilly, Hannity, and others do.
And this is what led directly and predictably to a number of cases of
ideologically-motivated murder similar to the Tucson shootings.
Update: the mechanism spelled out.
(This update is to resolve some ambiguity.)
The person who actually plants the bomb or assassinates the public
official is not the stochastic terrorist, they are the "missile" set in
motion by the stochastic terrorist.  The stochastic terrorist is the
person who uses mass media as their means of setting those "missiles" in
Here's the mechanism spelled out concisely:
The stochastic terrorist is the person who uses mass media to broadcast
memes that incite unstable people to commit violent acts.
One or more unstable people responds to the incitement by becoming a
lone wolf and committing a violent act.   While their action may have
been statistically predictable (e.g. "given the provocation, someone
will probably do such-and-such"), the specific person and the specific
act are not predictable (yet).
The stochastic terrorist then has plausible deniability: "Oh, it was
just a lone nut, nobody could have predicted he would do that, and I'm
not responsible for what people in my audience do."
The lone wolf who was the "missile" gets captured and sentenced to life
in prison, while the stochastic terrorist keeps his prime time slot and
goes on to incite more lone wolves.
Further, the stochastic terrorist may be acting either negligently or
deliberately, or may be in complete denial of their impact, just like a
drunk driver who runs over a pedestrian without even realizing it.
Finally, there is no conspiracy here: merely the twisted acts of
individuals who are promoting extremism, who get access to national
media in which to do it, and the rest follows naturally just as an
increase in violent storms follows from an increase in average global
And now we return to the rest of the original diary...

@_date: 2011-07-12 18:44:58
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] World Cyberwar And the Inevitability of Radical Transparency 
I see nothing "inevitable" about this (see John Walker's take [2] for an
opposing viewpoint), but I respect David's viewpoint, and obviously he's
devoted a few decades to thinking about this.
[1] World Cyberwar And the Inevitability of Radical Transparency
How WikiLeaks ignited the first international cyber war and how
pro-business laws enacted to promote the growth of Silicon Valley's
digital media and technology
companies inadvertently nurtured transformation activists shaking up and
toppling governments around the world.
July 6, 2011 - by David Brin
ARE WE heading into an era when light will shine upon everyone, even the
mighty? Will the benefits of such an age outweigh the inevitable costs?
Recent events that powerfully illustrate these trade-offs range from the
WikiLeaks Affairbpublishing a quarter million documents purloined from
the United States governmentbto the tech-empowered Arab Spring that
followed to the battle being waged on our own streets between law
enforcement agencies and citizens who record their activities.
  Perhaps I come to this topic pre-jaded. In The Transparent Society
(1997), I forecast that traditional notions of secrecy would crumble in
the early 21st century. For many reasonsbtechnical, social and
politicalb"leaks" would grow into tsunamis that carve a radically
different world. My 1989 novel Earth portrayed near-future events like
massive dumps of military and diplomatic secrets that rattle governments
powerless to keep up with amateur cunning and changing values.
  Prescience aside, this sea change will drive outcomes far more complex
than outdated nostrums of left or right. Multiple trends seem to pull in
opposing directions. For example, ever since 9/11 and the Patriot Act,
many Americans have perceived us entering a nearly Orwellian era, in
which the state probes, pokes and scrutinizes us from every angle, and
allows corporationsbfrom banks to Google and Facebookbto do the same.
Dana Priest and William Arkin, in the Washington Post, fret that we've
become a "monitored nation" and world.
"(T)he United States is assembling a vast domestic intelligence
apparatus to collect information about Americans, using the FBI, local
police, state homeland security offices and military criminal
investigators. The system ... collects, stores and analyzes information
about thousands of U.S. citizens and residents, many of whom have not
been accused of any wrongdoing."
Is China the future? American companies like Cisco are right now bidding
to take part in a project to span the city of Chongqing with 500,000
cameras in an integrated surveillance system. Find that both impressive
and chilling? Well, democratic Britain has an even larger camera
network. In the future, what separates free and unfree nations won't be
the presence of surveillance, but whether citizens are fully empowered
to look back.
Never before have so many people been empowered with practical tools of
transparency. Beyond access to instantly searchable information from
around the world, nearly all of us now carry in our pockets a device
that can take still photographs and video, then transmit the images
anywhere. Will the growing power of elites to peer down at
usbsurveillancebultimately be trumped by a rapidly augmenting ability of
citizens to look back at those in powerbor "sousveillance"?
This issue is being wrangled right now, on our streets. Far more ominous
than the WikiLeaks affair is a trend of police officers waging
unofficial war against camera-toting citizens, arresting bystanders for
digitally recording cops in action. Obsolete wire-tapping and privacy
laws are contorted to justify seizure and destruction of recordings made
even in public places.
  We can sympathize with officers doing a harsh, underappreciated job,
resenting the addition of one more source of stressbrelentless scrutiny.
I appreciate not only the skill and professionalism that helped reduce
crime in the United States but also the daily fight for self-control
that each officer must wage, under conditions that might send any of us
into uncontrollable rage. We all carry hormonal and psychological
baggage from the Stone Age ... and from 5,000 years of urban life, when
the king's thugs never thought twice before pounding the heads of punks.
  But times and rules change. We're more demanding now. In fact, most
officers are adapting well to our new standards, clenching their teeth
and calling "sir" even the most outrageously abusive drunks. I'm proud
to know some of these folks and I grasp their worry that some
street-corner putz might record a momentary, but career threatening lapse.
Yet, how can the assertion that cops deserve "privacy" stand up against
our far greater need for accountability? Shall we surrender the only
protection that citizens ever had against abusive powerbthe truth? We
won't allow it. More to the point, technology won't allow it. For, like
Moore's Law, the cameras get smaller, cheaper, more numerous and more
mobile every year.
When all of this equilibrates, juries, review boards and citizens will
make allowances for good people, caught making rare mistakes. We'll have
to, if we want our cities patrolled. Ironically, that broad perspective
will only evolve once we're convinced we really are seeing it all. That
our enhanced vision protects us.
If the odds seem to favor citizen-power at street level, others want to
apply principles of transparent accountabilitybor sousveillancebto
higher echelons of power
Clearly a panoply of transparency activists out there, including the
folks behind WikiLeaks, think it possible to restore balance in favor of
people, by applying copious amounts of light.
And, just as clearly, those in high places wince at being scrutinized.
(Human nature yet again.) For example, months ago, the U.S. Department
of Justice launched a criminal probe of WikiLeaks. Did Julian Assange
commit crimes by revealing those secret cables? Are the world's powers
shaken to their core, withholding vengeance only because Assange holds
"poison pill" revelations in reserve?
We've seen a maelstrom of indignant fury with all sides claiming the
moral high ground. Banks and credit companies that reject doing business
with WikiLeaks have been punished by leaderless networks of online
activistsbwho are in turn attacked by "patriotic hackers."
Meanwhile, similar cycles of sabotage or theft, followed by retaliation,
are seen when hackers from China or the former Soviet bloc invade
Western computer systems, compromising either intellectual property or
stores of personal identities, or destabilize systems like Facebook and
Google that empower citizen movements in other countries. Accusations
fly amid a growing cast of intermeshed characters.
Is this the full-tilt outbreak of cyber war, with nations and
corporations waging battle through deniable proxies? (Frederik Pohl
forecast such a dismal cycle in his prophetic novel The Cool War.) We
may yet miss the old days, when uniformed soldiers were accountable to
national flags.
Refocusing back on the WikiLeaks Affair, with every news organization
re-publishing his info-spills, is Assange right to call himself a
frontline journalist? Because someone else actually snooped the
documents in question, and WikiLeaks merely passed them along, is
Assange protected by Western constitutional traditions and free speech?
David Brin THE MAN WITH THE POISON PILL: Are the world's powers shaken
to their core because WikiLeaks' Julian Assange is holding some bigger
revelations in reserve?
Transparency Pays
"Do not revile the king even in your thoughts, or curse the rich in your
bedroom, because a bird in the sky may carry your words, and a bird on
the wing may report what you say."bEcclesiastes 10:20
An overall trend toward greater openness will be essential to our
survival as individuals, nations, and even as a species.
We have bet our lives, and our children's, on the continued success of a
civilization that provides our material needs better than any other. One
that has inarguably fostered greater levels of lawful peacebboth per
capita and for billions worldwidebthan any predecessor. It also
engendered both social mobility and repudiation of prejudice to a degree
thatbif woefully unfinishedbno prior society ever matched. Nor could any
combination of others equal our rate of discovery and new learning.
Even the way we are self-critical and unsatisfiedbangrily rejecting
braggart paragraphs like the one above and focusing instead on further
improvementsbeven that reflex is consistent with a civilization that has
real potential. One that would have stunned our ancestors.
Underlying all of this is the positive-sum notion that a competitive
society doesn't have to be strewn with ruined losers. In some kinds of
games, one player might win more than othersbe.g., getting richbbut the
outcome leaves everybody way ahead, even the "defeated." That may sound
absurdly sunny. Cheating abounds and capitalism always teeters toward
the old pit of feudalism. Still, enlightenment civilization's major
decision-making componentsb markets, democracy, science and
justicebreally have delivered positive-sum outcomes a lot of the time.
We are living proof.
Here's the key point: All four of those human problem-solving
arenasbmarkets, democracy, science and justicebflourish only in light,
when all parties get to see. When darkness prevails, they wither and die.
Specifically: Open markets depend on maximizing the number of knowing
buyers, sellers and competitors. (Adam Smith despised the secret
conniving of oligarchs and blamed thembnot socialistsbfor market
failures.) Democracy only functions well when vigorously engaged in by
knowing and curious citizens.
Our third and fourth pillarsbscience and  justicebcannot function in
darkness at all. These four backbone components count on the same, core
innovationbreciprocal accountabilitybto foster creative competition and
to check our natural human penchant for cheating.
If 4,000 years of history demonstrate one thing, it is that you will
cheat, if there isn't plenty of light to stop you. Yes, I'm talking
about you. And me. The obvious conclusion? Anyone who demands extended
secrecy should face a burden of proof. (See Note 1 below)
Now, let's be clear. The Enlightenment is about pragmatism, and no
purist dogma is ever 100 percent right, even transparency. For example,
one topic calling for negotiated compromise is personal privacy. And few
claim that a military can function entirely in the open. Not yet, at
least. (See Note 2)
The WikiLeaks Case exposes several more areas where limits to
transparency are open to intense debate.
So here's the question: To what extent do governments have a need or
right to keep secrets from citizens? And who should decide when
government leaders have crossed the line?
My answer is default openness, with a steadily rising burden of proof
for institutional secrecyba pragmatic but unswerving movement toward a
world of accountability and light. Nevertheless, it is a burden of proof
that can be met! Not all secrecybeven government secrecybis
automatically evil.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange prescribes a different answer: zero
tolerance. Immediate and radical transparency. Moreover, the decision to
reveal government secrets can be made ad hoc and peremptorily by an
individual. One who never voted for or againstbor paid taxes tobthe
government in question. (See Note 3)
David Brin THE WORLD IS WATCHING: The successful revolt in Tunisia was
fueled by a protest movement that knew about the power of hand-held
media, like cell phone cameras.
The Trend Forward
  Of course, our Enlightenment experiment is about much more than
markets, science, democracy and justice. These institutions fail without
spirited citizen involvement. Laws against racism would be futile
without the inner changes of heart that millions have performed, in two
short generations.
Deep underneath their bickering, republicans and democrats share a
mental reflexbSuspicion of Authority (SOA)bthat goes back generations,
differing mostly over which elite they see looming as a potential Big
Brother, even while making excuses for the elites they prefer. In a
sense we all want more transparency and light ... to shine on groups
that we dislike.
Do average citizens really matter? They may seem feeble compared to
influential elites: power brokers of government, wealth, celebrity,
criminality, corporations and academia. But this changes when
individuals band together in new-style nongovernmental organizations on
the front lines of the transparency fight.
Take Peter Gabriel's Project Witness. PW buys up last year's video
equipment, in cheap lots, then hands crateloads of cameras to activists,
in places where fighting for democracy can take prodigious courage,
spreading accountability at the local level where it affects lives, a
few hundred at a time. Drawing attention to ten thousand small
struggles, they show how a little added light can save or empower the
next Nelson Mandela. (See  for details.)
Some efforts that are rebelliously pro-freedom can't exactly be called
"pro-transparency." A decade ago, the fad among hackers was
encryptionbpromoting a quaint notion that the scales of justice can be
balanced in all directions, if everyone were somehow kept blind to each
others' identities.
  Some Assange allies, like Jacob Appelbaum, distribute a system called
Tor that empowers dissidents living in oppressive states to communicate
with messages that are cleverly enciphered and rerouted. While the
cypherpunks' dream of crypto-empowered world paradise is impractical on
many levels, it has proved useful to whistle blowers.
What these and other endeavors share is a pragmatic approach to
spreading liberty and accountability. If all the world's people become
habitual defenders of freedom and accountability in the local realms
that affect them most, where individual action can be effective, then,
as Alexis de Toqueville showed two centuries ago, those habits will
propel us along the spectrum of progress, whatever happens on the
Olympian heights of pompous presidents and tycoons.
  Indeed, steps toward new-era transparency are even taking place at the
highest levels. The Obama administration claims to have cut away at the
Everest-high pile of classified documents left by its predecessors and
to have tightened rules for who can declare something secret, and when.
Meanwhile, even in Switzerland, Alpine haven for elite confidentiality,
changes may be afoot. A Swiss-based banking consortium has proposed new
codes under which financiers' compensation packages should be more
transparent to investors. Are these steps toward transparency sincere?
Will they be enough, when people in developing nations demand a return
of lucre stolen by their ex-dictators?
Leak to History
We aren't the first generation in this struggle. Today's inventors of
freedom-friendly toolsbfrom anonymizers and re-routers that evade
censorship to sniffer-correlators that help average folk peer past elite
veilsbseem blithely ignorant of just how old and difficult the problem
has been.
These self-styled paladins of a new era should recall that our principal
weapon in defending freedom and hope predates the Internet by more than
200 years. It has roots in 18th-century pamphleteers, in the
constitutional deliberations of Philadelphia and (yes) even in the
old-fashioned nations that still make up the foundation of our
Enlightenment. A foundation that some of the folks at WikiLeaksbin their
righteous self-congratulationbtend to ignore, even though they count on
it for their very lives.
Indeed, what is the worldwide blog community, other than a vast
expansion of the sensor web that we all had, in our tribes and villages
of old, when gossip revealed even the peccadilloes of the chiefs?
Notable among the tattles spilled by WikiLeaks were Sarah Palin's hacked
email messages, a banned report on assassinations and torture enacted by
Kenyan police, the confidential membership list of a British neo-fascist
party and tens of thousands of classified documents related to the war
in Afghanistan. A year ago, the website stirred up an international
furor by publishing emails purportedly showing scientific collusion
among global-warming experts.
An aside. Was the last revelation an attempt to "spread the love" and
prove non-leftist evenhandedness? Or a manifestation of Assange's
eagerness to spill whatever would get him headlines? We may never know.
But carelessness in that casebfailing to investigate his source or
understand the contextbput in question Assange's long-standing claim to
be a "journalist." Indeed, one major drawback of splurge-type leak sites
is their susceptibility to be used as unwitting proxies in battles among
hidden giants.
WikiLeaks' first major media breakthrough came in April 2010. At a press
conference in Washington, Assange unveiled a 2007 combat video from the
view of an American Apache helicopter in Iraq, repeatedly opening fire
on a group of people on the ground, including some in a van that
approached and began helping the wounded. The soldiers' giggling,
game-boy background commentary was deeply disturbing.
But the event that catapulted WikiLeaks into the forefront of
international attention, making Assange a 2010 finalist for Time
magazine's "Person of the Year," was the page-by-page release of more
than 250,000 State Department "cables" and other documents, allegedly
swiped by a U.S. Army private, giving the world an unprecedented view of
the chatter and candid views of American diplomats.
When WikiLeaks tweeted that "The coming months will see a new world,
where global history is redefined," we saw the extent of its preening
confidence and pro-transparency ambition. Nor were U.S. government
secrets to be anything more than an appetizer. Promised soon? Tens of
thousands of documents from a major U.S. banking firm, then material
from pharmaceutical corporations, finance and energy companies.
Again, the deep justification is undeniable. We'll soon face a rising
flood of technological breakthroughs that could either benefit us all or
else do jagged harm to humanity and the world. With hard decisions and
tipping points coming ever-faster, we'll do betterband possibly even
survivebif each crisis-choice is debated openly. (See Note 4)
Essential precursors for WikiLeaks go way back. But for legal guidance,
most observers have been zeroing in on the Pentagon Papers affair, when
Daniel Ellsberg released documents showing how the U.S. government lied
or manipulated perceptions during the Vietnam War. Assange is relying on
precedents from that era to stay free and in business.
Unlike Britain, whose Official Secrets Act gives the state power to
pre-censor journalists or penalize them for publishing forbidden
information, the United States Government (USG) has less legal standing
to go after leakers. Even the 1917 Espionage Act, passed in a xenophobic
rush during World War I, only decrees punishment for unauthorized
possession of national defense information if it is thereupon given to
"any person not entitled to receive it," and if the provider has reason
to believe it "could be used to the injury of the United States or to
the advantage of any foreign nation."
  As interpreted by courts during the Pentagon Papers era, this law
leaves a pretty generous out for journalists who passively receive such
secrets and then publish them. The government bears an appropriately
steep burden of proof to show not only that there was substantial
"injury" or foreign "advantage," but that the journalist also had strong
reason to expect this.
Note that this is a separate matter from prosecuting the individual who
gathered and leaked the information, in the first place. Any person who
either invaded a USG database to access files or who violated a position
of trust in order to remove them, has broken a number of other laws, for
which penalties can be severe. In the current case, U.S. Army Private
Bradley Manning awaits court martial for swiping the State Department
and Pentagon files that made Assange an international figure. Although
somebe.g., Berkeley city councilmembersbhave called Manning a hero and a
martyr, few expect Manning to evade punishment.
Assange is another matter. The gaps that currently make it hard to
prosecute him include provisions under Section 230 of the 1996
Communications Decency Act that offer a safe harbor for online "middle
parties," protecting them from liability for passing along most kinds of
material they receive from an initial content provider.
In fact, current law cuts both ways. The same regulations also protect
those companies who have acted to cut off, or hem-in, WikiLeaks. As
Nancy Scola put it, on the Personal Democracy Forum:
"Section 230 is one of the fundamental reason why the United States is a
friendlier nation to the Internet and to building Internet businesses
than so many others are. But the flip side of 230 is that companies are
also given protections for taking down from their services content that
they find objectionable. And when it comes to Wikileaks, we're arguably
seeing companies that have been given so much freedom by Section 230
running and hiding behind its protections when the heat is on."
  Initially, the Pentagon acknowledged that no person or vital national
interest appeared to have been harmed by WikiLeaks. This reassurance
came into question in December with a W-leaked list of overseas sites
potentially both vulnerable to terrorist attack and of critical
importance to the United States. This seems to undermine any claim that
the documents were vetted to reduce potential for harm.
  Yet, this affair is rich in irony. For example, is it totally
coincidence that the recent Arab Spring movement spread across North
Africa and the Middle East just after WikiLeaks spilled all those State
Department cables? Confidential memos that revealed how deeply our
foreign service officers and diplomats despised the dictators they had
to deal with? One net effect was to mute any anti-American theme among
the young democracy activists. Geopolitically, this unintended result
may outweigh all the harm that Assange thought he was doing to the U.S.
We need to remember the big picture: that if doses of transparency are
sometimes discomfiting or inconvenient to the leaders and agencies of a
clumsy-but-well-meaning democracy, those same doses are often downright
lethal to our enemiesbelites of criminality or fanaticism or obstinate
Ultimately, if we are led by smart people, they should see that the
historical role of the United Statesband its best interestsbwill be
served by adapting quickly to a worldwide secular trend toward more
light. In fact, abetting this trend should be a central strategic goal
for America and its allies, since this trend leads to victory for our
type of civilization.
Geeks Strike Back
What about all that talk of "cyber-war"? The cyber-activist community
lined up en masse to defend Julian Assange. For example, Anonymous, a
leaderless group of activist hackers, has avowed credit for denial of
service attacks on Mastercard, in revenge for that company cutting off
payment flows to WikiLeaks. Attacks have also targeted PayPal, Amazon,
VISA and other companies. When Post-Finance, the Swiss national postal
bank, froze Assange's account because he falsely claimed local residency
on his deposit forms, this drew vigorous assaults by hacker activists,
or hacktivists. (Hypocrisy alert: When has such a lapse ever before
bothered Swiss bankers?)
"Corrutpt governments of the world," began a recent message on the
Anonymous group's YouTube site. "To move to censor content on the
Internet based on your own prejudice is, at best, laughably impossible,
at worst, morally reprehensible."
In a few short weeks, simply by appealing for volunteers, the Anonymous
group recruited more than 9,000 computer owners in the United States and
3,000 in Britain to download the software to incorporate their machines
into the network that attacks WikiLeaks' enemies.
Via a supportive online "tweet," Electronic Frontier Foundation
co-founder John Perry Barlow told the Anonymous hackers, "The first
serious info war is now engaged. The field of battle is WikiLeaks. You
are the troops." See
Resistance Is Feudal
In The Transparent Society, I profiled members of this loose
international community, whose mixture of brilliant skill, individualism
and light-weight transcendentalism seems to hark back at least to the
Freemasons, or perhaps the Jesuits, if there is any useful precedent at
Evidently, they are the purest products of a Western Enlightenment that
they alternately revere and spurn with dripping contempt. A force to be
collectively reckoned with, they also tend toward utter confidence in
their superior spycraft, as well as blithe assurance that history is on
their side.
However, there are drawbacks to the notion of cyberpunks as combatants.
Their proposed "army" combines all the worst traits of a militant
underground and a chaotic schoolyard. The Anonymous network, for
example, operates as a collective in which control devolves to whichever
members just happen to be signed in, at any particular moment.
At present, that model works, because the tasks are simplebto shuttle
some encrypted files around, to share and coordinate some hack-attack
programs among a few thousand volunteers ... or perhaps a few tens of
thousands of bystanders who have inadvertently let themselves be
hijacked in a botnet.
Fine, so far. But this model will break down when it is discovered that
the National Security Agencybthrough several hundred feigned
identitiesbcan sign in and simply vote itself control, whenever it so
Or take the pathetic case of Bradley Manning, the bored, low-level
nerd-in-uniform who let his daydreaming ennui get the best of him in
dusty Iraq. When Manning impulsively decided to copy those documents off
SIPRNet, he took all sorts of precautions to keep the theft from being
noticed and to encrypt the documents' transmission to WikiLeaks. Then he
bragged about it to a supposedly trustworthy hacker confidante, who
promptly sold him out.
  There is an endearing air of naivete in all the bellicose "war" talk,
coming from hacker-nerds whose principal experience with combat is World
of Warcraft. Few have studied the history of revolutionary movements and
methods in detail, the ancient techniques used by rebels and secret
police in deadly cat-and-mouse games stretching back from the KGB and
Gestapo, through czarist Russia, Ching and Tang China, Babylon and
across 4,000 years of recorded history. Like bribery, blackmail,
co-opting, threats to loved-ones ... and quiet disappearance. Few of
these age-old methods will be inconvenienced by geeky methods like
If things truly were as dire as some hackers romantically claim, if our
civilization is already like those other despotisms  and if these
would-be freedom fighters really are our last-best hopebthen one can
wish they would preen less and study-up history more. For all our sakes.
Sensible Steps
Ultimately though, even the WikiLeaks model is untenable. For all of the
hacker chic, such quasi-institutions are lead by a few identifiable
people. If the cyber-mythos is correct, it represents at-best an
intermediate phase on our path to a universally empowered, all-knowing
citizenry. A path better served by pragmatic, incrementalist reformers.
Take an endeavor loosely led by Peter Sunde, one of the founders of the
anti-copyright Pirate Bay website. Techie activists hope to construct an
alternative, decentralized, peer-to-peer (P2P) system that would
continue to use today's Internet infrastructure but bypass the internet
"phone book" maintained by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names
and Numbers.
As the only semblance of an Internet governing body, ICANN has one slim
authoritybover the 286 "dot" domains (.com, .net etc.), but even that
narrow power offends the anti-authority spirit of young netizen
anarchists like Sunde. (See Note 5)
  If their plan works, according to Paul Marks of The New Scientist, "a
sort of shadow Internet could form, one in which legal action against
counterfeiters and copyright scofflaws would be nearly impossible."
Some other options are already simmering, and these seem even harder to
prevent, at least in a minimally free society. For example, if the
forces of net neutrality lose every coming regulatory and legislative
fight, leaving both the old web and "Internet 2" firmly in the grasp of
major corporate and state interests, this will only propel alternative,
peer-to-peer systems to abandon standard pipes and fiber, taking flight
to rooftop transceivers and nodes that are completely citizen-owned or
which use cell phone networks. And if every advanced nation bans such
P2P systems? Then they will flourish in the developing world, giving
those rising countries a competitive advantage.
These are a few samples of the innovations that loom on the horizon. In
them we see, distilled, a core difference between two kinds of
transparency activists: pragmatic techno-incrementalists and the
One hacktivist told me: "Governments and corporatists can plug every
hole, but new leaks will pop open. Information wants to be free, and
nothing will avail the federal mastodons and company sloths, or prevent
new hemorrhages till they bleed to death."
To net-mystics, that is more than just an assertion, to be tested by
unfolding events, but a catechism of faith, like in old-timey religions,
or the communist teleology that few of them have read.
We transparency pragmatists know better. History shows that light can
fail. It has failed, far more often than not. Ask Pericles. Ask the
Gracchi, the Florentines and the Weimar liberals. For light and openness
to cleanse this civilization and make it succeed, we'll need practical
innovations and negotiated compromises, sometimes taking one step
sideways, or even backward, for every three steps forward. It may be
polemically unsatisfying to purists, but the general, overall, forward
trend is worth fighting for. Even compromising for.
How were racism and sexism reduced and driven largely into ill-repute,
during our lifetimes? Partly through the self-reforming of millions of
individual hearts ... but also through new laws, passed by growing
citizen consensus, utilizing those enlightenment processes of science,
justice and democratic government. And to whatever extent humanity is
now finally heeding our duty as planetary managers, don't we owe a lot
to government-funded research and wave after wave of environmental laws?
More practically speaking, what chance will Project Witness, or
Transparency International, or citizen camera-wielders, or the Chinese
local democracy activists have, if the general background tone of
international morality and law ceases to be led by Western Enlightenment
In part, the libretto sung by Assange and his supporters seems more
libertarian than socialist ... or else perhaps its anti-government
rhetoric harkens back to quaint traditions of anarcho-socialism. Either
way, in their gleeful adoption of the wild and open Internet as a model
for a low governance utopia, aren't they forgetting where the Internet
came from? Or the full context of their struggle?
  Consider: These fellows are heroes only if you assume that freedom for
individuals, accountability for the mighty, fair competition, steady
progress, social mobility, flattened power hierarchies and honest-open
discourse are all ultimately desirable things. I happen to agree.
Only remember, these traits were never highly rated in most human
societies, where obedience, ritual, type-purity and conformity were far
more highly valuedband where "innovation" was often a dirty word. In
other words, Assange, and the hacktivists and their supporters are only
heroes under the light cast by a narrow, individualist culture that
still has all the historicalbeven biologicalbodds stacked against it.
Any other society would have, by now, simply taken their heads and been
done with it.
Raised by that same culture, I want Assange and his supporters to keep
their heads! I want WikiLeaks ...or something better...or many better
things ...to stay in business. Because the over-reaction that some of
the hacktivists seem bent on provoking will do no good for the overall
The hope, expressed somewhat more aggressively by "Valkyrie Ice" in h+
Magazine, is that "It really doesn't matter whether Wikileaks is stopped
or not. It's just the opening salvo in the final war between
unaccountable elitism, and accountable equality, and there is only one
real possible outcome, though there may be many partial victories for
those who seek to remain unaccountable. It may take decades, but the
future will belong to Transparency."
I hope the optimists prove right. Nevertheless, look around the world
today. The Enlightenment is still hard beset by forces that would
undermine or ruin it, either from the outside or within. Forces bent on
restoring those olderband possibly more inherently humanbways of
Need for Nations
Here is where we pragmatist pushers-of-transparency differ from the
romantics. Across the last 300 years, flags and nations and governments
mattered. They have been clumsy, blunt instruments, but the nations that
livedbeven crudelybby Enlightenment codes propelled a great experiment
in human living that departed from the old ways. Furthermore, the
nations that express general fealty to rights and accountability and
justice and science are still "rebels" in a world where human nature
keeps conspiring to drag us down again, into feudalism.
We have to watch these public organs carefully. Our hired watchdogs can
all-too easily become wolves. If you tell me that you want to spread
transparency and accountability throughout all Western governments, I am
with you! You say you want to change the Constitution? Well, we'd all
love to see your plan.
More generally, at this critical juncture in history, with existential
threats looming on every horizonbalong with a glimmering promise that we
may instead become a wise and decent star-traveling speciesbthe matter
is more critical than ever. We cannot afford anymore the all-too-human
tendency for leaders to decide our fate in secret. Not even "for our own
  Reciprocal Accountability remains our only real hope. And to whatever
extent that WikiLeaks has helped push health-inducing transparency
forward, I am guardedly grateful. While I find the whole event
over-rated and a bit yawn-worthy, more a stunt than a model for truly
sustainable openness, the effects ought to be salutary.
But I have a larger goal that I hope you'll share: To achieve lasting
victory for this new way of life. A way of life that may stymie, finally
and forever, the old feudal temptations that have always erupted to
quash freedom. A way of life that may take my sane, rich and happy
grandchildrenband the sane/rich/happy grandchildren of today's poorest
AIDS victim in Zimbabwebto the stars.
  Clearly, in order to get there, we will need a wide range of new
toolsband some of the old ones, too. And that means Western governments
will remain key instruments for quite some time. If watched, if
fine-tuned and kept honest, they will continue to play a role as we
cross the danger gap, ultimately reaching a place that is good and just
and filled with light.
Portions of this article were excerpted from a book in-progress. David
Brin's bestselling novels, such as Earth and Kiln People, have been
translated into more than 20 languages. The Postman was loosely Kevin
Costnerized in 1998. The Transparent Society won the nonfiction Freedom
of Speech Award of the American Library Association. His next novel,
Existence, portrays the minefield of dangers ahead, and our potential to
  May I pause to lay down a couple of background fundamentals that
should be obvious to anyone? Basics that ought to inform all of our
arguments about transparency?
* The greatest human talent is self-delusion. (Often propped-up by
another, our penchant for self-righteousness.) Across recorded history,
delusional leaders were responsible for countless horrific errors of
statecraft, though it was common folk who suffered. Yet, ruling castes
always made it their top priority to limit criticism, the only thing
that might have corrected their mistakes. This dire contradiction
propelled much of the tragedy of the last 4,000 years.
  * The one palliative that has ever been found to correct this human
fault has been Reciprocal Accountability (RA). This entirely new
invention of the Western Enlightenment is the key ingredient of
Democracy, Markets, Science and egalitarian Justice.  We may not, as
individuals, be able to penetrate our own favorite delusions, but others
will gladly point them out for us! And we happily return the favor, by
pointing out our adversaries' mistakes. That is the simple basis of
RA... and it can only happen in a general atmosphere of freedom. (See
Note 4)
  It can only happen where most of the people know most of what is going
on, most of the time.
It's easy to see why Reciprocal Accountability took so long to emerge.
(Though Pericles tried it, in Athens.) RA may help a society to thrive
economically, to gain social mobility, liberty, fairness and the rapid
advancement of knowledge. But it is also highly inconvenient to elites!
In fact, it acts to separate the good of society from the good of the
ruling caste. This will prove a critical distinction, as we dissect the
WikiLeaks imbroglio.
Reciprocal Accountability is the pragmatic reason for the First
Amendment, entirely independent of morality and sacred "rights." Another
way to put this is with an aphorism and acronym CITOKATE:
Criticism Is the Only Known Antidote to Error.
  This matter takes up several chapters of The Transparent Societyband
soon I'll comment on something closely related: the Great Big TSA Mess.
 This distinction is an important, if quirky one, in the light of
basic justiceba topic about which Assange lectures us, incessantly.  A
democratically elected government can be viewed as the property  of its
voting, taxpaying citizens. It is the right and responsibility of those
citizens to ensure that their government is suitably accountable and
just. But, given that they own the government, what right does an
outsider have to steal the property of that government and to diminish
the government's value as a useful tool of that owner-citizenry?
I do not have a pat answer to this quandary. Indeed, since Daniel
Ellsberg was a citizen-owner, having voted and paid taxes, was he
inherently more vested and rightful in diminishing the government's
current stature, in an investment in its future improvement? I point it
out because it reduces the issue to one of tort/harm. Assange argues
that the only "other" that he has harmed is the separate entity of the
U.S. government.
But there is some level where the link between that institution and its
owners cannot be ignored. It is relevant. In abstract, those United
States citizens are the putative injured parties and Assange is
answerable to them. He bears some burden of proving that he has not done
them actionable harm.
 Indeed, perhaps unintentionally, the late author of thriller novels,
Michael Crichton, implicitly supported the argument for general
transparency in an ironic way. Examining all of his plots, one finds a
single common element that underlay every disastrous misapplication of
technology that he railed against. A prevailing fetish for secrecy that
insulated his villains from inspection, criticism, accountability or
reproach. The often ridiculous errors made by those villains would not
and could not have happened, if general transparency and light had
prevailed. An interesting illustration from the world of fiction.
  I wonder where Assange would stand, on this issue, if he had been
born an aristocrat.

@_date: 2012-08-01 17:12:13
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Trolling as counter-terrorism 
No comment.
Newest U.S. Counterterrorism Strategy: Trolling
    By Spencer Ackerman
    July 18, 2012 |
In the decade since 9/11, the U.S. government has used a wide variety of
tactics against terrorists. Itbs invaded countries where they operated
(and ones where they didnbt). Itbs tried to win the backing of foreign
populations in which the terrorists hide. And itbs sent commandos and
deadly flying robots to kill them one by one.
One thing it hasnbt done, until now: troll them.
Within the State Department, a Silicon Valley veteran has quietly
launched an improbable new initiative to annoy, frustrate and humiliate
denizens of online extremist forums. Itbs so new that it hasnbt fully
taken shape: Even its architects concede it hasnbt fleshed out an actual
strategy yet, and accordingly canbt point to any results itbs yielded.
Its annual budget is a rounding error. The Pentagon will spend more in
Afghanistan in the time it takes you to finish reading this sentence.
But it also represents, in the mind of its creator, a chance to
discourage impressionable youth from becoming terrorists b all in an
idiom they firmly understand. And if it actually works, it might stand a
chance of cutting off al-Qaidabs ability to replenish its ranks at a
time when it looks to be reeling.
The program, called Viral Peace, seeks to occupy the virtual space that
extremists fill, one thread or Twitter exchange at a time. Shahed
Amanullah, a senior technology adviser to the State Department and Viral
Peacebs creator, tells Danger Room he wants to use blogic, humor,
satire, [and] religious arguments, not just to confront [extremists],
but to undermine and demoralize them.b Think of it as strategic
trolling, in pursuit of geopolitical pwnage.
Outside the first Viral Peace/Generation Change seminar in Davao City,
Philippines, April 2012. Photo: Crishyl Ann/Facebook
Al-Qaidabs influence has waxed and waned during the past decade, but its
adherents, both current and potential, have gradually drifted online.
Forums like the password-protected Shumukh site host extremist bulletin
boards, where regulars debate the finer points of jihadist theory and
boast of grandiose plans to assassinate senior U.S. officials.
The denizens of those forums might be scrubs. But the online havens are,
increasingly, the town square for extremism, especially as drones and
commandos batter the terroristsb physical sanctuaries. Al-Qaidabs Yemen
branch publishes an English-language web magazine; its Somali branch
recently joined Twitter.
The U.S. has thought of several strategies for confronting the
not-so-new wave of online extremism, from apparent DDoS attacks on
extremist websites to infiltrating them using fake jihadi personas. The
White Housebs broad counterterrorism strategy, meanwhile, all but
ignores the internet.
Amanullah has a different view. You donbt necessarily need to deface the
forums if you can troll them to the point where their most malign
influences are neutralized.
In an interview at a Washington coffee shop near his State Department
office, Amanullah explains that online extremists have ban energy,
theybve got a vitality that frankly attracts some of these at-risk
people,b Amanullah says. bIt appeals to macho, it appeals to peoplebs
rebellious nature, it appeals to people who feel downtrodden.b Creating
a comparable passion on the other side is difficult. But itbs easier if
the average online would-be jihadi has his mystique challenged through
the trial by fire that is online ridicule.
To Jarret Brachman, itbs an idea with promise. Brachman is one of the
leading researchers of online jihadism. The people who post to the
forums are bare massive narcissists [who] need constant ego boosts,b
Brachman says b and, like other online blowhards, they tend to talk
outside their areas of presumed expertise. Omar Farouk Abdulmutallab,
the would-be Christmas bomber, used to bloviate on an Islamic forum
about blove and marriageb while simultaneously complaining about his
moribund love life.
And that makes Abdulmutallabbs virtual contemporaries vulnerable to
trolling b hopefully, before they can command attract an audience. The
jihadi braggarts bkeep the momentum, the anger and the virulence going
in forums, and they have a disproportionate impact, so if you can get
rid of them, itbll pay dividends,b Brachman says.
But not every extremist forum is alike. Will McCants, a former State
Department official now at the CNA think tank and another scholar of
online jihadism, argues Amanullahbs pupils canbt focus on the hardcore
extremist forums like Shumukh. bThe admins will immediately take downb
posts that challenge the jihadi narrative, McCants tells Danger Room.
bFor something like that to work, it would have to be in more mainstream
fora where extremists are trying to recruit,b like the conservative
muslm.net, where byou can engage and the admins wouldnbt necessarily
take you offline.b
But all that is several steps ahead of Viral Peace at the moment. Viral
Peace doesnbt have a strategy yet. And to hear Amanullah and his
colleagues tell it, the State Department wonbt be the ones who come up
with one. Itbs better, they argue, to let Muslims in various foreign
countries figure out which message boards to troll and how to properly
troll them. Americans wonbt know, say, the Tagalog-language Internet
better than Filipinos; and as outsiders, they wonbt have the credibility
necessary to actually make an impact. The best the State Department can
do is train good trolls b which Amanullah began to do this spring.
That means taking a big risk. If Viral Peace works as intended, with the
trainees taking control of the program, Amanullah and the State
Department will have little control over how the program actually trolls
the terrorists. And the first wave of meetings in Muslim countries shows
how far the program has to go.
Inside a Viral Peace meeting in the Philippines, April 2012. Photo
courtesy of Humera Khan.
It makes sense that someone like Amanullah would think about pwning
terrorists. A 44-year old proud Muslim and proud California geek, he was
the editor-in-chief of the web magazine Altmuslim; started an online
restaurant-rating service called Zabihah thatbs like a Halal version of
Yelp; and launched a business service called Halalfire to drive
advertising to the Muslim consumer market. Long before he arrived at the
State Department in October 2010, he was profiled in Newsweek, which
described the bookshelves at his El Cerrito home as blined with copies
of Wired magazine and Jack Kerouac novels.b
In April, Amanullah dispatched two young associates, Humera Khan of the
U.S.-based counter-radicalization think tank Muflehun and the playwright
and essayist Wajahat Ali, to set the idea into practice. They took a
quickie tour of Muslim nations to meet young local leaders who might be
interested in confronting extremism. It was a pilot program for Viral
Peace and a related program of Amanullahbs called Generation Change. The
idea was to connect notable people b rising stars in the arts, business
and culture fields, who had an online following b with one another and
to people who focused on counterterrorism.
bYou donbt need to teach this generation how to use social media. They
know how to use Twitter. They know how to use Facebook,b says Khan, who
participated in Viral Peace in her individual capacity. bThe whole
[Viral Peace] curriculum is about learning what strategy is.b
Except that the first wave of Viral Peace didnbt yield a strategy. In
Singapore, Malaysia, the Philippines and Indonesia b Ali went to
Pakistan as well b the opening meetings brought together about 30 people
per country, selected by the State Department and Amanullahbs own social
networks, for sprawling brainstorming sessions. Some of them were just
about how Muslim communities are perceived in their own countries. And
some participants didnbt place counterterrorism at the top of their agendas.
bYes, there were issues of extremismb discussed, Khan says. bBut by and
large, the people felt that if you could deal with economics, education,
making sure the rights of the underprivileged were maintained, it would
take care of a lot of the other problems.b
That may be, but itbs also far afield from trolling the trolls.
Amanullah accepts that mission creep is a risk. But, he contends, if you
want to get the most effective people denouncing jihadis online, itbs a
risk worth accepting. And unlike the U.S. government, they stand the
better chance of getting lurkers to think of them as bactually a cool
group of people to be in,b as Amanullah puts it.
Whatbs more, Amanullah has basically no budget. Viral Peace, a global
program, has mere thousands of dollars in annual seed money so far; the
Obama administration is asking for about $85 billion for the Afghanistan
war next year. Participants are staying connected via Facebook, with
minimal U.S. government presence as a middleman; Amanullah wants to
expand to more countries soon. But itbs not clear where Viral Peace fits
in Obamabs broader counterterrorism strategy: White House officials
declined repeated requests to comment for this story. Amanullah sees it
as a supplement to existing counterterrorism efforts b not a replacement
for, say, drone strikes in Yemen b and he also concedes that his project
will take a long time before it starts to pay counterterrorism dividends.
But Amanullah doesnbt view that as an unconquerable obstacle. He thinks
of counterterrorism like a venture capitalist might.
bI come from Silicon Valley, from the start-up environment. I want to
prove you can do small, inexpensive, high-impact projects that donbt
just talk about the problem but solve the problem,b he says. bAnd solve
it the right way: not with the governmentbs heavy hand but by empowering
local people to do what they already know to do but donbt know how.b

@_date: 2012-08-26 08:35:21
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Fwd: Role of the US Tech Companies in Government Surveillance: A Lecture by Christopher Soghoian b Centre for Internet and Society 
For those in Bangalore, this sounds like fun.
Role of the US Tech Companies in Government Surveillance: A Lecture by
Christopher Soghoian
Christopher Soghoian will deliver a lecture on the role US tech
companies play in assisting government surveillance at the Centre for
Internet & Society office in Bangalore on August 27, 2012.
When Aug 27, 2012
from 05:00 PM to 07:00 PM
Where The Centre for Internet & Society, Bangalore
Your internet, phone and web application providers are all, for the
most part, in bed with US and other foreign government agencies. They
all routinely disclose their customers' communications and other
private data to law enforcement and intelligence agencies. Worse,
firms like Google and Microsoft specifically log data in order to
assist the government. How many government requests does your ISP get
for its customers' communications each year? How many do they comply
with? How many do they fight? How much do they charge for the
surveillance assistance they provide? Who knows? Most companies have a
strict policy of not discussing such topics.
The differences in the privacy practices of the major players in the
telecommunications and internet applications market are significant.
Some firms retain identifying data for years, while others retain no
data at all; some voluntarily provide the government access to user
data, while other companies refuse to voluntarily disclose data
without a court order; some companies charge government agencies when
they request user data, while others disclose it for free. For an
individual, later investigated by the police or intelligence services,
the data retention practices adopted by their phone company or email
provider can significantly impact their freedom.
Unfortunately, although many companies claim to care about end-user
privacy, and some even that they compete on their privacy features,
none seem to be willing to compete on the extent to which they assist
or resist the government in its surveillance activities. Because
information about each firms' practices is not publicly known,
consumers cannot vote with their wallets, and pick service providers
that best protect their privacy.
This talk will pierce the veil of secrecy surrounding these practices.
Based upon a combination of Freedom of Information Act requests, off
the record conversations with industry lawyers, and investigative
journalism, the practices of many of these firms will be revealed.
Christopher's Personal Experience
In the year 2006, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) raided
Christopherbs home at 2.00 a.m. seizing his personal documents and
computers. Two attorneys, Stephen Braga and Jennifer Granick came to
his defence. With their expert assistance, Christopher was able to get
back his possessions within three weeks, and FBIbs criminal and TSAbs
civil investigations were closed without any charges being filed.
Jennifer Granick came to Christopherbs assistance once again (joined
by Steve Leckar) in 2010 after the Federal Trade Commissionbs
Inspector General investigated Christopher for using his government
badge to attend a closed-door surveillance industry conference. It was
at that event that Christopher recorded an executive from wireless
carrier bSprintb bragging about the eight million times his company
had obtained GPS data on its customers for law enforcement agencies in
the previous years.
To know more, read Christopher Soghoianbs dissertation titled "The
Spies We Trust: Third Party Service Providers and Law Enforcement
Surveillance". [PDF, 1056 Kb]
About Christopher Soghoian
Christopher Soghoian is a privacy researcher and activist, working at
the intersection of technology, law and policy. He is a Principal
Technologist and Senior Policy Analyst at the American Civil Liberties
Union and is based in Washington, D.C.
Soghoian completed his Ph.D. at Indiana University in 2012, which
focused on the role that third party service providers play in
facilitating law enforcement surveillance of their customers. In order
to gather data, he has made extensive use of the Freedom of
Information Act, sued the Department of Justice pro se, and used
several other investigative research methods. His research has
appeared in publications including the Berkeley Technology Law Journal
and been cited by several federal courts, including the Ninth Circuit
Court of Appeals.
Between the years, 2009-2010, he was the first ever in-house
technologist at the Federal Trade Commission's Division of Privacy and
Identity Protection, where he worked on investigations of Facebook,
Twitter, MySpace and Netflix. Prior to joining the FTC, he co-created
the Do Not Track privacy anti-tracking mechanism now adopted by all of
the major web browsers.
He is a TEDGlobal 2012 Fellow, was an Open Society Foundations Fellow
between the years, 2011-2012, and was a Student Fellow at the Berkman
Center for Internet & Society, Harvard University between 2008 and

@_date: 2012-01-11 11:56:37
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] The Coming War on General Purpose Computing 
A more polished version of this:
The coming war on general-purpose computing
By Cory Doctorow
This article is based on a keynote speech to the Chaos Computer Congress
in Berlin, Dec. 2011.
General-purpose computers are astounding. They're so astounding that our
society still struggles to come to grips with them, what they're for,
how to accommodate them, and how to cope with them. This brings us back
to something you might be sick of reading about: copyright.
But bear with me, because this is about something more important. The
shape of the copyright wars clues us into an upcoming fight over the
destiny of the general-purpose computer itself.
In the beginning, we had packaged software and we had sneakernet. We had
floppy disks in ziplock bags, in cardboard boxes, hung on pegs in shops,
and sold like candy bars and magazines. They were eminently susceptible
to duplication, were duplicated quickly, and widely, and this was to the
great chagrin of people who made and sold software.
Enter Digital Rights Management in its most primitive forms: let's call
it DRM 0.96. They introduced physical indicia which the software checked
forbdeliberate damage, dongles, hidden sectorsband challenge-response
protocols that required possession of large, unwieldy manuals that were
difficult to copy.
These failed for two reasons. First, they were commercially unpopular,
because they reduced the usefulness of the software to the legitimate
purchasers. Honest buyers resented the non-functionality of their
backups, they hated the loss of scarce ports to the authentication
dongles, and they chafed at the inconvenience of having to lug around
large manuals when they wanted to run their software. Second, these
didn't stop pirates, who found it trivial to patch the software and
bypass authentication. People who took the software without paying for
it were untouched.
Typically, the way this happened is a programmer, with possession of
technology and expertise of equivalent sophistication to the software
vendor itself, would reverse-engineer the software and circulate cracked
versions. While this sounds highly specialized, it really wasn't.
Figuring out what recalcitrant programs were doing and routing around
media defects were core skills for computer programmers, especially in
the era of fragile floppy disks and the rough-and-ready early days of
software development. Anti-copying strategies only became more fraught
as networks spread; once we had bulletin boards, online services, USENET
newsgroups and mailing lists, the expertise of people who figured out
how to defeat these authentication systems could be packaged up in
software as little crack files. As network capacity increased, the
cracked disk images or executables themselves could be spread on their own.
This gave us DRM 1.0. By 1996, it became clear to everyone in the halls
of power that there was something important about to happen. We were
about to have an information economy, whatever the Hell that was. They
assumed it meant an economy where we bought and sold information.
Information technology improves efficiency, so imagine the markets that
an information economy would have! You could buy a book for a day, you
could sell the right to watch the movie for a Euro, and then you could
rent out the pause button for a penny per second. You could sell movies
for one price in one country, at another price in another, and so on.
The fantasies of those days were like a boring science fiction
adaptation of the Old Testament Book of Numbers, a tedious enumeration
of every permutation of things people do with informationband what might
be charged for each.
Unfortunately for them, none of this would be possible unless they could
control how people use their computers and the files we transfer to
them. After all, it was easy to talk about selling someone a tune to
download to their MP3 player, but not so easy to talk about the the
right to move music from the player to another device. But how the Hell
could you stop that once you'd given them the file? In order to do so,
you needed to figure out how to stop computers from running certain
programs and inspecting certain files and processes. For example, you
could encrypt the file, and then require the user to run a program that
only unlocked the file under certain circumstances.
But, as they say on the Internet, now you have two problems.
You must now also stop the user from saving the file while it's
unencryptedbwhich must happen eventuallyb and you must stop the user
from figuring out where the unlocking program stores its keys, enabling
them to permanently decrypt the media and ditch the stupid player app
Now you have three problems: you must stop the users who figure out how
to decrypt from sharing it with other users. Now you've got four
problems, because you must stop the users who figure out how to extract
secrets from unlocking programs from telling other users how to do it
too. And now you've got five problems, because you must stop users who
figure out how to extract these secrets from telling other users what
the secrets were!
That's a lot of problems. But by 1996, we had a solution. We had the
WIPO Copyright Treaty, passed by the United Nations World Intellectual
Property Organization. This created laws that made it illegal to extract
secrets from unlocking programs, and it created laws that made it
illegal to extract media (such as songs and movies) from the unlocking
programs while they were running. It created laws that made it illegal
to tell people how to extract secrets from unlocking programs, and it
created laws that made it illegal to host copyrighted works or the
secrets. It also established a handy streamlined process that let you
remove stuff from the Internet without having to screw around with
lawyers, and judges, and all that crap.
And with that, illegal copying ended forever, the information economy
blossomed into a beautiful flower that brought prosperity to the whole
wide world; as they say on the aircraft carriers, "Mission Accomplished".
That's not how the story ends, of course, because pretty much anyone who
understood computers and networks understood that these laws would
create more problems than they could possibly solve. After all, these
laws made it illegal to look inside your computer when it was running
certain programs. They made it illegal to tell people what you found
when you looked inside your computer, and they made it easy to censor
material on the internet without having to prove that anything wrong had
In short, they made unrealistic demands on reality and reality did not
oblige them. Copying only got easier following the passage of these
lawsbcopying will only ever get easier. Right now is as hard as copying
will get. Your grandchildren will turn to you and say "Tell me again,
Grandpa, about when it was hard to copy things in 2012, when you
couldn't get a drive the size of your fingernail that could hold every
song ever recorded, every movie ever made, every word ever spoken, every
picture ever taken, everything, and transfer it in such a short period
of time you didn't even notice it was doing it."
Reality asserts itself. Like the nursery rhyme lady who swallows a
spider to catch a fly, and has to swallow a bird to catch the spider,
and a cat to catch the bird, so must these regulations, which have broad
general appeal but are disastrous in their implementation. Each
regulation begets a new one, aimed at shoring up its own failures.
It's tempting to stop the story here and conclude that the problem is
that lawmakers are either clueless or evil, or possibly evilly clueless.
This is not a very satisfying place to go, because it's fundamentally a
counsel of despair; it suggests that our problems cannot be solved for
so long as stupidity and evilness are present in the halls of power,
which is to say they will never be solved. But I have another theory
about what's happened.
It's not that regulators don't understand information technology,
because it should be possible to be a non-expert and still make a good
law. MPs and Congressmen and so on are elected to represent districts
and people, not disciplines and issues. We don't have a Member of
Parliament for biochemistry, and we don't have a Senator from the great
state of urban planning. And yet those people who are experts in policy
and politics, not technical disciplines, still manage to pass good rules
that make sense. That's because government relies on heuristics: rules
of thumb about how to balance expert input from different sides of an issue.
Unfortunately, information technology confounds these heuristicsbit
kicks the crap out of thembin one important way.
The important tests of whether or not a regulation is fit for a purpose
are first whether it will work, and second whether or not it will, in
the course of doing its work, have effects on everything else. If I
wanted Congress, Parliament, or the E.U. to regulate a wheel, it's
unlikely I'd succeed. If I turned up, pointed out that bank robbers
always make their escape on wheeled vehicles, and asked, "Can't we do
something about this?", the answer would be "No". This is because we
don't know how to make a wheel that is still generally useful for
legitimate wheel applications, but useless to bad guys. We can all see
that the general benefits of wheels are so profound that we'd be foolish
to risk changing them in a foolish errand to stop bank robberies. Even
if there were an epidemic of bank robberiesbeven if society were on the
verge of collapse thanks to bank robberiesbno-one would think that
wheels were the right place to start solving our problems.
However, if I were to show up in that same body to say that I had
absolute proof that hands-free phones were making cars dangerous, and I
requested a law prohibiting hands-free phones in cars, the regulator
might say "Yeah, I'd take your point, we'd do that."
We might disagree about whether or not this is a good idea, or whether
or not my evidence made sense, but very few of us would say that once
you take the hands-free phones out of the car, they stop being cars.
We understand that cars remain cars even if we remove features from
them. Cars are special-purpose, at least in comparison to wheels, and
all that the addition of a hands-free phone does is add one more feature
to an already-specialized technology. There's a heuristic for this:
special-purpose technologies are complex, and you can remove features
from them without doing fundamental, disfiguring violence to their
underlying utility.
This rule of thumb serves regulators well, by and large, but it is
rendered null and void by the general-purpose computer and the
general-purpose networkbthe PC and the Internet. If you think of
computer software as a feature, a computer with spreadsheets running on
it has a spreadsheet feature, and one that's running World of Warcraft
has an MMORPG feature. The heuristic would lead you to think that a
computer unable to run spreadsheets or games would be no more of an
attack on computing than a ban on car-phones would be an attack on cars.
And, if you think of protocols and websites as features of the network,
then saying "fix the Internet so that it doesn't run BitTorrent", or
"fix the Internet so that thepiratebay.org no longer resolves," sounds a
lot like "change the sound of busy signals," or "take that pizzeria on
the corner off the phone network," and not like an attack on the
fundamental principles of internetworking.
The rule of thumb works for cars, for houses, and for every other
substantial area of technological regulation. Not realizing that it
fails for the Internet does not make you evil, and it does not make you
an ignoramus. It just makes you part of that vast majority of the world,
for whom ideas like Turing completeness and end-to-end are meaningless.
So, our regulators go off, they blithely pass these laws, and they
become part of the reality of our technological world. There are,
suddenly, numbers that we aren't allowed to write down on the Internet,
programs we're not allowed to publish, and all it takes to make
legitimate material disappear from the Internet is there mere accusation
of copyright infringement. It fails to attain the goal of the
regulation, because it doesn't stop people from violating copyright, but
it bears a kind of superficial resemblance to copyright enforcementbit
satisfies the security syllogism: "something must be done, I am doing
something, something has been done." As a result, any failures that
arise can be blamed on the idea that the regulation doesn't go far
enough, rather than the idea that it was flawed from the outset.
This kind of superficial resemblance and underlying divergence happens
in other engineering contexts. I've a friend, who was once a senior
executive at a big consumer packaged goods company, who told me what
happened when the marketing department told the engineers that they'd
thought up a great idea for detergent: from now on, they were going to
make detergent that made your clothes newer every time you washed them!
After the engineers had tried unsuccessfully to convey the concept of
entropy to the marketing department, they arrived at another solution:
they'd develop a detergent that used enzymes that attacked loose fiber
ends, the kind that you get with broken fibers that make your clothes
look old. So every time you washed your clothes in the detergent, they
would look newer. Unfortunately, that was because the detergent was
digesting your clothes. Using it would literally cause your clothes to
dissolve in the washing machine.
This was, needless to say, the opposite of making clothes newer.
Instead, you were artificially aging them every time you washed them,
and as the user, the more you deployed the "solution", the more drastic
your measures had to be to keep your clothes up to date. Eventually, you
would have to buy new clothes because the old ones fell apart.
Today we have marketing departments that say things such as "we don't
need computers, we need appliances. Make me a computer that doesn't run
every program, just a program that does this specialized task, like
streaming audio, or routing packets, or playing Xbox games, and make
sure it doesn't run programs that I haven't authorized that might
undermine our profits."
On the surface, this seems like a reasonable idea: a program that does
one specialized task. After all, we can put an electric motor in a
blender, and we can install a motor in a dishwasher, and we don't worry
if it's still possible to run a dishwashing program in a blender. But
that's not what we do when we turn a computer into an appliance. We're
not making a computer that runs only the "appliance" app; we're taking a
computer that can run every program, then using a combination of
rootkits, spyware, and code-signing to prevent the user from knowing
which processes are running, from installing her own software, and from
terminating processes that she doesn't want. In other words, an
appliance is not a stripped-down computerbit is a fully functional
computer with spyware on it out of the box.
We don't know how to build a general-purpose computer that is capable of
running any program except for some program that we don't like, are
prohibited by law, or which loses us money. The closest approximation
that we have to this is a computer with spyware: a computer on which
remote parties set policies without the computer user's knowledge, or
over the objection of the computer's owner. Digital rights management
always converges on malware.
In one famous incidentba gift to people who share this hypothesisbSony
loaded covert rootkit installers on 6 million audio CDs, which secretly
executed programs that watched for attempts to read the sound files on
CDs and terminated them. It also hid the rootkit's existence by causing
the computer operating system's kernel to lie about which processes were
running, and which files were present on the drive. But that's not the
only example. Nintendo's 3DS opportunistically updates its firmware, and
does an integrity check to make sure that you haven't altered the old
firmware in any way. If it detects signs of tampering, it turns itself
into a brick.
Human rights activists have raised alarms over U-EFI, the new PC
bootloader, which restricts your computer so it only runs "signed"
operating systems, noting that repressive governments will likely
withhold signatures from operating systems unless they allow for covert
surveillance operations.
On the network side, attempts to make a network that can't be used for
copyright infringement always converges with the surveillance measures
that we know from repressive governments. Consider SOPA, the U.S. Stop
Online Piracy Act, which bans innocuous tools such as DNSSecba security
suite that authenticates domain name informationb because they might be
used to defeat DNS blocking measures. It blocks Tor, an online anonymity
tool sponsored by the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory and used by
dissidents in oppressive regimes, because it can be used to circumvent
IP blocking measures.
In fact, the Motion Picture Association of America, a SOPA proponent,
circulated a memo citing research that SOPA might work because it uses
the same measures as are used in Syria, China, and Uzbekistan. It argued
that because these measures are effective in those countries, they would
work in America, too!
It may seem like SOPA is the endgame in a long fight over copyright and
the Internet, and it may seem that if we defeat SOPA, we'll be well on
our way to securing the freedom of PCs and networks. But as I said at
the beginning of this talk, this isn't about copyright.
The copyright wars are just the beta version of a long coming war on
computation. The entertainment industry is just the first belligerents
to take up arms, and we tend to think of them as particularly
successful. After all, here is SOPA, trembling on the verge of passage,
ready to break the Internet on a fundamental levelb all in the name of
preserving Top 40 music, reality TV shows, and Ashton Kutcher movies.
But the reality is that copyright legislation gets as far as it does
precisely because it's not taken seriously by politicians. This is why,
on one hand, Canada has had Parliament after Parliament introduce one
awful copyright bill after another, but on the other hand, Parliament
after Parliament has failed to actually vote on each bill. It's why
SOPA, a bill composed of pure stupid and pieced together
molecule-by-molecule into a kind of "Stupidite 250" normally only found
in the heart of newborn star, had its rushed-through SOPA hearings
adjourned midway through the Christmas break: so that lawmakers could
get into a vicious national debate over an important issue, unemployment
It's why the World Intellectual Property Organization is gulled time and
again into enacting crazed, pig-ignorant copyright proposals: because
when the nations of the world send their U.N. missions to Geneva, they
send water experts, not copyright experts. They send health experts, not
copyright experts. They send agriculture experts, not copyright experts,
because copyright is just not as important.
Canada's Parliament didn't vote on its copyright bills because, of all
the things that Canada needs to do, fixing copyright ranks well below
health emergencies on First Nations reservations, exploiting the oil
patch in Alberta, interceding in sectarian resentments among French- and
English-speakers, solving resources crises in the nation's fisheries,
and a thousand other issues. The triviality of copyright tells you that
when other sectors of the economy start to evince concerns about the
Internet and the PC, copyright will be revealed for a minor skirmishbnot
a war.
Why might other sectors come to nurse grudges against computers in the
way the entertainment business already has? The world we live in today
is made of computers. We don't have cars anymore; we have computers we
ride in. We don't have airplanes anymore; we have flying Solaris boxes
attached to bucketfuls of industrial control systems. A 3D printer is
not a device, it's a peripheral, and it only works connected to a
computer. A radio is no longer a crystal: it's a general-purpose
computer, running software. The grievances that arise from unauthorized
copies of Snooki's Confessions of a Guidette are trivial when compared
to the calls-to-action that our computer-embroidered reality will soon
Consider radio. Radio regulation until today was based on the idea that
the properties of a radio are fixed at the time of manufacture, and
can't be easily altered. You can't just flip a switch on your baby
monitor and interfere with other signals. But powerful software-defined
radios (SDRs) can change from baby monitor to emergency services
dispatcher or air traffic controller, just by loading and executing
different software. This is why the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) considered what would happen when we put SDRs in the field, and
asked for comment on whether it should mandate that all software-defined
radios should be embedded in "trusted computing" machines. Ultimately,
the question is whether every PC should be locked, so that their
programs could be strictly regulated by central authorities.
Even this is a shadow of what is to come. After all, this was the year
in which we saw the debut of open source shape files for converting
AR-15 rifles to full-automatic. This was the year of crowd-funded
open-sourced hardware for genetic sequencing. And while 3D printing will
give rise to plenty of trivial complaints, there will be judges in the
American South and mullahs in Iran who will lose their minds over people
in their jurisdictions printing out sex toys. The trajectory of 3D
printing will raise real grievances, from solid-state meth labs to
ceramic knives.
It doesn't take a science fiction writer to understand why regulators
might be nervous about the user-modifiable firmware on self-driving
cars, or limiting interoperability for aviation controllers, or the kind
of thing you could do with bio-scale assemblers and sequencers. Imagine
what will happen the day that Monsanto determines that it's really
important to make sure that computers can't execute programs which cause
specialized peripherals to output custom organisms which literally eat
their lunch.
Regardless of whether you think these are real problems or hysterical
fears, they are, nevertheless, the political currency of lobbies and
interest groups far more influential than Hollywood and big content.
Every one of them will arrive at the same place: "Can't you just make us
a general-purpose computer that runs all the programs, except the ones
that scare and anger us? Can't you just make us an Internet that
transmits any message over any protocol between any two points, unless
it upsets us?"
There will be programs that run on general-purpose computers, and
peripherals, that will freak even me out. So I can believe that people
who advocate for limiting general-purpose computers will find a
receptive audience. But just as we saw with the copyright wars, banning
certain instructions, protocols or messages will be wholly ineffective
as a means of prevention and remedy. As we saw in the copyright wars,
all attempts at controlling PCs will converge on rootkits, and all
attempts at controlling the Internet will converge on surveillance and
censorship. This stuff matters because we've spent the last decade
sending our best players out to fight what we thought was the final boss
at the end of the game, but it turns out it's just been an end-level
guardian. The stakes are only going to get higher.
As a member of the Walkman generation, I have made peace with the fact
that I will require a hearing aid long before I die. It won't be a
hearing aid, though; it will really be a computer. So when I get into a
carba computer that I put my body intobwith my hearing aidba computer I
put inside my bodybI want to know that these technologies are not
designed to keep secrets from me, or to prevent me from terminating
processes on them that work against my interests.
Last year, the Lower Merion School District, in a middle-class, affluent
suburb of Philadelphia, found itself in a great deal of trouble. It was
caught distributing, to its students, rootkitted laptops that allowed
remote covert surveillance through the computer's camera and network
connection. They photographed students thousands of times, at home and
at school, awake and asleep, dressed and naked. Meanwhile, the latest
generation of lawful intercept technology can covertly operate cameras,
microphones, and GPS tranceivers on PCs, tablets, and mobile devices.
We haven't lost yet, but we have to win the copyright war first if we
want to keep the Internet and the PC free and open. Freedom in the
future will require us to have the capacity to monitor our devices and
set meaningful policies for them; to examine and terminate the software
processes that runs on them; and to maintain them as honest servants to
our will, not as traitors and spies working for criminals, thugs, and
control freaks.

@_date: 2012-06-20 12:03:08
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Flame is Lame 
More on this, for those not following along:
Report: US and Israel Behind Flame Espionage Tool
    By Kim Zetter
    June 19, 2012 |
The United States and Israel are responsible for developing the
sophisticated espionage rootkit known as Flame, according to anonymous
Western sources quoted in a news report.
The malware was designed to provide intelligence about Iranbs computer
networks and spy on Iranian officials through their computers as part of
an ongoing cyberwarfare campaign, according to the Washington Post.
The program was a joint effort of the National Security Agency, the CIA
and Israelbs military, which also produced the Stuxnet worm that is
believed to have sabotaged centrifuges used for Iranbs uranium
enrichment program in 2009 and 2010.
bThis is about preparing the battlefield for another type of covert
action,b a former high-ranking US intelligence official told the Post.
bCyber collection against the Iranian program is way further down the
road than this.b
Flame was discovered last month by Russia-based antivirus firm Kaspersky
Lab, following reports in Iran that malware aimed at computers belonging
to that countrybs oil industry had wiped data from the computers. In
trying to investigate that issue, Kaspersky came across components of
the Flame malware, which the researcher believed was not directly
connected to the malware that wiped the Iranian computers clean but
which they believed was created by the same nation states behind Stuxnet.
Kaspersky disclosed last week that Flame in fact contained some of the
same code as Stuxnet, directly tying the two pieces of malware together.
According to the Post Flame was designed to infiltrate highly secure
networks in order to siphon intelligence from them, including
information that would help the attackers map a target network. Flame,
as previously reported, can activate a computerbs internal microphone to
record conversations conducted via Skype or in the vicinity of the
computer. It also contains modules that log keyboard strokes, take
screen shots of whatbs occurring on a machine, extract geolocation data
from images and turn an infected computer into a Bluetooth beacon to
siphon information from Bluetooth-enabled phones that are near the computer.
Flame exploited a vulnerability in Microsoftbs terminal service system
to allow the attackers to obtain a fraudulent Microsoft digital
certificate to sign their code, so that it could masquerade as
legitimate Microsoft code and be installed on a target machine via the
Microsoft software update function.
Flame was developed at least five years ago as part of a classified
program code-named Olympic Games, the same program that produced Stuxnet.
bIt is far more difficult to penetrate a network, learn about it, reside
on it forever and extract information from it without being detected
than it is to go in and stomp around inside the network causing damage,b
said Michael V. Hayden, a former NSA director and CIA director who left
office in 2009, told the Post.
Itbs still unclear whether the malware used to attack computers in
Iranbs oil ministry is the same malware now known as Flame. According to
the Post, the attack on the oil ministry computers was directed by
Israel alone, a matter which apparently caught US officials off guard,
according to anonymous sources who spoke with the newspaper.
Kim Zetter
Kim Zetter is a senior reporter at Wired covering cybercrime, privacy,
security and civil liberties.

@_date: 2013-04-01 19:59:33
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Hacking the World 
Interesting piece on Aaron Swartz, and on Biella. Biella, want to say more?
April 1, 2013
Hacking the World
An anthropologist in the midst of a geek insurgency
By Nathan Schneider
Hacking the World
To hold an event in the Great Hall at Cooper Union in New York City is
to lay claim on history. The typical invocation at the start of an
evening there, whatever the occasion, includes recounting that Abraham
Lincoln once made an important speech in the same room. And such was the
opening ritual on January 19.
Hundreds of eminent geeks, start-up-ers, reporters, radicals, and
admirers gathered that evening among the stone arches and white columns
to remember the life of Aaron Swartz. At the age of 26, after living
under the threats of federal prosecutors trying to pressure him into a
plea bargain, he had hanged himself. Several times in January, his name
was on the front page of The New York Times. His former girlfriend, the
Wired writer Quinn Norton, observed in her remarks that "Aaron has left
us and entered the realm of mythmaking." David Segal, who with Swartz
founded the organization Demand Progress, said from the stage of the
Great Hall, "He wanted to hack the whole world, in the best way."
The forces that seem to have hastened Swartz's death were very much
haunting the room. In the audience was a mischievous, greasy-haired
hacker known as "weev," who faces as much as a decade in prison for
embarrassing AT&T by publicizing a flaw in its system that compromised
users' privacy. A member of Occupy Wall Street's press team handed out
slips of paper about the case of Jeremy Hammond, an anarchist and
Anonymous member who was in prison awaiting trial for breaking into the
servers of the security company Stratfor. There was Stanley Cohen, a
civil-rights lawyer representing some of Hammond's fellow Anons, and
there was a T-shirt with the face of Bradley Manning, the soldier
charged with passing classified material to WikiLeaks.
Just behind weev sat Gabriella Coleman, an anthropologist, occasionally
jotting notes in a notepad. She teaches at McGill University. Coleman
first met Aaron Swartz when he was just 14, and over the years she had
come to know many others in the room as well. Even more of them were
among her 17,500-strong Twitter following or had seen her TED talk about
Anonymous. Part participant and part observer, she began fieldwork on a
curious computer subculture while still in graduate school. Now, more
than a decade later, her work has made her the leading interpreter of a
digital insurgency.
Hacking the World
Onstage, speakers recounted Swartz's exploits in acronyms: As a
teenager, he co-created the RSS specification and Reddit and Creative
Commons, and in 2012 he helped organize the widespread and successful
opposition to the Congressional intellectual-property bills SOPA and
PIPA. His conviction that information wants to be free was what led him
to liberate scholarly articles from behind JSTOR's paywall en masse.
That brought on the prosecutors determined to make an example of him,
whose reaction in turn reveals just how dangerous the geek crusaders'
cry of freedom has come to seem.
Swartz's crusade has been much celebrated since his death, if not very
well understood by those not also taking part. It's a peculiar kind of
politics. Why would someone care so much, and take such risks, to set
information free? That question, in certain respects, is what Gabriella
Coleman has spent her career studying.
Coleman started to care about open-source software because she cared
about something else. At Columbia University in the early 90s, a friend
of hers wouldn't stop talking about a CD-ROM he'd brought home of
Slackware, an early Linux-based operating system. She didn't see what
the big deal was, so the friend explained it to her this way: He knew
she was interested in drug patentsbin particular, how
intellectual-property laws prevent medicine from being available to
people who need it but can't pay inflated prices. This kind of software
was the opposite. Not only was it free of cost, but the license ensured
that the source code behind it was freely available for people to copy,
modify, and share. Computer companies were making billions by
controlling proprietary operating systems, yet here was one anyone could
use for nothingbanyone, at least, willing to put in the effort to make
it work.
"I was just floored," Coleman recalls. "It wasn't a pipe dream. It was a
reality, and that was exciting to me: an actually existing alternative
in place."
She went on to study anthropology at the University of Chicago. Her goal
was to write a dissertation on spiritual healing in Guyana. But the
notion of free software was still on her mind, and the community that
produced it started to interest her more and more. What just about
settled it, though, was an illness during graduate school that kept her
homebound for a year. She couldn't take classes or go on trips to
Guyana, but she could get on the Internet. Through chat rooms and online
bulletin boards, she learned a lot about free software. Soon after, and
despite her advisers' hesitation, she was ready to put aside her plan
for more-traditional fieldwork and take up this one.
Faye Ginsburg, an anthropologist and director of New York University's
Center for Media, Culture and History, where Coleman taught in the late
2000s, says, "I think she was a bit ahead of the curve, in terms of the
field recognizing the significance of media generally and digital media
in particular."
For dissertation research, as others in her cohort shipped off for
more-exotic, farther-flung places, Coleman moved to the San Francisco
Bay Area with Linux running on her computer. "It was painful at first,"
she says, remembering the buggy early versions of the operating system.
"It was the equivalent of having to live with the snakes." She took
classes in copyright law and system administration while making her way
into communities of geeks and hackers, as she refers to them, and as
they refer to themselves. She volunteered at the Electronic Frontier
Foundation and infiltrated the ranks of those creating the Linux-based
operating system Debian. In that male-dominated world, she suspects that
her gender helped: "This little, tiny woman shows up, and they're just
in awe that someone cares."
At the time, in the early 2000s, Silicon Valley was infatuated with the
idea of free and open-source software; futurists promised an overnight
revolution, and venture capitalists schemed about how to turn the wisdom
of crowds into profits. Coleman's scholarship on the phenomenon, newly
compiled in her Princeton University Press book Coding Freedom: The
Ethics and Aesthetics of Hacking, stands well beyond either brand of
enthusiasm. Her tone is mostly sober, even as she pays close attention
to her subjects' jokesbabout the cluelessness of "(l)users, or a program
called Mutt that has fleas instead of bugs." What impresses her most,
however, is what she learned from the geeks about doing politics.
The first chapter of Coding Freedom opens with a gloss on the
prototypical autobiography of a free-software hacker. (It always bears
repeating that "hacker" does not necessarily mean someone who hacks
illegally or nefariously.) That story begins with tinkering, with taking
apart household appliances as a child and quickly graduating to whatever
primitive computing machines become available. At last the
hackerbusually a hebcomes across the world of free software, which is
actually just a name for what he'd been pining after all along: infinite
tinkering with like-minded people and no external constraints. Through
chat rooms and e-mail lists and conferences, he finds a community of
others like him, and, even as they find lucrative jobs in the tech
sector, their real passion is collaborating on projects that are free
and open from the ground up. The programs really work, too. Over the
years, they wind up running a good chunk of the Internet's back end.
Then, one day, some company or some law comes around and tries to stop
the whole show in order to protect an antiquated business model. That
makes our hacker angry. In defense of his work flow and his tinkering,
he finds himself in a political movement.
Coleman herself has activist instincts, and she expected to find them
among the free-software hackers. (While doing her fieldwork, she
participated in Indymedia, disseminating news about the
counter-globalization protests of the period.) What she found instead
was a group of people who were engaged in the grueling legal battles and
organizational infighting that would be familiar to any activist, but
were here put to the service of mainly technical ends.
The community as a whole, she says, "was having this political impact,
but individuals weren't necessarily politically motivated."
The Debian Project is among the more ideological of open-source
organizations, yet its several thousand volunteer "maintainers" are held
together not so much by revolutionary spirit as by a carefully
constructed, overlapping consensus about how to create "the universal
operating system." Debian has its own "Social Contract," "Constitution,"
and "Free Software Guidelines," which serve to coordinate a vast spread
of subprojects. Officers are elected according to criteria posited by an
18th-century French mathematician. Coding Freedom chronicles the
intensive training process that Debian maintainers must undergo to enter
the community. Their programming chops are evaluated, of course, but so
is their fluency in the legal and ethical jargon of free software.
This legal curriculum is something that geeks and hackers had to learn
themselves, and in many cases invent, just to keep doing what they
wanted to do. Over time, scholars like Lawrence Lessig realized that
they had a point and helped develop legal tools to protect "free
culture"btools that cover everything from the Firefox browser's source
code to the Creative Commons license on Coleman's book. (It was
downloaded around 20,000 times in its first week of being freely
available online.) For a hacker, she points out, law is code; legal
reform is just another hack.
Like any countervailing subculture, the hacker community also depends on
fostering environments where, as Coleman puts it, "a different set of
lived ethics can incarnate into practice." In the solitary ecstasy of
coding they remind her of the 19th-century Romantics. No less ecstatic
are the hacker conferences, where online collaborators get to meet,
drink excessively, and write software together in the same room. Just as
vital are the rules that pervade such spaces, both formal and informal,
which seek a balance of individual autonomy and group consensus-seeking.
And the impact of these communities has been felt far beyond their geeky
That impact was especially visible on January 18, 2012, when signs of
protest appeared across large swaths of the Internet, including Google,
Wikipedia, and Twitter, to protest the proposed bills then in Congress
that stood to radically bolster copyright law, mainly on behalf of the
entertainment industry. Aaron Swartz and the many thousands of other
hackers who rallied against the bills were acting on behalf of ideals
that they had learned to cherish in practice, through their means of
collective production.
Some hackers, it's true, happen to be anticorporate activists. And the
open-source pioneer Eric S. Raymondb"the hacker culture's resident
ethnographer since around 1990," as he puts itbtakes Coleman to task for
not saying more about the libertarian rationale often held among those
of his ilk, which would object to copyright law as an affront to the
free market. In the end, though, hackers' varying justifications matter
less than what they actually do together. They became a force in
mainstream politics through the back door because there was no choice;
to the extent that file sharing, copying, and remixing aren't allowed,
free software cannot operate.
This is the insight that Coleman wants to bring to her fellow
anthropologists in Coding Freedom: While liberal values like
transparency, autonomy, and free inquiry may be cherished by many people
in the abstract, the geeks who have fought for those values most
assiduously on our behalf learned to care so much about them through
practice, by what those values enabled them to produce. And when hackers
are able solve technical problems by setting information free, they
start to imagine what other kinds of problems they might be able to fix.
By the fall of 2011, while Coleman was knee-deep in her work on
Anonymous and other political outgrowths of geek culture, a student of
hers named Leah Feder was about to encounter open-source ideals in the
Occupy Wall Street began in the last weeks of September, and Feder
started going down to occupied Zuccotti Park, in Manhattan, soon
afterward. She was excited by it but at first didn't know how to plug
in. That's where she met Devin Balkind, also in his mid-20s. Before the
movement started, he had incorporated an organization called Sarapis to
help nonprofits benefit from open-source software and other peer-to-peer
methodologies. Balkind is a wild-eyed true believer who talks about a
"sea change" and a "knowledge revolution" to comebsoon, like in six months.
Feder dropped out of NYU, and together they devoted themselves to
introducing the movement not just to open-source software but also to
other forms of free culture, like collaborative permaculture farming and
digital currencies. They were less interested in how Occupy could
protest than in what alternatives it could produce.
The Occupy movement's affinity with free culture expressed itself right
from the start; Occupy Wall Street's initial "Principles of Solidarity"
statement called for "wide application of open source." Open-source
organizing models also fit well with the movement's nonhierarchical and
directly democratic proclivities. People with backgrounds in free
software tended to have had more experience working in structures like
that, and they became involved in Occupy encampments across the country.
They also went to work building a digital infrastructure to unite the
disparate movement.
This infrastructure, much of it assembled in the months after the media
had deemed Occupy over and done, was tested when Hurricane Sandy struck
the Eastern Seaboard last October. Within days, a band of Occupy Wall
Street veterans and their allies had mounted a relief effort that
mobilized thousands of volunteers to help in communities where the
government response was far from adequate. The effort started with an
online platform that could direct people and supplies to sites where
they were needed. Soon, Feder and Balkind helped set up a largely
open-source system for managing resources and volunteers. "With Sandy we
already did it," Balkind says. "We had a better system up within a month."
As Occupy's most devoted participants have always believed, it is just
one part of a network of interrelated movements. Much is made of the
role of corporate social media like Facebook and Twitter on the recent
protest scene, including Cairo's Tahrir Square and Canada's indigenous uprising, but less noticed is the commitment to free and open
information underlying so many of these movements. The narrow frame of
geek politics has found itself in much more mixed company.
"There is a meta-relationship," says Coleman. "These movements enacted a
shared set of values in their organizing."
Some quarters of the encampment movement in Spain, for instance, have
embraced talk of "the commons," and a "European Charter of the Commons"
has been drafted in Italy. Harking back to the pre-industrial
arrangement of villagers' holding farmland in common, and inspired by
the free-software phenomenon, these people envision freeing more of
society's vital resources from private control to be shared among those
who depend on them.
Luis Moreno-Caballud, who teaches in the Hispanic-studies program at the
University of Pennsylvania, was closely involved in the movements in
both Madrid and New York. He has been tracing a "return of the
commons"ba tendency, he explains, "not to see our dependency on others
as a weakness, or a lack, but a potential." This impulse was able to
manifest itself especially easily in software over the past few decades;
it was a new realm where the rules hadn't been made yet. But in the
protest movements, Moreno-Caballud has noticed similar commons emerging
as people self-organize to resist their governments' austerity policies.
"The state is abandoning people," he says. "We need to reclaim what is
In the years since the fieldwork that led to Coding Freedom, Gabriella
Coleman has found herself playing a new kind of role: that of the
world's foremost scholar of Anonymous.
"Studying Debian was a pure joy," she says. "It was a safe playground.
And then all of a sudden I went to what felt like a nightmare
playground, where there were spikes and booby traps and grenades." While
before she had only to be careful to keep her Linux operating system
from crashing, now she has to make sure not to collect data that could
be used in investigations by law enforcementbnot learning where subjects
live, for example, and leaving chat rooms if discussions of illegal
activity begin.
"I've definitely had to create boundaries," she says.
Coleman discovered Anonymous while investigating, as a side project, the
particular disdain that a number of geeks she'd interviewed over the
years had for the Church of Scientology. She started to realize that
Scientology is "this perfect inversion" of the hacker ethos. It is
secretive, litigious, dogmatic, and freely blends its dogma with
technology in ritual gizmos like the "E-meter." This was on her mind
when something called "Project Chanology" appeared in early 2008: People
in matching masks, calling themselves Anonymous, started protesting at
Scientology centers around the world.
Among these crowds, Coleman says, the cause of information liberation
took on "a distinct modality." Some Anons were skilled coders from the
free-software community, but many didn't have technical backgrounds.
They were drawn to the cause by a culture and an aesthetic.
Anonymous is part prank but also part activism; it led to a lot more of
both. Within a couple of years, Anonymous was fighting big banks on
behalf of WikiLeaksbthe information-freedom spree of the hacker Julian
Assangeband bringing down dictators' Web sites during the Arab Spring.
It played key roles in the Occupy movement. Corporations and governments
alike had their security breached by this amorphous and often reckless
band of information liberators. All along, Coleman turned her
ethnographic attention to online chat channels and Twitter hashtags that
Anonymous members frequented, and she met with leading Anons. Outlets
including CNN, the Guardian, Wired, and Boing Boing use her has a
source, and her insights on how Anonymous functions have made the
phenomenon a little less mysterious. Anonymous will be the subject of
her next book.
The success that Anonymous and WikiLeaks have had in spooking the
powerful is surely part of what motivated the scare tactics used against
Aaron Swartz. Such tactics won't necessarily work. Over the course of
the memorial for Swartz in New York, the remembrances swelled into calls
for action, and then standing ovationsbagainst the power of corporations
in the legal system, against the Citizens United Supreme Court decision,
against mass incarceration. One cause led to another. The hackers were
connecting the dots.
"If people experience a taste of what political action is," Coleman said
afterward, "whether it's the power of consensus, whether it's the power
to change something, whether it's the power of getting media
attentionbthey're hooked."
Nathan Schneider is the author of Thank You, Anarchy: Notes From the
Occupy Apocalypse and God in Proof: The Story of a Search From the
Ancients to the Internet, both forthcoming from the University of
California Press in 2013.
Copyright 2013. All rights reserved.
    The Chronicle of Higher Education
    1255 Twenty-Third St, N.W.
    Washington, D.C. 20037

@_date: 2013-02-04 12:39:54
@_author: Udhay Shankar N 
@_subject: [silk] Power and the Internet 
Bruce Schneier on what worries him about the state of the net today.
Money quote:
"The Internet is what we make it, and is constantly being recreated by
organizations, companies, and countries with specific interests and
agendas. Either we fight for a seat at the table, or the future of the
Internet becomes something that is done to us."
January 31, 2013
Power and the Internet
All disruptive technologies upset traditional power balances, and the
Internet is no exception. The standard story is that it empowers the
powerless, but that's only half the story. The Internet empowers
everyone. Powerful institutions might be slow to make use of that new
power, but since they are powerful, they can use it more effectively.
Governments and corporations have woken up to the fact that not only can
they use the Internet, they can control it for their interests. Unless
we start deliberately debating the future we want to live in, and
information technology in enabling that world, we will end up with an
Internet that benefits existing power structures and not society in general.
We've all lived through the Internet's disruptive history. Entire
industries, like travel agencies and video rental stores, disappeared.
Traditional publishing -- books, newspapers, encyclopedias, music --
lost power, while Amazon and others gained. Advertising-based companies
like Google and Facebook gained a lot of power. Microsoft lost power (as
hard as that is to believe).
The Internet changed political power as well. Some governments lost
power as citizens organized online. Political movements became easier,
helping to topple governments. The Obama campaign made revolutionary use
of the Internet, both in 2008 and 2012.
And the Internet changed social power, as we collected hundreds of
"friends" on Facebook, tweeted our way to fame, and found communities
for the most obscure hobbies and interests. And some crimes became
easier: impersonation fraud became identity theft, copyright violation
became file sharing, and accessing censored materials -- political,
sexual, cultural -- became trivially easy.
Now powerful interests are looking to deliberately steer this influence
to their advantage. Some corporations are creating Internet environments
that maximize their profitability: Facebook and Google, among many
others. Some industries are lobbying for laws that make their particular
business models more profitable: telecom carriers want to be able to
discriminate between different types of Internet traffic, entertainment
companies want to crack down on file sharing, advertisers want
unfettered access to data about our habits and preferences.
On the government side, more countries censor the Internet -- and do so
more effectively -- than ever before. Police forces around the world are
using Internet data for surveillance, with less judicial oversight and
sometimes in advance of any crime. Militaries are fomenting a cyberwar
arms race. Internet surveillance -- both governmental and commercial --
is on the rise, not just in totalitarian states but in Western
democracies as well. Both companies and governments rely more on
propaganda to create false impressions of public opinion.
In 1996, cyber-libertarian John Perry Barlow issued his "Declaration of
the Independence of Cyberspace." He told governments: "You have no moral
right to rule us, nor do you possess any methods of enforcement that we
have true reason to fear." It was a utopian ideal, and many of us
believed him. We believed that the Internet generation, those quick to
embrace the social changes this new technology brought, would swiftly
outmaneuver the more ponderous institutions of the previous era.
Reality turned out to be much more complicated. What we forgot is that
technology magnifies power in both directions. When the powerless found
the Internet, suddenly they had power. But while the unorganized and
nimble were the first to make use of the new technologies, eventually
the powerful behemoths woke up to the potential -- and they have more
power to magnify. And not only does the Internet change power balances,
but the powerful can also change the Internet. Does anyone else remember
how incompetent the FBI was at investigating Internet crimes in the
early 1990s? Or how Internet users ran rings around China's censors and
Middle Eastern secret police? Or how digital cash was going to make
government currencies obsolete, and Internet organizing was going to
make political parties obsolete? Now all that feels like ancient history.
It's not all one-sided. The masses can occasionally organize around a
specific issue -- SOPA/PIPA, the Arab Spring, and so on -- and can block
some actions by the powerful. But it doesn't last. The unorganized go
back to being unorganized, and powerful interests take back the reins.
Debates over the future of the Internet are morally and politically
complex. How do we balance personal privacy against what law enforcement
needs to prevent copyright violations? Or child pornography? Is it
acceptable to be judged by invisible computer algorithms when being
served search results? When being served news articles? When being
selected for additional scrutiny by airport security? Do we have a right
to correct data about us? To delete it? Do we want computer systems that
forget things after some number of years? These are complicated issues
that require meaningful debate, international cooperation, and iterative
solutions. Does anyone believe we're up to the task?
We're not, and that's the worry. Because if we're not trying to
understand how to shape the Internet so that its good effects outweigh
the bad, powerful interests will do all the shaping. The Internet's
design isn't fixed by natural laws. Its history is a fortuitous
accident: an initial lack of commercial interests, governmental benign
neglect, military requirements for survivability and resilience, and the
natural inclination of computer engineers to build open systems that
work simply and easily. This mix of forces that created yesterday's
Internet will not be trusted to create tomorrow's. Battles over the
future of the Internet are going on right now: in legislatures around
the world, in international organizations like the International
Telecommunications Union and the World Trade Organization, and in
Internet standards bodies. The Internet is what we make it, and is
constantly being recreated by organizations, companies, and countries
with specific interests and agendas. Either we fight for a seat at the
table, or the future of the Internet becomes something that is done to us.
This essay appeared as a response to Edge's annual question, "What
*Should* We Be Worried About?"
